来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20181226212158/https://www.thriftbooks.com/terms-of-use/
================================================================================

terms of use | new & used books from thriftbooks skip to content search wish list cart all categories kid's young adult fiction collectibles offers our app blog about us terms of use thrift books global llc, thriftbooks.com and its affiliates (“thriftbooks” or “us”) provide a variety of website features at thriftbooks.com, similar services on other websites and applications, and other products owned and maintained by thriftbooks (collectively, the “services”). by indicating your acceptance these “terms of use”, you agree to the terms that are set forth below. please read them carefully. in addition to the terms of use detailed below, when you use any current or future services, you also will be subject to the guidelines, terms, and agreements applicable to such services. if these terms are inconsistent with any written guidelines, terms, and agreements relating to any service, the written guidelines, terms, and agreements relating to the specific service will control. privacy policy our privacy policy is found at https://www.thriftbooks.com/privacypolicy.aspx. it also governs your visit to thriftbooks.com and use of the services. please read it to understand how we collect, use, and process your personal data. communications when necessary, we will communicate with you electronically by e-mail or by notices on thriftbooks.com. at any time, you may alter your communication preferences by logging into your account and choosing the email communications you want to receive via the email preferences menu; however, there are certain emails you may not opt out of. additionally, you agree that all agreements, notices, disclosures, and other communications that we provide to you electronically satisfy any legal requirement that such communications be in writing. comments, communications, and other user-submitted content you may submit comments, questions, suggestions, or other information to thriftbooks but such content cannot be objectionable, illegal, obscene, defamatory, infringing of intellectual property rights, an invasion of privacy, or otherwise harmful to others or "spam." if you submit a posting, you must use a real email address and you may not pretend to be any other person. thriftbooks reserves the right (but not the obligation) to remove or edit such content, but does not regularly review posted content. if you do submit a posting, you grant thriftbooks a nonexclusive, royalty-free, perpetual, irrevocable, and fully sub-licensable right to use, reproduce, modify, adapt, publish, translate, create derivative works from, distribute, and display such content throughout the world in any media. you grant thriftbooks and its sub-licensees the right to use the name that you submit in connection with such content, if they choose. you represent and warrant that you own or otherwise control all of the rights to the content that you post; that the content is accurate; that use of the content you supply does not violate this policy and will not cause injury to any person or entity; and that you will indemnify thriftbooks for all claims resulting from content you supply. thriftbooks has the right but not the obligation to monitor and edit or remove any activity or content. thriftbooks takes no responsibility and assumes no liability for any content posted by you or any third party. copyright protection all content included in any service, such as text, graphics, logos, button icons, images, audio clips, digital downloads, data compilations, and software, is the property of thriftbooks or its content suppliers and protected by united states and international copyright laws. the compilation of all content on this site and included in any service is the exclusive property of thriftbooks and protected by u.s. and international copyright laws. all software used on this site and included in any service is the property of thriftbooks or its software suppliers and protected by united states and international copyright laws. trademark protection thriftbooks, thriftbooks.com, green earth books, motor city books, atlanta book company, and other services graphics, logos, page headers, button icons, scripts, and service names are trademarks, registered trademarks, or trade dress of thriftbooks in the u.s. and other countries. thriftbooks’ trademarks and trade dress may not be used in connection with any product or service that is not owned by thriftbooks, in any manner that is likely to cause confusion among customers, or in any manner that disparages or discredits thriftbooks. all other trademarks not owned by thriftbooks that appear in connection with services are the property of their respective owners, who may or may not be affiliated with, connected to, or sponsored by thriftbooks. license and site access thriftbooks grants you a limited license to access and make personal use of services and not to download (other than page caching) or modify it, or any portion of it, except with express written consent of thriftbooks. this license does not include any resale or commercial use of services’ content; any collection and use of any product listings, descriptions, or prices; any derivative use of services’ content; any downloading or copying of account information for the benefit of another merchant; or any use of data mining, robots, or similar data gathering and extraction tools. services’ content or any portion of such content may not be reproduced, duplicated, copied, sold, resold, visited, or otherwise exploited for any commercial purpose without express written consent of thriftbooks. you may not frame or utilize framing techniques to enclose any trademark, logo, or other proprietary information (including images, text, page layout, or form) of thriftbooks without express written consent. you may not use any meta tags or any other "hidden text" utilizing thriftbooks' name or trademarks without the express written consent of thriftbooks. any unauthorized use terminates the permission or license granted by thriftbooks. you are granted a limited, revocable, and nonexclusive right to create a hyperlink to the home page of thriftbooks.com so long as the link does not portray thriftbooks, or its products or services in a false, misleading, derogatory, or otherwise offensive matter. you may not use any thriftbooks logo or other proprietary graphic or trademark as part of the link without express written permission. individual accounts if you use services, you are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your account and password and for restricting access to your computer, tablet, or mobile device, and you agree to accept responsibility for all activities that occur under your account or password. thriftbooks does sell products for children, but it sells them to adults, who can purchase with a credit card or other permitted payment method. if you are under 16, you may use services only with parent or guardian supervision. thriftbooks reserves the right to refuse service, terminate accounts, remove or edit content, or cancel orders in their sole discretion. copyright complaints and digital millennium copyright act notice of copyright infringement the digital millennium copyright act (the "dmca") provides recourse for copyright owners who believe that material appearing on the internet infringes their rights under u.s. copyright law. if you believe in good faith that materials on the services infringes your rights under u.s. copyright law, you may send thriftbooks a notice requesting that the material be removed. the notice must include the following information: the signature of a person authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed; identification of the copyrighted work claimed to have been infringed; identification of the material that is claimed to be infringing or the subject of infringing activity, and information that reasonably allows us to locate the material within the services; your name, address, telephone number, and email address (if available); a representation that you have a good faith belief that use of the material in the manner complained of is not authorized by you (the copyright owner), your agent, or the law; and a representation that the information in the notice is accurate and, under penalty of perjury, that you are authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed. please be advised that thriftbooks will not respond to complaints that do not meet the requirements above. if thriftbooks determines that the materials alleged to infringe your rights do not require removal, thriftbooks will remove those materials only pursuant to a court order that declares the content or use of the materials unlawful. counter-notices if you believe that a notice of copyright infringement has been wrongly filed against you, the dmca permits you to send us a counter-notice. counter-notices must include the following information: your name, address, and telephone number; a description of the source of the content that was removed; a representation under penalty of perjury that you believe that the content was removed in error; a representation that you consent to the jurisdiction of federal district court for the judicial district in which your address is located, or if your address is outside of the united states, for any judicial district that thriftbooks chooses, and that you will accept service of process from the person who provided the original complaint; and your signature (physical or electronic is acceptable). updated requirements notices and counter-notices with respect to the services must meet the then-current statutory requirements imposed by the dmca and should be sent to thriftbooks’ designated agent through the address listed below. please be aware that there can be penalties for false claims under the dmca. attn: dmca designated agent thrift books global, llc 18300 cascade ave s #150 tukwila, wa 98188 risk of loss all items purchased from thriftbooks are made pursuant to a shipment contract. this means that the risk of loss and title for such items pass to you upon our delivery to the carrier. product descriptions thriftbooks attempts to be as accurate as possible. however, thriftbooks does not warrant that product descriptions or other content provided through services is accurate, complete, reliable, current, or error-free. if a product offered by thriftbooks itself is not as described, your sole remedy is to return it. apple app store terms the following terms apply to users that have downloaded any services through the apple app store: acknowledgement both parties acknowledge that this agreement is between the thriftbooks and you only, and thriftbooks and its content is governed by this agreement. to the extent this agreement provides terms that are less restrictive than or otherwise conflict with the apple app store terms of service, then the more restrictive or conflicting apple term applies. scope of license the license granted to you for use of services is limited to a non-transferable license to use services on an ios device that you legally own or control and as permitted by the terms detailed in the apple app store terms of service. maintenance and support thriftbooks is solely responsible for providing any maintenance and support services with respect to services, and apple has no obligation whatsoever to furnish any maintenance and support services with respect to services. warranty services are provided as-is and do not currently include any express warranties. if there is any express warranty included in this agreement in the future, and any service fails to conform to such express warranty, you may notify apple, and apple will refund the purchase price (if any) for the service to you; and to the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, apple will have no other warranty obligation whatsoever with respect to services, and any other claims, losses, liabilities, damages, costs, or expenses attributable to any failure to conform to any warranty will be our sole responsibility. intellectual property rights thriftbooks and you acknowledge that, in the event of any third party claim that thriftbooks or your possession and use of services infringes a third party's intellectual property rights, as between thriftbooks and apple, thriftbooks will be solely responsible for the investigation, defense, settlement, and discharge of any such intellectual property infringement claim. product claims thriftbooks and you acknowledge that thriftbooks, not apple, is responsible for addressing any claims of you or any third party relating to the app or your possession and use of services, including, but not limited to: (i) product liability claims; (ii) any claim that services fail to conform to any applicable legal or regulatory requirement; and (iii) claims arising under consumer protection or similar legislation. this agreement does not limit our liability to you beyond what is permitted by applicable law. thrift party beneficiary thriftbooks and you acknowledge and agree that apple, and apple's subsidiaries, are third party beneficiaries of this agreement, and that, upon your acceptance of the terms and conditions of this agreement, apple will have the right to enforce this agreement against you as a third party beneficiary of this agreement. disclaimer of warranties and limitation of liability thriftbooks.com and all information, content, materials, products (including software) and services included on or otherwise made available to you through thriftbooks services are provided by thriftbooks on an "as is" and "as available" basis, unless otherwise specified in writing. thriftbooks makes no representations or warranties of any kind, express or implied, as to the operation of thriftbooks services or the information, content, materials, products (including software) or services included on or otherwise made available to you through thriftbooks services, unless otherwise specified in writing. you expressly agree that your use of thriftbooks services is at your sole risk. to the full extent permissible by applicable law, thriftbooks disclaim all warranties, express or implied, including, but not limited to, implied warranties of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose. thriftbooks does not warrant that thriftbooks services; information, content, materials, products (including software) or services included on or otherwise made available to you through thriftbooks services; their servers; or email sent from thriftbooks are free of viruses or other harmful components. thriftbooks will not be liable for any damages of any kind arising from the use of thriftbooks services or from any information, content, materials, products (including software) or services included on or otherwise made available to you through thriftbooks services, including, but not limited to direct, indirect, incidental, punitive, and consequential damages, unless otherwise specified in writing. certain state laws do not allow limitations on implied warranties or the exclusion or limitation of certain damages. if these laws apply to you, some or all of the above disclaimers, exclusions, or limitations may not apply to you, and you might have additional rights. legal compliance you represent and warrant that (i) you are not located in a country that is subject to a u.s. government embargo, or that has been designated by the u.s. government as a “terrorist supporting” country; and (ii) you are not listed on any u.s. government list of prohibited or restricted parties. applicable law by using any service, you agree that the laws of the state of washington, without regard to principles of conflict of laws, will govern these terms of use and any dispute of any sort that might arise between you and thriftbooks. disputes any dispute relating in any way to your visit to our sites or use of any service, or to products or services sold or distributed by thriftbooks or through services in which the aggregate total claim for relief sought on behalf of one or more parties exceeds $7,500 shall be adjudicated in any state or federal court in king county, washington, and you consent to exclusive jurisdiction and venue in such courts. site policies, modification, and severability please review our other policies, such as our privacy policy, that are related to services. these policies govern your visit to and use of services. we reserve the right to make changes to services, policies, and these terms of use at any time. any changes to the terms of use will be effective from the time we publish the updated terms of useon our websites. by using our websites or services after the changes have been implemented, you accept and agree to be bound by the new terms of use. if you do not consent to the terms of the updated terms of use, you must stop using the services. if any of these conditions shall be deemed invalid, void, or for any reason unenforceable, that condition shall be deemed severable and shall not affect the validity and enforceability of any remaining condition. popular categories children's teen and young adult self-help literature & fiction mystery & thriller sci-fi & fantasy romance large print books rare & collectible books website testimonials gift cards blog tell-a-friend my account settings shopping cart order history wish list information shipping costs about thriftbooks partnerships buy from us wholesale become an affiliate are you a library? corrections libraries quick help help & support billing return policy contact us careers thriftbooks sells millions of used books at the lowest everyday prices. we personally assess every book's quality and offer rare, out-of-print treasures. we deliver the joy of reading in 100% recycled packaging with free standard shipping on u.s. orders over $10. thriftbooks.com – read more. save more. follow us copyright © 2018 thriftbooks.com terms of use | privacy policy thriftbooks® and the thriftbooks® logo are registered trademarks of thrift books global, llc