来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20181226212158/https://www.thriftbooks.com/readingrewards/
================================================================================

readingrewards | new & used books from thrift books skip to content search wish list cart search all categories kid's young adult fiction rare & collectible offers get our app blog wish list help & support sitemap boost your book-buying power with readingrewards. you’ll earn free books for doing what you already love—reading and shopping at thriftbooks! join now readingrewards basics points on purchases every dollar you spend gets you points! special offers earn bonus points through special promotions. 500 pts = free book get a free book (up to $5 in value) for every 500 points earned. tiers for greater rewards reader earn 8 points for every $1 spent spend $10 - $99.99 in 12 months literati earn 10 points for every $1 spent spend $100 or more in 12 months additional benefits • free books are automatically applied in your cart at checkout for no-hassle redemption. • you won't have to make a minimum purchase to redeem a free book. once it's earned, it's yours! • the $$$ value of your free book will be applied to our $10 free shipping threshold*, making it easier than ever to get your items shipped at no additional cost to you. not a member yet? it's easy to join! simply click the button below, and start getting free books today. join now boost your book-buying power with readingrewards. you’ll earn free books for doing what you already love—reading and shopping at thriftbooks! join now readingrewards basics points on purchases every dollar you spend gets you points! special offers earn bonus points through special promotions. 500 pts = free book get a free book (up to $5 in value) for every 500 points earned. tiers for greater rewards reader earn 8 points for every $1 spent spend $10 - $99.99 in 12 months literati earn 10 points for every $1 spent spend $100 or more in 12 months additional benefits • free books are automatically applied in your cart at checkout for no-hassle redemption. • you won't have to make a minimum purchase to redeem a free book. once it's earned, it's yours! • the $$$ value of your free book will be applied to our $10 free shipping threshold*, making it easier than ever to get your items shipped at no additional cost to you. not a member yet? it's easy to join! simply click the button below, and start getting free books today. join now *us customers only terms & conditions effective date: 7/12/18. please read these terms and conditions carefully. by joining in the thriftbooks readingrewards program you agree to the terms and conditions provided below. read more background we want you to read more and spend less. the thriftbooks® readingrewards program provides registered members of thriftbooks.com with special reward, discount and promotional offers. this program is for the benefit of individual readers for their own reading pleasure and it is not intended to benefit the large order buyer or reseller. acceptance the terms and conditions stated below (collectively, the “agreement”) constitute a legal agreement between you (“you”, “program participant”) and thrift books llc, a washington limited liability company (the “company,” “thriftbooks,” “we,” “our,” or “us”). by joining the thriftbooks readingrewards program (the “program”) through the process provided below in section 2.2, you are utilizing thriftbooks services (as defined in the conditions of use) and you expressly acknowledge and agree to the terms and conditions that are laid out here, the terms set forth in the conditions of use and the privacy policy, both of which are incorporated into this agreement by reference, and any amendments and additions to this agreement as published from time to time at www.thriftbooks.com. by accepting this agreement, you acknowledge and affirmatively consent to the following: we may send you emails at the address associated with your registered account, unless you later withdraw your consent to receive commercial emails under the opt-out procedures provided in our privacy policy. we may request, record, use, and keep any information about you (including, but not limited to, your name, mailing address, zip code, telephone number, credit, debit or payment account information and email address) that we deem necessary to fulfill your requests for service to your registered account, including, but not limited to, requests to establish your account, look up or edit your account information, or associate a purchase with your account, for as long as we deem necessary; we may require you to log in to your registered account or create a registered account when you purchase goods at thriftbooks.com in order to provide you program benefits; and we may compile information about items you purchased from us, including but not limited to when purchases and returns were made; your method of payment; or if you open, access hyperlinks in, or respond to emails from us. you may not accept this agreement if you are not 18 years old. if you are between the ages of 13 and 18, you may only participate in the program if you are supervised by a parent or legal guardian who accepts this agreement. you may not participate in the program if you are under the age of 13. if you do not agree with all of the provisions of this agreement, do not access or participate in the program. program enrollment eligibility only individual customers who are age 13 or older and have registered for an account at thriftbooks.com or on the thriftbooks mobile application are eligible to participate in the program and receive its benefits. customers who make purchases under a “guest” account without creating a new registered account at the time of purchase are not eligible for program benefits on such purchases. the program is intended for individual personal use only and commercial use is prohibited. companies, associations, and other groups are not eligible for the program. any use of the program by ineligible parties or use of a single registered account for the purpose of accumulating program benefits for combined use will be considered a fraudulent act. registering for the program if you are eligible for the program, you may register for the program by completing the registration process on the thriftbooks mobile app or online at https://www.thriftbooks.com/readingrewards/, or by selecting the option to "join" while making a purchase at thriftbooks.com or on the thriftbooks mobile app. we may require certain personal information from you to complete the registration, including but not limited to your name, username, password, email address, birthday, and products or services of interest. any information we collect from you during program registration will be governed by our privacy policy. by completing the program registration, you warrant the information you have provided to us is current, complete, and accurate, and you are responsible for updating such personal information to the extent any changes occur in the future. unenrolling from the program if at any point after registering for the program you wish to unenroll from program benefits, you may do so by clicking “opt out” on the readingrewards page of your member account. by unenrolling from the program, you will forfeit any unredeemed benefits you have earned, including program points and free book credits (as defined below). we may retain any personal information you provided us during the time you were registered as a program member. earning and redeeming reward points the benefits available to you through the program are based on the number of points that you earn (“program points”). earning points as a program participant, you may earn program points by making qualifying purchases at thriftbooks.com, or through the thriftbooks mobile app. you will earn program points per dollar spent on qualifying purchases according to the terms of your benefit level (as defined below) provided in section 5. program points will be credited to your account at the time a qualifying purchase ships. you must contact us via the e-mail below within one-hundred and twenty (120) days after the date the purchase or other program activity took place to address any errors in crediting of points. we are not responsible for late notifications about purchases or other program activities not being credited to a program account. our good faith determination of the amount of program points earned under any purchase will be final and binding. qualifying purchases purchases must be made at thriftbooks.com or through the thriftbooks mobile app under a registered account at the time of purchase in order to qualify for program points. purchases that are made under a guest account without creating a registered account during the purchase process do not qualify for program points. qualifying purchases do not include bulk and wholesale purchases, purchases made with benefits received under the program, sales tax, shipping costs, and any other purchases we designate as non-qualifying, as provided below. qualifying purchases of discounted or sale items will earn program points according to the paid price of the purchased item, not the original list price. we reserve the right to designate any purchase as a non-qualifying purchase by noting its status as a non-qualifying purchase in the online promotion or benefit details at thriftbooks.com or in the thriftbooks mobile app. refunded purchases if we issue you a refund for a purchase which was previously a qualifying purchase, we reserve the right to remove, or not credit you, any program points related to the returned purchase. the decision to remove or withhold program points will be made in our sole discretion. refunds are governed by our return and exchange policy. free book credits for every 500 program points you earn, you will receive a credit for a free book (a “free book credit”). a free book credit may be used to purchase any book available on thriftbooks.com or the thriftbooks mobile app that has a value of $5.00 or less. free book credits may not be used toward the purchase of a book with greater than a $5.00 value. we reserve the right to change the value of our books at any time, without notice, regardless of whether a book was previously free book credit-eligible. you will not earn program points for books purchased using free book credits. free book credits will be added to your account once you have earned the required number of program points and will expire 90 days from the date of issuance. any free book credits that you have available at the time you add a free book credit-eligible book to your cart will be automatically applied at check out. you will be responsible for tax and shipping charges on any book purchased using free book credits. the listed value of the free book will be applied toward calculating purchase minimums for any applicable free or discounted shipping offers. additional benefits and offers we may provide additional benefits or offers to all or select program participants by notifying program participants via email, push notification for mobile app users, or by posting the details of such benefits or promotions online at thriftbooks.com or in the thriftbooks mobile app. we reserve the right to base such benefits or offers on reward points earned, benefit level reached, personal behaviour and preferences, or any other criteria in our sole discretion. modification of books bonus program the program is a modification of and replacement for the thriftbooks book bonus program (“bbp”). as of the effective date of this agreement, you will no longer be able to earn coupons through accruing cumulative dollar spend under the bbp. on the effective date, previously accrued dollar spend that has not been converted into a coupon will convert to program points according to the benefit level the program participant qualifies for under section 6 below. previously earned and unredeemed bbp coupons (including, but not limited to $5 off coupons, tell-a-friend coupons, and birthday coupons) may be redeemed for thriftbooks purchases prior to the expiration date of the coupon, but no later than one year after the effective date. benefit levels program participants will qualify for one of the following levels of benefits based on the amount of qualifying purchases made. program participants who previously participated in the bbp will qualify for a benefit level based on their historic thriftbooks purchases. your benefit level will be automatically updated on your account within 30 days of any event that gives rise to a change in benefit level. we reserve the right to modify the benefits offered at each level at any time, without notice to you. reader all active program participants will qualify for reader level. program participants at the reader level will earn program points at a rate of one point per $0.125 spent on qualifying purchases. a program participant must make at least $10 in qualifying purchases during the preceding 12 months to retain all points earned at the reader level. literati a program participant who has made at least $100 in qualifying purchases during the preceding 12 months will qualify for literati level. program participants at the literati level will earn program points at a rate of one point per $0.10 spent on qualifying purchases. in addition, program participants at the literati level may receive early access to certain promotions. cumulative qualifying purchases will be calculated on a rolling basis from each date of purchase to determine the program participant’s right to benefits under this section. we may offer additional promotions or bonus program points for specific types of purchases as we determine in our sole discretion. amendments, modifications, and termination of program we reserve the right to modify this agreement or its policies relating to the program at any time, with or without notice, effective upon posting of an updated version of this agreement at www.thriftbooks.com. we reserve the right to terminate the program at any time, for any reason, even though termination may adversely affect your ability to receive and/or use program benefits. you will have the lesser of the then-remaining term of any program benefit or 30 days from the date program termination is announced to use any unexpired program benefit. you are responsible for regularly reviewing this agreement, and your continued participation in the program after any changes have been made will constitute your consent to such changes. miscellaneous conflict with terms and conditions this agreement complements and incorporates by reference the thriftbooks terms and conditions. in the event of any conflict between this agreement and the thriftbooks terms and conditions, the thriftbooks terms and conditions control. membership fees; no cash value there are no membership fees associated with the program or program points. program points accumulated under the program are promotional and have no cash value. program points have no purpose or use except in exchange for benefits or privileges offered by us under the program. benefits personal to participant; no transfer your program points, free book credits, any other benefits you receive under the program, and your account under the program are personal to you and may not be sold, transferred or assigned to, or shared with, family, friends or others, or used by you for any commercial purpose. you may have only one program account that is personal to you. right to terminate program account we reserve the right to suspend or terminate your account and/or your participation in the program without notice to you if we determine in our sole discretion that you have violated this agreement or that the use of your account is unauthorized, deceptive, fraudulent or otherwise unlawful. we may, in our sole discretion, suspend, cancel or combine accounts that appear to be duplicative. if we terminate your account in accordance with this section, we will not be obligated to provide you with program benefits after the termination date. if you re-registered an account or create a separate account, you may not transfer your old program participation or benefits to your new registered account. if we terminate your account or participation in the program for any reason, all accumulated program points in your account are void. if you have any questions or concerns regarding any of the terms of this agreement, please feel free to contact us at readingrewards@thriftbooks.com. read less top of page my account billing shipping return policy help & support contact us careers about thriftbooks testimonials wholesale buyers affiliate program library partnerships corrections libraries get the thriftbooks mobile app © 2018 thriftbooks.com terms of use privacy policy thriftbooks® and the thriftbooks® logo are registered trademarks of thrift books global, llc popular categories children's teen and young adult self-help literature & fiction mystery & thriller sci-fi & fantasy romance large print books rare & collectible books website testimonials gift cards blog tell-a-friend my account settings shopping cart order history wish list information shipping costs about thriftbooks in the press partnerships buy from us wholesale become an affiliate are you a library? corrections libraries quick help help & support billing return policy contact us careers thriftbooks sells millions of used books at the lowest everyday prices. we personally assess every book's quality and offer rare, out-of-print treasures. we deliver the joy of reading in 100% recycled packaging with free standard shipping on u.s. orders over $10. thriftbooks.com – read more. save more. follow us copyright © 2018 thriftbooks.com terms of use | privacy policy thriftbooks® and the thriftbooks® logo are registered trademarks of thrift books global, llc