来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20191229213220/https://www.thriftbooks.com/privacy-policy/
================================================================================

privacy policy | new & used books from thriftbooks skip to content menu button search privacy policy your privacy matters to us. welcome to thriftbooks. we are committed to protecting your privacy in all aspects of our business. this privacy policy explains what information we collect from you, how we use that information, and some rights you have with respect to the information we collect. by using any of the thriftbooks websites, services, applications, or products (collectively, our "services"), you agree to be bound by this policy. if you do not wish to be bound by this policy, please do not use our services. what information we collect and how we use it: when you visit any of our websites, including thriftbooks.com and bookclubhub.com, thriftbooks collects your ip address, internet service provider description, information about the type of device use you to access our websites, and browser information. we also deposit and collect information from cookies, as described in more detail in section 10 of this policy. we use this information to help diagnose problems with and secure our servers, to administer the proper functioning and legitimate use of our websites, and to improve the nature and marketing of the services. your ip address is also used to gather broad demographic information that does not personally identify you. when you request more information about an item, thriftbooks collects your email address or phone number or both, so that we can respond to your request. when you set up an account with us, we collect your full name and email address and require you to choose a password (your "account information"). you must set up an account with thriftbooks to order from us or use other thriftbooks services (as explained in our terms of use), and we use the information to identify and administer your account. when you order from us, we collect your name, shipping address, telephone number, email address, credit card number, credit card billing address, credit card expiration date, and credit card verification value (cvv) code (your "order information"). this order information is necessary for us to use to process your order, to notify you of your order status, and to fulfill your orders. we do not save your credit card information unless you check the box asking us to. when you order from any third party marketplace of which we are a part (for example, amazon or ebay), the third party marketplace will provide to us certain information, including order information, that we will use to process your order, to notify you of your order status, and to fulfill your orders. we are not responsible for the terms of the breach of any agreement between you and any third party marketplace, and your personal information is subject to their policies and ours. email messages from thriftbooks if you create a thriftbooks account, thriftbooks may use your account information to send to you email or other communications containing information about thriftbooks and other matters thriftbooks believes will interest you. at any time, you may alter your communication preferences by logging into your account and choosing the email communications you want to receive via the email preferences menu. also, each email thriftbooks sends to you will tell you how to stop receiving further email from thriftbooks. please note that you must receive at least some emails to be able to place orders. also, you may not opt out of receiving email containing important information regarding your rights and responsibilities with respect to our services. how we protect your information in all of our services, we have security measures in place to protect the loss, misuse, and alteration of the information under our control. when you place orders or access your account information, we use a secure server. the secure server layer (ssl) encrypts all information you input before it is sent to us. all of the customer data we collect is similarly protected against unauthorized access. that being said, no measures are guaranteed to be 100% secure. you should take steps to protect against unauthorized access to your device and account, including to (1) choose a robust password that nobody else knows or can easily guess and (2) keep your log-in and password private. we are not responsible for any lost, stolen, or compromised passwords or for any activity on your account via unauthorized password activity. when we may disclose your information thriftbooks may disclose your personal information in the following circumstances and as otherwise permitted by applicable law: disclosure to authorizing persons if you use the services on behalf of another person or organization (such as your employer), thriftbooks may provide your personal information to that authorizing person/organization. thriftbooks has no control over the use of your personal information by the authorizing person/organization, and that use is not subject to this policy. if you do not wish your personal information to be disclosed to the person/organization on whose behalf you use the services, you may not use the services. disclosure to affiliates, booksellers, suppliers, and service providers thriftbooks may provide your personal information to its affiliated businesses or suppliers and service providers for use in connection with the operation of our websites and as desirable to procure and deliver the services. for example, thriftbooks discloses certain of your personal information to your credit card provider and the shipping company in order to facilitate the purchase of books through the services. thriftbooks may also disclose certain of your personal information to service providers that analyze website or other product use, so they can help us to better provide and market the services. thriftbooks may also disclose the information to its legal and other professional counsel. thriftbooks requires its affiliated businesses, suppliers, and service providers to agree to use your personal information only for the purposes for which it is provided to them and to protect the privacy of your personal information in a manner that is consistent with this policy. if you do not wish for your personal information to be disclosed to thriftbooks' affiliated businesses, booksellers, suppliers, and service providers, you may not create a thriftbooks account or order books through our websites or otherwise use the services. disclosures for analytics thriftbooks.com and the thriftbooks app use the clicktale customer experience analytics services. this services helps us analyze how visitors use our website. we do not collect any personal identifiable information through clicktale or transfer personal identifiable information to clicktale. we only use this service to record, on a completely anonymous basis, information such as mouse clicks, mouse movements, scrolling activity as well as non-personally identifiable information text you type in this website. clicktale does not create user profiles for the purpose of tracking a user across unrelated web sites and will only use such information pursuant to their privacy policy located at http://www.clicktale.com/company/privacy-service. you can choose to disable the clicktale service at http://www.clicktale.net/disable.html. disclosure in business transfers thriftbooks may be involved in the sale or transfer of some or all of its business. as part of that sale or transfer, thriftbooks may disclose your personal information to any actual or potential acquiring organization, but thriftbooks will require the actual or potential acquiring organization to agree to protect the privacy of your personal information in a manner that is consistent with this policy. thriftbooks is not liable for the actual or potential acquiring organization's use and disclosure of your personal information. law enforcement and legal disclosure thriftbooks may disclose your personal information to a government institution that has asserted its lawful authority to obtain the information. thriftbooks may also disclose your personal information if thriftbooks has reasonable grounds to believe the information could be useful in the investigation of unlawful activity. thiftbooks may also disclose your personal information to comply with a subpoena or warrant or an order made by a court, person, or body with jurisdiction to compel the production of information, or to comply with court rules regarding the production of records and information. thriftbooks has no control over, or liability for, those persons' use and disclosure of your personal information, and that use and disclosure is not subject to this policy. disclosure of aggregated and de-indentified information thriftbooks may provide and sell aggregate statistics about our customers, sales, traffic patterns, and related website and product information to third parties, but these statistics will include no personally identifying information. for example, we will not tell our business partners that you bought a particular item, but we may tell those business partners how many customers in demographic groups bought certain items, and your information may be used to place you in that demographic group. to the extent permitted or required by applicable law, you can opt-out of having your information shared with a third party that is not our agent, by contacting us at support@thriftbooks.com. however, please note that opting-out of information sharing or collection may affect your ability to use the thriftbooks services. transfers of personal information the service is hosted and operated in the united states ("u.s."), through thriftbooks. if you do not reside in the u.s., laws in the u.s. (and other countries) may differ from the laws where you reside. by using the service, you acknowledge that any personal information about you, regardless of whether provided by you or obtained from a third party, is being provided to thriftbooks in the u.s. and will be hosted on u.s. servers, and you authorize thriftbooks to transfer, store, host and process your information to and in the u.s. and in other countries at the discretion of thriftbooks. you consent to transfer of your data to the u.s. pursuant to the standard data protection clauses promulgated by the ec. processing grounds we will only use your personal information if we have a lawful basis for doing so. lawful bases for processing include consent, contractual necessity, and our "legitimate interests" or the legitimate interest of others, as further described below. contractual necessity we process some personal information because we need to process the data to perform under our terms of use with you, which enables us to provide you with the thriftbooks services (as defined in the conditions of use). when we process data due to contractual necessity, failure to provide such personal information will result in your inability to use some or all portions of the services that require such data. legitimate interest we may process personal information when we believe doing so furthers our legitimate interest. our legitimate interests may include operation and improvement of the services; marketing the services; provision of customer support; protection from fraud or security threats; completion of corporate transactions; and compliance with legal obligations. consent in some cases, we process personal information based on the consent you expressly grant to us at the time we collect such data. when we process personal information based on your consent, it will be expressly indicated to you at the point and time of collection. to withdraw your consent, please email us at support@thriftbooks.com. other processing grounds from time to time we may also need to process personal information to comply with a legal obligation, if it is necessary to protect the vital interests of you or other data subjects, or if it is necessary for a task carried out in the public interest. data retention we keep the data we collect for so long as reasonably necessary to fulfill the purposes for which the data was collected, to perform our contractual and legal obligations, and for any applicable statute of limitations periods for the purposes of bringing and defending claims. rights you have with regard to your data you have certain rights with respect to your personal information, and we want to help you review and update your information to ensure it is accurate and up-to-date. we may limit or reject your request in certain cases, such as if it is frivolous or extremely impractical, if it jeopardizes the rights of others, if it is not required by law, or if the burden or expense of providing access would be disproportionate to the risks to your privacy in the case in question. in some cases, we may also need you to provide us with additional information, which may include personal information, to verify your identity and the nature of your request. we will take reasonable steps to respond to all requests within 30 days. if you wish to exercise any of the following rights, you may do so by contacting us at support@thriftbooks.com: access you can request more information about the personal information we hold about you and request a copy of such personal information. rectification if you believe that any personal information we are holding about you is incorrect or incomplete, you can request that we correct or supplement such data. erasure you can request that we erase some or all of your personal information from our systems. please note that if you request the deletion of information required to provide the service to you, your account will be deactivated and you will lose access to the service. portability you can ask for a copy of your personal information in a machine-readable format. you can also request that we transmit the data to another controller where technically feasible. withdrawal of consent if we are processing your personal information based on your consent (as indicated at the time of collection of such data), you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time. please note, however, that if you exercise this right, you may have to then provide express consent on a case-by-case basis for the use or disclosure of certain of your personal information, if such use or disclosure is necessary to enable you to utilize some or all of our service. objection you can contact us to let us know that you object to the further use or disclosure of your personal information for certain purposes, such as for marketing purposes. restriction of processing you can ask us to restrict further processing of your personal information. you also have the right to lodge a complaint about thriftbooks' practices with respect to your personal information with the supervisory authority of your country or eu member state. links to other websites the thriftbooks website and products contain links to other sites, operated by third parties, that we think may be of interest to you. thriftbooks encourages third parties to follow appropriate privacy standards and policies, but is not responsible for the actions of those parties, the content of their websites, or any products or services they may offer. and thriftbooks makes no representations regarding the privacy practices of any third party website you may access by url contained on thriftbook's websites, applications, or communications. cookies the thriftbooks website uses "cookies" and similar technology to collect and store information via your browser and on your computer's hard drive. the information we receive via cookies and similar technology do not contain any personally identifying information, but they do enable us to provide a shopping cart and to store your shipping and billing information between visits. if youve set your browser to reject cookies, you can still use our site, but you will not be able to purchase items. cookies and similar technologies may also be used by our affiliates and advertisers. thriftbooks encourages anyone who uses cookies to follow appropriate privacy standards and policies, but is not responsible for cookies placed by third parties. children's privacy at thriftbooks, we understand that children's privacy is important. the thriftbooks site is not intended for use by children under the age of 16. if you are under age 16, you should not submit personal identifying information to thriftbooks without the consent of your parent or guardian. if you are a parent and want to limit your children's access to material you believe may be harmful to them, you may want to look into commercially available hardware, software, and filtering devices. if you are interested in learning about these protections, information is available at http://www.google.com/search?q=internet+filters and other similar sites. california disclosures california information-sharing disclosure if you are a california resident, you have the right to request a list of all third parties with respect to which we have disclosed any information about you for direct marketing purposes and what types of information we disclosed. california residents may request this list by emailing us at support@thriftbooks.com with "california privacy rights" in the subject line. do not track signals we do not currently recognize or respond to browser-initiated do not track signals as there is no consistent industry standard for compliance. changes to the policy we may modify this policy at any time. any changes to the policy will be effective from the time we publish the updated policy on our websites. by using the services after the changes have been implemented, you accept the new privacy policy. if you do not consent to the terms of the updated policy, you must stop using the services. contact us thriftbooks welcomes your questions and comments about privacy. you may contact us at any time at support@thriftbooks.com or at thrift books global, llc, 18300 cascade ave s #150, tukwila, wa 98188. top of page my accountbillingshippingreturn policyhelp & supportcontact usview desktop sitecareersabout thriftbookstestimonialsbuy wholesaleaffiliate programlibrary partnershipscorrections libraries get the thriftbooks mobile app link to facebook link to twitter link to pinterest link to tumblr link to instagram © 2020 thriftbooks.com terms of use privacy policy accessibility statement thriftbooks® and the thriftbooks® logo are registered trademarks of thrift books global, llc