来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20201229090342/https://www.thriftbooks.com/privacy-policy/
================================================================================

new & used books from thriftbooks - buy cheap books for sale online skip to content search button featured books collectible books movies & tv music video games blog readingrewards: earn up to 200+ pointsmore books = more points! filter books privacy policy your privacy matters to us. last updated: august 12, 2020 welcome to thriftbooks. we are committed to protecting your privacy in all aspects of our business. this privacy policy explains what information we collect from you, how we use that information, and some rights you have with respect to the information we collect. by using any of the thriftbooks websites, services, applications, or products (collectively, our "services"), you agree to be bound by this policy. if you do not wish to be bound by this policy, please do not use our services. please read this document carefully because this privacy policy ("policy"), along with our terms of use, incorporated by reference, describe the legally binding agreement between you (referred to hereinafter as, "you," "your", "user," "guest", or "visitor") and us. our privacy policy may be updated from time to time, and we will notify you of any material changes by posting the new privacy policy to our website ("site"). your continued use of the site thereafter shall constitute immediate acceptance of all revised, modified and/or amended terms to this policy. however, you should review the most up-to-date version of the policy from time-to-time on the site. we will notify you of any material changes, amendments or modifications to the policy through the site, or through other communication. in the event you choose not to agree and accept the new, modified or amended terms, you must cease use of the site. by accessing the site, you agree to comply with this policy, and that your visit and use of the site, and any dispute directly arising out of your use or misuse, shall be governed by this policy. nothing in this policy shall be deemed to confer any third-party rights or benefits. our partners, affiliates, vendors, and/or third-party websites may have additional privacy policy terms, restrictions, limitations, and data collection and protection practices that you should review separately and independently from this policy. we are not liable for the data collection, storage, and usage practices of any third-party affiliate, vendor, licensor, or the like. data definitions. personal information. in order to better provide you with products and services offered on our site, we may collect personally identifiable information that can be used to contact or identify you, and information on your use of and activities at our site that may be connected with you or your household ("personal information"). personal information that we collect may include, but is not limited to, your name, email address, payment information, and location. personal information may also include information you supply to us concerning your preferences and interests expressed in the course of use of our site, as well as the content which you have viewed on the site. your use of the site to record your preferences, identify content relevant to you, and otherwise personalize your activity in relation to the site is intended for your benefit; however, we want to make you aware as described below how we use your personal information. you may also be required to provide certain personal information to us when you elect to use certain products or services available on the site. these may include: (a) registering for an account on our site; (b) purchasing products or placing an order on our site; (c) signing up for special offers from us or selected third parties; (d) sending us an email message; (e) submitting your credit card or other payment information when ordering and purchasing products and services on our site. we will use your information for, but not limited to, communicating with you in relation to services and/or products you have requested from us. we also may gather additional personal or non-personal information in the future in order to provide you with our services and the site. navigational information. when you visit the site, our servers automatically record information that your browser sends whenever you visit a website. this information may include, but is not limited to, your computer's internet protocol address, browser type, the web page you were visiting before you came to our site, access times and information you search for on our site ("navigational information"). navigational information is used for the operation of our services, to maintain quality of our services, and to provide general statistics regarding use of the site. cookies. like many websites, we may also use "cookies" to collect information. a cookie is a small data file that we transfer to your computer's hard disk for record-keeping purposes. we may use "persistent cookies" to save your username and password for future logins to the site; and we may use "session id cookies" to enable certain features of the site, to better understand how you interact with the site, and to monitor aggregate usage and web traffic routing on the site. you can instruct your browser, by changing its options, to stop accepting cookies or to prompt you before accepting a cookie from the website you visit. if you do not accept cookies, however, you may not be able to use all portions of the site or all functionality of our services. information about minors/children. we never collect, sell, share, or store data or personal information from minors or children under the age of 16. the only information we collect, store, and use to provide the services is the personal information of the account creator, who must be above the age of 18. individuals below the age of 18 ("minors") shall not be allowed to create an account on the site without the express permission of a legal guardian or parent. if you become aware that thriftbooks has collected personal information from a minor without parental or legal guardian consent, please let us know by contacting us at support@thriftbooks.com, so we can take appropriate action. to prevent inadvertent disclosure of personal information while using our services or site, assist in effective use of information, and ensure appropriate use of the site, we strongly encourage the parent or guardian of any minor to actively guide any interactions with and/or use of the site. if you are a parent and want to limit your children's access to material you believe may be harmful to them, you may want to look into commercially available hardware, software, and filtering devices. if you are interested in learning about these protections, information is available at http://www.google.com/search?q=internet+filters and other similar sites. information we collect. when you visit our site, including thriftbooks.com, thriftbooks collects your ip address, internet service provider description, information about the type of device use you to access our site, and browser information. we also deposit and collect information from cookies, as described in more detail in section 10 of this policy. we use this information to help diagnose problems with and secure our servers, to administer the proper functioning and legitimate use of our site, and to improve the nature and marketing of the services. your ip address is also used to gather broad demographic information that does not personally identify you. when you request more information about an item, thriftbooks collects your email address or phone number or both, so that we can respond to your request. when you set up an account with us, we collect your full name and email address and require you to choose a password (your "account information"). we use the information you provide to us upon creating an account to identify and administer your account. we use this information to fulfill your order and communicate with you about offers, promotions, discounts, and updates. you have the right to opt-out of communications from us, but you cannot opt out of communications that we send you regarding your account. when you order from us, we collect your name, shipping address, telephone number, email address, credit card number, credit card billing address, credit card expiration date, and credit card verification value (ccv) code (your "order information"). this order information is necessary for us to use to process your order, to notify you of your order status, and to fulfill your orders. we do not save your credit card information unless you check the box asking us to. when you order from any third party marketplace of which we are a part (for example, amazon or ebay), the third party marketplace will provide to us certain information, including order information, that we will use to process your order, to notify you of your order status, and to fulfill your orders. we are not responsible for the terms of or any breach of any agreement between you and any third-party marketplace, and your personal information is subject to their policies and ours. how we use your information. thrift books uses your personal information to create your account, communicate with you, process your transactions with us, and provide you with our products and services. we never sell your personal information. further, we use personal information collected via the site for a variety of business purposes described below: to facilitate account creation and logon process; to send you marketing and promotional communications; to send administrative information and notices to you regarding your account; to fulfill and manage orders, returns, refunds, features, and other purchases or requests made by you; to deliver targeted advertising to you unless you opt out from receiving such advertising; to administer promotions, offers, digital codes, or discounts; to request feedback and to contact you about your use of the site; to protect our site from fraud monitoring and prevention; to enforce our terms, conditions and policies; to respond to legal requests, subpoenas, court orders and to prevent harm; to manage user accounts; to deliver services to the user; to respond to user inquiries/offer support to users; and to respond to any data privacy requests. we may use your data for internal business purposes, such as data analysis, identifying usage trends, determining the effectiveness of our promotional campaigns, and to evaluate and improve our services or site, products, marketing, and your experience. we may use and store this information in aggregated and anonymized form so that it is not associated with individual end users and does not include personal information. we will not use identifiable personal information without your consent. we may post user testimonials and comments on our site upon written notice to you, which may contain personal information. you have the right to request removal of such testimonial and/or comment(s) upon receiving our written notice. email messages from thriftbooks if you create a thriftbooks account, thriftbooks may use your account information to send to you emails or other communications containing information about thriftbooks and other matters thriftbooks believes will interest you. at any time, you may alter your communication preferences by logging into your account and choosing the email communications you want to receive via the email preferences menu. also, each email thriftbooks sends to you will tell you how to stop receiving further email from thriftbooks. please note that you must receive at least some emails to be able to place orders. also, you may not opt out of receiving email containing important information regarding your rights and responsibilities with respect to our services. how we protect your data. in all of our services, we have security measures in place to protect the loss, misuse, and alteration of the information under our control. when you place orders or access your account information, we use a secure server. the secure server layer (ssl) encrypts all information you input before it is sent to us. all of the customer data we collect is similarly protected against unauthorized access. that being said, no measures are guaranteed to be 100% secure. you should take steps to protect against unauthorized access to your device and account, including to (1) choose a robust password that nobody else knows or can easily guess and (2) keep your login and password private. we are not responsible for any lost, stolen, or compromised passwords or for any activity on your account via unauthorized password activity. we may store your data on servers provided by third-party hosting vendors with whom we have contracted. to facilitate global operations, we may transfer and access personal information from around the world, including to servers located inside or outside the united states. by providing information to us, you consent to the transfer and storage of personal information in these locations. we use the following technical safeguards to keep your data safe and secure: unique password requirements and limited employee access; destruction, deletion, or de-identification of data; industry standard security protocols; employee training on how to handle sensitive data, breach notice and procedures; secure technology (ssl), server authentication and data encryption and use of firewall to host data; designated security coordinator or team on the thriftbooks team; sub-processors and third parties are bound to same security practice obligations; backups; and periodic audits. when we may disclose data. thriftbooks may disclose your personal information in the following circumstances and as otherwise permitted by applicable law: disclosure to authorized persons. if you use the services on behalf of another person or organization (such as your employer), thriftbooks may provide your personal information to that authorizing person/organization. thriftbooks has no control over the use of your personal information by the authorizing person/organization, and that use is not subject to this policy. if you do not wish your personal information to be disclosed to the person/organization on whose behalf you use the services, you may not use the services. disclosure to affiliates, booksellers, suppliers, and service providers who need such information. thriftbooks may provide your personal information to its affiliated businesses or suppliers and service providers for use in connection with the operation of our site and as desirable to procure and deliver the services. for example, thriftbooks discloses certain of your personal information to your credit card provider and the shipping company in order to facilitate the purchase of books through the services. thriftbooks may also disclose certain of your personal information to service providers that analyze our site or other product use, so they can help us to better provide and market the services. we only send our affiliates and service providers the personal information required to help us operate our business. thriftbooks may also disclose the information to its legal and other professional counsel. thriftbooks requires its affiliated businesses, suppliers, and service providers to agree to use your personal information only for the purposes for which it is provided to them and to protect the privacy of your personal information in a manner that is consistent with this policy. if you do not wish for your personal information to be disclosed to thriftbooks-affiliated businesses, booksellers, suppliers, and service providers, you may not create a thriftbooks account or order books through our site or otherwise use the services, unless there is an applicable data privacy right giving us legal authority to allow you to opt-out-of-sale or transfer of your personal information. california residents have the right to opt-out-of-sale of their personal information and can do so upon a verified request. to learn more about opting-out-of-sale of personal information, please visit our "do not sell my personal information" page located here: https://www.thriftbooks.com/b/do-not-sell-my-personal-information/. disclosures for analytics thriftbooks.com and the thriftbooks app use the optimizely customer experience analytics services. these services help us analyze how visitors use our site. we do not collect any personal identifiable information through optimizely or transfer personal identifiable information to either service provider. we only use these services to record, on a completely anonymous basis, information such as mouse clicks, mouse movements, scrolling activity as well as non-personally identifiable information text you type in this site. optimizely does not create user profiles for the purpose of tracking a user across unrelated websites and will only use such information pursuant to their privacy policies (located at https://www.optimizely.com/privacy/). you can choose to disable the optimizely service at https://www.optimizely.com/legal/opt-out/. disclosure in business transfers thriftbooks may be involved in the sale or transfer of some or all of its business. as part of that sale or transfer, thriftbooks may disclose your personal information to any actual or potential acquiring organization, but thriftbooks will require the actual or potential acquiring organization to agree to protect the privacy of your personal information in a manner that is consistent with this policy or a similar policy. thriftbooks is not liable for the actual or potential acquiring organization's use and disclosure of your personal information. law enforcement and legal obligations. thriftbooks may disclose your personal information to a government institution that has asserted its lawful authority to obtain the information. thriftbooks may also disclose your personal information if thriftbooks has reasonable grounds to believe the personal information could be useful in the investigation of unlawful activity. thriftbooks may also disclose your personal information to comply with a subpoena, judgment, or warrant or an order made by a court, person, or body with jurisdiction to compel the production of information, or to comply with court rules regarding the production of records and information. thriftbooks has no control over, or liability for, those persons' use and disclosure of your personal information, and their use and disclosure is not subject to this policy. disclosure of aggregated and de-identified information.thriftbooks may provide and sell aggregate statistics about our customers, sales, traffic patterns, and related website and product information to third parties, but these statistics will include no personally identifying information. all information used will be de-identified or anonymized upon aggregation. for example, we will not tell our business partners that you bought a particular item, but we may tell those business partners how many customers in demographic groups bought that certain item, and your personal information may be used to place you in that demographic group. to the extent permitted or required by applicable law, you can opt-out of having your information shared with a third party that is not our agent, by contacting us at support@thriftbooks.com. however, please note that opting-out of information sharing or collection may affect your ability to use the thriftbooks services. if you are a california resident, you may also have the right to opt-out-of-sale of the personal information provided to us, and can do so by emailing us at ccpa@thriftbooks.com or visiting our "do not sell my personal information" page located here https://www.thriftbooks.com/b/do-not-sell-my-personal-information/. transfers of personal information. the service is hosted and operated in the united states ("u.s."), through thriftbooks. if you do not reside in the u.s., laws in the u.s. (and other countries) may differ from the laws where you reside. by using the service, you acknowledge that any personal information about you, regardless of whether provided by you or obtained from a third party, is being provided to thriftbooks in the u.s. and will be hosted on u.s. servers, and you authorize thriftbooks to transfer, store, host, and process your information to and in the u.s. and in other countries at the discretion of thriftbooks. you consent to the transfer of your data to the u.s. pursuant to the standard data protection clauses promulgated by the ec. you consent to receiving any personal information or data request in an electronic format. processing grounds. we will only use your personal information outside the scope of this policy if we have your consent or if we have a lawful basis for doing so. lawful bases for processing include contractual necessity, and our "legitimate interests" or the legitimate interest of others, as further described below. you have the right to request that your personal information or data not be processed by us. however, this may impair the quality of and our ability to deliver our services. contractual necessity we process some personal information because we need to process the data to perform under our terms of use with you, which enables us to provide you with the thriftbooks services (as defined in the conditions of use). when we process data due to contractual necessity, failure to provide such personal information will result in your inability to use some or all portions of the services that require such data. legitimate interest we may process personal information when we believe doing so furthers our legitimate interest. our legitimate interests may include operation and improvement of the services; marketing the services; provision of customer support; protection from fraud or security threats; completion of corporate transactions; and compliance with legal obligations. consent in some cases, we process personal information based on the consent you expressly grant to us at the time we collect such data. when we process personal information based on your consent, it will be expressly indicated to you at the point and time of collection. to withdraw your consent, please email us at support@thriftbooks.com, or to exercise your ccpa right to opt-out-of-sale of personal information, please email us at ccpa@thriftbooks.com, or visit the "do not sell my personal information" page located here: https://www.thriftbooks.com/b/do-not-sell-my-personal-information/. other processing grounds. from time to time we may also need to process personal information to comply with a legal obligation, if it is necessary to protect the vital interests of you or other data subjects, or if it is necessary for a task carried out in the public interest. data retention. we keep the data we collect for so long as reasonably necessary to fulfill the purposes for which the data was collected, to perform our contractual and legal obligations, and for any applicable statute of limitations periods for the purposes of bringing and defending claims. we may also indefinitely retain aggregated, anonymized, and/or de-identified data. pursuant to the ccpa, we will securely retain data logs and records of data requests, outcomes, and response and correspondence timelines for at least 24 months. when we have no ongoing legitimate business need to process your data, we will either delete, de-identify, or anonymize it. if this is not possible (for example, because your data has been stored in backup archives), then we will securely store your data and isolate it from any further processing until deletion is possible. we retain information derived from cookies and other tracking technologies for a reasonable period of time from the date such information was created. breach notification. in the event of an actual data breach or the unauthorized access or disclosure of any sensitive or personal data, we will notify you in writing as soon as possible outlining the following information: what happened (date of breach is possible, or estimated date of incident, or the date range within which the breached occurred); what information was involved (list the type of personal information); what we are doing to help resolve or mitigate the issue (and if there was any delay in providing this notice due to law enforcement investigation); what you can do to help us; how you can get more information or contact us; information about what we have done to protect individuals whose information has been breached; advice on steps that the person whose information has been breached may take to protect himself or herself; and information about the steps we have taken to cure the breach and the estimated timeframe for such cure. your data rights. you have certain rights with respect to your personal information, and we want to help you review and update your information to ensure it is accurate and up to date. we may limit or reject your request in certain cases, such as if it is frivolous or extremely impractical, if it jeopardizes the rights of others, if it is not required by law, or if the burden or expense of providing access would be disproportionate to the risks to your privacy in the case in question. in some cases, we may also need you to provide us with additional information to verify your identity and the nature of your request. we will take reasonable steps to respond to all requests within 45 days. if you wish to exercise any of the following rights, you may do so by contacting us at support@thriftbooks.com if you are not a california resident, and you can contact us at ccpa@thriftbooks.com if you are a california resident: access/view you can request more information about the personal information we hold about you and request a copy of such personal information. if you have an account with us, you can view/access your personal information through your account. rectification if you believe that any personal information we are holding about you is incorrect or incomplete, you can request that we correct or supplement such data. you can edit, modify, and delete your contact information, address, email address, payment information, and date of birth within your account. deletion you can request that we delete some or all of your personal information from our systems. please note that if you request the deletion of information that is required to provide the service to you, such as your name, email address, address or payment information, you may not be able to use the services or site. if any personal information is collected through the use of the services, we will ensure that it is anonymized or de-identified to make it unreadable or indecipherable, upon your account deletion or cancellation, unless required to be retained in original form pursuant to law enforcement, legal proceeding, court order, or subpoena. portability you can ask for a copy of your personal information to be provided to you in a machine-readable format. you can also request that we transmit the personal information to another controller where technically feasible. withdrawal of consent if we are processing your personal information based on your consent (as indicated at the time of collection of such data), you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time. please note, however, that if you exercise this right, you may have to then provide express consent on a case-by-case basis for the use or disclosure of certain of your personal information, if such use or disclosure is necessary to enable you to utilize some or all of our service. you can also opt-out of all marketing communications from us by clicking on the "unsubscribe" button at the bottom of those emails. objection you can contact us to let us know that you object to the further use, processing, or disclosure of your personal information for certain purposes, such as for marketing purposes. restriction of processing you can ask us to restrict further processing of your personal information, and/or opt-out-of-sale of your personal information. complaint. you also have the right to lodge a complaint about thriftbooks' practices with respect to your personal information with the supervisory authority of your country or eu member state. links to other websites. the thriftbooks website and products contain links to other websites, operated by third parties, that we think may be of interest to you. thriftbooks encourages third parties to follow appropriate privacy standards and policies, but is not responsible for the actions of those parties, the content of their websites, or any products or services they may offer. and thriftbooks makes no representations regarding the privacy practices of any third-party website you may access by url contained on the thriftbook site, applications, or communications. cookies the thriftbooks website uses "cookies" and similar technology to collect and store information via your browser and on your computer's hard drive. the information we receive via cookies and similar technology do not contain any personally identifying information, but they do enable us to provide a shopping cart and to store your shipping and billing information between visits. if you've set your browser to reject cookies, you can still use our site, but you will not be able to purchase items. cookies and similar technologies may also be used by our affiliates and advertisers. thriftbooks encourages anyone who uses cookies to follow appropriate privacy standards and policies, but is not responsible for cookies placed by third parties. california disclosures. if you are a california resident, you have certain additional rights with regard to your data under the california consumer privacy act of 2018 ("ccpa") and other state laws, as further described below. personal information collected. we will never sell your personal information without your prior written consent. we only share and transfer data and personal information so that we can provide the services, maintain our site, and help our partners and third-party affiliates provide the services to you. we do collect information that identifies, relates to, describes, references, is capable of being associated with, or could reasonably be linked, directly or indirectly, with a particular consumer or device. in particular, we have collected the following categories of personal information from our customers within the last 12 months, for the purposes described in this policy: identifiers, including your name, address, ip address, and email address; personal information from categories listed in the california customer records statute (cal. civ. code § 1798.80(e)), including your name, address, telephone number, and credit card information; commercial information, including records of the products you purchased and your purchasing history or tendencies; and internet activity, including your browsing history, search history, and information on your interaction with our website and application. personal information does not include publicly available information from government records, de-identified, anonymized, or aggregated consumer information, or other information excluded from the ccpa's scope. we will not collect additional categories of personal information or use the personal information we collected for materially different, unrelated, or incompatible purposes without providing you notice. by using the services and accepting this policy, you hereby agree that any anonymization and de-identification of personal information shall constitute a successful deletion upon a ccpa deletion request. you hereby acknowledge and understand that anonymized or de-identified data is not considered personal information under the ccpa. disclosing personal information in the preceding 12 months, we have disclosed the following categories of customers' personal information (as defined above) for the purposes described in this policy: identifiers; commercial information, including records of the products you purchased and your purchasing history or tendencies; internet activity, including your browsing history, search history, and information on your interaction with our website and application; and california customer records personal information categories. sale of personal information. in the preceding 12 months, we have not sold (offered personal information in consideration for any renumeration) any of our customers' personal information. your ccpa rights. pursuant to the ccpa, you have the following rights regarding your personal information: (1) right to notice; (2) right to access/right to request; (3) right to know; (4) right to delete; (5) right to opt-out; (6) right to not be discriminated against, and (7) right to notice of financial incentive. upon a verified request, we will provide you with this information or honor a deletion request, if possible and permissible by law. you have the right to request that your personal information be deleted, not processed, or shared. you can exercise these data rights by: (1) logging into your account on our site; (2) by calling us at our toll free number 1-888-979-1408, or (3) by emailing us at ccpa@thriftbooks.com. access to personal information and data portability rights. you have the right to request that we disclose certain information to you about our collection and use of your personal information over the past 12 months. this request can only be made 2 times within a 12-month period. if you have an account, you can make this request through the my data page of your account. once we receive and confirm your verifiable consumer request, we will disclose to you through a readily usable format: the categories of personal information we collected about you. the categories of sources for the personal information we collected about you. our business or commercial purpose for collecting or selling that personal information. the categories of third parties with whom we share that personal information. the specific pieces of personal information we collected about you (also called a data portability request). if we disclosed your personal information for a business purpose, the personal information categories that each category of recipient obtained. total or partial deletion request rights. you have the right to request that we delete all or a portion of your personal information that we have collected from you and retained, subject to certain exceptions. once we receive and confirm your verifiable consumer request, we will delete your personal information or make your personal information de-identified or anonymous (and direct our service providers to do the same), unless an exception applies. upon deletion, de-identification, or anonymization, we will not be able to honor any outstanding or earned rewards, points, or other promotions and offers, and we will be unable to process refunds or store credit earned. after deleting all of your data with us, you will be required to create a new account in order to use our services and to be eligible for any rewards, offers, programs, or promotions. after you delete all of your data with us, we will be unable to communicate with you, other than to confirm we have deleted your data, unless you contact us directly or sign up for our services again. after you delete your data with us, we will not be able to reinstate this account, nor will we be able to link another request or contact with your account. please note that we keep a record or log of all deletion requests for at least 24 months, which record retention does not violate the ccpa. we are not required to delete any requested data if (1) that information is required to complete a transaction for which the personal information was collected; (2) keeping the personal information is reasonably anticipated within the context of the thriftbooks ongoing business relationship with you; or (3) the request is unverifiable. we may deny your deletion request if retaining the information is necessary for us or our service providers to: complete the transaction for which we collected the personal information, provide a good or service that you requested, take actions reasonably anticipated within the context of our ongoing business relationship with you, or otherwise perform our contract with you; detect security incidents, protect against malicious, deceptive, fraudulent, or illegal activity, or prosecute those responsible for such activities; debug to identify and repair errors that impair existing intended functionality; exercise free speech, ensure the right of another consumer to exercise their free speech rights, or exercise another right provided for by law; comply with the california electronic communications privacy act (cal. penal code § 1546 seq.); engage in public or peer-reviewed scientific, historical, or statistical research in the public interest that adheres to all other applicable ethics and privacy laws, when the information's deletion may likely render impossible or seriously impair the research's achievement, if you previously provided informed consent; enable solely internal uses that are reasonably aligned with consumer expectations based on your relationship with us; or comply with a legal obligation. right to opt-out-of-sale you have the right to opt-out-of-sale of your personal information with thriftbooks. under the ccpa, the word "sell" has a broad definition, and includes any transfer or sharing of data, even for internal business purposes, or to provide the services/products. please note that we never offer the personal information that we collect for sale to third parties. personal information is only used to provide our services and is shared with required providers, such as our payment processors. rest assured, they are bound by strict data privacy practices, and do not share or sell your information either. if you choose to opt-out-of-sale, we may not be able to honor your request as we are not obligated to honor requests (1) where information is required to complete a transaction for which the personal information was collected; (2) where keeping the personal information is reasonably anticipated within the context of thriftbooks' ongoing business relationship with you; or (3) the request is unverifiable. to exercise your opt-out-of-sale right, please email us at ccpa@thriftbooks.com, visit your my data page through your account, or visit our "do not sell my personal information" page located here https://www.thriftbooks.com/b/do-not-sell-my-personal-information/. how to exercise your rights to exercise the access, data portability, and deletion rights described above, please submit a verifiable consumer request to us by either: emailing ccpa@thriftbooks.com with "california privacy rights" in the subject line; or accessing your account under "my account" and "privacy"; calling our toll free number 1-888-979-1408 only you or a person registered with the california secretary of state that you authorize to act on your behalf, may make a verifiable consumer request related to your personal information. you may also make a verifiable consumer request on behalf of your minor child. you may only make a verifiable consumer request for access or data portability twice within a 12-month period. the verifiable consumer request must (i) provide sufficient information that allows us to reasonably verify you are the person about whom we collected personal information or an authorized representative, and (ii) describe your request with sufficient detail that allows us to properly understand, evaluate, and respond to it. we will not be able respond to your request or provide you with personal information if we cannot verify your identity or authority to make the request and confirm the personal information relates to you. making a verifiable consumer request does not require you to create an account with us. however, if you do have an account with us, you can make a verifiable request through your account. we will only use personal information provided in a verifiable consumer request to verify the requestor's identity or authority to make the request. response timing and format. we endeavor to respond to a verifiable consumer request within 45 days of its receipt. if we require more time (up to 90 days total), we will inform you of the reason and extension period in writing within the initial 45-day period. if you have an account with us, we will deliver our written response to that account. if you do not have an account with us, we will deliver our written response by email electronically, at your option. any disclosures we provide will only cover the 12-month period preceding the verifiable consumer request's receipt. the response we provide will also explain the reasons we cannot comply with a request, if applicable. for data portability requests, we will select a format to provide your personal information that is readily usable and should allow you to transmit the information from one entity to another entity without hindrance. by writing to us, you agree to receive communication from us seeking information from you in order to verify you as the consumer from whom we have collected the data and such other information as reasonably required to enable us to honor your request. we do not charge a fee to process or respond to your verifiable consumer request unless it is excessive, repetitive, or manifestly unfounded. if we determine that the request warrants a fee, we will tell you why we made that decision and provide you with a cost estimate before completing your request. non-discrimination we will not discriminate against you for exercising any of your ccpa rights. unless permitted by the ccpa, we will not (i) deny you goods or services; (ii) charge you different prices or rates for goods or services, including through granting discounts or other benefits, or imposing penalties; (iii) provide you a different level or quality of goods or services; or (iv) suggest that you may receive a different price or rate for goods or services or a different level or quality of goods or services. however, if you request to delete, stop processing, or anonymize or de-identify your personal information, or delete your account, you will not be entitled to any outstanding and/or earned rewards, store credit, points, or similar offers or promotions associated with your account, we will be unable to process any refunds, and you may not be able to use the services depending on the information affected. do not track signals we do not currently recognize or respond to browser-initiated do not track signals as there is no consistent industry standard for compliance. privacy contact: thriftbooks welcomes your questions and comments about privacy. you may contact us at any time at support@thriftbooks.com or thrift books global, llc, 18300 cascade ave s #150, tukwila, wa 98188. ccpa contact: toll free number: 1-888-979-1408email: ccpa@thriftbooks.com popular categories children's teen and young adult self-help literature & fiction mystery & thriller sci-fi & fantasy romance large print books rare & collectible books website testimonials gift cards blog view mobile site my account settings shopping cart order history wish list partnerships wholesale library partnership corrections libraries quick help help & support shipping costs billing return policy contact us about us our story social responsibility our team careers our customers news thriftbooks sells millions of used books at the lowest everyday prices. we personally assess every book's quality and offer rare, out-of-print treasures. we deliver the joy of reading in 100% recyclable packaging with free standard shipping on us orders over $10. thriftbooks.com. read more. spend less. follow us link to facebook link to twitter link to pinterest link to tumblr link to instagram copyright © 2020 thriftbooks.com terms of use | privacy policy | do not sell my personal information | accessibility statement thriftbooks® and the thriftbooks® logo are registered trademarks of thrift books global, llc