来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20211230001307/https://www.thriftbooks.com/help/
================================================================================

help & support | new & used books from thriftbooks skip to content search button featured books collectible books movies & tv music video games blog help & support categories my account tracking & shipping collectible books technical pre-order backorders wish list billing readingrewards general returns and refunds gift cards my account track my order to track your order, click here or follow the steps below. to track your thriftbooks order on a desktop, follow these steps: log into your thriftbooks account click "your account" at the top right of the page select the order you would like to track by clicking on the teal order number scroll down and click "track package" please note, your order may have shipped from multiple locations across the us. if you are missing part of an order, be sure to check each shipment's tracking link for further details. this information will appear in your order history, just below the order details, next to each shipment number. in addition, we will also send you a shipment confirmation email with your available tracking information. online tracking information is not 100% reliable. missing or “stalled” tracking information can indicate that something has gone wrong with the shipment, or it can simply be the result of a missed scan along the way. please contact customer service if your order is not delivered within the estimated delivery time. for information on expected delivery times and rates, click here. on the thriftbooks mobile app, follow these steps: tap the 3 lines at the top left of the app select "my account" from the list tap "orders" tap "track shipment" if the "track shipment" option does not appear, we may not have tracking details yet. please allow 48 hours after placing the order for tracking to become available. online tracking information is not 100% reliable. missing or “stalled” tracking information can indicate that something has gone wrong with the shipment, or it can simply be the result of a missed scan along the way. please contact customer service if your order is not delivered within the estimated delivery time. for information on expected delivery times and rates, click here. delete saved credit card to delete an old credit or debit card on a desktop, follow these steps: log into your thriftbooks account click "your account" at the top right of the page over to the left of the page, select "payment preferences" click "delete" to remove an unwanted card on the thriftbooks mobile app, follow these steps: tap the 3 lines at the top left of the app select "my account" from the list tap "orders" tap the teal "account pages" box that appears at the top select "payment preferences" tap "delete" to remove an unwanted card cancel my order you can cancel your orders directly on thriftbooks in 3 easy steps! on desktop: click "your account" at the top right of the page if the order can be canceled, you’ll see “request cancelation” on the right-hand side click “request cancelation” to confirm please note, you will need to be logged into your thriftbooks account. if the “request cancelation” option does not appear, your order may have already begun the shipping process. please contact us for further assistance. on the thriftbooks mobile app, follow these steps: tap the 3 lines at the top left of the page select "my account" then click "orders" tap "request cancellation" if the “request cancelation” option does not appear, your order may have already begun the shipping process. please contact us for further assistance. where can i see all the items i've ordered? "my bookshelf" is a virtual bookshelf to display the books you have purchased from thriftbooks! to view all items you have ordered on thriftbooks.com from a desktop, follow these steps: log into your thriftbooks account click "your account" at the top right of the page click "my bookshelf" on the thriftbooks mobile app, follow these steps: tap on the 3 lines at the top left of the page tap "my account" select "orders" tap the teal "account pages" box that appears at the top tap "my bookshelf" where can i view the gift card i ordered? to view the details of your gift card order on a desktop, follow these steps: log into your thriftbooks account click "your account" at the top right of the page below your list of orders, you will see all listed gift card orders. click on an order number to open the details. on the thriftbooks mobile app, follow these steps: tap the 3 lines at the top left of the app select "my account" from the list tap "orders" below your list of orders, you will see all listed gift card orders. tap on an order number to open the details. i checked out as a "guest". can i add my recent order to my account? guest orders cannot be added to your account at this time. however, if you are a readingrewards member and would like to receive points for your guest order, please contact customer service here and we will assist you. where do i find my order number? to locate your order number on a desktop, follow these steps: log into your thriftbooks account click "your account" at the top right of the page click on an order number to open the details on the thriftbooks mobile app, follow these steps: tap the 3 lines at the top left of the page tap "my account" select "orders" from the list update my email preferences to update your email preferences and notification settings on a desktop, follow these steps: log into your thriftbooks account click "your account" at the top right of the page over to the left of the page, select "email preferences" uncheck the emails you no longer wish to receive and click "save" on the thriftbooks mobile app, follow these steps: tap the 3 lines at the top left of the app select "my account" from the list tap "orders" tap the teal "account pages" box that appears at the top select "email preferences" uncheck the emails you no longer wish to receive and click "save" change my password to change your thriftbooks account password on a desktop, follow these steps: log into your thriftbooks account click "your account" at the top right of the page over to the left of the page, select "password" and follow the prompts on the thriftbooks mobile app, follow these steps: tap the 3 lines at the top left of the app select "my account" from the list tap "orders" tap the teal "account pages" box that appears at the top select "password" and follow the prompts change my email address to update your email address on your thriftbooks account on a desktop, follow these steps: log into your thriftbooks account click "your account" at the top right of the page over to the left of the page, select "personal information" scroll down and edit your saved email address. on the thriftbooks mobile app, follow these steps: tap the 3 lines at the top left of the app select "my account" from the list tap "orders" tap the teal "account pages" box that appears at the top select "personal information" scroll down and edit your saved email address. delete old shipping address to delete an old shipping address on a desktop, follow these steps: log into your thriftbooks account click "your account" at the top right of the page over to the left of the page, select "addresses" click "delete" to remove an unwanted address on the thriftbooks mobile app, follow these steps: tap the 3 lines at the top left of the app select "my account" from the list tap "orders" tap the teal "account pages" box that appears at the top select "addresses" tap "delete" to remove an unwanted address add a new shipping address to add a new address to your thriftbooks account on a desktop, follow these steps: log into your thriftbooks account click "your account" at the top right of the page over to the left of the page, select "addresses" click "add new address" over to the right and follow the prompts on the thriftbooks mobile app, follow these steps: tap the 3 lines at the top left of the app select "my account" from the list tap "orders" tap the teal "account pages" box that appears at the top select "addresses" click "add new address" over to the right and follow the prompts what does "request cancellation" mean? the "request cancellation" text you see in your order history is not stating we have cancelled your order. this is a tool that allows customers to cancel their own orders within their account.your order has not been cancelled. once your order has been shipped, the "request cancellation" link will switch to a link that will allow you to track your order. view my order to view your thriftbooks order on a desktop, follow these steps: log into your thriftbooks account click "your account" at the top right of the page click on an order number to open the details on the thriftbooks mobile app, follow these steps: tap the 3 lines at the top left of the app select "my account" from the list tap "orders" tracking & shipping missing items orders shipped with u.s. standard shipping expected to arrive within 12 business days. our shipping and delivery times can be viewed here. to track your order, click here (you will need to be logged into your account). please note, your order may have shipped from multiple locations across the us. if you are missing part of an order, be sure to check each shipment's tracking link for further details. this information will appear in your order history, just below the order details, next to each shipment number. in addition, we will also send you a shipment confirmation email with your available tracking information. we always suggest that you check with anyone in your office or household who may have received the package and neglected to tell you. if there is no indication of the current delivery status and you still have not received the package, please contact us and one of our customer service representatives will be happy to assist you. tracking states "delivered" but i haven't received it sometimes carriers will scan packages before they've actually reached their destination, so it may be a few days before it actually arrives. also, check with any family or neighbors that may have received it and forgot to pass it along to you. you may also want to contact your local post office to see if they have your order at their facility.if you're still unable to locate your package after the estimated delivery time, please contact us here so we can assist you. track my order to track your thriftbooks order on a desktop, follow these steps: log into your thriftbooks account click "your account" at the top right of the page select the order you would like to track by clicking on the teal order number scroll down and click "track package" please note, your order may have shipped from multiple locations across the us. if you are missing part of an order, be sure to check each shipment's tracking link for further details. this information will appear in your order history, just below the order details, next to each shipment number. in addition, we will also send you a shipment confirmation email with your available tracking information. missing or “stalled” tracking information can indicate that something has gone wrong with the shipment, or it can simply be the result of a missed scan along the way. please contact customer service if your order is not delivered within the estimated delivery time. for information on expected delivery times and rates, click here. on the thriftbooks mobile app, follow these steps: tap the 3 lines at the top left of the app select "my account" from the list tap "orders" tap "track shipment" if the "track shipment" option does not appear, we may not have tracking details yet. please allow 48 hours after placing the order for tracking to become available. in addition, we will also send you a shipment confirmation email with your available tracking information. missing or “stalled” tracking information can indicate that something has gone wrong with the shipment, or it can simply be the result of a missed scan along the way. please contact customer service if your order is not delivered within the estimated delivery time. for information on expected delivery times and rates, click here. why is my order shipping to a different state? our domestic orders ship via osm to be tendered to the usps distribution hub nearest you for final delivery. unfortunately, we do not control the transportation of the package or the route chosen by the delivery company. if your order does not seem to be going directly to you, there can be a few reasons for this. it is not uncommon for a package to leave your delivery area to be sorted and returned back to your area for final delivery.your book is picked up by osm from our processing center to be tendered to the usps distribution hub nearest you for final delivery. osm takes this book to their nearest sort facility, which will often be in a different state than the package was shipped from. after your order is sorted, it is then transported to usps who also sorts the package before taking it to your local post office. which carrier will deliver my order? shipping method carrier u.s. standard new & used items usps u.s. express used items only fedex u.s. 2-day used items only fedex canada standard used items only local mail courier international standard used items only local mail courier *please allow 1-2 days for order processing prior to shipping. orders placed and received prior to 11:00 am, local time, will be shipped by the next business day. orders placed after the cut-off time of 11:00 am, local time, will ship within 2 business days. *delivery to alaska, hawaii, guam, and puerto rico can take up to 45 days to arrive do you combine shipping charges for international orders? each item will incur a separate shipping fee for orders shipping internationally. we strive to offer the best international shipping rates and cannot combine these fees based on volume. how can i track my replacement order? your replacement order will not appear in your thriftbooks order history. please contact customer service here for any order or tracking details. why is my order shipping from multiple locations? our items are stored in processing centers across the united states. while we strive to combine packages as much as possible, we cannot guarantee product availability by location so your order may ship from multiple locations. reimbursements for shipping charges from third-party companies we cannot be held responsible for shipping charges or deliveries that do not originate with our company. once our shipment has been delivered to the destination address you provided with your order, our shipping responsibility is complete. customs fees we cannot be held responsible for items that pass through customs and require additional payment. we have zero control in customs fees but in most cases our customers never get charged, especially for low-value packages. however, it's technically possible, unfortunately it's out of our hands. we are not able to refund based on a customer being charged a customs tax or duty fee on a package coming into your country – it's the right of your local government to charge this if they choose. alaska, hawaii & us territories please allow additional delivery time for orders going to alaska, hawaii, guam & puerto rico. in some cases delivery time can be as long as 45 days for standard shipping. choose our express shipping option for faster service. orders using the standard shipping option are delivered by usps media mail, a shipping method created by the post office to keep the price of shipping books low. unfortunately, packages going to guam, puerto rico, alaska, and hawaii can take longer than normal to arrive. in some cases delivery time can be as long as 30 days. u.s. territories and freely associated states: when entering an address for puerto rico, guam, u.s. virgin islands, u.s. minor outlying islands, american samoa, marshall islands, northern mariana islands, palau, or federated states of micronesia, follow these guidelines when entering your shipping address: state: select the appropriate two-letter state code from the drop-down menu. for example, the 2-letter state code for palau is pw. postal code: always double-check for the correct us zip code. country: select usa from the country list. apo / fpo / dpo shipments be sure to enter your address correctly to ensure a smooth delivery. follow these guidelines when entering your shipping address: city: enter apo, fpo, or dpo. state/province: choose the two-letter code for the region where the recipient is stationed: ae, aa, or ap. military codes are located at the end of the drop-down list. postal code: enter the appropriate 5-digit zip code (or zip+4) country: select usa from the country list. the usps will transfer the package to the military mail system for overseas delivery. please allow additional delivery time for orders going to apo/fpo/dpo addresses. in some cases delivery time can be as long as 30 to 45 days for standard shipping. we are unable to provide tracking information once a package has entered the military mail system. incorrect shipping address if you need to change the shipping information you entered, contact us as soon as possible. there is a limited period during which we can make these changes. to expedite your request, please select address correction in the subject section of the form. if your order has not yet been shipped, we will be happy to make this change for you. can you change my domestic shipping address to an international address? unfortunately, we cannot change your shipping address from domestic to international.if you would like to change your shipping address from domestic to international you will need to cancel your order and take your item(s) through check-out again.we apologize for any inconvenience this may cause. do you ship outside of the united states? yes, we ship used books internationally. we are proud to have one of the fastest delivery times to customers overseas. see our delivery times page. please note, new items cannot be shipped out of the us. where will my order ship from? we automatically ship a copy that meets your chosen condition criteria from one of our 6 processing centers, located in the us, nearest to the shipping address on your order. this ensures that your order will arrive as quickly as possible.please note that if you order multiple items, it is possible to receive separate packages containing all of your order. in most cases, the packages arrive on different days because of the different transit times from each location. once your order has shipped, we'll send you an order confirmation stating which state the order will be arriving from. can i combine more than one item in a single shipment? unfortunately, we cannot guarantee that all items in an order will ship in a single package. our inventory is held in processing centers across the united states. while we strive to combine packages as much as possible, we cannot guarantee product availability by location. how long will it take to receive my order? processing in our warehouses takes 24 to 48 hours. please visit shipping costs for delivery times after orders have shipped. note that orders placed on friday will be shipped on monday. shipping rates & delivery times shipping costs and transit times vary depending on the delivery location and the shipping method selected. all of our rates and delivery estimates can be found on the shipping costs page. collectible books what type of packaging is used to ship collectible books? all collectible books are shipped in secure boxes to ensure they are not damaged in the shipping process. are prices on collectible books negotiable? we price our books according to current market demand. for some out-of-print or otherwise hard to find or desirable books, this can result in the current listing price being higher than the original retail price of the book when it was first released. in such cases, we usually have the best price available anywhere on the internet. we do not offer price matching or negotiate prices at this time. what does "first edition thus" mean? "first edition thus" means it is the first appearance in this format. these are typically reprints or alternate formats but not considered the "true first.". "thus" can also cover various reprints and revisions, as long as they are the first edition of the book to be published in that format. what condition are collectible books in? our collectible books follow the same guidelines as all other books on our site. each book is individually rated by a thriftbooks staff member. all collectible photos shown online are actual photos. new: just like it sounds. a brand-new, unused, unread copy in perfect condition. like new: an apparently unread copy in perfect condition. dust cover is intact; pages are clean and are not marred by notes or folds of any kind. very good: a copy that has been read, but remains in excellent condition. pages are intact and are not marred by notes or highlighting, but may contain a neat previous owner name. the spine remains undamaged. good: a copy that has been read, but remains in clean condition. all pages are intact, and the cover is intact. the spine may show signs of wear. pages can include limited notes and highlighting, and the copy can include "from the library of" labels or previous owner inscriptions. acceptable: a readable copy. all pages are intact, and the cover is intact (the dust cover may be missing). pages can include considerable notes--in pen or highlighter--but the notes cannot obscure the text. what makes a book a "collectible"? discover the perfect collectible book for your home library or to send as a gift to a booklover in your life. from rare out-of-print titles and first editions to items signed by the author, you’ll find hand-curated collectible books at reasonable prices at thriftbooks.com. check out our collectible titles here. technical i can't log in or the website asks me to log in more than once. if you use microsoft internet explorer as your browser you can solve this problem by resetting your browser security settings back to the default level:tools -> internet optionsclick the security tab at topclick the button "reset all zones to the default level." i entered the wrong email address when i signed up. how can i change it? if you entered the wrong email address when you signed up or if you need to change your email address, follow the steps below:desktop: log into your thriftbooks account using your "incorrect" or old email address and password you used to initially set up the account click "your account" at the top right of the page over to the left of the page, select "personal information" scroll down and edit your saved email address. the new email address you enter will become the login for the next time you come back to the website. thriftbooks mobile app: tap the 3 lines at the top left of the app select "my account" from the list tap "orders" tap the teal "account pages" box that appears at the top select "personal information" scroll down and edit your saved email address. the new email address you enter will become the login for the next time you come back to the website. i can't log in or create a new account possible error messages:"email address does not appear valid.""email address does not match."solution:make sure you are clicking the correct button on the login page. (there are 2 there, one for existing customers and another for new customers). you will see this error if you put text into one set of boxes but hit the button corresponding to the other.if you are logging in as an existing customer, make sure the text boxes are empty in the “new customer” section, and vice versa - if you are creating a new account make sure the boxes are empty in the existing customer section. my shopping cart was full and now it is empty. no activity occurred in your cart for an extended period of time and your session was timed out.unfortunately, we cannot save items in your cart for you indefinitely. if you leave your computer for an extended period of time, we assume that your cart was abandoned and we put the books "back on the shelf."there is no way to recover your cart other than to search for the titles and add them to your cart again.as long you are continually shopping, you may take as long as you like, but if you stop and we detect no activity in your cart we will assume it was abandoned. recommended browser and hardware we recommend using the thriftbooks mobile app for the best shopping experience. if you prefer to use a browser, we have tested the site using the most popular browsers and platforms, including internet explorer, firefox, chrome and safari. we also support a wide variety of mobile devices and tablets. you must have your security settings at the default for us to authenticate you when you log in. i forgot my password to change the password on your thriftbooks account, click here. we'll send you an email with a link to reset your password. please allow up to 5 minutes for the email to be delivered. if you submit multiple password reset requests, only the newest reset link will work. be sure to check your junk/spam filters in case our email gets passed into one of those folders. the email will come from password@thriftbooks.comif you cannot remember what email address you used or no longer have access to that email address, you will need to register a new account. what do you do with my email address? we do not sell, share, or otherwise distribute your information with any other party. we respect your privacy and store your information in order to communicate with you regarding your order status and occasional upcoming thrift books specials. accessibility issues thriftbooks is committed to making its website accessible to all individuals. please click here to review our accessibility statement. pre-order can i track my pre-order? yes, tracking information is available once your pre-order has shipped. to locate your tracking information, you must be logged in to your account. tracking information is in the my account section of our website or mobile application. desktop: hover over your name at the top right of any page click on my account. find your order from the orders table and click track shipment. mobile: tap on the 3 stacked bars at the top left of the thriftbooks logo. tap my account from the menu. tap orders. find your order from your list of orders and tap track shipment. online tracking information is not 100% reliable. missing or “stalled” tracking information can indicate that something has gone wrong with the shipment, or it can simply be the result of a missed scan along the way. please contact customer service if your order is not delivered within the estimated delivery time. when will my pre-order ship? your pre-order will ship on the publication release date and should arrive within 1-2 days regardless of the shipping selection you made during checkout. we will send you a shipment confirmation email once your pre-order is on its way to you. can i cancel my pre-order? yes, contact us here to cancel your pre-order. your pre-order purchase will be refunded and any earned readingrewards points will be reversed. please allow 2-5 business days for your refund to post back to your original payment method. where can i find the status of my pre-order? first, make sure you are logged in to thriftbooks on your computer or device. you can find the status of your pre-order on the my account page of our site. desktop: hover over your name at the top right of any page. click on my account. your pre-ordered items are listed below your list of orders. mobile: tap on the 3 stacked bars at the top left of the thriftbooks logo. tap my account from the menu. tap orders. you will find your pre-order listed at the top of your screen. do i earn readingrewards points with my pre-order purchase? absolutely! pre-orders earn points at your current rewards level, just like any other title. when will my card be charged for my pre-order? your card will be charged at the time you place your pre-order. your pre-order will ship on the publication release date and should arrive within 1-2 days regardless of shipping selection you made during checkout. can i pre-order a title if i live outside of the u.s.? unfortunately, pre-ordering is currently not available for international orders. we apologize for any inconvenience this may cause. how can i pre-order a book? you can pre-order and purchase any eligible title from thriftbooks just as you do any other item from our site. a title is considered eligible when it is 8 weeks or less from its publication release date. your pre-order will ship on the publication release date and should arrive within 1-2 days regardless of shipping selection you made during checkout. pre-ordering is currently not available for international orders. we apologize for any inconvenience this may cause. pre-order basics pre-orders allow you to purchase any eligible title from thriftbooks before the title has been released by the publisher. a title is considered eligible when it is 8 weeks or less from its publication release date. the supplier determines the publication date and has the authority to change it at any time. if a release date is changed, we will update our website and mobile app once we have been notified. pre-ordering is currently not available for international orders. we apologize for any inconvenience this may cause. backorders can i track my backorder? yes, tracking information is available once your backordered item has shipped. to locate your tracking information, you must be logged in to your account. tracking information is in the my account section of our website or mobile application. desktop: hover over your name at the top right of any page. click on my account. your backordered items are listed below your list of orders. mobile: tap on the 3 stacked bars at the top left of the thriftbooks logo. tap my account from the menu. tap orders. you will find your backorder listed at the top of your screen. online tracking information is not 100% reliable. missing or “stalled” tracking information can indicate that something has gone wrong with the shipment, or it can simply be the result of a missed scan along the way. please contact customer service if your order is not delivered within the estimated delivery time. when will my backorder ship? there is no specific timeframe for the availability of backordered titles. some titles return to inventory in a matter of days, but many can take up to several weeks. the length of time it takes is dependent on the time it takes the publisher to make titles available to our distributors. we anticipate that we will be restocked within 3-6 weeks; unfortunately, we are not able to give restock dates for individual titles. once the title is restocked, it will ship to you via u.s. standard shipping (transit time: 4-8 business days). if a title is not restocked at the end of 45 days, we will notify you via email and you will have the opportunity to continue with your backorder or cancel your order and we will issue you a refund. can i cancel my backorder? yes, please contact here to cancel your backorder. your backorder purchase will be refunded and any earned readingrewards points will be reversed. please allow 2-5 business days for your refund to post back to your original payment method. where can i find the status of my backorder? first, make sure you are logged in to thriftbooks on your computer or device. you can find the status of your backorder on the my account page of our site. desktop: hover over your name at the top right of any page. click on my account. your backordered items are listed below your list of orders. mobile: tap on the 3 stacked bars at the top left of the thriftbooks logo. tap my account from the menu. tap orders. you will find your backorder listed at the top of your screen. do i earn readingrewards points with my backorder purchase? absolutely! backorders earn points at your current rewards level, just like any other title. when is my card charged for my backorder? your card will be charged at the time you place your backorder. your backorder will ship once the title is restocked, usually within 3-6 weeks; unfortunately, we are not able to give restock dates for individual titles. once the title is restocked, it will ship to you via u.s. standard shipping. if a title is not restocked at the end of 45 days, we will notify you via email and you will have the opportunity to continue with your backorder or cancel your order and we will issue you a refund. backordering is currently not available for international orders. we apologize for any inconvenience. can i backorder a title if i live outside of the u.s.? unfortunately, backordering is currently not available for international orders. we apologize for any inconvenience this may cause. how can i backorder a book? you can purchase any qualifying backorder from thriftbooks just as you do any other item on our site. a title is considered a qualifying backorder if our distributors show they have that title on order from the publisher. the length of time it takes is dependent on the time it takes the publisher to make titles available to our distributors. we anticipate that we will be restocked within 3-6 weeks; unfortunately, we are not able to give restock dates for individual titles. once the title is restocked, it will ship to you via u.s. standard shipping. if a title is not restocked at the end of 45 days, we will notify you via email and you will have the opportunity to continue with your backorder or cancel your order and we will issue you a refund. backordering is currently not available for international orders. we apologize for any inconvenience. what’s the difference between “on backorder”, “pre-order”, and “temporarily unavailable”? “on backorder” are new books that we know our distributors have on order from the publisher, and we anticipate that we will be restocked within 3-6 weeks. thriftbooks allows you to purchase a backordered title only when we can confirm that our distributors have placed an order with the publisher. “temporarily unavailable” titles are for both new and used books that we have no visibility into when the title will become available again. you can add a “temporarily unavailable” title to your wish list and we will notify you as soon as we have an available copy. “pre-orders” are new books that have not yet reached their publication date. thriftbooks allows you to purchase pre-orders once a title is 8 weeks or less from its publication date. backorder basics backorders allow you to purchase new books that are temporarily out-of-stock and listed as “on backorder” on our site. some books return to inventory in a matter of days, but many can take up to several weeks. the length of time it takes is dependent on the time it takes the publisher to make titles available to our distributors. we anticipate that we will be restocked within 3-6 weeks; unfortunately, we are not able to give restock dates for individual titles. once a title has been restocked, it will ship to you via u.s. standard shipping. if a title is not restocked at the end of 45 days, we will notify you via email and you will have the opportunity to continue with your backorder or cancel your order and we will issue you a refund. backordering is currently not available for international orders. we apologize for any inconvenience. wish list why did the price change after i was alerted the item from my wish list was available? if you add an out-of-stock item to your wish list, you will receive an automated email notifying you when that item is re-stocked and available for sale. items in high demand can sell quickly. if an item is no longer available when you click through to see it, we’ll leave it on your wish list and send you another email when it’s back in stock. if the item on your wish list is available but the price has increased, this may mean that another customer purchased the available item already and the only available copies of the item are only available as a new item, rather than used. prices were current when the email was created and are subject to change based on availability. how do i purchase from my wish list? to purchase an item from your thriftbooks wish list on a desktop, follow these steps: log into your thriftbooks account click the gray heart icon on the top right of the page click "add to cart" we'll automatically add the best available copy to your shopping cart. on the thriftbooks mobile app, follow these steps: tap the 3 lines at the top left of the app select "my account" from the list tap "wish list" tap "add to cart" we'll automatically add the best available copy to your shopping cart. how do i re-name my wish list? to re-name your thriftbooks wish list on a desktop, follow these steps: log into your thriftbooks account click the gray heart icon on the top right of the page click "list settings" next to the title of your wish list on the thriftbooks mobile app, follow these steps: tap the 3 lines at the top left of the app select "my account" from the list tap "wish list" tap the 3 vertical dots at the top right of the list select "list settings" how do i share my wish list? to share your thriftbooks wish list on a desktop, follow these steps: log into your thriftbooks account click the gray heart icon on the top right of the page select the method you wish to share it by clicking on the icons in the top right of the page (facebook, pinterest, twitter, or a direct link). on the thriftbooks mobile app, follow these steps: tap the 3 lines at the top left of the app select "my account" from the list tap "wish list" tap the 3 vertical dots at the top right of the list select "share" how do i create a new wish list? to create a new thriftbooks wish list on a desktop, follow these steps: log into your thriftbooks account click the gray heart icon on the top right of the page click "create new list" over to the left on the thriftbooks mobile app, follow these steps: tap the 3 lines at the top left of the app select "my account" from the list tap "wish list" how do i remove an item from my wish list? to remove an item from your thriftbooks wish list on a desktop, follow these steps: log into your thriftbooks account click the gray heart icon on the top right of the page click "delete" over to the right if you purchase an item from your wish list, we will automatically remove it. on the thriftbooks mobile app, follow these steps: tap the 3 lines at the top left of the app select "my account" from the list tap "wish list" tap "delete" how do i add a book to my wish list? to add a book to your thriftbooks wish list on a desktop, follow these steps: log into your thriftbooks account locate a book you would like to add to your wish list click "add to wish list" under the "add to cart" button on the thriftbooks mobile app, follow these steps: locate a book you would like to add to your wish list tap "add to wish list" under the "add to cart" button how do i view my wish list? to view your thriftbooks wish list on a desktop, follow these steps: log into your thriftbooks account click the gray heart icon on the top right of the page if you have created multiple wish lists, your lists will appear to the left. on the thriftbooks mobile app, follow these steps: tap the 3 lines at the top left of the app select "my account" from the list tap "wish list" if you have created multiple wish lists, click "view all wish lists". wish list email notifications you can choose to receive a weekly summary email showing all the items on your wish list that are currently in stock, or an instant notification email the moment we receive a new copy. each item on your list can have individual notification preferences. if you add an out-of-stock item to your wish list, you will receive an automated email notifying you when that item is re-stocked and available for sale. items in high demand can sell quickly. if a book is no longer available when you click through to see it, we’ll leave it on your wish list and send you another email when it’s back in stock. to change your email notification preferences for a single item, look for the check boxes to the right of the book image. to change multiple items at once, select the items you want to change using the boxes to the left of the image, then click the actions button at the top of the list. to disable all wish list emails, go to my account and click the email preferences link in the settings menu on the left side of the page. billing how to checkout with paypal to checkout as a guest on paypal (you do not need an account), follow these steps: click on your cart in the top right of the page click the blue "paypal checkout" button at the bottom of the page a popup window will be displayed (be sure you have pop-ups enabled). click "checkout as guest" submit your email address and click "continue to payment" enter your card details and click "continue" to process the payment." do you accept purchase orders? we do not accept purchase orders at this time. all orders must be placed on thriftbooks.com and payment must be collected at the time of ordering. why is my card being declined? there are several reasons your credit or debit card may be being declined. please be sure to contact your bank as they may have additional information. if you are still unable to process your payment, we suggest checking out via paypal. if you do not have a paypal account, you can still use paypal to checkout as a guest. to checkout as a guest on paypal (without an account or creating an account), follow these steps: click on your cart in the top right of the page click the blue "paypal checkout" button at the bottom of the page a popup window will be displayed (be sure you have pop-ups enabled). click "checkout as guest" submit your email address and click "continue to payment" enter your card details and click "continue" to process the payment." invoices and receipts to obtain a copy of your receipt or invoice, follow these steps on a desktop: 1. log into your thriftbooks account 2. click "your account" at the top right of the page 3. click on an order number to open the details 4. click "print order" please note, we will not enclose an invoice or receipt within used book packages. on the thriftbooks mobile app, follow these steps: tap the 3 lines at the top left of the app select "my account" from the list tap "orders" tap on an order number to open the details tap "print order" please note, we will not enclose an invoice or receipt within used book packages. what currency does thriftbooks use? as a us-based seller, all currency on our site is listed in us dollars (usd). if you are outside of the us, your credit card statement may show a different total amount based on the exchange rate. do you charge sales tax? in mid-2018, the us law governing whether a state could collect sales tax on purchases made from internet retailers, such as thriftbooks, changed. in the past thriftbooks was only compelled to collect tax for a state in which we have a processing center or other physical presence. the new law now permits all states to charge sales tax regardless of whether we have a presence in that state or not. thriftbooks is complying with these changes as each state makes them in order to continue selling books to customers no matter where they live. taxes will be applied to your order as applicable at checkout based on your shipping address. if you are tax exempt, please send a pdf copy of your tax exempt form to cshelp@thriftbooks.com. once we have your sales tax form saved to your account, you will not be charged sales tax on your future orders. will i get refunded for a package that was "returned to sender"? because most cases can be prevented by the buyer, we charge a $2.00 restocking fee for each item returned to us.*below are the reasons why a package would be “returned to sender.” * unclaimed – restocking fee charged * no such address – restocking fee charged * address incomplete – restocking fee charged * moved/unknown – restocking fee charged * no such post office –full refund (how is that your fault?) * refused – restocking fee charged all packages returned to us come with one of the reasons checked off by the mail courier on a separate form.* restocking fee for items sent via express shipping is $5.00. restocking fee for canada and uk orders is $5.00, and $7.00 for the rest of the world. can i order an item through the mail or on the phone (instead of the internet)? unfortunately, we cannot accept orders placed through traditional mail because we do not accept personal checks, money orders, etc.if you would like to purchase an item you must do it through our website. we do not accept orders over the phone. any check received in the mail will be shredded and disposed of properly. can i send a check or money order instead of submitting my credit card information? we do not accept checks or money orders. any check received in the mail will be shredded and disposed of properly.our website is designed to process credit cards. all of your credit card information is encrypted using a secure server for maximum security. you will notice a padlock icon on the bottom right corner of your browser which indicates that the page is secure.encryption is enabled on all the pages where you enter credit card or other personal information. is it safe to use my credit card? yes, our website is secure. all of the information submitted is encrypted using a secure server for maximum security. you will notice a padlock icon on the bottom right corner of your browser which indicates when a page is secure.encryption is enabled on all the pages where you enter credit card or other personal information. what payment methods do you offer? we accept visa, discover, jcb, mastercard, maestro, diner's club, paypal, american express, apple pay, and google pay. we do not accept personal checks, money orders, bitcoin or purchase orders. any checks or money orders received in the mail will be shredded and disposed of properly. discounts on large orders thrift books’ idea was to offer the best prices on the internet regardless of the total number of items purchased. because our prices are already so low, we do not offer additional discounts on larger orders. however, please note that we offer free shipping on us orders of $10 or more, as well as regular coupon deals and special offers. sign up to receive our emails to be notified of current deals. current thriftbooks coupons, discounts, and special offers can be viewed here. readingrewards how do i apply my free book credit? once you have earned 500 points, those points are removed from your point balance and converted into a free book reward. for every 500 points earned, you will earn the following rewards: • reader = free book, up to $5• bookworm = free book, up to $6• literati = free book, up to $7 once you have added a qualifying item to your cart, your free item will auto-apply during the checkout process. on the cart subtotal page, there will be an option to change the number of free items that are used on this order or remove them completely so you can save them for a later date. free book credits expire after 90 days. how do i earn free books? we want you to read more and spend less. the thriftbooks readingrewards program provides registered members of thriftbooks.com with special rewards, discounts, and promotional offers. readingrewards is free to join and there is no ongoing membership fee. for every 500 points you earn, you will be rewarded with a free book! there are currently three ways to earn points: make a purchase! every dollar you spend at thriftbooks.com or through our mobile app on eligible purchases earn points according to your status level (excluding amounts spent on tax and shipping). place an order using the thriftbooks mobile app to earn an additional 100 points! participate in our many bonus offers throughout the year to earn extra points on qualifying purchases. for more information, click here. what does "adjusted points - 500" mean? each time you earn 500 points, a free book credit will be issued to your account. when you see 500 points have been deducted from your point balance, you have earned another free book! terms & conditions see full program terms & conditions. if you have further questions regarding readingrewards, please feel free to contact us at readingrewards@thriftbooks.com. do my points expire? points will expire after 24 months of account inactivity. free book credits expire after 90 days. how are my points calculated? points are calculated per dollar spent on qualifying purchases according to the terms of your member level. qualifying purchases do not include sales tax, shipping costs, purchases made with the benefits received under the program, bulk and wholesale purchases. readingrewards benefits by membership level all levels need to requalify each year. the level achieved in one year is good for that year and the next calendar year. how do i redeem rewards? if you have already enrolled in readingrewards, have verified your thriftbooks account and are signed in to thriftbooks.com, any free book rewards you have available are automatically applied at checkout. how do i earn points? there are currently three ways to earn points: make a purchase! every dollar you spend at thriftbooks.com or through our mobile app on eligible purchases earn points according to your status level (excluding amounts spent on tax and shipping). place an order using the thriftbooks mobile app to earn an additional 100 points! participate in our many bonus offers throughout the year to earn extra points on qualifying purchases. how is my readingrewards status determined? member status is based on annual spending at thriftbooks.com and our mobile app. all program participants qualify for reader status. your benefit level is automatically updated on your account within 24 hours of any event that would affect your member level. how can i join? joining is easy! simply provide your first and last name and email address when you create your thriftbooks account. if you already have a thriftbooks account, you can opt-in now. does it cost anything to be a readingrewards member? readingrewards is free to join and there is no ongoing membership fee. general foreign language books thriftbooks offers an extensive selection of new and used foreign language books! we have books in spanish, french, german, japanese, italian and so many other languages! click here to view all foreign language books. what are thriftbooks deals? shop the red deal tag to save 10% on more than 100,000 titles with thriftbooks deals! qualifying items are marked with a red deal or sale tag. click here to check out our thriftbooks deals! do you offer a catalog? we do not offer a catalog. we list over 13 million books on our website so if you were to print out all the titles, it would be thousands upon thousands of pages! however, all available items are listed on thriftbooks.com. our availability changes frequently (as new items come in and other items sell) so we would never be able to have an up-to-date catalog. tip: to search all available items on our website, simply leave the search bar empty and click the search icon next to the search bar (magnifying glass). from here, you can filter items you are interested in over to the left of the page (desktop) or by clicking "sort & filter" in the thriftbooks mobile app. why did i receive an item without the dustjacket? we'll indicate if an item is missing the dustjacket or dustcover it originally came with in the item details, in your cart, and also in your order confirmation. in your cart, this blue icon indicates the item will be missing it's dustjacket: why did i receive a library book? we partner with many different establishments; libraries included, and purchase unwanted or non-selling items from them in bulk. libraries in, particular, will sell their older or multiple copy items to us to make room for new items arriving. we'll indicate if an item is an ex-library copy in the item details, in your cart, and also in your order confirmation. in your cart, this green icon indicates it is an ex-library copy: do you offer coupons or discounts? current thriftbooks coupons, discounts, and special offers can be viewed here. what condition are cds/dvds in? new: a brand-new, unused copy in perfect condition. like new: no visible wear, all parts of the item are unmarked and intact, including original packaging. very good: an item that is used but still in very good condition. minimal wear to the exterior of the item, possible minor scuffs to disc surface that do not affect playback. original packaging is included. good: an item in used but good condition. may have minor damage to jewel case including scuffs or cracks, or to the item cover including scuffs, scratches, or cracks. the cover art and liner notes are included for a cd. no skipping on cd/dvd. acceptable/fair: an item with significant wear, but still operational. original packaging may show significant wear and have holes or tears. media may show scuffs and scratches. instructions or liner notes may not be included. thriftbooks affiliate program we would love to partner with you on providing avid readers everywhere with affordable access to books. we invite you to participate in our affiliate program on partnerize (pz) where you can earn a commission for every sale you refer to thriftbooks.com. the program is simple: you will earn 4% of the total sale for every new customer you refer who purchases from thriftbooks.com within 7 days of the referral you will earn 3% of the total sale for every repeat customer you refer who purchases from thriftbooks.com within 7 days of the referral. unlimited earning potential. next steps: if you already have a partnerize account: submit a request to join our program through ‘brand discovery’ if you have trouble remembering your ph username, please email the pz support team at support@partnerize.com and they will be happy to help if you are new to partnerize: follow this link to access the thriftbooks sign up page and fill in your details once you have successfully signed up, you will receive an automated email confirming your credentials and a link to log into the platform, which can also be accessed here once you have joined the program, please email affiliates@thriftbooks.com important contacts: pz team: support@partnerize.com thriftbooks team: affiliates@thriftbooks.com is your packaging recyclable? our mailers are made from polyethylene film, which is represented by the number 4 in the recycling world. you can recycle our mailers along with your plastic grocery bags and not worry about them ending up in a landfill! please check with your local recycling company for further information. do you rent books? we do not rent books, all books are for you to purchase and keep! what do you do with my personal information? we do not sell, share, or otherwise distribute your information with any other party. we respect your privacy and store your information in order to communicate with you regarding your order status and occasional upcoming thriftbooks specials. when will a book come back into stock? we purchase our books in large lots, rather than by specific titles so we don't know exactly when a particular book will come back into stock. however, we receive thousands of new books each day, so we suggest adding a copy of the item to your wish list. once we receive another copy in stock, we will notify you via email! adding a book to your wish list is easy! for more information, click here. large print books we offer a vast selection of large print books! click here to be brought directly to our available large print books. please note, if you switch between formats or editions, the book may no longer be in large print. only books with " [large print]" displayed in the title will be large print. you can also find our large print books by going to the main thriftbooks.com home page by clicking the "books" tab at the top of every page. once here, scroll to the bottom of this page and under the "special editions," you will see large print listed here. how can i leave a review? book reviews if you would like to rate or review an item you have ordered, follow these steps: log into your thriftbooks account click "your account" at the top right of the page click "personal information" thriftbooks service reviews we partner with a third-party company, trustpilot, to collect real customer reviews. your experience is important to us and you are welcome to review thriftbooks here. thriftbooks gift cards you can email a gift card instantly, or you can print out a copy to give to the lucky recipient in person. to order a gift card or learn more about our gift cards, visit our gift card page. which items are accepted/ prohibited at prisons, jails, or correctional facilities? restrictions on packages at correctional institutions vary from one institution to another. most facilities will not accept hardcover books or audio tapes. we cannot be held responsible for items returned to us due to unacceptable content/restricted materials, etc.unfortunately, we have no way of knowing the guidelines set by individual facilities. it is the responsibility of the customer to make sure the item(s) being sent are acceptable. all items returned to us are subject to a restocking fee. before placing an order, make sure that the contents of the items you are sending meet the guidelines set by the institution. if you are unsure of which items are considered acceptable, please contact the facility first before placing an order. you can also send the packages to a residential address and deliver the item personally.please note that we do not include a packing slip in our packages – if this is required, it’s best to have the book shipped to you, then deliver the item personally.all standard us packages will be delivered by the united states post office (usps). express and 2-day shipments are delivered by fedex. please ensure the facility accepts packages from these carriers prior to placing your order. can you make an item substitution in an order i've placed? unfortunately, we cannot substitute one title for a different title on our end. if you would like to substitute an item in your order, you will have to restart the check-out process. how do i add more items to an order i've already submitted? unfortunately, there is no way to add more items to an order that has been submitted and paid for.however, you can always start a new order. we have no limit to the number of orders you may place. do you accept book donations or buy books back? at this time we do not accept donations or purchase books back. we always suggest donating any unwanted books to a local library, school, or charity center. what is an isbn? isbn is an acronym for international standard book number. an isbn is a ten- or thirteen-digit code used to identify a book. you can find the isbn on the back of a book near the barcode or on the copyright page. each book has its own unique isbn. why did i receive a different cover than i ordered? all items are listed by isbn match and product details come from an isbn database. unfortunately, we cannot guarantee you will receive the same cover image listed with the item. please note, display images are always stock photos unless otherwise specified. how do i place an order? purchasing books on our website is fast, easy and secure. first, locate the book you wish to purchase using the search bar located at the top of every page of our website. click the title to see all available formats and editions in one place. once you have decided on the edition and copy you want, you can either instantly add the best copy to your cart using the button to the right of the listing, or click on the “see all copies” link to see all available options. from here, click on the green “add to cart” button for the copy you would like to purchase.after you have added all the books you wish to purchase to your shopping cart, you can see the contents by clicking on the shopping cart icon in the upper right hand corner of your screen. from here you can view your items, select a shipping method, add or delete items, or save your entire order to a wish list. when you are ready to check out, simply click on the “proceed to checkout” button in the lower right corner of the shopping cart and follow the prompts. how do i find a book? we've made searching for titles simple but powerful. begin by typing an author, a title, or an isbn into the search bar at the top of any page. thriftbooks now offers over 13 million titles but you'll get the results quickly.if you don't see what you want in the results, you can use the filters to look for specific items by genre, format (this is where you can search for large print), condition, language, and price.from a desktop computer, filters can be found along the left side of your search results. from a tablet, phone, or our mobile app, click sort & filter to access and apply filters. do you have a storefront? all of our business is conducted online, we do not have a physical location to shop from. all orders must be placed online, we cannot accept orders over the phone. for help on placing an order, click here. what condition are the books in? new: a brand-new, unused, unread copy in perfect condition. like new: an apparently unread copy in excellent condition. dust cover is intact, and pages are clean and are not marred by notes or folds of any kind. very good: a copy that has been read, but remains in excellent condition. pages are intact and are not marred by notes or highlighting, but may contain a previous owner’s name. the spine remains undamaged. good: a copy that has been read, but remains in clean condition. all pages and cover are intact. the spine may show signs of wear. pages can include limited notes and highlighting, and the copy can include "from the library of" labels or previous owner inscriptions. acceptable/fair: a readable copy. all pages are intact, and the cover is intact although(the dust cover may be missing. pages may include considerable notes--in pen or highlighter--but the notes will not obscure the text. when purchasing a used item, we cannot guarantee it will come with all original accompanying content such as toys, necklaces, posters, or other bonus items. returns and refunds restocking fees returns that are not the result of our error may be subject to a restocking fee of $2.00 per item sent by standard shipping, or $5.00 per item sent by express shipping. the restocking fee for canada and uk orders is $5.00, and $7.00 for the rest of the world.if the item is returned to us for any of the following reasons, a restocking fee will be applied to your refund total: item(s) no longer needed or wanted. item(s) returned to us due to an invalid or incomplete address. item(s) returned to us that were not a result of our error. return and exchange policy if you receive a damaged or incorrect item please contact us, and we will correct the situation, quite often without the need for you to return anything! note: we cannot take action for you after an item has begun to ship, so changes of heart or alterations to an address you have entered cannot be accommodated and may accrue a restocking fee. we will honor returns and refunds, where appropriate if we're contacted within 30 days of the date the order was placed for us orders and 90 days for international orders. missing items orders shipped with u.s. standard shipping expected to arrive within 12 business days. our shipping and delivery times can be viewed here. for help tracking your order, click here. please note, your order may have shipped from multiple locations across the us. if you are missing part of an order, be sure to check each shipment's tracking link for further details. this information will appear in your order history, just below the order details, next to each shipment number. in addition, we will also send you a shipment confirmation email with your available tracking information. we always suggest that you check with anyone in your office or household who may have received the package and neglected to tell you. if there is no indication of the current delivery status and you still have not received the package, please contact us and one of our customer service representatives will be happy to assist you. shipping and delivery times can be viewed here. damaged or incorrect items if you receive a damaged or incorrect item, please contact us. one of our dedicated customer service representatives will work with you to resolve any issues you may have with your order, often without the need for a return. gift cards can e-gift cards be redeemed if i live outside the united states? thriftbooks e-gift cards can only be purchased and used in the united states at this time. when i try to redeem the e-gift card, there is an error. what can i do? please contact giftnow customer support and provide a description or screenshots of the error. does my e-gift card expire? no. the gift credit in the e-gift card does not expire. can i redeem e-gift cards on a desktop, tablet, or mobile? yes, you can redeem e-gift cards on desktop, tablet or mobile devices. if you still need assistance, please click here to contact giftnow customer support. i accidentally deleted my thriftbooks gift card email. is there a way to use my thriftbooks gift card without that email? if you deleted your e-gift card email, please double-check your trash folder to see if it's still there. if you cannot find your e-gift card email or still need assistance, please click here to contact giftnow customer support. what if i have a remaining credit after using my e-gift card? if you have a remaining credit after using your e-gift card, you can apply the remaining credit to another order. how do i redeem my e-gift card? to accept a gift, simply click on the link in the e-gift card email you received. apply the code from the e-gift card into your thriftbooks account. if you still need assistance, please click here to contact giftnow customer support. can i use a discount or coupon code when purchasing an e-gift card? discounts and coupon codes cannot be used on the purchase of an e-gift card. are there any additional fees associated with the e-gift card? there are no additional fees associated with the e-gift card. you will only be charged the value of the e-gift card, and we will not impose any other fees. are there any exemptions for the e-gift card? e-gift cards cannot be used to purchase other gift cards. can i send e-gift cards on desktop, tablet, or mobile? yes, you can send e-gift cards on desktop, tablet, and mobile devices. for more information, click here. i made a mistake in the recipient's name. can it be updated? yes, we are happy to edit the name. click here to contact giftnow customer support for assistance. i scheduled the e-gift card for the wrong date. can it be updated? yes, you can update the scheduled date on your gift's status page. click the "view and manage" button in your confirmation email to go to the gift stats page, where you can change the date your gift notification will be sent. if you still need assistance, please click here to contact giftnow customer support. why was the e-gift card order not processed? what can i do? this may happen if we cannot verify some of the billing information for the order. we suggest placing the order again with a different credit card or updated billing information. if you still need assistance, please click here to contact giftnow customer support. when will the recipient receive the e-gift card? if you choose to send your e-gift card by email, your recipient receives the gift email shortly after your purchase or on the future date you choose. we'll let you know once it has been sent. if you choose to send your gift by text message, messenger link or print and hand-deliver, your recipient receives their gift after you deliver it to them. for more information, click here. how do i purchase an e-gift card? to buy an e-gift card, click here. you will choose an amount, select a design, write a gift message and then pay for the e-gift card on this page. can i exchange my e-gift card for cash? sorry, but the e-gift card can only be used to purchase merchandise and cannot be exchanged for cash. what is giftnow? giftnow is the new way to send gifts! thriftbooks gift cards can now be given as gifts via email, text message, or a print out you can print and hand-deliver. how do i cancel an e-gift card? you can cancel your gift card order as long as the recipient has not accepted the gift. if you would like to cancel your order, you may click on the "view or manage order" button in your order confirmation email. or you may contact giftnow customer support and provide your order number. will i earn readingrewards points if i purchase a gift card? gift card purchases do not qualify for readingrewards points. do you sell gift cards? yes! we have partnered with giftnow to supply thriftbooks gift cards. now, you can send gift cards via email, text, or print them! for more information, click here. chat now or contact us if you'd like an email response. popular categories children's teen and young adult self-help literature & fiction mystery & thriller sci-fi & fantasy romance large print books rare & collectible books website tell-a-friend testimonials e-gift cards blog view mobile site my account settings shopping cart order history wish list partnerships wholesale library partnership quick help help & support shipping costs billing return policy contact us about us our story our purpose our team social responsibility careers news thriftbooks sells millions of used books at the lowest everyday prices. we personally assess every book's quality and offer rare, out-of-print treasures. we deliver the joy of reading in 100% recyclable packaging with free standard shipping on us orders over $10. thriftbooks.com. read more. spend less. follow us link to facebook link to twitter link to pinterest link to tumblr link to instagram copyright © 2020 thriftbooks.com terms of use | privacy policy | do not sell my personal information | accessibility statement thriftbooks® and the thriftbooks® logo are registered trademarks of thrift books global, llc