来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20211230001307/https://www.thriftbooks.com/readingrewards/
================================================================================

readingrewards | new & used books from thriftbooks skip to content search button featured books collectible books movies & tv music video games blog welcome to the new boost your book-buying power with readingrewards. you'll earn free books for doing what you already love—reading and shopping at thriftbooks! join now 1 join for free unlock exclusive offers, free book rewards, and more. membership is free and tier level is based on your annual dollars spent. 2 earn points earn points on every dollar spent and bonus points through special member-only offers and promotions. the higher your tier, the more you earn! 3 redeem for free books redeem points for free books, free shipping vouchers, and surprise benefits. there are many ways to earn points 100 points earn points just for joining readingrewards. 100 points place an order using our mobile app. 20 points add your birthday to your account to qualify. readingrewards benefits by membership level all levels need to requalify each year. the level achieved in one year is good for that year and the next calendar year. reader bookworm literati benefit reader bookworm literati spend free to join $75 annual spend $150 annual spend sign up points 100 100 100 points for shopping* $1 = 8 points $1 = 9 points $1 = 10 points free book reward 500 points = free $5 book 500 points = free $6 book 500 points = free $7 book access to member only sales birthday reward 20 30 40 early access to out-of-stock products surprise and delights *video game purchases earn up to 300 points per game. frequently asked questions does it cost anything to be a readingrewards member? readingrewards is free to join and there is no ongoing membership fee. how can i join? joining is easy! simply provide your first and last name and email address when you create your thriftbooks account. if you already have a thriftbooks account, you can opt-in now. how is my readingrewards status determined? member status is based on annual spending at thriftbooks.com and our mobile app. all program participants qualify for reader status. your benefit level is automatically updated on your account within 24 hours of any event that would affect your member level. how do i earn points? there are currently three ways to earn points: make a purchase! every dollar you spend at thriftbooks.com or through our mobile app on eligible purchases earn points according to your status level (excluding amounts spent on tax and shipping). place an order using the thriftbooks mobile app to earn an additional 100 points! participate in our many bonus offers throughout the year to earn extra points on qualifying purchases. additional questions? see full program terms & conditions. if you have further questions regarding readiingrewards, please feel free to contact us at readingrewards@thriftbooks.com. terms & conditions effective date: 4/21/21. please read these terms and conditions carefully. by joining in the thriftbooks readingrewards program you agree to the terms and conditions provided below. see full terms & conditions background we want you to read more and spend less. the thriftbooks readingrewards program provides registered members of thriftbooks.com with special reward, discount and promotional offers. this program is for the benefit of individual readers for their own reading pleasure and it is not intended to benefit the large order buyer or reseller. acceptance thrift books global llc, thriftbooks.com and its affiliates provide a variety of website features at thriftbooks.com ("website"), similar services on other websites and applications, and other products owned and maintained by thriftbooks. the terms and conditions stated below (collectively, the "agreement") constitute a legal agreement between you ("you", "program participant") and thrift books global llc, a delaware limited liability company (the "company," "thriftbooks," "we," "our," or "us"). by joining the thriftbooks readingrewards program (the "program") through the process provided below in section 2.2, you are utilizing thriftbooks services (as defined in the terms of use) and you expressly acknowledge and agree to the terms and conditions that are laid out here, the terms set forth in the terms of use and the privacy policy, both of which are incorporated into this agreement by reference, and any amendments and additions to this agreement as published from time to time at our website. by accepting this agreement, you acknowledge and affirmatively consent to the following: we may send you emails at the address associated with your registered account, unless you later withdraw your consent to receive commercial emails under the opt-out procedures provided in our privacy policy; we may request, record, use, and keep any information about you (including, but not limited to, your name, mailing address, zip code, telephone number, credit, debit or payment account information and email address) that we deem necessary to fulfill your requests for service to your registered account, including, but not limited to, requests to establish your account, look up or edit your account information, or associate a purchase with your account, for as long as we deem necessary; we may require you to log in to your registered account or create a registered account when you purchase goods at our website in order to provide you program benefits; and we may compile information about items you purchased from us, including but not limited to when purchases and returns were made; your method of payment; or if you open, access hyperlinks in, or respond to emails from us. you may not accept this agreement if you are not 18 years old. if you are between the ages of 13 and 18, you may only participate in the program if you are supervised by a parent or legal guardian who accepts this agreement. you may not participate in the program if you are under the age of 13. if you do not agree with all of the provisions of this agreement, do not access or participate in the program. program enrollment eligibility the readingrewards program is only offered to (1) individual customers who are age 13 or older, and (2) non-profit organizations, charities, and foundations, that have registered for an account at our website or on the thriftbooks mobile application, and only those individuals and organizations are eligible to participate in the program and receive its benefits. customers who make purchases under a "guest" account without creating a new registered account at the time of purchase are not eligible for program benefits on such purchases. the program is intended for individual personal use only and commercial use and/or reselling is strictly prohibited. companies, organizations, foundations, resellers, wholesale buyers, associations, and other groups or individuals who use the program for reselling or commercial purposes ("ineligible parties") are not eligible for the program. any use of the program by ineligible parties or use of a single registered account for the purpose of accumulating program benefits for combined, commercial, and/or reseller use will be considered a fraudulent act and a material breach of the agreement. use or attempted use of the program by ineligible parties will also be grounds for immediate termination, without liability or obligation of thriftbooks to refund any fees or payments, of any associated thriftbooks account. further, ineligible parties found to be participating in the program will be liable to thriftbooks for the value of any and all free books redeemed, and thriftbooks hereby expressly reserves any and all other rights and remedies available by law or in equity. registering for the program if you are eligible for the program, you may register for the program by completing the registration process on the thriftbooks mobile app or online at https://www.thriftbooks.com/readingrewards/, or by selecting the option to "join" while making a purchase at our website or on the thriftbooks mobile app. we may require certain personal information from you to complete the registration, including but not limited to your name, username, password, email address, birthday, and products or services of interest. any information we collect from you during program registration will be governed by our privacy policy. by completing the program registration, you warrant the information you have provided to us is current, complete, and accurate, and you are responsible for updating such personal information to the extent any changes occur in the future. when you register with the program for the first time, we will credit your account with 100 program points (defined below). unenrolling from the program if at any point after registering for the program you wish to unenroll from program benefits, you may do so by clicking "opt out" on the readingrewards page of your member account. by unenrolling, by deleting your member account, or by withdrawing your consent for us to use any personal information required to administer your account, you will forfeit any unredeemed benefits you have earned, including earned and outstanding rewards, and free book credits (as defined below). subject to applicable law, we may retain any personal information you provided us during the time you were registered as a program member. earning and redeeming reward points the benefits available to you through the program are based on the number of points that you earn ("program points"). to earn program points, you must be logged into your thriftbooks account at the time of each purchase. earning points as a program participant, you may earn program points by making qualifying purchases at our website, or through the thriftbooks mobile app while logged into your account. you will earn program points per dollar spent on qualifying purchases according to the terms of your benefit level (as defined below). program points will be credited to your account within approximately 24 hours of a qualifying purchase. you must contact us via the e-mail below within one-hundred and twenty (120) days after the date the purchase or other program activity took place to address any errors in crediting of points. we are not responsible for late notifications about purchases or other program activities not being credited to a program account. our good faith determination of the amount of program points earned under any purchase will be final and binding. qualifying purchases purchases must be made through our website or through the thriftbooks mobile app under a registered account at the time of purchase in order to qualify for program points. purchases that are made under a guest account without creating a registered account during the purchase process do not qualify for program points. qualifying purchases do not include bulk and wholesale purchases, purchases made with benefits received under the program, sales tax, shipping costs, and any other purchases we designate as non-qualifying, as provided below. qualifying purchases of discounted or sale items will earn program points according to the paid price of the purchased item, not the original list price. we reserve the right to designate any purchase as a non-qualifying purchase by noting its status as a non-qualifying purchase in the online promotion or benefit details on our website or in the thriftbooks mobile app. refunded purchases if we issue you a refund for a purchase which was previously a qualifying purchase, we reserve the right to remove, or not credit you, any program points related to the returned purchase. the decision to remove or withhold program points will be made in our sole discretion. refunds are governed by our return and exchange policy, which is available at https://www.thriftbooks.com/help/#topic-30. video game purchases unless specifically provided in the terms of any special offer, program participants will receive a maximum of 300 program points, inclusive of points earned on promotions, per new video game purchase. free book credits for every 500 program points you earn, you will receive a credit for a free used book (a "free book credit"), with the value of the free book credit based on the benefit level at which the program points were earned. for free book credits redeemed at the reader level, the free book credit may be used to purchase any used book available on our website or the thriftbooks mobile app that has a value of $5.00 or less. for free book credits redeemed at the bookworm level, the free book credit may be used to purchase any used book available on our website or the thriftbooks mobile app that has a value of $6.00 or less. for free book credits redeemed at the literati level, the free book credit may be used to purchase any used book available on our website or the thriftbooks mobile app that has a value of $7.00 or less. free book credits may not be used toward the purchase of any new book or a book with greater than the applicable free book credit value. we reserve the right to change the value of our books at any time, without notice, regardless of whether a book was previously free book credit-eligible. you will not earn program points for books purchased using free book credits. free book credits will be added to your account once you have earned the required number of program points and will expire 90 days from the date of issuance. any free book credits that you have available at the time you add a free book credit-eligible book to your cart will be automatically applied at checkout. the listed value of the free book will not be applied toward calculating purchase minimums for any applicable free or discounted voucher offers. birthday bonus points during the designated two-week period around your birthday, if you make a purchase that qualifies for program points, you will receive a one-time credit of additional program points in an amount based on your benefit level at the time of the purchase ("birthday bonus points"). at the reader level you will be credited an additional 20 program points, at the bookworm level you will be credited an additional 30 program points, and at the literati level you will be credited an additional 40 program points with the qualifying purchase. in order to be eligible to receive birthday bonus points, you must have made the qualifying purchase during the designated two-week period around your birthday and you must have provided us your birthday information in your program account prior to such birthday month purchase. birthday bonus points will be added to your program points and are subject to all program points terms and conditions. program points expiration any program points accumulated by a program participant will automatically expire if the program participant has not made a qualifying purchase within 24 months following the qualifying purchase that last earned program points. additional benefits and offers we may provide additional benefits or offers to all or select program participants by notifying program participants via email, push notification for mobile app users, or by posting the details of such benefits or promotions on our website or in the thriftbooks mobile app. we reserve the right to base such benefits or offers on program points earned, benefit level reached, personal behaviour and preferences, or any other criteria in our sole discretion. if you are eligible for multiple readingrewards promotions by making a purchase during any promotional period, only the one promotion that results in the most bonus program points awarded to you will be applied to your order. modification of books bonus program the program is a modification of and replacement for the thriftbooks book bonus program ("bbp"). as of the effective date of this agreement, you will no longer be able to earn coupons through accruing cumulative dollar spend under the bbp. on the effective date, previously accrued dollar spend that has not been converted into a coupon will convert to program points according to the benefit level the program participant qualifies for under section 6 below. previously earned and unredeemed bbp coupons (including, but not limited to $5 off coupons, tell-a-friend coupons, and birthday coupons) may be redeemed for thriftbooks purchases prior to the expiration date of the coupon, but no later than one year after the effective date. benefit levels program participants will qualify for one of reader, bookworm, or literati benefit levels based on the amount of qualifying purchases made ("benefit level"). once a program participant achieves a specific benefit level, the program participant will remain at that benefit level for the remainder of the calendar year in which the benefit level was achieved and through the end of the following calendar year (the "benefit cycle"), unless during the 12 month period immediately preceding the last day of the benefit cycle, the program participant qualifies again at the benefit level by making qualifying purchases, in which case the benefit cycle will start over as of the date of such qualifying purchase. a program participant will revert to the reader benefit level unless the program participant has made the requisite qualifying purchase(s) during the 12-month period immediately preceding the end of the benefit cycle to maintain a higher benefit level. program participants who previously participated in the bbp will qualify for a benefit level based on their historic thriftbooks purchases. your benefit level will, subject to any unforeseen system outages or similar event, be automatically updated on your account within 24 hours of any event that gives rise to a change in benefit level. we reserve the right to modify the benefits offered at each benefit level at any time, without notice to you. reader all active program participants will qualify for reader level. program participants at the reader level will earn program points at a rate of one point per $0.125 spent on qualifying purchases (8 points for every dollar spent on qualifying purchases). bookworm a program participant who has made at least $75 in qualifying purchases during the preceding 12 months will qualify for bookworm level. program participants at the bookworm level will earn program points at a rate of one point per $.111 spent on qualifying purchases (9 points for every dollar spent on qualifying purchases). program participants at the bookworm level will also be given early access to wish list items once back in stock and may receive early access to certain promotions. literati a program participant who has made at least $150 in qualifying purchases during the preceding 12 months will qualify for literati level. program participants at the literati level will earn program points at a rate of one point per $0.10 spent on qualifying purchases (10 points for every dollar spent on qualifying purchases). program participants at the literati level will also be given early access to wish list items once back in stock. program points will be applied to your account after your qualifying order is placed and may take up to 24 hours to be reflected in your account. cumulative qualifying purchases will be calculated on a rolling basis from each date of purchase to determine the program participant?s right to benefits under this section. you will not earn program points in addition to specific promotional bonus program points on the value of those purchases that qualify for promotion-specific bonus program points, unless otherwise explicitly stated in the specific promotion. we may offer additional promotions or bonus program points for specific types of purchases as we determine in our sole discretion. amendments, modifications, and termination of program we reserve the right to modify this agreement or its policies relating to the program at any time, with or without notice, effective upon posting of an updated version of this agreement on our website. we reserve the right to terminate the program at any time, for any reason, even though termination may adversely affect your ability to receive and/or use program benefits. you will have the lesser of the then-remaining term of any program benefit or 30 days from the date program termination is announced to use any unexpired program benefit. you are responsible for regularly reviewing this agreement, and your continued participation in the program after any changes have been made will constitute your consent to such changes. miscellaneous conflict with terms and conditions this agreement complements and incorporates by reference the thrift books terms of use. in the event of any conflict between this agreement and the thrift books terms of use, the thrift books terms of use control. membership fees; no cash value there are no membership fees associated with the program or program points. program points accumulated under the program are promotional and have no cash value. program points have no purpose or use except in exchange for benefits or privileges offered by us under the program. benefits personal to participant; no transfer your program points, free book credits, any other benefits you receive under the program, and your account under the program are personal to you and may not be sold, transferred or assigned to, or shared with, family, friends or others, or used by you for any commercial purpose. you may have only one program account that is personal to you. right to terminate program account we reserve the right to suspend or terminate your account and/or your participation in the program without notice to you if we determine in our sole discretion that you have violated this agreement or that the use of your account is unauthorized, deceptive, fraudulent or otherwise unlawful. we may, in our sole discretion, suspend, cancel or combine accounts that appear to be duplicative. by suspending or deleting your account with readingrewards or thriftbooks, you will forfeit any unredeemed benefits you have earned, including earned and outstanding rewards, program points, and free book credits. if we terminate your account in accordance with this section, we will not be obligated to provide you with program benefits after the termination date. if you re-register an account or create a separate account, you may not transfer your old program participation or benefits to your new registered account. if we terminate your account or participation in the program for any reason, all accumulated program points in your account are void. if you have any questions or concerns regarding any of the terms of this agreement, please feel free to contact us at readingrewards@thriftbooks.com. read less popular categories children's teen and young adult self-help literature & fiction mystery & thriller sci-fi & fantasy romance large print books rare & collectible books website tell-a-friend testimonials e-gift cards blog view mobile site my account settings shopping cart order history wish list partnerships wholesale library partnership quick help help & support shipping costs billing return policy contact us about us our story our purpose our team social responsibility careers news thriftbooks sells millions of used books at the lowest everyday prices. we personally assess every book's quality and offer rare, out-of-print treasures. we deliver the joy of reading in 100% recyclable packaging with free standard shipping on us orders over $10. thriftbooks.com. read more. spend less. follow us link to facebook link to twitter link to pinterest link to tumblr link to instagram copyright © 2020 thriftbooks.com terms of use | privacy policy | do not sell my personal information | accessibility statement thriftbooks® and the thriftbooks® logo are registered trademarks of thrift books global, llc