来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20221228182127/https://www.thriftbooks.com/privacy-policy/
================================================================================

new & used books from thriftbooks - buy cheap books for sale online skip to content search button featured books collectible books movies & tv music video games gifts blog holiday gift guide filter books privacy policy thrift books global llc last updated: april 22, 2022 welcome to thriftbooks. your privacy matters to us. we are committed to protecting your privacy in all aspects of our business. this privacy policy explains what information we collect from you, how we use that information, and some rights you have with respect to the information we collect. please read this document carefully because this privacy policy (“policy”), along with our terms of use, incorporated by reference, describe the legally binding agreement between you (referred to hereinafter as, “you,” “your”, “user,” “guest”, or “visitor”) and us. your use of any of the thriftbooks websites (the “site”), services, applications, or products (collectively, our “services”) is conditioned on your consent to this privacy policy. if you do not wish to be bound by this privacy policy, do not use our services. if you have questions about this privacy policy, please contact thriftbooks at support@thriftbooks.com or toll free at 1-888-979-1408. our partners, affiliates, vendors, and/or third-party websites may have additional privacy policy terms, restrictions, limitations and data collection and protection practices that you should review separately and independently from this policy. we are not liable for the data collection, storage and usage practices of any third-party affiliate, vendor, licensor or the like. personal information. as used in this privacy policy, “personal information” means information that identifies, relates to, describes, references, is capable of being associated with, or could reasonably be linked, directly or indirectly, with a particular individual consumer or household, such as: identifiers (e.g., name, email, telephone number, address, username); sensitive personal information (e.g., government identification number; precise geolocation; racial or ethnic origin; religious beliefs; health information; contents messages when we are not the recipient); legally protected information (e.g., race, citizenship, marital status, sex); employment-related information (e.g. current or past employment); non-public educational information, including information protected under the family educational rights and privacy act (20 u.s.c. § 1232g, 34 c.f.r. part 99); biometrics (e.g., dna, face/voice prints, health data) and audio, electronic, visual, thermal, or olfactory information; inferences drawn from personal information to create a profile about preferences, characteristics, trends, predispositions, behavior, attitudes, intelligence, and aptitudes; commercial information (e.g., products or services purchased, obtained, or considered, or other purchasing or consuming histories or tendencies); and internet or other similar activity (e.g., browsing history; content interactions). personal information does not include (i) publicly available information; (ii) aggregated information, meaning data about a group or category of services or users from which individual identities and other personal information has been removed; or (iii) deidentified information that cannot be easily linked back to the individual. cookies like many websites, thriftbooks uses cookies and similar technologies to collect data related to your use of the services, which may include some personal information. a cookie is a small data file that we transfer to your device to perform various tasks. thriftbooks uses third party cookies by criteo to help with display retargeting of our advertisements on other websites you might visit. you can control the data we collect through cookies by adjusting your device settings, such as blocking pixels and cookies, or by installing a third-party plugin to control how cookies interact with your device. if you block cookies, however, you may not be able to use all portions of the site or all functionality of our services information about childern the services are designed for adults, not children. thriftbooks will never knowingly collect personal information from a child under the age of 18 (“minor”) without express parent or legal guardian consent. thriftbooks only collects and processes personal information of individuals that create an account on the site, and we do not permit minors to create an account on the site without express permission from a parent or legal guardian. please email support@thriftbooks.com if you become aware that thriftbooks has collected personal information from a minor without parental or legal guardian consent, so we can take appropriate action. personal information we collect thriftbooks collects your personal information (i) with your consent; (ii) if we have a legitimate interest in doing so; or (iii) as authorized or required by law. we only collect, use, retain and share your personal information as reasonably necessary and proportionate to achieve our purposes, or for other purposes that we disclose to you and are compatible with the context of how we collected the personal information. in the preceding 12 months, thriftbooks has collected personal information in the categories of identifiers, commercial information, internet and similar activity, and inferences you express while using the services. we collect this information from sources and for purposes described below: when you visit our site, including thriftbooks.com and bookclubhub.com, thriftbooks collects identifiers like your ip address and technical data like your device browser type, the webpage visited before you came to our site, session information and your searches and content interactions on the site. we also deposit and collect information from cookies, as described in more detail in section 2. we use this information to maintain the quality of our services, provide general statistics regarding use of the site, diagnose problems with and secure our servers, to administer the proper functioning and legitimate use of our site, and to improve the nature and marketing of the services. your ip address is also used to gather broad demographic information that does not personally identify you. when you request more information about an item, thriftbooks collects your email address or phone number or both, so that we can respond to your request. when you set up an account with us, we collect your full name and email address and require you to choose a password (your “account information”). we use your account information to identify and administer your account, fulfill your orders, and communicate with you about offers, promotions, discounts, and updates. you may opt-out of promotional communications from thriftbooks, but you cannot opt out of communications that we send you regarding your account. when you order from us, we collect your name, shipping address, telephone number, and email address (your “order information”). this order information is necessary for us to use to process your order, to notify you of your order status, and to fulfill your orders. thriftbooks does not collect, process, or store any payment information. we use a third-party pci-dss compliant payment processor to process all payments. your payment information will not be stored by the payment processor unless you check the box to store this information for future orders. when you order from any third-party marketplace of which we are a part (for example, amazon or ebay), the third-party marketplace will provide to us certain information, including order information, that we will use to process your order, to notify you of your order status, and to fulfill your orders. we are not responsible for the terms of or any breach of any agreement between you and any third-party marketplace, and your personal information is subject to their policies and ours. how we use your personal information thriftbooks uses your personal information to create your account, communicate with you, process your orders, and provide you with our products and services. additionally, we may also use your personal information to: protect your privacy and the privacy of others; send you marketing and promotional communications; send administrative information and notices to you regarding your account; fulfill and manage orders, returns, refunds, features, and other purchases or requests made by you; administer promotions, offers, or discounts; request feedback and to contact you about your use of the site; protect our site from fraud monitoring and prevention; enforce our terms, conditions and policies; comply with a law, regulation, legal process, or order; manage user accounts; respond to data privacy requests; if we believe it is necessary, to identify, contact or bring legal action against persons or entities who may be causing injury to you, to thriftbooks, or to others; and fulfill any other purpose to which you consent. we may post user testimonials and comments on our site upon written notice to you, which may contain personal information. you have the right to request removal of such testimonial and/or comment(s) upon receiving our written notice. controlling your personal information thriftbooks provides you a variety of methods and options to exercise controls over your personal information, such as: updating your account. you can update your account information at any time by logging into your account and saving your changes. marketing messages. if you create a thriftbooks account, thriftbooks may use your account information to send you emails or other communications containing information about thriftbooks and other matters thriftbooks believes will interest you. at any time, you may alter your communication preferences by logging into your account and choosing the email communications you want to receive via the email preferences menu. also, each email thriftbooks sends to you will tell you how to stop receiving further emails from thriftbooks. please note that you must receive at least some emails to be able to place orders. also, you may not opt out of receiving emails containing important information regarding your rights and responsibilities with respect to our services. sms messages. if you opt-in to thriftbooks’ sms notifications, thriftbooks may use your personal information to send you sms messages containing information about thriftbooks and other matters thriftbooks believes will interest you. you may cancel the sms messages at any time by texting “stop” to the short code. after you send the sms message “stop" to us via the short code, we will send you an sms message to confirm that you have been unsubscribed, and you will no longer receive sms messages from us. if you opt-in to thriftbooks’ sms notification service, your personal information will be shared with twilio and will be subject to twilio's privacy policy. if you are experiencing issues with the sms program you can reply with the keyword help for more assistance, or email support@thriftbooks.com. opt-out of disclosure of personal information. to the extent permitted or required by applicable law, you can opt-out of thriftbooks disclosing your personal information to third parties by emailing support@thriftbooks.com. device settings. you can control the data we collect through automated means by adjusting your device settings, such as blocking pixels and cookies or installing a third-party plugin to control how cookies interact with your device. do not track. do not track signals are signals sent through a browser informing us that you do not want to be tracked. currently, our systems do not recognize browser “do-not-track” requests, but you may disable certain tracking via your device settings. consumer privacy requests. if you wish to control your personal information beyond the methods described above, or if you want to express concerns, lodge a complaint, or request information, please send a verifiable consumer privacy request to us by email. thriftbooks will honor your consumer privacy request to the extent provided under the laws that apply to you and to our business. thriftbooks can only fulfill a consumer privacy request when we have sufficient information to verify that the requester is the person or an authorized representative of the person about whom we have collected personal information, and to properly understand, evaluate, and respond to the request. we do not charge a fee to process or respond to a verifiable request unless we have legal grounds to do so. if we determine that the request warrants a fee, we will tell you why we made that decision and provide you with a cost estimate before completing your request. we endeavor to respond to consumer privacy requests in accordance with the requirements of the law applicable to your jurisdiction. for assistance controlling your personal information, or to exercise your legal privacy rights, ask questions or submit a complaint, please email support@thriftbooks.com or, if you are a california resident, you can email ccpa@thriftbooks.com, or call 1-888-979-1408. retention of personal information thriftbooks retains the personal information we collect when you use our services until you request that we delete your personal information. we retain information derived from cookies and other tracking technologies for a reasonable period of time from the date such information was created. we securely retain data logs and records of data requests, outcomes, and response and correspondence timelines for at least 24 months in compliance with the ccpa. we reserve the right to retain your personal information for longer periods if necessary to meet legal or regulatory requirements, especially to comply with commercial and tax retention obligations, to resolve potential disputes or to preserve evidence within the scope of the statutory limitations. how we protect your data thriftbooks uses reasonable and appropriate security measures and practices to help protect your personal information from unauthorized or illegal access, destruction, loss, misuse, disclosure or alteration. access to personal information is limited to employees and contractors as needed to perform their job functions. anyone with this access is subject to strict contractual confidentiality obligations and may be disciplined or terminated if they fail to meet these obligations. we also ensure that our employees, contractors, and agents responsible for handling privacy inquiries are informed of applicable legal requirements and we restrict access to those who need that information to process it. when you place orders or access your account information, we use a secure server. the secure server layer (ssl) encrypts all information you input before it is sent to us. all of the customer data we collect is similarly protected against unauthorized access. that being said, no measures are guaranteed to be 100% secure. you should take steps to protect against unauthorized access to your device and account, including to (1) choose a robust password that nobody else knows or can easily guess and (2) keep your log-in and password private. we are not responsible for any lost, stolen, or compromised passwords or for any activity on your account via unauthorized password activity. we may store your data on servers provided by third party hosting vendors with whom we have contracted. to facilitate global operations, we may transfer and access personal information from around the world, including to servers located inside or outside the united states. by providing information to us, you consent to the transfer and storage of personal information in these locations. we use the following technical safeguards to keep your data safe and secure: unique password requirements and limited employee access; destruction, deletion or de-identification of data; industry standard security protocols; employee training on how to handle sensitive data, breach notice and procedures; secure technology (ssl), server authentication and data encryption and use of firewall to host data; designated security coordinator or team on the thriftbooks team; sub-processors and third-parties are bound to same security practice obligations; backups; and periodic audits. when we may disclose data thriftbooks will only disclose your personal information to the third parties as described in this section, with your permission, or as otherwise permitted or required by applicable law. in the preceding 12 months, we have disclosed all categories of personal information we collected to third-party recipients for a business purpose. we may disclose this information to the following recipients: authorized persons. if you use the services on behalf of another person or organization (such as your employer) (your “authorizing person”), thriftbooks may provide your personal information to that authorizing person. thriftbooks has no control over the use of your personal information by the authorizing person, and that use is not subject to this privacy policy. if you do not wish your personal information to be disclosed to the authorizing person, you should not use the services. service providers. thriftbooks uses third-party service providers like data hosting companies, analytics services, and payment processors that may have access to your personal information to perform their contractual obligations to us. the type of information that we disclose to a service provider will depend on the service that they provide to us. our service providers are subject to contractual agreements that protect your personal information, and we require all service providers to maintain confidentiality standards that are commercially reasonable to ensure the security of your personal information. affiliates we may disclose the information we collect from you to our affiliates or subsidiaries to help us operate our business. if we do disclose your personal information to our affiliates or subsidiaries, their use and disclosure of your personal information will be subject to this privacy policy. analytics services. thriftbooks.com and the thriftbooks app use the clicktale and optimizely customer experience analytics services. these services help us analyze how visitors use our site. we do not collect any personal identifiable information through clicktale or optimizely or transfer personal identifiable information to either service provider. we only use these services to record, on a completely anonymous basis, information such as mouse clicks, mouse movements, scrolling activity as well as non-personally identifiable information text you type in the site. clicktale and optimizely do not create user profiles for the purpose of tracking a user across unrelated websites. for more information, please read the clicktale privacy policy and the optimizely privacy policy. to disable these services, visist clicktale disable or optimizely opt-out. third parties for a business transition. thriftbooks may disclose your personal information to third parties in certain circumstances as permitted by applicable law, for example: (i) if we go through a business transition (e.g., merger, acquisition, or sale of a portion of our assets); (ii) to comply with a legal requirement or a court order; (iii) when we believe it is appropriate in order to take action regarding illegal activities or prevent fraud or harm to any person; (iv) to exercise or defend our legal claims; (v) with our subsidiaries or affiliates; or (vi) for any other reason with your consent. thriftbooks will require the actual or potential acquiring third party to agree to protect the privacy of your personal information in a manner that is consistent with this privacy policy or a similar policy. thriftbooks is not liable for the actual or potential acquiring third party's use or disclosure of your personal information. law enforcement and legal obligations. thriftbooks may disclose your personal information to a government institution that has asserted its lawful authority to obtain the information. thriftbooks may also disclose your personal information if thriftbooks has reasonable grounds to believe the personal information could be useful in the investigation of unlawful activity. thriftbooks may also disclose your personal information to comply with a subpoena, judgment, or warrant or an order made by a court, person, or body with jurisdiction to compel the production of information, or to comply with court rules regarding the production of records and information. thriftbooks has no control over, or liability for, those persons' use and disclosure of your personal information, and their use and disclosure is not subject to this policy. aggregated and de-identified information. thriftbooks reserves the right to disclose, use, or sell aggregated or anonymized information about any individuals with third parties for any purpose, without restriction. for example, we will not disclose that you bought a particular item, but we may disclose how many customers in demographic groups bought that certain item. your privacy rights this section offers instructions to control how thriftbooks collects and uses your personal information and provides the notices of privacy rights as required under the laws applicable to residents of california and other us states, canada, and the eea and uk. california and certain other u.s. states. this section provides the disclosures and notices required under the california consumer privacy act of 2018 (“ccpa”) and offers informational notices to residents of virginia, colorado, nevada, and other u.s. states with laws providing similar protections (each a “consumer”). consumers may exercise the rights below to the extent provided by the laws that apply to the consumer and to thriftbooks, subject to our receipt of a verifiable consumer privacy request and any exceptions and limitations that may apply: right to correct. you may request that we correct inaccurate personal information about you on our systems. if you become aware that the personal information that we hold about you is incorrect, or if your information changes, please inform us and we will update our records. right to deletion. you have the right to request that we delete any of your personal information that we collected and retained, with certain exceptions. thriftbooks may permanently delete, deidentify, or aggregate the personal information in response to a request for deletion. if you submit a consumer privacy request to delete your personal information, we will confirm the personal information to be deleted prior to its deletion, and we will notify you when your request is complete. limited use and disclosure of sensitive personal information. thriftbooks does not seek to collect sensitive personal information about any individual. in no case will thriftbooks use or disclose any sensitive personal information for the purpose of inferring characteristics about you. if this ever changes in the future, we will update this privacy policy and provide you with methods to limit use and disclosure of sensitive personal information opt-out of ccpa sharing of personal information thriftbooks discloses personal information collected via cookies as part of our display retargeting advertising efforts, which may qualify as “sharing” personal information under the ccpa. you can prevent your personal information from being disclosed and used in this manner by adjusting your device settings to block cookies or by installing a third-party plugin to control how cookies interact with your device. no ccpa sale of personal information. thriftbooks does not exchange personal information with third parties for compensation. if this changes in the future, we will update this privacy policy and provide you with a method to opt-out of such sale. right to opt-out of profiling. the services do not use automated processing for profiling purposes. if this changes in the future, we will update this posting to describe our use of profiling and your methods to opt-out. right to access. you have the right to request that we provide you with access to specific pieces of personal information we have collected about you over the past 12 months (also called a data portability request). if you submit an access request, we will provide you with copies of the requested pieces of personal information in a portable and readily usable format. please note that thriftbooks may be prohibited by law from disclosing pieces of personal information that would create a substantial, articulable, and unreasonable risk to the security of the information, our business systems, or your account. under the ccpa, thriftbooks is only required by law to respond to two access requests within a 12-month period. right to disclosure. you may request that we disclose information to you about our collection and use of your personal information over the past 12 months, such as: (a) the categories of personal information we have collected about you; (b) the categories of sources for the personal information we have collected about you; (c) our business purpose for collecting or selling that personal information; (d) the categories of third parties with whom we share that personal information; and (e) if we sold or shared your personal information under the ccpa, two separate lists stating: (i) sales or sharing, identifying the personal information categories that each category of recipient purchased; and (ii) disclosures for a business purpose, identifying the personal information categories that each category of recipient obtained. under the ccpa, thriftbooks is only required to respond to two disclosure requests within a 12-month period. right to nondiscrimination. we will not discriminate against you for exercising your privacy rights. unless permitted by law, we will not: (i) deny you goods or services; (ii) charge you different prices or rates for goods or services; (iii) provide you a different level or quality of goods or services; (iv) retaliate against you as an employee, applicant for employment, or independent contractor for exercising your privacy rights; or (v) suggest that you may receive a different price or rate for goods or services or a different level or quality of goods or services, because you exercised a right under applicable privacy laws. right to disclosure of marketing information. california's shine the light act (civil code sections 1798.83-1798.84) entitles california residents to request certain disclosures regarding personal information sharing with affiliates and/or third parties for marketing purposes. canada. this section provides supplemental information in compliance with canada's personal information protection and electronic documents act (“pipeda”). this section applies solely to residents of canada where pipeda applies (“canadian consumers”). pipeda gives canadian consumers specific rights regarding personal information offering details on an identifiable person without the inclusion of name, title, telephone number, and business address of an employee of a business or organization. the following paragraphs describe pipeda rights and explain how to exercise those rights. right to know why we collect, use, and distribute the personal information we process. we have set the required notices in this privacy policy. we may provide you with additional notices about other ways we process your personal information, such as by sending you a notice via email or by other means of communication. right to expect us to collect, use, or disclose personal information responsibly and not for any other purpose other than which you consented. we set your expectations in this privacy policy and collect express or implied consent at various stages of collection or processing. if we collect or use your personal information based on your consent, we will also notify you of any changes and will request your further consent as needed. you may withdraw your consent at any time with reasonable notice via email. right to accuracy of your personal information. we take steps to reasonably ensure that your personal information we are using is accurate. in most cases, we rely on you to ensure that your information is current, complete, and accurate. we provide methods for you to correct, update, and delete inaccurate personal information in your account, and we will provide you with reasonable assistance to ensure that your personal information is accurate in our systems and with our service providers. right to access your personal information upon written request and identity authentication, we will provide you with your personal information under our control, information about the ways in which that information is being used and a description of the individuals and organizations to whom that information has been disclosed. we will make the information available within 30 days or provide written notice where additional time is required to fulfil the request. if limited by law or potential infringement on another's privacy rights, we may not be able to provide access to some or all of the personal information you request. if we must refuse an access request, we will notify you in writing, document the reasons for refusal, and outline further steps that are available to you. european economic area and united kingdom. this section is provided to comply with the general data protection regulations (“gdpr”) and its counterpart regulation applicable to residents of the united kingdom. this section applies solely to residents of the eea and the united kingdom (“data subjects”). thriftbooks collects and processing personal information of data subjects as a controller. if you are a data subject, you have the following rights in relation to the personal information we hold about you: right to know how we process your personal information. we have set the required notices in this privacy policy. we may provide you with additional notices about other ways we process your personal information, such as by sending you a notice via email or by other means of communication. right to access your personal information. you can request to access your personal information. upon request, we will provide you with a copy of your personal information, along with details about the types of personal information we process, why we process it, and any third parties we work with to collect personal information on our behalf. we may have one or more legally valid reasons to refuse your request in whole or in part, for example, to protect the rights of other individuals. right to restrict processing of your personal information. you can request that we restrict the processing of your personal information if: (i) the data is inaccurate; (ii) the processing is unlawful; (iii) we no longer need the personal information; or (iv) you exercise your right to object. right to rectify your personal information. if you become aware that the personal information that we hold about you is incorrect, or if your information changes, please inform us and we will update our records. right to data portability. in some circumstances, we are required to provide your personal information to another organization at your request and in a structured, commonly used machine-readable format, so that the other organization can read and use it. right to data erasure (a.k.a. the “right to be forgotten”). upon your request, and in certain circumstances and where we are required to do so by law, we are required to delete or anonymize your personal information. this right is not absolute, and we may be entitled to retain and process your personal information despite your request. if you make this request, we balance certain legal, contractual, and business interests against your right to request the deletion of your personal information. right to object to certain processing of your personal information. upon your request, and in certain circumstances and where we are required to do so by law, we will limit our processing of your personal information as you request. right to not be subject to automated decision-making (“adm”). thriftbooks does not use adm to provide the services. if this changes in the future, we will update this posting to describe our use of adm and your options to exercise your right to not be subject to adm. right to complain. if you are a resident of the eea and you believe we are unlawfully processing your personal information, you also have the right to complain to your local data protection supervisory authority. if you are a resident in switzerland, you have the right to complain to the swiss data protection authorities. lawful bases for processing your personal information thriftbooks will only use your personal information if we have a lawful basis for doing so. lawful bases for processing include consent, contractual necessity, and our “legitimate interests” or the legitimate interest of others, as further described below. consent. in some cases, we process personal information based on the consent you expressly grant to us at the time we collect such data. when we process personal information based on your consent, it will be expressly indicated to you at the point and time of collection. to withdraw your consent, please email us at support@thriftbooks.com. contractual necessity. we process some personal information because we need to process the data to perform under our terms of use with you, which enables us to provide you with the thriftbooks services (as defined in the conditions of use). when we process data due to contractual necessity, failure to provide such personal information will result in your inability to use some or all portions of the services that require such data. legitimate interest. we may process personal information when we believe doing so furthers our legitimate interest. our legitimate interests may include operation and improvement of the services; marketing the services; provision of customer support; protection from fraud or security threats; completion of corporate transactions; and compliance with legal obligations. other lawful bases. from time to time, we may also need to process personal information to comply with a legal obligation, if it is necessary to protect the vital interests of you or other data subjects, or if it is necessary for a task carried out in the public interest. links to third-party websites our site and certain of our products may contain links to websites owned or operated by third parties. thriftbooks offers these links as a convenience, but we are not responsible for and have no ability to control the privacy and data collection, use, and disclosure practices of any third party. when you click on links that take you to external websites or platforms, you will be subject to their privacy policies and practices and not ours. you are encouraged to review and understand the privacy policies of such websites or platforms before submitting any information. consent to cross-border transfers of personal information thriftbooks is owned and operated in the united states and uses technical infrastructure in the united states and other jurisdictions to provide our services. if you access the services from outside the u.s., please be aware that the personal information we collect about you may be transferred to, processed, stored, and used in the u.s. or other jurisdictions. when your information is moved from your home country to another country, the laws and rules that protect your personal information laws in the u.s. (and other countries) may differ from the laws where you reside. for example, if your information is in the united states, it may be accessed by government authorities in accordance with u.s. law. thriftbooks is dedicated to ensuring lawful mechanisms are employed for all cross-border data transfers. to the extent that thriftbooks is deemed to transfer personal information from the eea to outside of the eea, we do so on the legal basis that such transfer is necessary to provide you with the services you choose to use. by allowing us to collect personal information about you, you consent to the transfer and processing of your personal information as described in this paragraph. we do not warrant that our services are appropriate or authorized for use in any other jurisdictions. you are solely responsible for determining whether your use of our services complies with applicable laws. privacy policy updates thriftbooks may update this privacy policy from time to time. we will notify you of any material changes by posting the new privacy policy to our site. your continued use of the site thereafter shall constitute immediate acceptance of all revised, modified and/or amended terms to this policy. however, you should review the most up-to-date version of the policy from time-to-time on the site. we will notify you of any material changes, amendments, or modifications to the policy through the site, or through other communication. in the event you choose not to agree and accept the new, modified or amended terms, you must cease use of the site. privacy contact thriftbooks welcomes your questions and comments about privacy. you may contact us at any time at support@thriftbooks.com or thrift books global, llc, 18300 cascade ave s #150, tukwila, wa 98188. residents of california can contact thriftbooks at ccpa@thriftbooks.com or toll free at 1-888-979-1408. trustpilot popular categories children's teen and young adult self-help literature & fiction mystery & thriller sci-fi & fantasy romance large print books rare & collectible books website sharebooklove educator benefits e-gift cards blog view mobile site my account settings shopping cart order history wish list partnerships library program wholesale quick help help & support shipping costs billing return policy contact us about us our story our purpose our team social responsibility careers news testimonials thriftbooks sells millions of used books at the lowest everyday prices. we personally assess every book's quality and offer rare, out-of-print treasures. we deliver the joy of reading in recyclable packaging with free standard shipping on us orders over $15. thriftbooks.com. read more. spend less. follow us link to facebook link to twitter link to pinterest link to tumblr link to instagram copyright © 2022 thriftbooks.com terms of use | privacy policy | do not sell or share my personal information | accessibility statement thriftbooks® and the thriftbooks® logo are registered trademarks of thrift books global, llc