来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20231230043626/https://www.thriftbooks.com/privacy-policy/
================================================================================

new & used books from thriftbooks - buy cheap books for sale online skip to content search button gift guides featured books collectible books entertainment gifts e-gift cards filter books privacy policy thrift books global llc last updated: december 18, 2023 this privacy policy for thrift books global llc ("thriftbooks," "us" or "we") explains how we collect and treat information when you use thriftbooks.com, bookclubhub.com, or our other websites or online channels (the "site"), or any of our other services, applications, or products (collectively with the site, our "services"). this privacy policy is governed by our terms of use and applies to your use of our services in any manner. you consent to this privacy policy by clicking to accept or consent wherever that option is made available to you on the services, or by simply visiting or using our services. if you do not agree with our privacy practices, do not use our services. if you have questions about this privacy policy, please contact us at support@thriftbooks.com or toll free at 1-888-979-1408. personal information. as used in this privacy policy, "personal information" means information that identifies, relates to, describes, references, is capable of being associated with, or could reasonably be linked, directly or indirectly, with a particular individual consumer or household, such as: identifiers (e.g., name, email, telephone number, address, username); sensitive personal information (e.g., government identification number; precise geolocation; racial or ethnic origin; religious beliefs; health information; contents messages when we are not the recipient; in some cases, information about a user known to be a child); legally protected information (e.g., race, citizenship, marital status, sex); employment-related information (e.g. current or past employment); non-public educational information, including information protected under the family educational rights and privacy act (20 u.s.c. § 1232g, 34 c.f.r. part 99); biometrics (e.g., dna, face/voice prints, health data) and audio, electronic, visual, thermal, or olfactory information; commercial information (e.g., products or services purchased, obtained, or considered, or other purchasing or consuming histories or tendencies); internet or other similar activity (e.g., browsing history; content interactions); or inferences drawn from personal information to create a profile about preferences, characteristics, trends, predispositions, behavior, attitudes, intelligence, and aptitudes. note that privacy laws sometimes exclude publicly available information, aggregated information (meaning data summaries or reports with personal information removed), or anonymized information that cannot be linked back to an individual. children's privacy online some of the books and other media sold by thriftbooks is designed for children, but the site and our other online services are for adults only. we will never knowingly collect personal information from a child online without consent from the child's legal guardian. if we learn we have collected a child's personal information online without legal guardian consent, we will delete it from our systems. please email support@thriftbooks.com if you believe we have collected a child's personal information online. collection and use of personal information thriftbooks collects personal information: (a) with consent, as informed by this privacy policy and freely given when you provide the information; (b) if we are contractually required to do so; (c) if we have a legitimate interest in doing so; or (d) as authorized or required by law. we only collect, use, retain and disclose your personal information as reasonably necessary and proportionate to achieve our purposes, as adequate and relevant to the specific, express purposes described in this privacy notice, or for other purposes that we disclose to you and are compatible with the context of collection. in the preceding 12 months, thriftbooks has collected personal information in the categories of identifiers, commercial information, internet and similar activity, and inferences you express while using the services. we collect this information from sources and for purposes described below: when you visit our site, we use cookies and related technologies to collect identifiers like your ip address and data from your internet and similar activity like your device browser type, the webpage visited before you came to our site, session information and your searches and content interactions on the site. we use this information to maintain the quality of our services, provide general statistics regarding use of the site, diagnose problems with and secure our servers, to administer the proper functioning and legitimate use of our site, and to improve the nature and marketing of the services. when you set up a thriftbooks account, we collect your full name and email address and require you to choose a password (your "account information"). we use your account information to identify and administer your account, fulfill your orders, and communicate with you about offers, promotions, discounts, and updates. you may opt-out of promotional communications from thriftbooks, but you cannot opt out of communications that we send you regarding your account. when you contact us. if you contact us to request more information about an item, we will collect your email address or phone number or both, so that we can respond to your request. if you participate in a phone call with a member of our team, we may monitor or record the call for quality or training purposes. you will be notified of this at the start of the call, and you consent by staying on the line after receiving the notification. calls are anonymized while the call is in progress, and we won't store a call recording that contains your personal information. we use the information we gather from calls to ensure the quality of our services, to train our team, and for other thriftbooks internal business purposes. additionally, if you provide a testimonial or comment about our services, we may post it on our site after giving you written notice. upon your written request, we will remove your testimonial or comment from the site. when you participate in a live chat on our site. if you participate in a live chat on our site, we collect and record any information, including personal information, that you choose to include in your chats with us. please note that our live chat feature is made possible through our relationship with a third-party service provider, and your chats may be accessible simultaneously and in real-time by that third-party service provider. by initiating or continuing a live chat on the site, you consent to our third-party service provider accessing your chats. if you do not consent to such access to your chats, you should not initiate or participate in a chat on our site. when you place an order, we collect your name, shipping address, telephone number, and email address (your "order information"). this order information is necessary for us to use to process your order, to notify you of your order status, and to fulfill your orders. thriftbooks does not collect, process, or store any payment information. we use a third-party pci-dss compliant payment processor to process all payments. your payment information will not be stored by the payment processor unless you check the box to store this information for future orders. 17 when you order from us on a third-party marketplace (for example, amazon or ebay), the third-party marketplace will provide to us certain information, including order information, that we will use to process your order, to notify you of your order status, and to fulfill your orders. we are not responsible for the terms of or any breach of any agreement between you and any third-party marketplace, and your personal information is subject to their policies and ours. how thriftbooks uses personal information thriftbooks uses your personal information to create your account, communicate with you, process your orders, and provide you with our products and services. additionally, we may also use your personal information to: protect your privacy and the privacy of others; send you marketing and promotional communications; send administrative information and notices to you regarding your account; fulfill and manage orders, returns, refunds, features, and other purchases or requests made by you; administer promotions, offers, or discounts; request feedback and to contact you about your use of the site; protect our site from fraud monitoring and prevention; enforce our terms, conditions and policies; comply with a law, regulation, legal process, or order; manage user accounts; respond to data privacy requests; if we believe it is necessary, to identify, contact or bring legal action against persons or entities who may be causing injury to you, to thriftbooks, or to others; or fulfill any other purpose to which you consent. thriftbooks will not collect additional categories of personal information or use already collected personal information for purposes that are materially different, unrelated, or not reasonably necessary or compatible with the original purpose without notice and consent to you as required by law. cookies like many websites, thriftbooks uses cookies and similar technologies to collect data related to your use of the services, which may include some personal information. a cookie is a small data file that we transfer to your device to perform various tasks. thriftbooks uses first-party and third-party cookies to support site functionality, security, analytics, and for advertising purposes. see our cookie notice to learn more. to control the data thriftbooks collects through cookies, click the cookie preferences link posted in the footer of our site. the cookie preferences link will activate an interactive sidebar where you can: toggle cookie permissions on and off to permit or prevent the site from dropping certain categories of cookies to your device. click "view cookies" to see a current list of cookies used on the site. select "do not sell or share my personal information" to opt-out of thriftbooks selling personal information about you or sharing your personal information with third parties for online targeted advertising activities. you can also control how cookies and related technologies interact with your device by adjusting your device settings. for example, you can change your settings to block pixels and cookies or you can install a third-party plugin to control how cookies interact with your device. if you block cookies, you may not be able to use all portions of the site or all functionality of our services. retention of personal information thriftbooks retains the personal information we collect for the duration necessary to achieve our business goals. more specifically, we retain your account information and order history until you delete it or request that we delete it from our systems. data derived from cookies and other tracking technologies is retained for as little as a few minutes to as much as 24 months depending on the period necessary to achieve our purpose for collection of that data. we securely retain data logs and records of data requests, outcomes, and response and correspondence timelines for at least 24 months as part of our compliance with privacy laws. thriftbooks reserves the right to retain personal information for longer periods if necessary to meet our legal requirements, for example for compliance with commercial or tax retention obligations or to preserve evidence or resolve potential disputes. disclosure of personal information thriftbooks will only disclose your personal information to the third parties as described in this section, with your permission, or as otherwise permitted or required by applicable law. in the preceding 12 months, we have disclosed all categories of personal information we collected to third-party recipients for a business purpose. we may disclose this information to the following recipients: authorized persons. if you use the services on behalf of another person or organization (such as your employer) (your "authorizing person"), thriftbooks may provide your personal information to that authorizing person. thriftbooks has no control over the use of your personal information by the authorizing person, and that use is not subject to this privacy policy. if you do not wish your personal information to be disclosed to the authorizing person, you should not use the services. our service providers. thriftbooks uses third-party service providers like our chat service provider (see paragraph 7.3 for details), data hosting companies, analytics services, and payment processors that may have access to your personal information to perform their contractual obligations to us. the type of information that we disclose to a service provider will depend on the service that they provide to us. our service providers are subject to contractual agreements that protect your personal information, and we require all service providers to maintain confidentiality standards that are commercially reasonable to ensure the security of your personal information. our live chat provider. to enable our live chat, we may transfer certain data to our third-party live chat service provider simultaneously and in real time. our chat service provider will only use your chat data to facilitate your chat and provide you with support, to provide thriftbooks with the live chat feature, or for internal operations purposes. by participating in a live chat, you consent to disclosure of your chats, and the data you include in those chats, to our third-party service providers, and you waive any potential eavesdropping or wiretapping claims. our telephone service provider. our help & support call system leverages ai-driven technology to provide you with efficient and accurate answers to your questions. calls with our team may be monitored or recorded by thriftbooks using our third-party telephone service provider, and your call may be transcribed or anonymized using ai technology. our service provider will only use your call data to facilitate your call with our team, to help us improve the customer experience we offer, or for thriftbooks internal purposes. you will be notified of monitoring or recording at the start of the call. by staying on the line after receiving notification, you consent to monitoring and recording of your calls by thriftbooks and our telephone service provider, and disclosure of the information you include in your calls to our third-party service providers, and you waive any potential eavesdropping, wiretapping, or data protection claims. our affiliates. we may disclose certain personal information to our affiliates or subsidiaries to help us operate our business. however, we will not disclose mobile opt-in originator data with third parties for marketing purposes. if we do disclose your personal information to our affiliates or subsidiaries, their use and disclosure of your personal information will be subject to this privacy policy. our marketing service providers. thriftbooks works with select marketing service providers to market our services across platforms. for example, we place pixels on the site to track and report on your content interactions and to serve you with tailored advertisements when you visit social media and other platforms. we may cross-reference our list of registered customers with marketing service providers that enable you to offer your own custom promo code or discounts to your friends and family. thriftbooks discloses personal information in this manner to achieve our legitimate interest of marketing our services to new and existing customers. you can opt-out of these disclosures by following the instructions under how to control your personal information. third parties for a business transition. thriftbooks may disclose your personal information to third parties in certain circumstances as permitted by applicable law, for example: (i) if we go through a business transition (e.g., merger, acquisition, or sale of a portion of our assets); (ii) to comply with a legal requirement or a court order; (iii) when we believe it is appropriate in order to take action regarding illegal activities or prevent fraud or harm to any person; (iv) to exercise or defend our legal claims; (v) with our subsidiaries or affiliates; or (vi) for any other reason with your consent. thriftbooks will require the actual or potential acquiring third party to agree to protect the privacy of your personal information in a manner that is consistent with this privacy policy or a similar policy. thriftbooks is not liable for the actual or potential acquiring third party's use or disclosure of your personal information. law enforcement and legal obligations. thriftbooks may disclose your personal information to a government institution that has asserted its lawful authority to obtain the information. thriftbooks may also disclose your personal information if thriftbooks has reasonable grounds to believe the personal information could be useful in the investigation of unlawful activity. thriftbooks may also disclose your personal information to comply with a subpoena, judgment, or warrant or an order made by a court, person, or body with jurisdiction to compel the production of information, or to comply with court rules regarding the production of records and information. thriftbooks has no control over, or liability for, those persons' use and disclosure of your personal information, and their use and disclosure is not subject to this policy. aggregated and de-identified information. thriftbooks reserves the right to disclose, use, or sell aggregated or anonymized information about any individuals with third parties for any purpose, without restriction. for example, we will not disclose that you bought a particular item, but we may disclose how many customers in demographic groups bought that certain item. how to control your personal information thriftbooks has carefully and thoughtfully built in a variety of options for you to control your privacy when using our services: your account. you can access, correct, update, or delete your account information by logging into your thriftbooks account and using the lefthand menu on the "my account" page to make your changes to selections. our referral program. thriftbooks has a refer-a-friend program that allows current thriftbooks customers to offer promo codes and other promotions to their friends. you must only use the refer-a-friend program for email addresses that you have permission to contact and share with us. thriftbooks customers and their referees can learn more about the referral program's privacy practices and how to exercise their privacy rights. opt-out of sharing personal information. thriftbooks sometimes shares personal information with third parties to serve you with tailored ads on other platforms. to opt-out of this sharing, disable thriftbooks advertising cookies via the cookie consent banner on our site or adjust your device settings to block advertising cookies from your browser. if you need support, please contact support@thriftbooks.com. opt-out of the sale of personal information. our use of advertising cookies on the site may qualify as a "sale" of personal information under certain privacy laws. you may disable thriftbooks advertising cookies via the cookie preferences link in the site footer or by adjusting your device settings to block advertising cookies from your browser. if you need support, please contact support@thriftbooks.com. opt-out of interest based ads: you may limit our use of information collected from or about your mobile device for purposes of serving online behavioral advertising to you by going to your device settings and selecting "limit ad tracking" (for ios devices) or "opt-out of interest-based ads" (for android devices). marketing messages. thriftbooks may use your account information to send you emails or other messages about thriftbooks or other topics we think might interest you. you can change how we communicate with you at any time by updating your communication preferences on your account. additionally, each email we send to you will offer links to unsubscribe to future emails. even if you opt out of marketing emails, we may continue to contact you about your existing orders or your account. sms messages. if you opt-in to thriftbooks' sms notifications, thriftbooks may use your personal information to send you sms messages containing information about thriftbooks and other matters thriftbooks believes will interest you. you may cancel the sms messages at any time by texting "stop" to the short code. after you send the sms message "stop" to us via the short code, we will send you an sms message to confirm that you have been unsubscribed, and you will no longer receive sms messages from us. if you opt-in to thriftbooks' sms notification service, your personal information will be shared with twilio and will be subject to twilio's privacy policy. if you are experiencing issues with the sms program you can reply with the keyword help for more assistance, or email support@thriftbooks.com. device settings. you can control the data we collect through automated means by adjusting your device settings, such as blocking pixels and cookies or installing a third-party plugin to control how cookies interact with your device. do not track. do not track signals are signals sent through a browser informing us that you do not want to be tracked. currently, our systems do not recognize browser "do-not-track" requests, but you may disable certain tracking via your device settings. block location tracking. you can stop all collection of information by an app by uninstalling it. you can also reset your device ad id at any time through your device settings, which is designed to allow you to limit the use of information collected about you. you can stop all collection of precise location data through an app by uninstalling the app or withdrawing your consent through your device settings. consumer privacy requests. most of your privacy rights can be exercised by logging into your account and making selections in the lefthand menu on the "my account" page. however, if you require assistance or would like to express a concern or lodge a complaint, thriftbooks invites you to contact us or send us an email to support@thriftbooks.com or call toll free 1-888-979-1408. thriftbooks will honor your request as required by applicable law. please be aware that we can only fulfill a privacy request when we have sufficient information to verify that the requester is the person or an authorized representative of the person about whom we have collected personal information, and to properly understand, evaluate, and respond to the request. we do not charge a fee to process or respond to a verifiable request unless we have legal grounds to do so. if we determine that the request warrants a fee, we will tell you why we made that decision and provide you with a cost estimate before completing your request. we endeavor to respond to consumer privacy requests in accordance with the requirements of the law applicable to your jurisdiction. how we protect your data thriftbooks has implemented and maintains reasonable and appropriate security measures and practices to help protect your personal information from unauthorized or illegal access, destruction, loss, misuse, disclosure, or alteration. our security measures include encryption, access controls, and other technical and physical security measures as appropriate to the volume, scope, and nature of the personal data processed and designed to meet our duty of care with respect to your personal information. access to personal information is limited to employees and contractors as needed to perform their job functions. anyone with this access is subject to strict contractual confidentiality obligations and may be disciplined or terminated if they fail to meet these obligations. we also ensure that our employees, contractors, and agents responsible for handling privacy inquiries are informed of applicable legal requirements, and we restrict access to those who need that information to process it. when you place orders or access your account information, we use a secure server. the secure server layer (ssl) encrypts all information you input before it is sent to us. all of the customer data we collect is similarly protected against unauthorized access. that being said, no measures are guaranteed to be 100% secure. you should take steps to protect against unauthorized access to your device and account, including to (1) choose a robust password that nobody else knows or can easily guess and (2) keep your log-in and password private. we are not responsible for any lost, stolen, or compromised passwords or for any activity on your account via unauthorized password activity. your privacy rights depending on where you live or are located, you may have certain rights over your personal information that we collect and retain. to exercise your rights, you can contact us or send us an email to support@thriftbooks.com or call toll free 1-888-979-1408. u.s. privacy rights. in the united states, consumer privacy is governed by federal privacy laws covering specific industries or data uses and state privacy laws providing with general consumer privacy rights. this section provides informational notices for state privacy laws applicable to residents of california, colorado, connecticut, nevada, utah, virginia, and other states that require companies to inform consumers about their privacy rights and provide a method to exercise those rights. residents of states offering privacy protections (each a "consumer") may have some or all of the following rights: right to correct. you have the right to correct inaccurate personal information about you on our systems. to do so, login to your account to update your personal information and save your changes. please contact us if you require assistance. right to delete. you have the right to request that we delete any of your personal information that we collected and retained, with certain exceptions. you can request that we delete your personal information by submitting a delete my data request through your account. in response, we may permanently delete, deidentify, or aggregate your personal information. right to access. you have the right to request that we provide you with access to specific pieces of personal information we have collected about you over the past 12 months (also called a data portability request). to access your data, login to your account and click view my data. if you need support, you can contact us or send an email to support@thriftbooks.com. please note that we may be prohibited by law from disclosing pieces of personal information that would create a substantial, articulable, and unreasonable risk to the security of the information, our business systems, or your account. right to opt-out of sharing. thriftbooks may share your personal information with select marketing service providers to display targeted ads to you or to enable our referral program. some privacy laws entitle you to opt-out of these disclosures. to opt-out, you can disable thriftbooks advertising cookies via the cookie consent banner on our site or adjust your device settings to block advertising cookies from your browser. if you need support, please contact support@thriftbooks.com. right to opt-out of the sale of your personal information. some privacy laws entitle consumers to opt-out of the exchange of their personal information for compensation. our use of advertising cookies on the site, our referral program, and similar programs, may qualify as a "sale" of personal information under certain privacy laws. you may disable thriftbooks advertising cookies via the cookie preferences link in the site footer or by adjusting your device settings to block advertising cookies from your browser. you may choose not to participate in our referral program, and you may adjust your settings for the referral program as described in section 8.2 above. if you need support, please contact support@thriftbooks.com. limited use and disclosure of sensitive personal information. thriftbooks does not seek to collect sensitive personal information about any individual. in no case will thriftbooks use or disclose any sensitive personal information for the purpose of inferring characteristics about you. if this ever changes in the future, we will update this privacy policy and provide you with methods to limit use and disclosure of sensitive personal information. right to opt-out of profiling. thriftbooks may use artificial intelligence or machine learning to provide certain aspects of the services, but we do not use automated processing for profiling purposes. if this changes in the future, we will update this posting to describe our use of profiling and your methods to opt-out. right to disclosure. you may request that we disclose information to you about our collection and use of your personal information over the past 12 months, such as: (a) the categories of personal information we have collected about you; (b) the categories of sources for the personal information we have collected about you; (c) our business purpose for collecting or selling that personal information; (d) the categories of third parties with whom we disclose that personal information; and (e) if we sold or shared your personal information under the ccpa, two separate lists stating: (i) sales or sharing, identifying the personal information categories that each category of recipient purchased; and (ii) disclosures for a business purpose, identifying the personal information categories that each category of recipient obtained. under the ccpa, thriftbooks is only required to respond to two disclosure requests within a 12-month period. right to nondiscrimination. we will not discriminate against you for exercising your privacy rights. unless permitted by law, we will not: (i) deny you goods or services; (ii) charge you different prices or rates for goods or services; (iii) provide you a different level or quality of goods or services; (iv) retaliate against you as an employee, applicant for employment, or independent contractor for exercising your privacy rights; or (v) suggest that you may receive a different price or rate for goods or services or a different level or quality of goods or services, because you exercised a right under applicable privacy laws. right to disclosure of marketing information. california's shine the light act (civil code sections 1798.83-1798.84) entitles california residents to request certain disclosures regarding personal information sharing with affiliates and/or third parties for marketing purposes. canada. this section provides supplemental information in compliance with canada's personal information protection and electronic documents act ("pipeda"). this section applies solely to residents of canada where pipeda applies ("canadian consumers"). pipeda gives canadian consumers specific rights regarding personal information offering details on an identifiable person without the inclusion of name, title, telephone number, and business address of an employee of a business or organization. the following paragraphs describe pipeda rights and explain how to exercise those rights. right to know why we collect, use, and distribute the personal information we process. we have set the required notices in this privacy policy. we may provide you with additional notices about other ways we process your personal information, such as by sending you a notice via email or by other means of communication. right to expect us to collect, use, or disclose personal information responsibly and not for any other purpose other than which you consented. we set your expectations in this privacy policy and collect express or implied consent at various stages of collection or processing. if we collect or use your personal information based on your consent, we will also notify you of any changes and will request your further consent as needed. you may withdraw your consent at any time with reasonable notice via email. right to accuracy of your personal information. we take steps to reasonably ensure that your personal information we are using is accurate. in most cases, we rely on you to ensure that your information is current, complete, and accurate. we provide methods for you to correct, update, and delete inaccurate personal information in your account, and we will provide you with reasonable assistance to ensure that your personal information is accurate in our systems and with our service providers. right to access your personal information. upon written request and identity authentication, we will provide you with your personal information under our control, information about the ways in which that information is being used and a description of the individuals and organizations to whom that information has been disclosed. we will make the information available within 30 days or provide written notice where additional time is required to fulfil the request. if limited by law or potential infringement on another's privacy rights, we may not be able to provide access to some or all of the personal information you request. if we must refuse an access request, we will notify you in writing, document the reasons for refusal, and outline further steps that are available to you. european economic area and united kingdom. this section is provided to comply with the general data protection regulations ("gdpr") and its counterpart regulation applicable to residents of the united kingdom. this section applies solely to residents of the eea and the united kingdom ("data subjects"). if thriftbooks collects or processes personal information of data subjects, we generally do so as a controller. however, if we process personal information for a third-party marketplace, we do so as a processor. if you are a data subject, you have the following rights in relation to the personal information we hold about you: right to know how we process your personal information. we have set the required notices in this privacy policy. we may provide you with additional notices about other ways we process your personal information, such as by sending you a notice via email or by other means of communication. right to access your personal information. you can request to access your personal information. upon request, we will provide you with a copy of your personal information, along with details about the types of personal information we process, why we process it, and any third parties we work with to collect personal information on our behalf. we may have one or more legally valid reasons to refuse your request in whole or in part, for example, to protect the rights of other individuals. right to restrict processing of your personal information. you can request that we restrict the processing of your personal information if: (i) the data is inaccurate; (ii) the processing is unlawful; (iii) we no longer need the personal information; or (iv) you exercise your right to object. right to rectify your personal information. if you become aware that the personal information that we hold about you is incorrect, or if your information changes, please inform us and we will update our records. right to data portability. in some circumstances, we are required to provide your personal information to another organization at your request and in a structured, commonly used machine-readable format, so that the other organization can read and use it. right to erasure (a.k.a. the "right to be forgotten"). upon your request, and in certain circumstances and where we are required to do so by law, we are required to delete or anonymize your personal information. this right is not absolute, and we may be entitled to retain and process your personal information despite your request. if you make this request, we balance certain legal, contractual, and business interests against your right to request the deletion of your personal information. right to object to certain processing of your personal information. upon your request, and in certain circumstances and where we are required to do so by law, we will limit our processing of your personal information as you request. right to not be subject to automated decision-making ("adm"). thriftbooks does not use adm to provide the services. if this changes in the future, we will update this posting to describe our use of adm and your options to exercise your right to not be subject to adm. right to complain. if you are a resident of the eea and you believe we are unlawfully processing your personal information, you also have the right to complain to your local data protection supervisory authority. if you are a resident in switzerland, you have the right to complain to the swiss data protection authorities. consent to cross-border transfers of personal information thriftbooks is a united states company using technical infrastructure in the united states and other countries. if you visit our site or use our services from outside the united states, please be aware that your personal information may be transferred to, processed, stored, and used in the united states or other jurisdictions. by allowing us to collect personal information about you, you consent to the transfer and processing of your personal information as described in this section. when your information is moved from your home country to another country, the laws and rules that protect your personal information in the country to which your information is transferred may be different from those of the country where you live. for example, if your information is in the united states, it may be accessed by government authorities under united states law. you are solely responsible for determining whether your use of the services complies with applicable laws. we are committed to transferring personal information using a lawful data transfer mechanism. when we transmit data from the eu to the united states or other jurisdictions, we do so pursuant to standard contract clauses approved by the european commission and employ those security measures required by the country in question to secure the data. however, we do not warrant that our services are appropriate or authorized for use in any other jurisdictions. privacy policy updates thriftbooks may update this privacy policy from time to time. we will notify you of any material changes by posting the new privacy policy to our site. your continued use of the site thereafter shall constitute immediate acceptance of all revised, modified and/or amended terms to this policy. however, you should review the most up-to-date version of the policy from time-to-time on the site. we will notify you of any material changes, amendments, or modifications to the policy through the site, or through other communication. in the event you choose not to agree and accept the new, modified or amended terms, you must cease use of the site. links to third-party websites our site and certain of our products may contain links to websites owned or operated by third parties. thriftbooks offers these links as a convenience, but we are not responsible for and have no ability to control the privacy and data collection, use, and disclosure practices of any third party. when you click on links that take you to external websites or platforms, you will be subject to their privacy policies and practices and not ours. you are encouraged to review and understand the privacy policies of such websites or platforms before submitting any information. contact us thriftbooks welcomes your questions and comments about privacy. please feel free to contact us or send an email to support@thriftbooks.com or call toll free at 1-888-979-1408. you can also reach us by mail to thrift books global, llc, 18300 cascade ave s #150, tukwila, wa 98188. trustpilot popular categories children's teen and young adult self-help literature & fiction mystery & thriller sci-fi & fantasy romance large print books rare & collectible books website sharebooklove educator benefits librarian benefits e-gift cards blog view mobile site my account settings shopping cart order history wish list partnerships library program wholesale quick help help & support shipping costs billing return policy website suggestions about us our story our purpose our team social responsibility careers news testimonials thriftbooks sells millions of used books at the lowest everyday prices. we personally assess every book's quality and offer rare, out-of-print treasures. we deliver the joy of reading in recyclable packaging with free standard shipping on us orders over $15. thriftbooks.com. read more. spend less. follow us link to facebook link to twitter link to pinterest link to tumblr link to instagram copyright © 2023 thriftbooks.com terms of use | privacy policy | do not sell/share my personal information | cookie policy | cookie preferences | accessibility statement thriftbooks® and the thriftbooks® logo are registered trademarks of thrift books global, llc