来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20241231001257/https://www.thriftbooks.com/partners/sell/
================================================================================

thriftbooks partners thriftbooks.com partner login it was love at first book. the best place for books is also the best surplus partner. let's talk buy bulk sell bulk you have books, we have readers. from the very first surplus we handled in 2003, we knew we were in love. because libraries and thrift stores had extra books that needed a home, and we had readers who needed books. we've been building partnerships ever since. see why our partners love us, below. book lover, earth hugger. we give more books a second life than anyone else - and the planet a chance. our high sales volume means more books go from your shelves to new readers everywhere instead of landfills. profit sharing plus. thanks to terms that give back and higher traffic, we sell more while you make more. easy as a rom-com. you pack. we pick up, sell, and send your money. how adorable is that? here's how it works. pack we bring the bins, you bring the books. from pallets to bins to smiles, the packing supplies are on us. pickup is your inventory ready? contact us and we'll fetch your books right away - because we like you like that. relax go read a book - while we sell yours. we'll handle the sorting, listing, and selling. you just sit back, relax, and catch up on your reading! your money will just appear, like magic. (we love that part.) 6m books donated worldwide 1b books saved from landfills 10m books sold to raise library funds 16k acres of forest saved via recycling the feeling is mutual! ♥ read our reviews. ♥ i have had great working relationships with the entire thriftbooks team including account managers, logistics, accounting & everyone in between. we trust thriftbooks 100% and feel that we have generally had very closely aligned goals. it has been a pleasure to be a part of such a massive recycling operation that truly has benefited people around the globe and helped save our planet from a lot of excess waste. i have had the pleasure to see a number of your warehouses/processing facilities over the years and i have always been impressed at tb's growth and ability to stay the leader in the industry for so many years. i am proud to be a partner to tb and have been since the beginning. broker- washington we have been using thriftbooks for our used books for over two years and are very happy. pickups are reliable and on time and payment is fast and easy with their direct deposit program. thriftbooks keeps us stocked with pallets and gaylords and makes the whole process stress-free. thrift store- california my experience working with thriftbooks over the last 10 years has been nothing short of amazing. they go out of their way to make sure i am taken care of. communication is always clear and timely. trucks usually show up as scheduled. if there's going to be a delay then they let me know right away. payment is always made promptly. not having to worry about many of the logistical details provides great peace of mind for someone like myself running a small business with many different components to juggle. thriftbooks consistency over the years has been a major stress reducer for me. everybody at thriftbooks is always professional and friendly. broker- california thriftbooks helped us solve a difficult problem: the disposal of books and other materials no longer suitable for our public library collection. before our partnership with thriftbooks, we worked with our friends of the library groups to sell books at annual book sales. while these books sales were a lot of fun, they were a lot of work and didn't bring in a lot of money. most books were sold for an average of 10 to 25 cents each. we were not able to capture the full value for items such as first editions. through thriftbooks, we are clearly receiving much closer to the full price for our rare and valuable discarded items. it is very important to us that thriftbooks is able to recycle much of what they are unable to sell. i have found thriftbooks to be conscientious, trustworthy and responsive. i heartily recommend their services to all libraries. library- northwest we used thriftbooks for a few years already and are very satisfied with the services we received and also the incomes generated from the sales of those materials. our loading dock was overflowed with weeded materials after our month-long closure of the physical locations. staff from thriftbooks worked tirelessly to schedule pickups from limited trucking companies so that materials can be shipped out asap for us to regain the control of much needed space. library- northeast becoming a thriftbooks partner was hands down one of the best business decisions we made in 2021. the top-notch client care and logistical services they offer is solid. what struck us instantly was the speed at which they not only receive / ready our product for sale but how quickly they actually sell it! a clear testament to their stellar name recognition in the bookselling marketplace. we couldn't be happier calling ourselves a member of the thriftbooks family and look forward to many more years of mutual success to come. bookseller- new york i just wanted to take a moment and testify to how great i enjoy working with thriftbooks as a buyer of used books. as a busy salvage manager with tons on my plate it is such a relief to have such a reliable and consistent partner as thriftbooks. they always pay on time and pick up when scheduled which makes my warehouses happy and my life so much easier. their team is such a pleasure to work with. they are responsive to my needs (even my last minute requests) and they are wonderful people as well. we have partnered together for my four years in salvage and i hope to continue this relationship for many years to come. thrift store- virginia frequently asked questions general do you buy by the truckload? yes, we buy books by the truckload. what's the minimum amount of gaylords you will take? we have several program options that can be tailored to your specific needs. how do you pay? we offer several payment options as our program is customizable to your needs. how soon can you pick up my books? typically, we require a minimum of 72 hours (3 business days). we encourage you to book as far in advance as you can. who covers the freight charges? for our per lb program, we cover shipping costs. we do allow you to deliver to our processing centers at your convenience. what quality of gaylords and pallets do you accept? gaylords must be 3-ply or higher and in good quality. preferred measurements 48x40x41 pallets. do you accept media? yes, we accept media that is separated into a separate gaylord. do you take multiple copies of the same title? please limit your copies to 5 per title. are you recycler? no, we are not a recycler. we are an online book company that accepts books and media in resaleable quality. we ask that you please remove all non book material from your shipments. how often do we send books? we accept shipments weekly, monthly or quarterly. what happens to books that don't sell? we either responsibly recycle, repurpose or donate them to one of our charity partners. what marketplaces do you sell on? we sell on all major marketplaces including our own very robust marketplace, thriftbooks.com more library how much does it cost to start your program? absolutely nothing! we do not charge a start-up fee, annual fee or a membership fee. how do we get the books to you? we offer several shipping options depending on your volume and facility. we use several delivery methods including ftl & ltl freight services and fedex small parcel. who pays for shipping? we evaluate shipping charges on a case-by-case basis. factors include the location, volume, quality and frequency of book shipments. how often do we send books? as often as you'd like. libraries send us books weekly, monthly and sometimes quarterly. whatever works with your system is fine with us. what happens to books that don't sell? we either responsibly recycle, repurpose or donate them to one of our charity partners. do we need to pre-scan or send you a list of the books? pre-screening is an option but not typically mandatory. we try to make the process as easy as possible for you. is there a minimum amount we need to send? we do not require a monthly minimum amount of books to be sent. in order to minimize the shipping expense, we recommend accumulating as many books as possible before sending them to us. if shipping via fedex small parcel, the minimum box count is 6 boxes per shipment. what if my books are stamped with the library name? that is fine. we sell items "as is". you may choose to neatly stamp the book discarded but it is not required. what marketplaces do you sell on? we sell on all major marketplaces including our own very robust marketplace, thriftbooks.com can our friends group use your service? absolutely! we partner with many friends of the library groups as well as foundations. how often do we receive payment and can we sign up for direct deposit payments? we send your payments monthly. if proceeds are less than $25.00 we'll wait until they reach that threshold to save on administrative costs. we do offer direct deposit payout. what type of reporting do you provide? we offer a free data center that you can log into at any time to view your real-time account information. you can see your inventory levels, each book that has been sold, how much it sold for, customer refunds, and many more features. can we bring the books to you? absolutely! our large network of processing centers makes it easy and convenient for libraries to drop off their books. do you take books without an isbn? yes. we offer a special service where we evaluate and list non-isbn, collectable, rare and antiquarian books. do you work with school libraries? yes, we partner with public and private schools, colleges and universities. more ready for a match made in the stacks? let's talk. all fields required. first name last name title email phone company city -- state/province -- al ak az ar ca co ct de fl ga hi id il in ia ks ky la me md ma mi mn ms mo mt ne nv nh nj nm ny nc nd oh ok or pa ri sc sd tn tx ut vt va wa wv wi wy ab bc mb nb nf ns nt on pe qc sk yt pr dc mexico city jalisco tamaulipas sinaloa chiapas san luis potosí chihuahua aguascalientes sonora oaxaca tabasco zacatecas hidalgo nayarit baja california querétaro coahuila puebla veracruz guanajuato michoacán colima quintana roo mexico state guerrero nuevo león yucatán durango morelos tlaxcala baja california sur campeche zip code -- country -- usa canada mexico -- industry -- public library friends group foundation private university/college public university/college private k-12 public k-12 other thrift store mission bookstore publisher online bookseller community recycler broker estate sale individual description we love helping more books stay books. popular categories children's teen and young adult self-help literature & fiction mystery & thriller sci-fi & fantasy romance large print books rare & collectible books website sharebooklove educator benefits librarian benefits e-gift cards blog view mobile site my account settings shopping cart order history wish list partnerships library program wholesale quick help help & support shipping costs billing return policy website suggestions about us our story our purpose our team social responsibility careers news testimonials thriftbooks sells millions of used books at the lowest everyday prices. we personally assess every book's quality and offer rare, out-of-print treasures. we deliver the joy of reading in recyclable packaging with free standard shipping on us orders over $15. thriftbooks.com. read more. spend less. follow us link to facebook link to twitter link to pinterest link to tumblr link to instagram copyright © 2024 thriftbooks.com terms of use | privacy policy | do not sell/share my personal information | cookie policy | cookie preferences | accessibility statement thriftbooks® and the thriftbooks® logo are registered trademarks of thrift books global, llc