来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20171228035016/https://www.dailylook.com/DLBox-terms
================================================================================

dailylook.com: dailylook elite terms of sale how it works | new looks | our stylists how it works pricing faq reviews ready for spring? ​ new looks new work looks laid-back chic evening & cocktail black & white looks denim looks most loved looks spring looks ​ sale just added clothing shoes bags accessories all sale shop by under $20 under $50 size xs-small size medium size large fall styles summer styles designers up to 80% off shop masks ​ get started elevate your style how it works | new looks | our stylists how it works pricing about us faq reviews ready for spring? ​ new looks new work looks laid-back chic evening & cocktail black & white looks denim looks most loved looks spring looks ​ sale just added clothing shoes bags accessories all sale shop by under $20 under $50 size xs-small size medium size large fall styles summer styles designers up to 80% off shop masks ​ get started dl box terms of sale welcome to dl box, a program through which you may purchase a subscription to receive monthly shipments of products curated by a personal stylist based on your preferences (each, a "box"). services and products dailylook, inc. ("dailylook," "we," "us," or "our") owns and operates the services. the term "services" shall include, without limitation, use of the dl box website (the "dl box site"), purchase of a subscription (as defined below), including purchase of the goods and/or services included therein (each, a "product"), personal styling services and any additional goods or services dailylook provides for you via the dl box service. dailylook may modify, suspend, or discontinue the services at any time. dailylook may also impose limits on certain features and services or restrict your access to parts or all of the services. your acceptance of terms by accessing or using any part of the services, you agree to be bound by these terms of sale (the "dl box terms"), the dailylook terms and conditions of use located at http://www.dailylook.com/g/terms-and-conditions-of-use/135.html (the "terms and conditions"), and dailylook's privacy policy located at http://www.dailylook.com/g/privacy-policy/136.html ("privacy policy"), all of which are incorporated herein by reference (together, the "agreement"). if there is any conflict between the dl box terms and the terms and conditions, the dl box terms will govern with respect to the services and the terms and conditions will govern with respect to anything else. all capitalized terms that are not defined herein have the meaning specified in the terms and conditions. your use of the services is expressly conditioned upon your assent to all the terms and conditions of this agreement to the exclusion of all other terms. if you do not agree to any terms and conditions of the agreement, then please do not use the services. modification of terms dailylook reserves the right, in its sole discretion, to modify the dl box terms at any time by posting a notice on the dailylook website or by sending you a notice via email or postal mail. you shall be responsible for reviewing and becoming familiar with any such modifications. use of the services by you following such notice constitutes your acceptance of the dl box terms as modified. certain conditions of sale account. to access the services, you must create an "account" through the dl box site by providing your email address and selecting a password ("account credentials"), completing the style profile and completing the checkout process. once you have created your account, you will become a "member." you must be a member to receive boxes. you may not transfer or share your account credentials with any third party. you are solely responsible for all use of your account credentials and all activities that occur under or in connection with your account. without limiting any other rights we have, we reserve the right to take any and all action we deem necessary to ensure the security of the services and your account, including, without limitation, terminating your account, changing your password, or requesting additional information to authorize transactions on your account. you must be at least 13 years old to be a member, and you must be at least 18 years old or have parental consent to make a purchase. if we later discover or suspect that a person under 18 years old has made or attempted to make a purchase, we reserve the right to take steps to cancel that subscription. we reserve the right to cancel any account we deem suspicious for any reason. subscription. as a member, you will automatically receive a box each month ("subscription"). the subscription is a monthly, fee-based, automatically renewing membership program. until you cancel your subscription, the then-current recurring monthly fee ("styling fee") will be automatically charged to the payment method associated with your account, with the initial styling fee charged on the date we style your first box, and each subsequent styling fee charged approximately thirty (30) days after the previous styling fee was charged. the first box for your subscription will first be scheduled for delivery on the delivery date you select at checkout. each subsequent box will be delivered based on your selected preferred frequency, which is customizable in your account. you can skip a box or change your preferred delivery date through your account. you can try-on each product in your box in the convenience of your own home and decide to keep all, some, or none of the products. we will charge you for the ones you keep as described in the styling fee, payment and returns section below. your box is usually assigned to be styled 15 days prior to delivery date. once your box is assigned to a personal stylist, you may no longer cancel or pause the delivery of that box. you will not receive your next scheduled box until you complete checkout for your previous box, and ship back to us the products you are returning. subscription. as a member, you will automatically receive a box each month ("subscription"). the subscription is a monthly, fee-based, automatically renewing membership program. until you cancel your subscription, the then-current recurring monthly fee ("styling fee") will be automatically charged to the payment method associated with your account, with the initial styling fee charged on the date we style your first box, and each subsequent styling fee charged approximately thirty (30) days after the previous styling fee was charged. the first box for your subscription will first be scheduled for delivery on the delivery date you select at checkout. each subsequent box will be delivered based on your selected preferred frequency, which is customizable in your account. you can skip a box or change your preferred delivery date through your account. you can try-on each product in your box in the convenience of your own home and decide to keep all, some, or none of the products. we will charge you for the ones you keep as described in the styling fee, payment and returns section below. your box is usually assigned to be styled 15 days prior to delivery date. once your box is assigned to a personal stylist, you may no longer cancel or pause the delivery of that box. you will not receive your next scheduled box until you complete checkout for your previous box, and ship back to us the products you are returning. style profile and personal stylist. as part of the account creation process, dailylook will ask you to take our style quiz, which will ask you questions about yourself and your preferences, in order to establish your style profile ("style profile"). once you are a member, we will assign you a personal stylist, who will curate your box for you each month. your style profile helps your personal stylist determine what products we send in your box. your style profile can be accessed at any time from your account. in order to have the services work best for you, please keep your style profile up to date. your style profile is accessible from your account, and you can update it anytime. you can contact your personal stylist via email, and you can elect to change your assigned personal stylist by contacting customer service. in order to provide you with the highest level of styling services, dailylook may change your assigned personal stylist at anytime. that change will be reflected in your box. styling fee, payment and returns. in accordance with the subscription section above, we will charge the styling fee for your first box on the date you become a member. the styling fee is non-refundable. however, if you choose to keep products included in your box, the styling fee can be credited towards the purchase price of those products, or can be used towards the purchase price of any products on our website at your discretion by pressing the 'apply credit' button upon checkout. the $40 styling fee credits expire 30 days from date issued and are non-refundable. to purchase any products in your box, you must complete the online checkout from your account within five (5) business days of the delivery date. if you decide to return any products in your box, simply place them in the return package we provide and mail them back to us at no cost to you. all products you choose to return must be postmarked within five (5)) business days of the date of delivery ("return date"). we will assume you have chosen to purchase any products in your box that you do not postmark back to us by the return date. if after ten (10) days you have not returned your box, we will charge you for the full value of your box. if we are unable to charge the full value of the box, we will attempt to collect a percentage of the order at a later time. by submitting your payment information to dailylook, you authorize us to charge the applicable payment method for all unreturned products in your box, including any applicable sales tax, at any time after the return date. dl boxes returned after 30 days from the allotted (5) business day checkout period will be subject to a 30% restocking fee. returns made after 60 days shall be refunded in store credit. no returns will be accepted after 90 days. refunds and credits will be issued upon receipt of all eligible returns. for any product you return to us in damaged condition, we will charge you a 50% restocking fee. products must be returned unworn and with all original tags attached. we cannot accommodate multiple returns for the same box. we may at any time decide the change the amount of the monthly styling fee. when doing so we will give appropriate notice so that you may cancel your account if you do not wish to pay the altered fee for the service. by not cancelling your account by the indicated date of the styling fee change, you authorize us charge the updated styling fee. accurate information. any updates to your account, including, without limitation, payment, shipping, and billing information, must be made at least fifteen (15) days prior to your scheduled delivery date in order for the updated details to apply to that box. if the payment information you have provided is incorrect or incomplete, or dailylook is unable to complete a transaction due to your error or omission, we will attempt to contact you and inform you of the problem. failure to provide accurate and complete shipping and billing information may result in the delay or cancellation of your subscription or a particular box. you represent that you will not submit any credit card information or other payment method information unless you have all necessary authorization to do so. we will not be liable for the acts of parties who, with or without your permission, use your credit card or other payment method on the services. however, you may report any unauthorized use to us by phone at 888-888-6645 or via email and we will use reasonable measures within our control to help prevent future unauthorized use of your payment method on the services. promotions. dailylook may, from time to time in its sole discretion, offer certain promotions or promotional codes relating to the services. promotional codes are non-transferable and are not redeemable for cash, credit, or toward previous purchases. there is no cash alternative. promotional codes cannot be used in conjunction with any other offer or promotional discount, and must be redeemed by the date published, if provided. any promotional program may be terminated or modified by dailylook at any time for any reason. termination. . you may terminate your subscription at any time by either contacting dailylook customer support or via your account. termination will be granted so as long as all unwanted merchandise is returned, and all kept merchandise is paid for in accordance with the styling fee, payment and returns section above. disclaimer of warranties the services, including the products, are provided by dailylook on an "as-is" basis, without warranties of any kind, either express or implied, including, without limitation, implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, non-infringement, or that use of the services will be uninterrupted or error-free. some states do not allow limitations on how long an implied warranty lasts, so the above limitations may not apply to you. product specifications and other information have either been provided by the vendors or collected from publicly available sources. while dailylook makes reasonable efforts to ensure that the information on the website and/or contained in your box is accurate, we can make no representations or warranties as to the accuracy or reliability of any information provided. dailylook tries to follow the style and price preferences you express in your style profile, however we do not represent, warrant, or guarantee that any item in your box will comply with those preferences. if you don't like any product, send it back to us as described in the styling fee, payment and returns section above. questions should you have any questions regarding these dl box terms you may contact us by phone at 888-888-6645 or via email. get the newest looks by email find us on connect on facebook follow us on instagram follow us on twitter watch our channel follow us on pinterest ipad iphone © 2006-2020 dailylook. all rights reserved. for assistance call 888-888-6645 about us contact us privacy policy terms of use dl box terms of use do not sell my personal information site map clothing