来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20101230104731/http://www.babysteals.com/faq.php
================================================================================

babysteals.com® ~ deal of the day on brand name baby clothes, maternity products, baby shower gift ideas and baby presents for new moms. faq general questions why can i only find one product for sale? everything is sold out. i really wanted the item, can i still order it? please! do you accept returns? can i exchange something? can i purchase more than 3 items? i don't get my email reminder until later in the day and sometimes you're already sold out. why? i signed up for your email alerts but why am i getting them twice all of a sudden? ordering questions i placed two orders, can you combine them to save on shipping? i am having a problem placing my order. help! i placed an order and forgot to update my new address in google checkout. can you change the address? i received an email that my payment declined. will i still get my order? i finished my order but now want to change the size or color. can you change it for me? i still have two items in my shopping cart but your site says it is sold out. are you holding those for me even though i haven't purchased them yet? how do i cancel my order? i canceled my order, but the charge is still showing up on my credit card statement. help! i placed an order for local pickup but have been unable to pick it up within 2 weeks as asked. do you still have it? shipping questions i just placed my order. how soon can i expect my steal? do you ship to canada? do you ship internationally? can i store items in my shopping cart from previous days and buy them all at once to save on shipping? i just bought today's kidsteal or scrapbooksteal, and i know you're owned by the same company. can you please combine my order to save me shipping? i live in the salt lake city area; can i pick up my stuff and not pay shipping? why can i only find one product for sale? babysteals.com is a deal-of-the-day website, we sell one awesome product per day at up to 80% off until it sells out. everyday at 9am mdt and 9pm mdt another amazing 'steal' starts at a price so good that it's not just a deal, it's a steal! if you missed today's steal, check back after 9am mdt for something new because it’s one-steal-a-day, baby! everything on your page is sold out. i really wanted the item, can i still order it? please! unfortunately, it sounds like you missed out on the steal. quick fingers are the key at babysteals.com! things sell out quickly and once the item is gone, it's gone. however, keep checking the steals or sign up for daily alerts: sign up for daily alerts name: email: do you accept returns? in a word, no. purchase accordingly! if you've changed your mind or have buyers remorse, save it for a gift! we do not accept returns because of the unique nature of our site. if there is a problem with your order, notify us within 3 days of receiving your order. all items are first quality, but if your item somehow arrives damaged we bend over backwards to get you a replacement or exchange. can i exchange something? remember, we're a deal-of-the-day website so that means we don't have another style or color to exchange it with. please order accordingly! can i purchase more than 3 items? you can purchase up to 3 items each style and size per steal! the 3-item per style limit is so that people who really don't have triplets can’t steal it all! order more than that and you have to send us a picture of your quadruplets. i don't get my email reminder until later in the day and sometimes you're already sold out. why? our emails leave our system at 9am mdt every morning, when our website switches to a new steal of the day. however, the time it takes each individual mail provider to scan the emails for spam and get delivered varies greatly between gmail, yahoo, msn, and other email providers; even the words inside of the subject can make a difference in delivery time. because of this, it is possible that our website is sold out before the email gets delivered to your individual email box. the best option to ensure the quickest delivery is to make sure service@babysteals.com is on your safe sender list. also, you do not have to wait for the email to check the daily steal! i signed up for your email alerts but why am i getting them twice all of a sudden? did you recently place an order? chances are you checked the box "i want to receive promotional email from babysteals.com" and also checked "keep my address confidential". when this happens, google creates a new email address that is anonymous to us but still forwards to your standard email address. if you're receiving duplicate emails from us, simply click 'unsubscribe' from the email address you no longer want to receive the alerts. i placed two orders, can you combine them to save on shipping? we are not able to combine orders that are already placed. in the future, if your order is under 15 minutes old, you can place an order the way you want it and cancel the first. we are not able to edit your order in any way. i am having a problem placing my order. help! ordering issues are often related to firewalls or browser security settings. try ordering through a different browser or visit the google checkout buyer's help guide. if your question isn't answered there, email us the browser you are using and instructions on how to duplicate the problem. i placed an order and forgot to update my new address in google checkout. can you change the address? before you complete your orders, please confirm that your address information in google checkout is updated and correct. this will ensure you don’t get double charged for mailing to an incorrect address that was provided to us. if we are not sold out: please update your address in your google account, re-purchase your item and email us to cancel your original order if it is after the 15-minute cancellation period. if we are sold out: if you have not yet received your shipping confirmation, please email us a change of address request from your google account. this must be before your item is shipped but always within 1 hour of ordering. otherwise, it's probably too late. remember, we ship fast around here! i received an email that my payment declined. will i still get my order? in short, no. if your payment is declined, you will receive an email from babysteals confirming that your card was unable to process, and that your order was canceled. google checkout will send you an email stating you have seven days to fix the card- unfortunately, we work so quickly around here, that we just can't wait that long. any products in your declined order will no longer be held. the items will go back into inventory. you are more than welcome to head back over to the babysteals page, and reorder with a new card. i finished my order but now want to change the size or color. can you change it for me? please re-do your order correctly and then cancel your initial order. if it is after the 15 minute cancellation window, you may email us once your second order is placed and we can cancel the first order for you. if we have already sold out, it is likely it's too late but email us at orders@babysteals.com and we'll see if we can help! i still have two items in my shopping cart but your site says it is sold out. are you holding those for me even though i haven't purchased them yet? nope. we can't confirm your purchase until you've completed the checkout process and purchased the item. having an item in your shopping cart does not guarantee you will receive the item. how do i cancel my order? we allow cancellations within the first fifteen minutes after placing an order. check your account for a cancel your order button: sign in to your account at https://checkout.google.com. click view order for the order you'd like to cancel. click the cancel your order button in the grey box. confirm your cancellation by clicking ok. remember, because of the steal price and speed of shopping on our website, it is different than traditional online shopping. there's not much time to change your mind so consider that when purchasing because if the 15 minute cancellation window has passed, we can't cancel the order. i canceled my order, but the charge is still showing up on my credit card statement. funds tied to canceled orders or declined transactions remain on your card until the card issuing bank removes the initial authorization. as a result, you may notice the authorization request which is often mistaken for an actual charge when viewing your account online. most card issuing banks will remove authorizations within 3-7 days if they are not claimed for settlement. help! i placed an order for local pickup but have been unable to pick it up within 2 weeks as asked. do you still have it? as stated on our local pickup information page, we do ask that all orders are picked up within 2 weeks. however, we know that on occasion things come up that prevent pickup within the requested time. unfortunately, any orders that are not picked up within 90 days will be canceled and charged a 5% restocking fee. i just placed my order. how soon can i expect my steal? we want you to get hooked up with your steals fast and we do everything possible to ship your order the same day. many shipments arrive within 2-5 business days, depending on how far you live from salt lake city, utah. your order is shipped via usps with delivery confirmation. do you ship to canada? yes! via usps international first-class mail. duties are not included and declared based on the price paid for the item, what the item is, and the location that the product was manufactured. remember, canadian orders ship the same day but take 14-45 business days to arrive. more information here. do you ship internationally? at this time we only ship to the us and canada. can i store items in my shopping cart from previous days and buy them all at once to save on shipping? unfortunately not. we try to ship purchases the same day and most days we sell out. so if you didn't make the purchase on the day the product was for sale, odds are we don't have the item anymore. i just bought today's kidsteal or scrapbooksteal, and i know you're owned by the same company. can you please combine my order to save me shipping? not yet. we're working on the logistics to make this possible. i live in the salt lake city area; can i pick up my stuff and not pay shipping? you're in luck! to save mamas who live by us even more money, we offer local pick up at our office. we may even have a steal or two available for purchase there, right through google checkout! please visit here and read the details before using local pickup. question still not answered? email us: service@babysteals.com. we're awesome at getting back to you, and we're super nice, too. today's steal| about | faq | blog | connect | contact | privacy notice | ©2008-2010 babysteals.com baby steals is a registered mark of steal network, llc the "steal of the day" is all that's up for grabs. all photos, logos, words and ideas are intellectual property actively protected under trademark and copyright.