来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20100711091145/http://www.bobswatches.com/rolex-watches/
================================================================================

used rolex watches exchange - sell, trade or buy pre-owned rolex used rolex how it works about us faq rolex watches view cart contact us since 1999 (800) 494-3708 welcome to the world’s first rolex exchange where you can buy, sell & trade at market prices. find your watch here type any type men's women's model any model air-kingdatedatejustdaytonaexplorergmt-master iipresidentsubmarineryacht-master current market prices ladies dj 69173 $1600/$2275 men's dj 16238 $3400/$3995 men's sub 16610 $3300/$3995 ladies dj 79174 $2200/$2950 men's dayt. 16520 $8200/$9200 men's gmt 16718 $8000/$9500 men's a-k 114200 $2600/$3100 men's expl. 114270 $2400/$2895 men's pres. 118208 $9000/$11500 mens used rolexdatejustdatesubmarinerexplorergmt-master iipresidentdaytonayacht-masterair-kingladies used rolexdatejustyacht-masterpresidentused rolexdatejustdatesubmarinerexplorergmt-master iipresidentdaytonayacht-masterair-king blog used and pre-owned rolex watches blog welcome to bob's watches pre-owned rolex watches blog! here we have information about everything rolex. if you are interested in purchasing or selling used rolex watches please browse are selection by selecting a watch type and model above! thank you for visiting if you have any questions call us at 1(800) 494-3708. what is a rolex exchange? july 15th, 2010 bob’s watches is the world’s only rolex exchange where you can buy, sell, and trade rolex watches at fair market prices all on the internet. we display the prices we buy and sell our watches at proudly knowing that they are some of the best prices on the internet. unlike other rolex buyers and sellers we do not mask our prices behind clock and mirrors. we display a buy and sell price for every watch we have in stock and will quickly give quotes on any watch that we do not have in stock. at bob’s watches we run on the thinnest margins possible and this is evident through the difference between our buy and sell prices. the rolex exchange is comparable to the stock exchange now you may be asking yourself what exactly is a “rolex exchange”? that is a fair enough question because this is a new concept for the rolex industry, but in fact this idea is very common throughout our world online and in industry. the most common representation of the “exchange” concept is the new york stock exchange (nyse) where stocks are traded, sold, and bought every day and the demand for certain stocks sets their buy and sell value. this is what we hope to do with the rolex industry. we allow people to buy, sell, and trade rolex watches and we set our prices based on what the demand for that particular watch is so our prices are always fair. as a rolex exchange we run on very thin margins so the price we buy a rolex for and how much we sell that very same rolex for are very close. this allows the average consumer to get the most out of their money by buying a watch from us and then, after their tired of it, selling it back to us for minimal net loss. we hope this will allow the normal man to own a rolex watch and wear it with pride knowing they got the best price. we’ve had many customers ask us “what’s the catch?” or “what’s the secret behind all of this?” mostly because our prices are the best they’ve ever seen. there is no catch, there is no gimmick, and there is no secret. we are an exchange and the prices you see are market prices, they are fair prices, they are the lowest prices. we are committed to giving customers the best possible user experience and part of that is providing the best prices. this is why we have engineered this concept of a rolex exchange. we know this will give our customers the most for their money and the opportunity to save money for other important things. so if you found this page by searching “what is a rolex exchange?” or “how do i use a rolex exchange?” please browse our inventory of pre-owned rolex watches with both “buy” and “sell” prices. if you have any questions call us at 1(800) 494-3708 and we’d be glad to help you out. so give us a call or order online! we’d love if you shopped around, because we know we have the best prices! posted in rolex info | no comments » the top ten ways to spot a fake rolex july 12th, 2010 if you’re looking for a real quality watch that’s going to last you a long time your best option is a real rolex watch. whether it is used or new rolex watches last a lifetime and are great to pass down for generations. counterfeiters of rolex watches are getting more and more creative and spending more and more money to counterfeit watches. so we, at bob’s watches, decided to compile a list of the ten best ways to spot a fake rolex. here they are: 1. the price if you’re looking at a rolex and its being sold for three hundred dollars then you can almost guarantee that the watch is a fake. the simple truth is that rolex watches are expensive retail and tend to retain their value even when used a lot. an easy way to check is to find the watch on our website inventory or on ebay and see the price, if its way below what watches are selling for on ebay or our site then it must be a fake. people don’t sell things to lose money. fake rolex way turn here 2. the location just like in real estate “location. location. location” is very, very important with rolex watches. if you’re buying a rolex on a side alley or at a local swap meet the chances are a lot higher that this watch is a fake. you are much better off buying a watch from a reputable business that, if anything has a reputation to uphold. even ebay can be questionable as sellers can appear and then disappear very quickly. you want to buy your rolex from a business that you can hold accountable for their actions. before ordering your rolex call the place your buying the watch from and make sure there are actual people there hopefully in the united states. all of this should help you ensure your rolex is real. 3. the magnification once you have the rolex on you and you can view it with your own eyes there a lot more ways to tell if it’s real or fake. on rolex watches with a date (datejust, submariner, etc…) the date has to be very small to work properly and so rolex adds a magnification glass to allow the wearer to see it more clearly. on all rolex models the magnification is 2.5x so the proper 2.5x magnification of a rolex the date really jumps out at you. on fake rolex watches the magnification is often 1.5x so the date looks kind of small. this is a huge tell tale sign of a fake rolex. 4. the resilience to water although rolex submariner watches are the only watches designed for deep see diving all rolex models are water proof and perfectly sealed. once you have the watch dip it in a cup of water for a few seconds and take it out. if there is any leaking of water into the watch on the dial or anything the watch is definitely a fake. all rolex watches are 100% water tight. 5. the model number compared to the metal often times rolex counterfeiters will try to cheap out by making a normally expensive model in cheaper metals to gain more profit. you should always check the model number of the rolex you are buying online to make sure that it matches up with type of metal in the watch you are buying. a rule of thumb with the commonly counterfeited rolex president: all rolex president watches with the day (monday, tuesday, etc…) and the date (21,22,23…) are made out of platinum or gold not stainless steel and not two tone. if someone tries to sell you a stainless president they are cheating you. check this writing for anything but perfection. 6. the writing on the dial everything on a rolex is made to perfection. without having to open up the watch it is easy to see this from the writing on the dial distinguishing the model and other features. with a magnifying glass examine all the lettering on the dial. the writing should be convex (outward) and there should be no bubbling. it should be relatively pristine. if the writing is far from perfect then you know you are not dealing with a real rolex. 7. the case back (the part of the watch opposite to the face) another easy way to spot a fake rolex is that many have case backs that are made out of glass, plastic, or crystal so you can see the inner workings of a watch. almost all rolex watches do not have clear case backs and the only reason we have to say almost is there are two extremely rare models or rolex from the 1930s that did in fact have case backs made of glass. so if you are buying a relatively modern rolex with a clear case back it is a fake. also rolex does not ingrave anything on the case back’s exterior. however things are engraved on the interior. your rolex engraving should look like this. 8. the engraving again, everything on a rolex is perfect there are no mess ups or misspellings or anything. the engravings are a perfect example of this. the engravings are a little harder to reach sometimes. (this is why this is number 8 on the top 10 ways to spot a fake rolex) there are usually some on the interior of the band of the watch towards the actual face, but to see the engravings for the serial and model number you have to take of the band. taking of the band is relatively simple you just need a thumb tack with which u can push in the joints holding the band to the watch through the holes on the side of the watch or the bottom of the watch if there are no holes. once you have it open you should examine the engravings with a magnifying glass. they shouldn’t appear sandy or misshapen. they should be perfectly cut. also you should use this model number when you look up the watch to check if it’s the right one. the model number is on the 12 o’clock side of the watch. 9. the inner workings you need special tools to view this one. with special rolex tools you can unscrew the case back and view the gears and inner workings of the watch. everything should generally be different colors and again everything should be perfect. there should be an engraving on the inside of the watch that says something like “geneva, switzerland” the metal type and the model number. this engraving should be perfect as well. view the pictures below to see what the inside should look like. the inside of your rolex should like like this! 10.  ticking listen closely. if you hear loud ticking from your watch this rolex is a definite fake. rolex watches do not make the ticking noises common with other watches. counterfeiters can’t often perfect the gears of a rolex and so a ticking noise is made and this can really help you spot fakes quite easily. misconceptions: one the biggest misconception is that the second hand of rolex watches is a perfect sweep. this is not true most models of rolex tick at eight ticks or movements per second so it is not a continuous sweep. also some models move at slower speeds. if you want a real rolex you can always find them at the first rolex exchange bob’s watches where you can trade, sell, or buy pre-owned rolex watches at great prices. if you have any questions or want to know if your rolex is fake or real give us a call at 1(800)494-3708 and we’d be glad to help you out. posted in rolex info | no comments » rolex datejust – the first watch with a date july 12th, 2010 when you look around at watches today of all kinds they have alarms, counters, heart beat monitors, everything you can think of. a much over looked part of many watches is the ability to view the date as well as the time. back in the early 1900s there was no such thing as date on a watch. it simply didn’t exist; either the technology or the imagination had yet to spark to create the often overlooked and taken for granted part of the watch. this part of the watch wasn’t introduced until the rolex datejust came into existence. 1945 was a very important year for the world as it finally dragged itself out of one of the most deadly wars in the history of the world. the swiss being a generally neutral country in the many world conflicts had much more time to develop its many, less geared towards war, industries and one of these industries was of course the luxury watch industry. it was only fitting that rolex, the leading swiss watch company, came out with the first watch ever to include the date as well as the time in 1945 at the very end of the war. to show the world what could be done when peace was taken advantage of instead of war. this watch became iconic all over the world rightfully named the rolex datejust. the datejust is possibly the most widespread and popular version of rolex watch in world. there have been hundreds of different models made with varying designs and style and the datejust soon became synonymous with the rolex company. rolex later incorporated the date into almost all of their other watches including the submariner and gmt-master ii, but the rolex datejust will always be known as the first. you can never go wrong with this model of watch because you are truly buying a piece of history. who knows what the next innovation from rolex will be and if we will need another world war to see it. if you google searched, “buy rolex datejust” or “pre-owned datejust” or “sell used datejust” please browse our selection of datejust models as well as our many other rolex models. if you have any questions send us an email through our contact us page or give us a call at 1(800) 494-3708. we’d be glad to answer any questions you have. posted in rolex info | no comments » rolex watches june 30th, 2010 what is there to say about a rolex watch? the cliché goes, “a picture is worth a thousand words” and this is definitely the case with rolex. there’s something about a rolex that is hard to describe in words. it has an aura about it; it is more than just a watch or piece of jewelry. when you look at a rolex president, even with no previous knowledge of it, you know it is something special, something valuable, and something you want. many people believe this iconic timepiece is out of their reach because it is far too big of an investment for them to handle, but in many cases this isn’t true. although the initial investment can be relatively high in the thousands of dollars you have to remember that it is just that, an investment. the fact is and remains to be that rolexes retain their value or even grow in value with age. so while you may have spent $4000 for your watch you might be able to sell it back after a couple years at worst with a price of $3200. that means worst case scenario you end up losing a net of $800. your rolex may also end up going up in value so you could end up with a net gain, who knows! at bob’s watches our goal is to bring understanding to the rolex industry. understanding that a rolex watch isn’t as out of reach as it mean seem. understanding that how much you could buy a rolex isn’t really that far off from how much you could sell that very same rolex. like any investment, purchasing a rolex does come with a certain amount of risk. you could break your rolex or cosmetically damage it which hurts its value or the watch could even you down a little in value, but the percentages are on your side in this investment. a rolex watch is like a blue chip stock in the stock market. it’s been a reliable investment for hundreds of years and chances are it will remain that way. the risk is way down with these watches. plus, unlike a blue chip stock you get the joy of wearing the watch for an extended period of time. once you’re tired of the watch you can sell it back to us at market price and then keep the money or trade it for another watch! so if you google searched, “buy a rolex watch” or “pre-owned rolex watches” please browse our selection of used rolex watches and find something you like. if you have any questions feel free to call us anytime at 1(800) 494-3708 we’d be happy to speak with you. also if you have a watch to sell please give us a call or fill out our online sell rolex watches form! posted in rolex info | no comments » buy rolex june 29th, 2010 when a person walks into a room wearing a rolex watch, everyone in that room stops; they know this person is important, powerful, and/or famous. rolex is the pinnacle of luxury, elegance, and excellence and with bob’s watches it has never been easier to buy rolex watches. buying a rolex watch shouldn’t be a nerve racking experience and bob’s watches makes sure that when you buy a rolex from us it is quick, simple, and safe. our website is designed so you have every method of search at your finger tips. whether you want to browse our whole inventory of rolex watches or search for a specific model or watch every option is right in front of you at bob’s watches. the process of buying a watch is extremely simple. you just click buy on the product page for the watch you want and you are taken to your shopping cart where you fill out your information and order the watch. we offer free next day fed ex shipping so there is no extra shipping charge. we also offer multiple payment options including credit card and check which ever you prefer. our site is also completely secure and you need never worry about your information being lost or stolen or your identity being stolen by cyber thieves. every single page of our site is protected by a 256-bit ssl or secure socket layer. this is the most state-of-the-art defense against identity theft so you can buy rolex watches at bob’s watches without worrying about having your vital information stolen. we also have many measures in place to protect against fraud so if your credit card is stolen you can feel safe knowing the perpetrator won’t be able to buy an expensive rolex from our site. all of our prices at bob’s watches are fair and based on the market prices of rolex watches. you can be assured not only by this but also by the sell price listed right next to the buy price which is how much we buy the exact rolex your buying for. this helps assure you that the price your paying is a fair one. so if you google searched “buy a rolex explorer” or “buy rolex watches” please give us a call at 1(800) 494-3708 or browse our rolex watches here on the site! posted in rolex info | no comments » sell rolex june 29th, 2010 the pre-owned rolex market is one of the most interesting markets in the world. a rolex watch, if kept in good condition, retains its values or even rises in value depending on what happens to that particular model around the world. when you buy a rolex you know you could be buying the same watch worn by celebrities and leaders around the world. if you’re tired of your watch, just need the money, or want to trade it for a different one, you can sell rolex watches to us at market prices. selling a rolex to us is quick, simple, and secure. you have two options to start you can either call our store at 1 (800) 494-3708 and get a free evaluation over the phone or you can click the sell button anywhere on our website and fill out the form with information about your watch. remember the more information you fill out the more accurate our appraisal can be. used rolex buy sell watches listsell a watch pricebuy a watch price pre-owned rolex submariner stainless steel$3,300 $3,700 pre-owned rolex daytona stainless steel$8,200 $8,800 pre-owned rolex datejust stainless and gold$2,800 $3,150 pre-owned rolex men's president 18k$9,000 $9,600 pre-owned rolex ladies president 18k$4,500 $5,000 pre-owned rolex seadweller stainless steel$3,200 $3,700 pre-owned rolex gmt-master ii stainless$3,200 $3,600 pre-owned rolex ladies yacht-master 18k$10,000 $11,000 at bob’s watches we know when you sell rolex watches it can be like selling an arm or a leg so we handle your watch with extreme care and guarantee 100% security of your watch. if at any time you would like your watch back please notify us by email or phone and we will promptly ship it back to you. once you fill out the form or call by phone and are given an estimate on the price we will pay we will send you instructions on how to mail the watch to our store and once we assess it and confirm its authenticity we will call you with our assessment and if you still agree with our price we will send you a check for that amount. if you would like your watch back or do not agree with our assessment let us know and we will mail the watch back to you immediately. when you buy a rolex it is not just a timepiece for you to enjoy, it is also an investment and at bob’s watches we understand this. we allow you to see both the price we will sell a rolex to you but also the price we will buy a rolex from you. with this information you can evaluate your investment more effectively and make smarter decisions regarding if you want to sell rolex watches or keep them for a few more years. so if you google searched “sell a pre-owned rolex” or “sell rolex datejust” you’ve come to the right place. please give us a call or fill our or sell pre-owned rolex form to sell your rolex watch to us! posted in sell rolex | no comments » pre-owned rolex june 29th, 2010 rolex watches are possibly the most sought after timepiece in the entire world. when you see someone wearing a rolex you somehow know they must be important and of high stature. in the past rolexes were seen as only for the extremely wealthy, but thanks to bob’s watches almost anyone can own a pre-owned rolex at minimal cost to themselves. retail prices of rolex watches range in the tens of thousands and because these watches are such a good investment and often retain their value even a pre-owned rolex can cost thousands and thousands of dollars. bob’s watches offers rolex buyers a special opportunity as it is the first rolex watch exchange where you can buy, sell, and trade rolex watches at market prices. because of all this one can purchase  rolex watch at market price wear it for a year or two and then sell it back to bob’s watches for a little less than one bought it, or if the watch has gone up, maybe even more. in this way you can get the enjoyment and prestige of owning and wearing a rolex watch without having to pay thousands of dollars in the end. what separates rolex from other watches you may see around the world is they have the incredible ability to retain their value. if you walk out of the store with a rolex you are walking out with a lot of value whereas with many other watches often known as “one owner watches” once you walk out of that door your watch’s value has dropped to zero. due to this phenomenon it is possible to buy a rolex and sell it at nearly the same price or maybe even more years later. this is why a pre-owned rolex is such a great investment. you can go to the store and buy a seiko watch for 300 dollars and see it lose all its value instantly or you can buy a rolex watch with us for around 5000 dollars wear it four two or three years and then sell its back for 4500 dollars. so in the end you just spent 500 dollars to own one of the finest watches in the entire world! all this is possible by bob’s watches the first online rolex watch exchange. posted in rolex info | no comments » rolex daytona june 29th, 2010 there is no doubt that rolex is the most popular luxury watch in the world and of the rolex models the daytona would have to be one of the most popular. the rolex daytona is one of the most sought after watches in the world. it was originally created for the famous 24 at daytona race. this luxury watch was originally introduced in the 1960s, but only small numbers were made for the race. the models coming from this period are extremely rare and the most sought after. they are identified by the fact that they have four digit model numbers. the most valuable of these early rolex daytona watches are the watches with the so-called “paul newman” dial. paul newman was given a daytona by his wife in 1972 when he starts racing automobiles as a hobby. supposedly he wore this watch until his death in 2008 and these hard to distinguish watches are extremely hard to find and expensive to purchase. if you don’t have thousands of dollars to purchase a watch, don’t fret, another version of the majestic rolex daytona was produced by popular demand. these watches carry six digit model numbers instead of the original four and are much more common around the world and cheaper to purchase. although they are similar in aesthetic appearance to the earlier models these versions are cheaper simply because there are more of them and there is not mystique behind them, yet. the world renowned 24 hours at daytona race has been known as the rolex 24 at daytona since 1991 and rolex has been affiliated with the race since its beginning in 1962. the race is a 24 hour marathon sports car endurance race held annually.  winners of this race in every division receive a daytona steel watch from rolex watches. so if you google searched “buy a rolex daytona” or “sell a daytona” please browse our pre-owned rolex watches or call us at 1 (800) 494-3708 and we’d be glad to help you with anything you need. if we currently don’t have the watch you’re looking for please give us a call or send us an email using our contact us page and we’ll gladly search for one for you. posted in rolex info | no comments » rolex submariner june 17th, 2010 divers, sailors, and basically anyone who is in or around water needs a timepiece that can withstand a lot of pressure and is water tight, rolex provided such a timepiece with the ever present rolex submariner. the submariner was first introduced by rolex in 1954 and is known for its resistance to water and pressure and is viewed as a classic in the rolex community. this amazing watch is waterproof up to a depth of 1000 feet which allows it to sustain thousands of dives and not fail once. the mystique of this model is evident everywhere you look. the watch was featured in eleven james bond movies giving it a popular appeal not seen in any other rolex model. the rolex submariner has been a pinnacle piece of many famous voyages and expeditions. in one such voyage, the moana expedition, the watch stood over a thousand dives. thor heyerdahl a world famous norwegian marine biologist and anthropologist used the submariner on his ra ii expedition during which he sailed a boat similar to those constructed by the ancient egyptians across the atlantic ocean to south america to prove that the egyptians could have done this to share their pyramid building technologies with ancient civilizations in south america. this watch was also used in various antarctic expeditions where it withstood extreme cold temperatures and still functioned perfectly. this extremely popular watch has been seen on the wrists of some of the most famous people in the world. from the swashbuckling johnny depp to the pop icon lindsay lohan it seems that his watch reaches every spectrum of pop culture. the rolex submariner even goes as far as basketball coaching legend mike krzyzewski, iconic musician bruce springsteen, and communist ruler fidel castro. it seems that if your powerful, popular, or both this watch is a must own. so if you google searched “rolex submariner for sale” or “sell used submariner” please browse our used rolex watches or give us a call at 1(800) 494-3708 and we would be happy to answer any of your questions. posted in rolex info | no comments » search for: pagesblog sitemap archives july 2010 june 2010 categories rolex info (8) sell rolex (1) meta log in entries (rss) and comments (rss). mens used rolexdatejustdatesubmarinerexplorergmt-master iipresidentdaytonayacht-masterair-kingladies used rolexdatejustyacht-masterpresidentused rolexdatejustdatesubmarinerexplorergmt-master iipresidentdaytonayacht-masterair-king home site map customer comments shipping info return policy terms & conditions privacy policy copyright bob's watches. all rights reserved.