来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20111221075105/http://www.bobswatches.com/testimonials
================================================================================

read some testimonials and reviews bob's watches customers home used rolex how it works about faq rolex watches blog contact sell rolex cart since 1999 welcome to the rolex exchange where you can buy, sell & trade at market prices. (800) 494-3708 15182 goldenwest stsuite 105huntington beach, ca 92683 customer reviewsrecently purchased a beautiful z serial rolex sub from bob's watches. communication was very good both at purchase and after receipt i got a phone call. i received the watch today and as a previous owner of an explorer ii, … (read more) name: * email address: * upload an image: model number: * phone number: age of watch: used rolex - alldatejustdatesubmarinerexplorer gmt-master iipresidentdaytonayacht-masterair-kingsea-dweller hometestimonials happy with bob's watches? add your comments! click to submit a new testimonial… jimi c.i just bought a rolex gmt-master ll from bob's watches and i have to admit, i was a little apprehensive about wiring $4700 to them for the watch. i live in manhattan and they are in huntington beach, california. i could have paid with my credit card, but there is a savings when you wire the money. well, needless to say, after i wired the money i had a long, angst filled weekend. talking the salesperson, samantha, i wasn't really nervous. my gut feeling told me that everything was going to be okay, but my nyc logic asked me, "what the hell are you thinking sending $4700 to a company on the internet to save $150?" i read reviews and testimonials online and i figured if they were ripping people off there would be reports. they have an a rating with the bbb, but still . . . wiring money to an ad on the internet? when you wire the money it's gone. at least with a credit card you can dispute the bill if something goes wrong. and seeing how i purchased it on a friday, i had to wait all weekend before they send it fedex on monday. so, needless to day, it was a long weekend . . . well, i got my watch on tuesday like they said and i could not be happier! it's a preowned watch, but looks brand new! took it to a jeweler, had it appraised and i got a damn good deal! i am still in shock. this is a company i will do business with again and again and again!!!!submitted on friday, december 2, 2011 at 1:20 amsoreni had won a new rolex but was not a fan of the model. having a few rolexs, i decided that selling the watch would be the best option, and i contacted a number of rolex sellers. not only did bob's watches provide a superior price, but also offered a very professional and trustworthy interaction. a wire transfer was completed within hours of the watch being delivered. overall a very positive experience. i will certainly not hesitate to work with bob's watches again. sorensubmitted on wednesday, november 9, 2011 at 4:24 pmlisa finnwe just sold two rolex watches and couldn't be happier. the service was excellent and very quick. the pricing was far above any other quotes we got. thanks!submitted on thursday, october 6, 2011 at 3:44 pmmiranda m.i don't usually buy used items but my friend told me about bobs watches and i had been wanting to get a very nice watch for my boyfriend. seeing that the company has an a+ rating with the bbb helped my decision to buy from the site. the watch is in surprising perfect shape and i would have never guessed it had been used at all. i love it and more importantly so does my boyfriend.submitted on wednesday, august 10, 2011 at 5:12 pmtim dangoratheir watches are everything that they say they are. they took the fear out of buying a watch on line for me. their pricing is excellent. their service is above and beyond. they did everything that they could to make me happy and did so. buying a watch at bobs was an absolute pleasure. i would definitely buy another watch from bobs and i recommend them highly for anyone who is looking to buy a rolex.submitted on saturday, july 23, 2011 at 10:08 amscott smy wife is thrilled with the watch i bought her from bob's. the customer service we received was excellent. thanks again to andy especially!submitted on thursday, june 16, 2011 at 4:24 pmandy mlike many folks, i was extremely nervous about purchasing a rolex over the internet. i was looking at several on-line retailers and decided to go with bob's watches after speaking with both katie and andy. they seemed genuine and were open to all questions. with that being said, my military background kicked in...trust, but verify. the watch (lnib 16610 submariner) arrived as advertised and i immediately took it to a rolex authorized service technician to verfiy the watches authenticity. i was pleased to find out the watch is 100% genuine. thanks to katie and andy for a great buying experience. i can highly recommend bob's watches, next up a gmt for me.submitted on wednesday, may 11, 2011 at 1:29 pmrandy fossi sold my older rolex and purchased a new one from bob's. the transaction took less than 4 days. total professionals! i got a great price for my old one and a great price on the new one. everything was as advertised - fast delivery; very courteous. i can't say enough here on how pleased i am to be a bob's watches customer--- bravo!submitted on thursday, april 7, 2011 at 8:58 amjustin ei had a great experience with bob's watches and would recommend them to anyone who is interested in selling a watch. they were very professional and made me feel like i was their only customer. thank you to andy and the entire bob's watches staff for making this a smooth and easy going process.submitted on thursday, march 31, 2011 at 11:56 amrichard msold my watch to bob's watches. great experience called got a quote based on the model number and serial number. the instructions for sending the watch and shipping container arrived the next day. sent in my watch and had a call the day it was received. the formal price was agreed to in the late afternoon and the money was wired the next morning! great customer service through the whole transaction.submitted on friday, march 25, 2011 at 12:44 pmthomas jcannot say enough nice things about bob's and andy specifically. first class service all the way the around, as well as incredibly knowledgeable! will definitely be a repeat customer. thanks for everything.submitted on monday, march 28, 2011 at 10:03 amgino cto whom it may concern, we were at the store buying a watch today, what a pleasant experience dealing with sam, she is very sweet and informative. she made the whole process of buying a rolex very pleasant. sincerely gino csubmitted on friday, february 18, 2011 at 3:35 pmyile (eli) g.i have to say that bob's watches truly delivered the watch of my dreams and the service was top notch. andy and katie were both very helpful and courteous. i am extremely satisfied with the experience and would certainly do business again.submitted on tuesday, february 1, 2011 at 9:01 pmkyle lfrom beginnin to end, bob's watches was wonderful. i worked with katie and she was extremely helpful. katie was extremely professional, and understood exact which type of rolex i was looking for. i highly recommend bob's watches. i know for a matter of fact i will buy anothor rolex from them in a few years. thanks katie.submitted on tuesday, february 8, 2011 at 12:02 pmkareni was skeptical - have to say - i was humming and hawing but don't be. i worked with katie at bob's watches. what a wondeful experience - felt safe, felt proud of my rolex, felt that i was in good hands and walked away feeling completely satisfied about the entire experience. my rolex was sitting in my closet - hadn't been worn in ages - was collecting dust - but still it was a possession i treasured. katie understood all of that and just made the whole thing so "comfortable". it was great.submitted on friday, january 21, 2011 at 1:45 pmterri bfrom beginning to end, bob’s watches was wonderful to work with. everyone was professional, courteous, and they were able to get a last minute order to us in time for christmas. the watch was exactly what it looked like on line and it was in beautiful condition. we’ll definitely be a repeat customer.submitted on sunday, december 26, 2010 at 2:02 pmbill rgreat service!!! good, quick and easy transaction. hope to be able to do business again. thanks much. billsubmitted on tuesday, november 16, 2010 at 6:06 pmyile gi had a wonderful experience purchasing the rolex submariner from andy and katie. both were very professional and helpful. highly recommended and i will certainly purchase from bob's watches in the near future.submitted on thursday, february 10, 2011 at 1:17 amken kthank you so much. today i received my 18kt submariner with blue trim. the watch is absolutely beautiful and just as stated in description. i was very nervous about buying something this expensive over the internet, especially with all the fake rolexs out there. the staff was very helpful and made me feel very comfortable, and i still can't believe the price i paid for this watch!! thanks, i will be a repeat customer.submitted on monday, november 15, 2010 at 4:30 pmfrank si received the watch today! wow!!!! all i can say, nice piece! thanks again! went to my ad, he said it is as described! 100 percent correct! it has been a pleasure to do business with you guys! very very happy! thanks again keep up the good work! hope to buy from you guys again, soon. keep me posted of any great specials! you can never have too many rolex watches!submitted on monday, november 8, 2010 at 12:02 pmjerry vrecently, i called bob's watches to inquire about selling a lnib 16610 rolex submariner. they said that if the description regarding the condition of the watch was accurate as described they would pay "x" amount of dollars. they sent by overnight mail a box and return pre-paid shipping label. as soon as they received the watch the full amount was immediately wired to my bank account. at all times, their courtesy, consideration as well as communication was excellent. i'm certainly looking forward to dealing with them again, hopefully to make a purchase!submitted on thursday, october 21, 2010 at 3:21 pmbrian bbobs watches had great communication. i called up asking about the sea dweller deep sea they had, i asked for detailed hd photos and they were promptly sent. i ordered the watch that thursday evening, they called confirmed my identity, order and address and received my watch saturday morning. the order was insured and next day!! took it to ad monday to verify it's authenticity, and comment from watchmaker at ad said it was in immaculate condition! thank you bobs!! this deep sea is flawlesssubmitted on tuesday, september 28, 2010 at 11:50 amlee hrecently purchased a beautiful z serial rolex sub from bob's watches. communication was very good both at purchase and after receipt i got a phone call. i received the watch today and as a previous owner of an explorer ii, i must say i now understand why the submariner is so iconic and the top selling rolex sport model in the world! it is simply stunning on my wrist. i would not hesitate to make a future purchase at bob's watches!submitted on monday, september 27, 2010 at 2:17 pmgeorge t.sold my watch to bob's watches. great experience called got a quote and sent in my watch had the money wired the same day! great customer service helped me out a lot.submitted on thursday, september 9, 2010 at 1:56 pmed.vi purchased the rolex sub 16613 with serti dial. it's just awesome my dad really likes it. now i want one :) i'm a repeat customer thanks guy's.submitted on saturday, august 28, 2010 at 10:15 amrick s.sold my rolex to bob's watches. called them up on the phone gave me their price of $4100 got their mailer box the next day and mailed it out to them from my home in new york. they got the watch next day and i got my money right away. great customer service will answer any questions you have. highly, highly recommended.submitted on thursday, august 19, 2010 at 3:02 pmed vwow, i can across this web-site and the first thing i thought was wow the prices are too good to be true. so i took a chance on the rolex gmt ii coke bezel 16710 i received the next day and i was very happy 100% authentic. i'm ready to purchase a few more!!! thanks bob's watches.submitted on monday, august 16, 2010 at 6:57 amstacy (wife of mckinley w.)this past may, my husband, mckinley, reached a goal in his profession that he had strived for a few years to obtain. he'd previously researched several watches as he was looking to add another to his collection. he came upon your website and after much research (including the request of a video of this watch, which your company happily complied with) he decided to go with the datejust, model 15210. when he received the watch, he was more than happy with it and it continues to 'grow on him' with each day. the level of professionalism of bob's watches was refreshing. we will definitely give your company's name to anyone who asks our opinion of who to buy a rolex from. the 'thank you' gift we received in the mail was a thoughtful gesture and was much appreciated. this watch will symbolize not only class but also the hard work my husband put into his goal. thanks again for making our experience one we will remember and share.submitted on sunday, august 8, 2010 at 5:06 pmpatrick tthis is my first rolex. it is really a great experience to buy it at bob's watches. very nice watch. very good service and very fast shipping. all of the rest is to enjoy my master piece. i bought 3 automatic omega watches in the past. none of them could be compared with this rolex oyster perpetual. thank you very much! pat t. software engineersubmitted on sunday, august 8, 2010 at 12:21 pmcray ci purchased a ladies oyster perpetual datejust for my wife from your site and she loves the watch. the mother of pearl and diamond dial look even better in person than in the pictures. i searched for a considerable amount of time and the price on this watch was fantastic. greg and everyone else were extremely helpful and their follow up to make sure my wife enjoyed the watch was very special. thank you again. craysubmitted on friday, august 6, 2010 at 6:48 pmjeh pthanks for making my purchase of a rolex two tone datejust 16233 such an easy and problem free experience. the watch was opened up in a couple of minutes, numbers matched, got a pristine watch, better than advertised or expected, very gently used, if at all. would go back in a shot if i wanted to buy another rolex. wish the team all the best and hope they continue with their tradition of good watches at the best prices possible and keep their prices as affordable as they currently are. i can guarantee you wont get a better deal anywhere else and believe me i really looked around everywhere before i went to bob's. the watch is on my wrist as i type this and keeping perfect time.good luck and god bless. jeh.submitted on wednesday, july 28, 2010 at 7:53 pmsteve mhello, i wanted to thank you again for the excellent customer service experience regarding my recent purchase of a rolex gmt-master ii i work in the it security sector and it was refeshing to see that your website met the market standards for making safe and secure online purchase's and your company demonstated first class customer service by calling me to thank me and to provide the next day shipping information which by the way arrived on a saturday in a secure package. i will make sure that any friends or family looking for a future purchase will consider buying from your company. thanks again! steve m systems engineer irving, texassubmitted on wednesday, july 28, 2010 at 9:16 am showing items 1 - 32 of 32 total (page 1 of 1) mens used rolexdatejustdatesubmarinerexplorergmt-master iipresidentdaytonayacht-masterair-kingsea-dwellermilgaussladies used rolexdatejustyacht-masterpresidentused rolex - alldatejustdatesubmarinerexplorer gmt-master iipresidentdaytonayacht-masterair-kingsea-dwellervintageprice guiderolex submariner home site map blog site map customer comments shipping info return policy terms & conditions privacy policy used rolex prices pre-owned rolex copyright bob's watches. all rights reserved. bob's watches is not affiliated with rolex s.a., rolex usa, or any of its subsidiaries scroll to top