来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20121226151402/http://www.bobswatches.com/testimonials
================================================================================

read some testimonials and reviews bob's watches customers home used rolex about rolex watches blog contact sell rolex cart since 1999 welcome to the pre-owned rolex exchange where you can buy, sell & trade at market prices. (800) 494-3708 15182 goldenwest stsuite 105huntington beach, ca 92683 customer reviewsi recently traded an older president for a newer model submariner. my new watch arrived today and i am very pleased. thanks to victoria for a great transaction! bob in alabama …(read all reviews) name: * email address: * upload an image: model number: * phone number: age of watch: used rolex - allair-kingdatedatejustdaytonaexplorermilgausspresidentsea-dwellersubmariner gmt-master iiyacht-master hometestimonials happy with bob's watches? add your comments! click to submit a new testimonial… david lthe customer service i received was top notch and the watch looked better than i expected. i will recommend bob's to my friends and will buy my next rolex here as well.submitted on saturday, november 24, 2012 at 7:45 pmbob chappellei recently traded an older president for a newer model submariner. my new watch arrived today and i am very pleased. thanks to victoria for a great transaction! bob in alabamasubmitted on saturday, november 24, 2012 at 2:38 pmmarshalli just received my 18238 president this morning. it is beautiful, and as represented. the transaction was easy and the product better than advertised. thanks joe, carol, and larry !submitted on wednesday, november 21, 2012 at 1:27 pmwilliam – louisianabob’s - thank you. i just received my watch. it is certainly mint condition. it looks great. i'll definitely remember you guys for my next watch. thanks again.submitted on friday, november 16, 2012 at 3:57 pmroberti wouldn't consider buying a used rolex from anybody else. thanks joe, i love my gmt master 2. a great deal on a great watch!submitted on friday, november 16, 2012 at 1:29 pmjulia hthe watch is gorgeous, not a scratch on it. thanks so much, i know my husband will love it!submitted on tuesday, november 13, 2012 at 8:24 pmcraig ai received the ladies rolex i purchased from you today. the watch looks fantastic. i bought an almost identical watch for my fiancé in 1993. unfortunately this watch was stolen recently. i was relieved to find the replacement watch on your website, and was able to replace the one that was stolen. while the new one will never fully replace the 20 years of memories she has with her original watch, having an almost identical replacement will help ease her pain. thank you for your professionalism, selection, and overnight shipping. this experience has made a very tough time a little more bearable.submitted on tuesday, november 6, 2012 at 5:37 pmtommy haskellextremely pleased" doesn't do justice to the feeling i have after my experience purchasing my used rolex masterpiece tridor with bob's watches. fast, friendly service with fair pricing. package was shipped priority overnight for a saturday delivery and was packed as if i had purchased it brand new. everything was as they stated... "mint condition!!!"submitted on friday, november 2, 2012 at 4:11 pmdon b.hi, i've received my order about an hour ago. i can't express how satisfied i am with my rolex! bob's watches is probably the best online dealer i've done business with. i will definitely be doing business with you in the future. thanks again.submitted on monday, october 29, 2012 at 2:29 pmjohn h.just wanted to advise that i received my watch yesterday and a very handsome watch it is! hard to believe it’s pre owned….it looks pristine. i want to thank bob’s watches for your time & courtesy during this transaction. i also appreciated all the documentation that came with the watch. very helpful in proving it’s a real rolex and how to take care of this beautiful timepiece. i would definitely recommend your outfit to anyone i know that may be looking for a pre owned rolex or other watch. thank you kindly!submitted on wednesday, october 24, 2012 at 6:26 pmroberti received my submariner this morning and could not be more satisfied. the watch appears exactly as it did on the website. purchasing an item of this nature online can be a bit concerning, but i can attest that bob's watches is an outstanding company with tremendous, helpful employees. it was absolutely a pleasure doing business with bob's, and i will highly recommend bob's to any interested individuals.submitted on thursday, october 18, 2012 at 9:31 amjon west seattlei was delighted with the watch and the packaging was exactly as pictured, and even included the original warranty form and folder (since it was not shown in a picture, i assumed would not be there). i also have to mention the great documentation package you put with the watch. a very professional looking and informative set of information.submitted on thursday, october 11, 2012 at 12:19 pmpaulgreat watch...great service...great price. ordered my submariner at 5pm on wednesday and was wearing it at 10:30 am on thursday! just as described. mint condition with box and papers. no reason to look anywhere else. thanks.submitted on thursday, october 4, 2012 at 6:37 pmjohnmy watch was received today and thank you! it is beyond perfect. i can find no evidence of its prior use. it exceeded my expectations. time and date were already set, and the band was even the correct size for my wrist coincidently. i am most pleased with this transaction, and will be returning for a no date submariner. thank you very much! johnsubmitted on friday, september 21, 2012 at 7:21 pmlu mieng hiibought a datejust ii recently on 8/29/2012, received the watch on 9/5/2012. all the way from us to papua new guinea. just want to say thank you!!! love the watch! deliver as promised. certainly would love to buy again from you guys!submitted on wednesday, september 5, 2012 at 6:24 ammike dellisi received my watch this morning and i am delighted with it. the watch is just as pictured and described on line. the purchase was smooth and when my bank called for assistance with wire transfer instructions they were treated as if they had been doing business with bob's for years. very friendly and helpful staff.submitted on tuesday, september 4, 2012 at 5:15 pmbriani ordered my watch on thursday and had it in hand on saturday morning. the watch was even better than described, i am thrilled. it will be a gift for my wife and it is spectacular. thanks to everyone at bob's that took such good care of me.submitted on saturday, september 1, 2012 at 11:46 ammark ceccarellizoomi recently presented the submariner i have worn for the past 20 years to my youngest son upon his graduation from college. he truly earned it. but it wasn't long before i realized how much i missed my durable and reliable old friend and decided to replace it. i was pretty surprised when i looked at the cost of new and decided to buy a pre-owned watch. i stumbled on bob's as i searched the web, but was very apprehensive about making this type of purchase remotely. after thoroughly studying the website, i gave them a call to get my numerous questions answered. that was all it took to convince me this operation was legitimate, and i made the decision to purchase the watch i had selected. it arrived today and i can say i am a firm bob's watches believer! the communication and financial exchanges were highly professional and my watch was delivered promptly this morning by fedex. the packaging was superb and everything was in the box that was supposed to be...and more! this watch looks brand new, was set to the proper time and date and all i had to do was slip it on my wrist. i am absolutely delighted with my experience with bob watches and would recommend them to anyone without reservation.submitted on friday, august 31, 2012 at 4:45 pmstevendealing with samantha and the rest of the staff was a very professional experience. the service was prompt and i received my watch the next day and the condition is as if it is brand new. thank you!submitted on monday, august 27, 2012 at 5:04 pmdean si just sold two of my rolex watches to bob's watches. i felt the appraisals were fair and the process was prompt & painless. bob's staff, especially samantha b., victoria, and joe were exceptional! thanks to all! dean- missourisubmitted on tuesday, august 21, 2012 at 2:12 pmroger r.a satisfied customer, several months on ... i must say i was leery about buying a rolex over the web, but the exact no date sub i was looking for appeared, and the reviews of bob's convinced me to pull the string. i could not be happier with the product - delivery as promised, box and papers intact, watch as depicted, and my sub has been within -1 sec/day since i ran it in. i also own an omega gmt and breitling aerospace, both purchased new, but have become a one-watch guy. well done to the team.submitted on friday, august 3, 2012 at 11:10 ammike c.just wanted to say a big thanks for the fantastic ladies rolex i purchased from your online store. you certainly went the extra mile getting this watch to me and truly define what outstanding customer service is all about. please thank carol and all the other folks at bob's for making this happen. needless to say my wife absolutely loves her new rolex.submitted on tuesday, july 31, 2012 at 8:37 pmmichael dthank you for an excellent experience selling my rolex. bob's watches was prompt, courteous, and honest. you exceeded my expectations.submitted on tuesday, july 24, 2012 at 7:36 pmjdto everyone at bob's watches...thank you! i was very cautious about purchasing such an expensive item, especially a rolex over the internet sight unseen. max and the whole team at bob's went above and beyond to answer all my questions, send additional photos, and even pull the watch from inventory to go over every detail. after much debate i decided to pull the trigger. the watch arrived exactly as they described and overnight fedex. upon opening the package i found a beautiful like new rolex box with my new yachtmaster with all of its documentation and manuals. before i could get too excited i rushed to the local rolex service center and asked them to verify every detail of the watch. the jeweler congratulated me on an excellent find an assured me that i had made an excellent decision. i would refer anyone interested in a high quality like new rolex to bob's watches. thank you for the outstanding customer service and beautifull yachtmaster. thanks, jd - texassubmitted on thursday, june 28, 2012 at 7:35 pmrichard"i called bob's watch to discuss a rolex president, my sole purpose was to negotiate the best deal possible. "sam" gave me an excellent and very fair deal on a model they had in stock. "sam" also mentioned how i could save a little more by sending payment via a wire transfer. no pressure, no hard sell, just a pleasant, friendly, informative person who knew a great deal about rolex watches and customer service. i agreed to purchase the watch, was excited about telling my bank to wire the money that day so i could have and wear the watch the next day. unfortunately it was after 2:00 pm & my bank informed me they don't wire after 2:00 pm. disappointed i called "sam" back, told of my frustrating bank news and went back to work accepting the fact i must wait. that night, while checking my voice messages, i had received a call from "sam" saying they went ahead and sent the watch that night, so i would have it the next morning. i learned from "sam", or should i say samantha berger, despite all the greed and dishonest people in government and in many business markets, there are still, caring, honest, trusting, hard working folks, who exhibit the integrity and character traits we long for in today's business men and women. bob & staff are unique and exhibit those moral traits. samantha, thank you for helping me and for reminding me honesty, trust and customer service are still important in american business. you are a rare gem and have made a life long repeat customer because of your unselfish actions. thank you bobs watches, smart move hiring "sam". regards, richard (austin, texas) "submitted on friday, june 15, 2012 at 3:39 pme e huntjust purchased my first rolex - a pre-owned submariner from bob's. the staff was great and the watch was in far better condition than i had imagined it would. i am one happy customer!submitted on sunday, june 3, 2012 at 8:15 pmchuck s.with all the internet scams today you get a little leery about selling a rolex on line. but the experience couldn't have been better. the price was right and within 24 hours of receiving my watch my money was wired into my account. everyone was courteous,and i would highly recommend bobs to anyone thinking of buying or selling a rolex. great experience!submitted on friday, june 1, 2012 at 8:22 pmjake winslowi called bob's watches with a few questions about a rolex submariner i saw on their site. i didn't think i was going to actually buy it that day i thought i was going to wait a few weeks and look around at a couple other places. once i got on the phone with bob's they made me feel very comfortable and safe. i believe i spoke with a max and a joe and they were both so helpful. thank you to everyone who works at bob's watches for getting me my watch on time and with great customer support.submitted on saturday, may 26, 2012 at 12:34 pma. r.i just wanted to reach out and say thank you for my yachtmaster and the customer experience you guys have given me. the watch is in phenomenal condition and i absolutely love it. thank you again and tell bob good sale!!! have a great day.submitted on friday, may 25, 2012 at 3:09 pmd wilsonat first i was a little skeptical shipping my time piece all the way across the country but i took a leap of faith and couldn't be more pleased with the service from ms. na. kind, courteous and very professional. awesome job guys!submitted on thursday, may 24, 2012 at 2:39 pmderek gilmoremany thanks for your patience and professionalism in dealing with my initial concern and doubt re authenticity of explorer 2 oyster bracelet. based on the above mentioned, i do believe i have become and will be a continued buyer of future rolex watches from your establishment! i'm pretty certain that as i wear and enjoy my explorer 2, i will be more than happy to send my colleagues and clients your way for their rolex purchases. again, i'm happy and pleased with my new watch investment from bob's watches.submitted on thursday, may 24, 2012 at 1:00 pmbruce lincolnthank you for the fast, courteous and professional service. i will be sure to recommend you in the future and to leave positive feedback on the blogs.submitted on thursday, may 24, 2012 at 12:57 pmfrank ti was very pleased with the entire transaction from beginning to end. great job, thank yousubmitted on tuesday, may 22, 2012 at 4:01 pmmedoi was searching for a good price, and to be honest, this guys by far the best in customer service, post sale service, pretty much from a to z talked to sam and she is always available to answer the phone, didn't know much about rolex lol and she was awesome explaining everything in great details out of her busy schedule. my watch came in 10x better condition as i excepted and i received it within 24 hours of placing my order. will definitely recommend them to my friends. sam!! keep up the great work and the fantastic attitude. thank yousubmitted on sunday, may 20, 2012 at 6:00 pmbob archibaldthe whole transaction was fair, fast, and satisfying. i wish i had more rolex watches to sell!submitted on wednesday, may 16, 2012 at 5:01 pmgary esporrini recently sold my rolex submariner to bob's. the process was handled very professionaly and payment was received in a very timely manner. i hesitated to do this via the internet, but was extremely satisified with the whole process!!submitted on tuesday, may 15, 2012 at 3:29 pmkim martinsold my dad's president rolex, i am so impressed with their professionalism and a++ customer service. great experience, thank you carol...submitted on tuesday, may 8, 2012 at 3:40 pmrichardi was very leary of buying a rolex from an internet dealer and then toss in the fact that i was considering using a wire transfer to pay for it to save a few bucks and i had people asking me "what are you thinking". after reading the other testimonials and talking with the satff at bob's i decided to take the plunge and i was not disappointed. the staff was very professional, the rolex yachtmaster showed up exactly when i was told it would, and it was in superb condition with the box and papers intact. if you're thinking of buying a rolex.. skip your local shop and call bob!submitted on tuesday, may 1, 2012 at 9:08 amphilippurchased a datejust watch in march. the service was very professional and honest. the watch was in fantastic condition and exceeded my expectations for a used watch. i will be buying from them again in the near futuresubmitted on friday, april 20, 2012 at 3:17 pmmike ci didn't want the headache of ebay or the potential for a robbery from using craig's list so i decided to sell my watch to a reputable dealer. my datajust needed to find a home where it would be worn so i did my research and found bob's to be the best of the best. they were fair in their offer and i know that they got a great watch. sam was attentive and answered all of my questions and emails. this is a place that you can trust. i will do business with them again.submitted on tuesday, february 21, 2012 at 4:59 pmandyi was very skeptical of online rolex dealers, however, after much research and talking with the folks at bob's, i decided to go ahead and purchase my wife a datejust. not only was the watch in pristine (like new) condition, it was sent overnight and arrived as described. thanks bob's, i will most definitely buy my next rolex from you!submitted on monday, february 20, 2012 at 6:54 pmalex si bougth a rolex datejust with factory diamonds dial and it really was a great and pleasant experience to deal with samantha and the staff at bob's watches. the watch arrived overnight before 12 pm and the conditions were extremely good , almost like new, with complete papers and box: all as promised ! i highly recommend to deal with bob's watches if you intend to buy a rolex for a good price.you can trust bob's watches plus they also protect your identity and your purchase. thanks !submitted on saturday, january 21, 2012 at 4:55 pmdavidi just wanted to drop you a line telling you how fair you were in purchasing my "hadn't been worn in over 35 years rolex gmt-master pepsi model watch". i'm happy with what you offered for it and i also hope you make a nice profit in selling it. thanks to everybody at bob's.submitted on wednesday, january 4, 2012 at 12:27 pmmichael alonzojust received my mens day-date 18083 in the mail, right around the time of day bob's associate predicted. the whole process was very quick, and quite efficient. i was a bit weary of sending a large amount of money to a 'stranger from the internet', but was made to feel at ease by such professionalism. already went to my local rolex dealer here in manhattan to have a few links removed for perfect size!! will absolutely refer others to bob's for all things rolex, and i personally look forward to future interaction!!submitted on wednesday, december 21, 2011 at 4:00 pmjimi c.i just bought a rolex gmt-master ll from bob's watches and i have to admit, i was a little apprehensive about wiring $4700 to them for the watch. i live in manhattan and they are in huntington beach, california. i could have paid with my credit card, but there is a savings when you wire the money. well, needless to say, after i wired the money i had a long, angst filled weekend. talking the salesperson, samantha, i wasn't really nervous. my gut feeling told me that everything was going to be okay, but my nyc logic asked me, "what the hell are you thinking sending $4700 to a company on the internet to save $150?" i read reviews and testimonials online and i figured if they were ripping people off there would be reports. they have an a rating with the bbb, but still . . . wiring money to an ad on the internet? when you wire the money it's gone. at least with a credit card you can dispute the bill if something goes wrong. and seeing how i purchased it on a friday, i had to wait all weekend before they send it fedex on monday. so, needless to day, it was a long weekend . . . well, i got my watch on tuesday like they said and i could not be happier! it's a preowned watch, but looks brand new! took it to a jeweler, had it appraised and i got a damn good deal! i am still in shock. this is a company i will do business with again and again and again!!!!submitted on friday, december 2, 2011 at 1:20 amsoreni had won a new rolex but was not a fan of the model. having a few rolexs, i decided that selling the watch would be the best option, and i contacted a number of rolex sellers. not only did bob's watches provide a superior price, but also offered a very professional and trustworthy interaction. a wire transfer was completed within hours of the watch being delivered. overall a very positive experience. i will certainly not hesitate to work with bob's watches again. sorensubmitted on wednesday, november 9, 2011 at 4:24 pmlisa finnwe just sold two rolex watches and couldn't be happier. the service was excellent and very quick. the pricing was far above any other quotes we got. thanks!submitted on thursday, october 6, 2011 at 3:44 pmmiranda m.i don't usually buy used items but my friend told me about bobs watches and i had been wanting to get a very nice watch for my boyfriend. seeing that the company has an a+ rating with the bbb helped my decision to buy from the site. the watch is in surprising perfect shape and i would have never guessed it had been used at all. i love it and more importantly so does my boyfriend.submitted on wednesday, august 10, 2011 at 5:12 pmtim dangoratheir watches are everything that they say they are. they took the fear out of buying a watch on line for me. their pricing is excellent. their service is above and beyond. they did everything that they could to make me happy and did so. buying a watch at bobs was an absolute pleasure. i would definitely buy another watch from bobs and i recommend them highly for anyone who is looking to buy a rolex.submitted on saturday, july 23, 2011 at 10:08 amscott smy wife is thrilled with the watch i bought her from bob's. the customer service we received was excellent. thanks again to andy especially!submitted on thursday, june 16, 2011 at 4:24 pmandy mlike many folks, i was extremely nervous about purchasing a rolex over the internet. i was looking at several on-line retailers and decided to go with bob's watches after speaking with both katie and andy. they seemed genuine and were open to all questions. with that being said, my military background kicked in...trust, but verify. the watch (lnib 16610 submariner) arrived as advertised and i immediately took it to a rolex authorized service technician to verfiy the watches authenticity. i was pleased to find out the watch is 100% genuine. thanks to katie and andy for a great buying experience. i can highly recommend bob's watches, next up a gmt for me.submitted on wednesday, may 11, 2011 at 1:29 pmrandy fossi sold my older rolex and purchased a new one from bob's. the transaction took less than 4 days. total professionals! i got a great price for my old one and a great price on the new one. everything was as advertised - fast delivery; very courteous. i can't say enough here on how pleased i am to be a bob's watches customer--- bravo!submitted on thursday, april 7, 2011 at 8:58 amjustin ei had a great experience with bob's watches and would recommend them to anyone who is interested in selling a watch. they were very professional and made me feel like i was their only customer. thank you to andy and the entire bob's watches staff for making this a smooth and easy going process.submitted on thursday, march 31, 2011 at 11:56 amrichard msold my watch to bob's watches. great experience called got a quote based on the model number and serial number. the instructions for sending the watch and shipping container arrived the next day. sent in my watch and had a call the day it was received. the formal price was agreed to in the late afternoon and the money was wired the next morning! great customer service through the whole transaction.submitted on friday, march 25, 2011 at 12:44 pmthomas jcannot say enough nice things about bob's and andy specifically. first class service all the way the around, as well as incredibly knowledgeable! will definitely be a repeat customer. thanks for everything.submitted on monday, march 28, 2011 at 10:03 amgino cto whom it may concern, we were at the store buying a watch today, what a pleasant experience dealing with sam, she is very sweet and informative. she made the whole process of buying a rolex very pleasant. sincerely gino csubmitted on friday, february 18, 2011 at 3:35 pmyile (eli) g.i have to say that bob's watches truly delivered the watch of my dreams and the service was top notch. andy and katie were both very helpful and courteous. i am extremely satisfied with the experience and would certainly do business again.submitted on tuesday, february 1, 2011 at 9:01 pmkyle lfrom beginnin to end, bob's watches was wonderful. i worked with katie and she was extremely helpful. katie was extremely professional, and understood exact which type of rolex i was looking for. i highly recommend bob's watches. i know for a matter of fact i will buy anothor rolex from them in a few years. thanks katie.submitted on tuesday, february 8, 2011 at 12:02 pmkareni was skeptical - have to say - i was humming and hawing but don't be. i worked with katie at bob's watches. what a wondeful experience - felt safe, felt proud of my rolex, felt that i was in good hands and walked away feeling completely satisfied about the entire experience. my rolex was sitting in my closet - hadn't been worn in ages - was collecting dust - but still it was a possession i treasured. katie understood all of that and just made the whole thing so "comfortable". it was great.submitted on friday, january 21, 2011 at 1:45 pmterri bfrom beginning to end, bob’s watches was wonderful to work with. everyone was professional, courteous, and they were able to get a last minute order to us in time for christmas. the watch was exactly what it looked like on line and it was in beautiful condition. we’ll definitely be a repeat customer.submitted on sunday, december 26, 2010 at 2:02 pmbill rgreat service!!! good, quick and easy transaction. hope to be able to do business again. thanks much. billsubmitted on tuesday, november 16, 2010 at 6:06 pmyile gi had a wonderful experience purchasing the rolex submariner from andy and katie. both were very professional and helpful. highly recommended and i will certainly purchase from bob's watches in the near future.submitted on thursday, february 10, 2011 at 1:17 amken kthank you so much. today i received my 18kt submariner with blue trim. the watch is absolutely beautiful and just as stated in description. i was very nervous about buying something this expensive over the internet, especially with all the fake rolexs out there. the staff was very helpful and made me feel very comfortable, and i still can't believe the price i paid for this watch!! thanks, i will be a repeat customer.submitted on monday, november 15, 2010 at 4:30 pmfrank si received the watch today! wow!!!! all i can say, nice piece! thanks again! went to my ad, he said it is as described! 100 percent correct! it has been a pleasure to do business with you guys! very very happy! thanks again keep up the good work! hope to buy from you guys again, soon. keep me posted of any great specials! you can never have too many rolex watches!submitted on monday, november 8, 2010 at 12:02 pmjerry vrecently, i called bob's watches to inquire about selling a lnib 16610 rolex submariner. they said that if the description regarding the condition of the watch was accurate as described they would pay "x" amount of dollars. they sent by overnight mail a box and return pre-paid shipping label. as soon as they received the watch the full amount was immediately wired to my bank account. at all times, their courtesy, consideration as well as communication was excellent. i'm certainly looking forward to dealing with them again, hopefully to make a purchase!submitted on thursday, october 21, 2010 at 3:21 pmbrian bbobs watches had great communication. i called up asking about the sea dweller deep sea they had, i asked for detailed hd photos and they were promptly sent. i ordered the watch that thursday evening, they called confirmed my identity, order and address and received my watch saturday morning. the order was insured and next day!! took it to ad monday to verify it's authenticity, and comment from watchmaker at ad said it was in immaculate condition! thank you bobs!! this deep sea is flawlesssubmitted on tuesday, september 28, 2010 at 11:50 amlee hrecently purchased a beautiful z serial rolex sub from bob's watches. communication was very good both at purchase and after receipt i got a phone call. i received the watch today and as a previous owner of an explorer ii, i must say i now understand why the submariner is so iconic and the top selling rolex sport model in the world! it is simply stunning on my wrist. i would not hesitate to make a future purchase at bob's watches!submitted on monday, september 27, 2010 at 2:17 pmgeorge t.sold my watch to bob's watches. great experience called got a quote and sent in my watch had the money wired the same day! great customer service helped me out a lot.submitted on thursday, september 9, 2010 at 1:56 pmed.vi purchased the rolex sub 16613 with serti dial. it's just awesome my dad really likes it. now i want one :) i'm a repeat customer thanks guy's.submitted on saturday, august 28, 2010 at 10:15 amrick s.sold my rolex to bob's watches. called them up on the phone gave me their price of $4100 got their mailer box the next day and mailed it out to them from my home in new york. they got the watch next day and i got my money right away. great customer service will answer any questions you have. highly, highly recommended.submitted on thursday, august 19, 2010 at 3:02 pmed vwow, i can across this web-site and the first thing i thought was wow the prices are too good to be true. so i took a chance on the rolex gmt ii coke bezel 16710 i received the next day and i was very happy 100% authentic. i'm ready to purchase a few more!!! thanks bob's watches.submitted on monday, august 16, 2010 at 6:57 amstacy (wife of mckinley w.)this past may, my husband, mckinley, reached a goal in his profession that he had strived for a few years to obtain. he'd previously researched several watches as he was looking to add another to his collection. he came upon your website and after much research (including the request of a video of this watch, which your company happily complied with) he decided to go with the datejust, model 15210. when he received the watch, he was more than happy with it and it continues to 'grow on him' with each day. the level of professionalism of bob's watches was refreshing. we will definitely give your company's name to anyone who asks our opinion of who to buy a rolex from. the 'thank you' gift we received in the mail was a thoughtful gesture and was much appreciated. this watch will symbolize not only class but also the hard work my husband put into his goal. thanks again for making our experience one we will remember and share.submitted on sunday, august 8, 2010 at 5:06 pmpatrick tthis is my first rolex. it is really a great experience to buy it at bob's watches. very nice watch. very good service and very fast shipping. all of the rest is to enjoy my master piece. i bought 3 automatic omega watches in the past. none of them could be compared with this rolex oyster perpetual. thank you very much! pat t. software engineersubmitted on sunday, august 8, 2010 at 12:21 pmcray ci purchased a ladies oyster perpetual datejust for my wife from your site and she loves the watch. the mother of pearl and diamond dial look even better in person than in the pictures. i searched for a considerable amount of time and the price on this watch was fantastic. greg and everyone else were extremely helpful and their follow up to make sure my wife enjoyed the watch was very special. thank you again. craysubmitted on friday, august 6, 2010 at 6:48 pmjeh pthanks for making my purchase of a rolex two tone datejust 16233 such an easy and problem free experience. the watch was opened up in a couple of minutes, numbers matched, got a pristine watch, better than advertised or expected, very gently used, if at all. would go back in a shot if i wanted to buy another rolex. wish the team all the best and hope they continue with their tradition of good watches at the best prices possible and keep their prices as affordable as they currently are. i can guarantee you wont get a better deal anywhere else and believe me i really looked around everywhere before i went to bob's. the watch is on my wrist as i type this and keeping perfect time.good luck and god bless. jeh.submitted on wednesday, july 28, 2010 at 7:53 pmsteve mhello, i wanted to thank you again for the excellent customer service experience regarding my recent purchase of a rolex gmt-master ii i work in the it security sector and it was refeshing to see that your website met the market standards for making safe and secure online purchase's and your company demonstated first class customer service by calling me to thank me and to provide the next day shipping information which by the way arrived on a saturday in a secure package. i will make sure that any friends or family looking for a future purchase will consider buying from your company. thanks again! steve m systems engineer irving, texassubmitted on wednesday, july 28, 2010 at 9:16 am showing items 1 - 76 of 76 total (page 1 of 1) used rolex watches 2011 rolex explorer iibuy mens watchesdatejust jubilee bracelet band size how to sell your rolexladies rolex for saleladies rolex stainless steel datejust pre owned explorer iirolex 16233 pricerolex oyster submarinerrolex serial number verificationrolex serial numbers rolex submariner 14060mrolex yacht mastersell or buy used rolex bostonsell used rolex bostonused king airused rolexeswatches blue face mens used rolexdatejustdatesubmarinerexplorergmt-master iipresidentdaytonayacht-masterair-kingsea-dwellermilgaussladies used rolexdatejustyacht-masterpresidentused rolex - allair-kingdatedatejustdaytonaexplorermilgausspresidentsea-dwellersubmariner gmt-master iiyacht-mastervintage rolexprice guiderolex submarinerrolex books company info authenticity pledge buyers protection plan about bob's customer testimonials press services & support find it for me terms & conditions privacy policy contact us gold rolex | faq buying & selling how to sell used rolex prices pre-owned rolex rolex serial numbers chart lookup shipping & returns u.s. shipping international shipping returns shipping info connect with bob's twitter facebook blog site map site map copyright bob's watches. all rights reserved. bob's watches is not affiliated with rolex s.a., rolex usa, or any of its subsidiaries scroll to top