来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20131219015927/http://www.bobswatches.com/testimonials
================================================================================

read some testimonials and reviews bob's watches customers blog cart contact newsletter (800) 494-3708 15176 goldenwest st huntington beach, ca 92683 rolex submarinerrolex daytonarolex presidentrolex datejustrolex daterolex gmt-mastervintage rolexrolex milgaussrolex explorerrolex air-kingrolex sea-dwellerrolex yachtmasterrolex celliniladies used rolexprice guiderolex booksused rolexmens used rolexjewelry home rolex watches save up to 50% on a rolex watch rolex submarinerrolex daytonarolex presidentrolex datejustrolex daterolex gmt-mastervintage rolexrolex milgaussrolex explorerrolex air-kingrolex sea-dwellerrolex yachtmasterrolex celliniladies used rolexmens used rolex used rolex sell rolex press jewelry help about usfaqrolex watch case sizesrolex condition grading select a modelrolex submarinerrolex daytonarolex presidentrolex datejustrolex daterolex gmt-mastervintage rolexrolex milgaussrolex explorerrolex air-kingrolex sea-dwellerrolex yachtmasterrolex celliniladies used rolexdatejustpresidentyacht-masterprice guiderolex booksused rolexmens used rolexjewelryother watch brandsestate jewelry hometestimonials happy with bob's watches? add your comments! click to submit a new testimonial… keith fi think my concern as with most consumers is to not get ripped off. we all have and heard the horror stories of internet purchases. i am thrilled that this purchase was everything as advertised. the watch i purchased was truly (mint) condition. i took it to a local jeweler as soon as it arrived and even he was impressed at the condition of the watch. i am grateful to all of the staff that helped me through the process. your comment about the delay was no delay at all. when i was told it would be delivered on saturday i requested it be done on monday instead. this way my wife will suspect nothing. it is her christmas gift. i would recommend "bob's" to any and all for a great experience of purchase and quality. thank you again and wish your entire staff a merry christmas from me.submitted on tuesday, december 10, 2013 at 8:12 pmmg - virginiajoseph - just wanted to let you all know my 2 x datejusts arrived today as per the tracking info. i must say when your company describes the condition as "like new" - you all certainly mean that. i am very impressed with the quality, fit and finish of these 2 pre-owned rolex's - i'd describe them as "mint" - as i can see no difference between the pristine models you sold me vs. a new rolex. if i didn't know the original datejust model was discontinued, i'd swear both were brand new. i wanted to thank you for a smooth, incredibly secure and greatly rewarding transaction. i've waited years to finally acquire a rolex and you can bet i'll be back next year. i'd highly recommend your company to anyone in the market for a superior quality pre-owned rolex at a very, very reasonable price (along with unparalleled customer service). thank you and happy holidays to all at your company. ps - setting the time to est before shipment was a very nice touch. as soon as i opened the box i could see both the local time and date were exact!submitted on tuesday, december 10, 2013 at 7:31 pmjasonjust received my two tone roman numeral cream face dj. shipping was very fast and easy. the whole purchasing process was smooth, i was skeptic to purchase online, but now after dealing with your company, i'd gladly purchase from you guys again. watch is beautiful, i couldn't be more pleased. thank yousubmitted on monday, december 9, 2013 at 2:01 pmahmed dardeirvery impressed with bob's watches. i thought such websites do not exist anymore. found their site on the internet after one of my relative told me about. pleased how the transaction was so easy and fast. i sent them the watch overnight(they payed for everything) and i received my money within48 hours!! amazing. a++++++ seller. thank you for expertise.submitted on monday, december 9, 2013 at 8:52 amtim kershneri purchased a vintage mint watch that was graded and priced perfectly from bob's. i 've shopped and compared prices for different watches and at present, bob's is the best place to shop first or last.submitted on thursday, december 5, 2013 at 3:28 pmgary - flwatch received and it exceeded my expectations. thankssubmitted on monday, december 2, 2013 at 1:20 pmed - az(i) just received my order. i don't know if i can wait until xmas. this watch is like new and looks terrific! i hope it fits so i don't have to have someone adjust it. i will definitely do business with you again...you were honest about the first selection and treated me right...thankssubmitted on monday, december 2, 2013 at 1:17 pmfrankthe watch was exactly as represented and the transaction handled flawlessly. kudos!submitted on sunday, november 24, 2013 at 5:23 pmrobert egglestonif you want to do business with a professional customer service based company, bob"s is what you have looking for. from the president on down, what a great organization. extremely buying the rolex i had. thanks again.submitted on tuesday, november 19, 2013 at 9:41 pmmr. james m. carri, was; skeptical of an internet purchase; i, demanded bob's, to send a near 16k, rolex, day/date, 118236, to a rolex dealer, locally. the dealer reluctantly agreed to receive the watch. when they received the day/date, they called to let me know it was authentic and in mint condition, as advertised. as used products and internet purchases go, this was definitely one of my best experiences! i, ware that rolex, to this day! jamessubmitted on saturday, november 16, 2013 at 4:58 amtom waltonwebsite: http://www.povn.comi couldn't be happier with this transaction. i had a 40year old rolex datejust that i wanted to sell and little more than a week went by between initial contact and money in the bank!! thanks sallysubmitted on friday, november 8, 2013 at 1:13 pmbrad and nancyvictoria and joe were terrific in regard to fair pricing and customer service. victoria called 3 times to make sure all of our questions were answered about selling a watch. excellent service!submitted on thursday, november 7, 2013 at 7:47 pmmichael p - pathe watch arrived at 9:30 this morning. it’s gorgeous and looks brand new. thanks for all your help.submitted on thursday, november 7, 2013 at 1:44 pmbill rickertvery impressed with bob's watches. found their site on the internet. pleased how the transaction was so easy and fast. thank you for expertise bill r.submitted on tuesday, november 5, 2013 at 4:22 pmanthony doutstanding experience selling my sub. sally was amazing. i was very skeptical, but she put me at ease and the transaction from shipping to wire to my banking account was seamless. highly recommend bob's!!submitted on friday, november 1, 2013 at 8:29 pmsuresh - sri lankaliving on the other corner of the world, never thought that purchasing a watch through the net was going to be this easy. thank you bobs for keeping up to your part of the bargain. surely will return for another purchase in the near future.submitted on friday, november 1, 2013 at 1:04 pmandrew b. - okit (116610v) is beautiful !!!!! thanks for such a nice transaction- you are a great company!submitted on thursday, october 31, 2013 at 12:35 pmmark dennisfound and researched bob's watches as thoroughly as the internet will allow. i swapped out an old rolex of mine for an upgrade and the transaction went as smoothly as a rolex movement. a jeweler here in michigan evaluated the watch i received, and i now highly recommend bob's as a safe haven in the wide open market of pre-owned premium watches. do your homework, and then compare to bob's, knowing they are as reputable as a local jeweler.submitted on thursday, october 24, 2013 at 10:45 pmkeithsold exactly as advertised! professional and knowledgeable staff answered every question about the watch. payment & shipping, lightning fast! a+++++ thank you bobs!submitted on thursday, october 24, 2013 at 2:41 ammichele gonzalesthank you to bob's watches and particularly sally for the extremely professional and prompt service i received during the selling of my rolex. i had answers to my questions or return phone calls immediately. i was put at ease as shipping something of extreme value somewhere is very stressful. i received a thorough evaluation of my merchandise and a very fair price. i would highly recommend bob's watches and if i am ever in the market for a luxury watch i would definitely call on them !!! thank you again.submitted on thursday, september 5, 2013 at 10:09 pmphilip l - nymany thanks for the watch and the extreme good handling! will for sure buy again in case i see a great rolex and also recommend you to other people.submitted on thursday, september 5, 2013 at 8:28 pmdon - nmi love the watch, the service was exquisite. everybody thinks the watch is brand new. my local jeweler "took in" the band a bit; he had the same watch for sale, mechanical rather than quartz, for $1600 more, in the same (or maybe worse) condition, and he said he'd prefer the quartz -- this from a man who had a new rolex on his wrist and had a new president model for sale in his shop. i'll recommend bob's whenever and wherever i can.submitted on wednesday, september 4, 2013 at 8:42 pmcathy t.when it comes to buying/selling on-line, there is always skepticism, but after dealing with bobswatches, i cannot emphasize the professionalism and timeliness that i have experienced with them. i thank you, sally, for being so kind and patient and helpful throughout the whole process. i recommend everyone to your company ten-folds over...keep up the wonderful service, thank you so very much. --sincerely, cathy t.submitted on tuesday, august 20, 2013 at 1:58 amws in ori received the watch and it is gorgeous!. thank you for all your great efforts and assistance. you and bob's watches were so easy to work with i truly appreciate all the efforts to make this a great purchase.submitted on tuesday, august 13, 2013 at 8:08 pmjulio adear max, i received the watch yesterday. this is my first time to buy a watch over the internet. i can tell you that i am very please with the condition of the watch, it is just as described. delivery was on time and the whole transaction was very well coordinated. i appreciate your services and for my next rolex purchase i know that bobs watches is the place to shop.submitted on tuesday, august 13, 2013 at 1:10 pmedwin bhello- my wife's anniversary gift watch arrived yesterday 48 hours after i ordered it. the transaction was perfect, as was the new watch. i presented it to her, much to her surprise, and she is thoroughly delighted with her new rolex (new to her). i was quite pleased with the entire purchase, and i will be a return customer. thank you all!submitted on thursday, august 8, 2013 at 2:58 pmkatiei am so happy i found bob's watches. i looked for months for a rolex for my fiance (now husband) for a wedding gift and found bob's watches and it was exactly what i was looking for but didn't think i'd be able to afford. the price was amazing and the watch i found was a newer model in mint condition-never been worn and soo gorgeous! the shipping was really fast too-i was nervous because i had procrastinated and ordered just days before my wedding but it got to me in time. definitely go with bob's watches-i wish i had found it sooner!!submitted on friday, august 2, 2013 at 9:24 pmgeorg lvery impressed with bob's watches. they gave me a very fair price for my used rolex. got a quote for the watch the day they received it, i accepted and they mailed me a check the next day. if you want to sell a high end watch this is the company to send it to.submitted on monday, july 29, 2013 at 5:58 pmkathryn dthank you all so much. my father- in- law took his watch to maier and berkele and had it checked out. it was exactly as described and he is so happy with it! thanks for working with me around the holiday schedule. i really appreciate good customer service!submitted on monday, july 15, 2013 at 6:02 pmbenwow is all i can say. worried like crazy but totally legit company! sold my watch for fair price and whole transaction was completed in less than a week!submitted on friday, july 12, 2013 at 7:22 pmrandydon't even know where to start. so skeptical about doing business over the internet. but i have to say, this is what customer service is all about, bob's watches. less than 24 hours from the time i wired, the watch was in my hands (from west coast to east coast). being the skeptic that i am, i immediately took it to a local rolex dealer for evaluation and fitting. the guy couldn't believe the mint condition the watch was in and asked what i paid. i told him and his comment was, "you got a steal!" everything bob's customer service said and promised was exactly how it happened. from time of selection, to payment, to shipment, tracking and delivery, was what was promised. this is how business is supposed to be conducted !! in a skeptical world, i am a 110% believer in bob's. do yourself a favor and call them today!!submitted on friday, july 12, 2013 at 11:30 amgary - hawaiijust received explorer ii today and wanted to thank you and your staff for the great service. watch looks and runs new. look forward to doing more business in the near future.submitted on thursday, july 11, 2013 at 12:18 amdr in mothe yachty is fabulous. not only is the condition pristine – the watch is running +1 sec after 4 days. i don’t think any of my automatics ever ran that well. this will be a graduation gift for my daughter – and i know she’ll flip-out when she receives it next week. you have a great business model, and your people and processes (especially the security measures) are excellent. the web site is clean, fast, and the photography is great . i’ll keep surfing, and i’ll definitely be back for more…and i will recommend you to my friends and colleagues in the rolex market!submitted on monday, july 1, 2013 at 9:00 pmrebecca - vazoomthe watch is here, wow so fast! thank you bob's watches for all your help, the watch is perfect and i am so happy!submitted on thursday, june 27, 2013 at 6:52 pmfred in scjust received my rolex 116200 from bob's and it's beautiful. was advertised as "new" and it definitely looks like it's never been worn. ordered tuesday and received on thursday. everything was there, including the box, warranty card, tags, cleaning cloth, etc. it was even set to eastern time. great watch, great service and nice people to deal with.submitted on thursday, june 27, 2013 at 11:33 ammikeafter a lot of research i decided to try bob's for a gmt for my son who recently graduated college and landed a great first job...the watch was exceptional...beyond my highest expectations. i've ordered two additional since then... 1 for my daughter and 1 for my dad...all have been flawless and perfect. i will definitely recommend bob's watches....submitted on friday, june 21, 2013 at 6:16 pmmark from the ukgood evening, bob's watches, just a few words to say thanks for all your prompt emails, and to say i have just received my watch. omg!, how fantastic it is, pristine condition. i won't hesitate to recommend bobs' watches to everyone here in the uk. best wishes.submitted on wednesday, june 19, 2013 at 5:21 pmrichard - azmy purchase from you arrived recently and is pristine. hard to tell that it isn't new. it was impressive right out of the box. i took it to my rolex guy who is a somewhat retired (he is 79 years old, has a shop in his house and still does part-time work for local jewelers on rolex watches). he is a certified rolex watch maker and has been for many, many years. he checked it all out and could not find one flaw, scratch or blemish. he also checked the movement and it too was right on the money, didn't need a thing. even he was impressed. i read all your reviews both good and bad. the bad ones i felt were from people who were simply uninformed. i read them, but ignored them. some made no sense at all. i also looked at numerous other websites both stateside and overseas for comparison. after speaking to you on the phone, i had no qualms at all about buying a watch from bob's watches. i look forward to working with you again on another watchsubmitted on thursday, june 13, 2013 at 8:55 pmben san diegoi received my watch today. it is just absolutely stunning. exactly as described and pictured. your staff was great. i appreciate the security you employed upon my purchase. thanks for the square and honest deal. i would not hesitate to recommend bob's watches as a source for a rolex.submitted on tuesday, june 11, 2013 at 5:19 pmrobert ramirezzoomreceived my gold submariner as promised! everything was fantastic, including the outside shipping box. the watch looks and performs like new, its hard to believe its over 30 years old. thank you!submitted on wednesday, june 5, 2013 at 3:04 pmjonathan daviessuperb service great watch. if i lived nearer my bank balance would be seriously damaged.also the lady i delt with looked beautiful and she was extremely helpful. i live in the u.k. however i would recommend yourselves to my friends and business associates.submitted on sunday, may 26, 2013 at 7:27 pmjohn in texasgreat transaction! i got a great submariner on a fair trade and couldn't be more pleased with it. looks brand new. safe, fast, reliable deal and wonderful communication.submitted on friday, may 24, 2013 at 7:01 pmbrian hendersonjust received my 2011 datejust. watch looked great. i can't be happier. staff was great, and answered all my questions. was a little concerned about spending so much sight unseen, but after receiving this watch will buy from bob's again. what you see on the website is what you get. awesome!!submitted on monday, may 20, 2013 at 9:49 pmpatricia from missourii just sold my rolex to this company. i read reviews beforehand and they made my decision to try this over the internet. the reviews were right. it was a very easy process from beginning to end, and i was given a very fair offer, which i took. their payment was prompt, and i am completely satisfied with the whole process. victoria, i thank you so much for explaining things to me, and for helping me. please accept my gratitude, and i hope your boss knows how good you are. i would definitely do business with bob's watches again. patricia m.submitted on friday, may 17, 2013 at 7:25 pmchiefybeen a long time watch collector. a lot of dirtbag dealers out there i.e. phoney watch, missing links, no papers etc. very skepetical in dealing with bobswatches. after some research, took a chance. after wiring money, received rolex milgauss anniversary watch in mint condition along with box, papers and hang tags. couldn't be happier with this transaction.submitted on saturday, may 11, 2013 at 10:43 amjeremywebsite: http://www.cubicles.methank you bob's for helping me find my father a replacement president. he's been really sick lately, and this was exactly what he needed to cheer up!submitted on thursday, may 9, 2013 at 3:10 pmthe big kahunato the awesome staff at bob's watches, i just recieved my submariner about 30minutes ago here in las vegas and all i can say is unbelievable service.. from madison, carol, and my hawaiian buddy joe mahalo for making me feel right at home... again big aloha to this awesome staff... i be back for another watch soon!! aloha!!submitted on saturday, may 4, 2013 at 12:56 pmmark from nythe watch just arrived and it is beautiful! thank you so much for packaging it. it will make a spectacular present!submitted on friday, may 3, 2013 at 2:02 pmbarrywhat a pleasure to do business with this company! i swapped an older rolex for a newer gmt ii. the process was quick, easy and painless. the watch arrived and met and exceeded my expectations. madison bray is an outstanding employee and should be commended and perhaps given a raise for the way she treats peoplesubmitted on friday, may 3, 2013 at 10:57 amjerryi ordered a rolex watch and wire transfered funds at 12:00 on april 25th and the watch was at my office in kansas by 9:00 am on the 26th. that is only 21 hours! i have never received such great service from any other organization. the watch was exactly as described and you can count on bob's quality. thanks to all of the staff at bob's.submitted on friday, april 26, 2013 at 2:06 pmcarlin ci ordered my 2011 rolex submariner from bobs watches on thursday morning and received the watch friday morning as promised! the watch is beautiful and i am more than pleased with the high level of service provided by bob's. the process was as smooth as it could be and they delivered a quality product all from the comfort of my home. thanks so much!!! -carlin c, lake charles, louisianasubmitted on monday, april 15, 2013 at 12:19 pmgabriel ngwebsite: http://www.just2guyscreativ…i just want to say that victoria was extremely pleasant to work with she made the transaction easy and stress free. i send an abundance of gratitude to you victoria! thank you!submitted on tuesday, april 9, 2013 at 4:16 pmcarmen sto everyone at bob's: i just wanted to thank you for making it so easy to purchase the watch for my husband's 50th birthday. it is gorgeous and he absolutely loves it. thank you for helping to make his special day!! carmen ssubmitted on monday, april 8, 2013 at 7:10 pmmichael haleafter an extensive online look and a visit to two different stores i called and spoke with madison. she was very helpful i bought a ladies president. the watch looks perfect and i was pleasantly surprised. better looking than i anticipated and i'm glad that i trusted bob's with my purchase. i would do it again in a heartbeat. in addition, the watch was delivered the next day to texas. i couldn't be happier.submitted on saturday, april 6, 2013 at 12:39 pmchen from texashi bobswatches.com. our watch arrived on time. the look and the screams from my wife's excitement was priceless. comparatively speaking, it was like marriage proposal all over again. thanks so much for your prompt service and answering questions over the phone. i look forward to our next purchase in the future. chensubmitted on friday, march 29, 2013 at 1:20 pmm.s. matthewzoomi recently purchased a rolex daytona. i was very pleased with my purchase and it was exactly how bob's advertised it. bob's staff was very friendly and accommodating. i would recommend bob's to anyone who is in the market for a high-end quality used rolex.submitted on thursday, march 21, 2013 at 3:22 pmjohn kelleyzoomwhat a great group of people to deal with! needless to say i was reluctant to send my submariner to a company 3000 miles away! i must say how refreshing it is to deal with such a honest and fair establishment. victoria was extremely helpful. i was given a good price for my watch received payment within three days via mail. i was offered payment by wire transfer or check through the mail. i highly recommend bob's watches as they are very fair and professional.submitted on tuesday, march 19, 2013 at 5:26 pmchris b - pathe rolex was stunning! honestly, i think it shows better in person. my wife was very pleased. thanks for the great service.submitted on friday, march 15, 2013 at 12:23 pmmarkthis was my first experience with bob's and not only would i return, i have enthusiastically recommended you to several friends who are considering purchases. my questions were answered promptly and patiently, and my beautiful submariner was in my hands less than 24 hours after my payment cleared (the sale price was consistent with other establishments, even though unlike many other models i was considering, this one had its papers). more important, the watch was advertised as mint condition. in fact, it looked brand new and runs beautifully. it came with papers as well as the box, cleaning cloth and books. i have had far more difficult and less satisfying in person transactions for expensive goods, and i will happily and enthusiastically make any future rolex purchases.submitted on thursday, march 7, 2013 at 2:45 pmsreeawesome watches for nice pricessubmitted on tuesday, march 5, 2013 at 11:56 amgearytoday i received my rolex purchase i made yesterday. this rolex yacht-master is all it was advertised to be: mint condition, original papers / box. i am very impressed with the purchase process and outstanding customer service.submitted on thursday, february 28, 2013 at 9:58 amfreeman h smith ,zoombob's is an exceptional place to do business. recently i purchased a rolex president for my significant other for a valentine's day gift. regrettably for a number of reasons, i had to return the watch as she would not accept my gift; she thought that it was too extravagant. i returned the watch to bob's, no questions asked, full refund the same day. they are truly a class act, from the initial purchase to the final refund, everything worked like clockwork, no pun intended. they are now on my must buy from list...i trust them implicitly.submitted on tuesday, february 19, 2013 at 5:58 amnorbert ei received the watch today. i am very pleased with the entire interaction with you and your colleagues and i love the watch. thanks a lot!submitted on wednesday, january 30, 2013 at 1:28 pmdan novak - st louisafter 20 years of wearing my datejust i lost the stem. it was also in desperate need of servicing so i sent it to bobs for an estimate. during our discussion i decided to trade it in for another datejust. bobs gave me a great price for my watch and the next day i was wearing a new one. the buying experience was fantastic and my new watch is also fantastic. i would highly recommend these folks if you're in the market for a rolex. thanks again!submitted on thursday, january 24, 2013 at 3:19 pmpatti ci just received my midsize datejust and it is all and more than the description posted on the website. the transaction was easy and sam and joe were more than helpful. they put my mind at ease and i am truly pleased with my investment. thank you bob's!! pattisubmitted on monday, january 7, 2013 at 6:31 pmdavid lthe customer service i received was top notch and the watch looked better than i expected. i will recommend bob's to my friends and will buy my next rolex here as well.submitted on saturday, november 24, 2012 at 7:45 pmbob chappellei recently traded an older president for a newer model submariner. my new watch arrived today and i am very pleased. thanks to victoria for a great transaction! bob in alabamasubmitted on saturday, november 24, 2012 at 2:38 pmmarshalli just received my 18238 president this morning. it is beautiful, and as represented. the transaction was easy and the product better than advertised. thanks joe, carol, and larry !submitted on wednesday, november 21, 2012 at 1:27 pmwilliam – louisianabob’s - thank you. i just received my watch. it is certainly mint condition. it looks great. i'll definitely remember you guys for my next watch. thanks again.submitted on friday, november 16, 2012 at 3:57 pmroberti wouldn't consider buying a used rolex from anybody else. thanks joe, i love my gmt master 2. a great deal on a great watch!submitted on friday, november 16, 2012 at 1:29 pmjulia hthe watch is gorgeous, not a scratch on it. thanks so much, i know my husband will love it!submitted on tuesday, november 13, 2012 at 8:24 pmcraig ai received the ladies rolex i purchased from you today. the watch looks fantastic. i bought an almost identical watch for my fiancé in 1993. unfortunately this watch was stolen recently. i was relieved to find the replacement watch on your website, and was able to replace the one that was stolen. while the new one will never fully replace the 20 years of memories she has with her original watch, having an almost identical replacement will help ease her pain. thank you for your professionalism, selection, and overnight shipping. this experience has made a very tough time a little more bearable.submitted on tuesday, november 6, 2012 at 5:37 pmtommy haskellextremely pleased" doesn't do justice to the feeling i have after my experience purchasing my used rolex masterpiece tridor with bob's watches. fast, friendly service with fair pricing. package was shipped priority overnight for a saturday delivery and was packed as if i had purchased it brand new. everything was as they stated... "mint condition!!!"submitted on friday, november 2, 2012 at 4:11 pmdon b.hi, i've received my order about an hour ago. i can't express how satisfied i am with my rolex! bob's watches is probably the best online dealer i've done business with. i will definitely be doing business with you in the future. thanks again.submitted on monday, october 29, 2012 at 2:29 pmjohn h.just wanted to advise that i received my watch yesterday and a very handsome watch it is! hard to believe it’s pre owned….it looks pristine. i want to thank bob’s watches for your time & courtesy during this transaction. i also appreciated all the documentation that came with the watch. very helpful in proving it’s a real rolex and how to take care of this beautiful timepiece. i would definitely recommend your outfit to anyone i know that may be looking for a pre owned rolex or other watch. thank you kindly!submitted on wednesday, october 24, 2012 at 6:26 pmroberti received my submariner this morning and could not be more satisfied. the watch appears exactly as it did on the website. purchasing an item of this nature online can be a bit concerning, but i can attest that bob's watches is an outstanding company with tremendous, helpful employees. it was absolutely a pleasure doing business with bob's, and i will highly recommend bob's to any interested individuals.submitted on thursday, october 18, 2012 at 9:31 amjon west seattlei was delighted with the watch and the packaging was exactly as pictured, and even included the original warranty form and folder (since it was not shown in a picture, i assumed would not be there). i also have to mention the great documentation package you put with the watch. a very professional looking and informative set of information.submitted on thursday, october 11, 2012 at 12:19 pmpaulgreat watch...great service...great price. ordered my submariner at 5pm on wednesday and was wearing it at 10:30 am on thursday! just as described. mint condition with box and papers. no reason to look anywhere else. thanks.submitted on thursday, october 4, 2012 at 6:37 pmjohnmy watch was received today and thank you! it is beyond perfect. i can find no evidence of its prior use. it exceeded my expectations. time and date were already set, and the band was even the correct size for my wrist coincidently. i am most pleased with this transaction, and will be returning for a no date submariner. thank you very much! johnsubmitted on friday, september 21, 2012 at 7:21 pmlu mieng hiibought a datejust ii recently on 8/29/2012, received the watch on 9/5/2012. all the way from us to papua new guinea. just want to say thank you!!! love the watch! deliver as promised. certainly would love to buy again from you guys!submitted on wednesday, september 5, 2012 at 6:24 ammike dellisi received my watch this morning and i am delighted with it. the watch is just as pictured and described on line. the purchase was smooth and when my bank called for assistance with wire transfer instructions they were treated as if they had been doing business with bob's for years. very friendly and helpful staff.submitted on tuesday, september 4, 2012 at 5:15 pmbriani ordered my watch on thursday and had it in hand on saturday morning. the watch was even better than described, i am thrilled. it will be a gift for my wife and it is spectacular. thanks to everyone at bob's that took such good care of me.submitted on saturday, september 1, 2012 at 11:46 ammark ceccarellizoomi recently presented the submariner i have worn for the past 20 years to my youngest son upon his graduation from college. he truly earned it. but it wasn't long before i realized how much i missed my durable and reliable old friend and decided to replace it. i was pretty surprised when i looked at the cost of new and decided to buy a pre-owned watch. i stumbled on bob's as i searched the web, but was very apprehensive about making this type of purchase remotely. after thoroughly studying the website, i gave them a call to get my numerous questions answered. that was all it took to convince me this operation was legitimate, and i made the decision to purchase the watch i had selected. it arrived today and i can say i am a firm bob's watches believer! the communication and financial exchanges were highly professional and my watch was delivered promptly this morning by fedex. the packaging was superb and everything was in the box that was supposed to be...and more! this watch looks brand new, was set to the proper time and date and all i had to do was slip it on my wrist. i am absolutely delighted with my experience with bob watches and would recommend them to anyone without reservation.submitted on friday, august 31, 2012 at 4:45 pmstevendealing with samantha and the rest of the staff was a very professional experience. the service was prompt and i received my watch the next day and the condition is as if it is brand new. thank you!submitted on monday, august 27, 2012 at 5:04 pmdean si just sold two of my rolex watches to bob's watches. i felt the appraisals were fair and the process was prompt & painless. bob's staff, especially samantha b., victoria, and joe were exceptional! thanks to all! dean- missourisubmitted on tuesday, august 21, 2012 at 2:12 pmroger r.a satisfied customer, several months on ... i must say i was leery about buying a rolex over the web, but the exact no date sub i was looking for appeared, and the reviews of bob's convinced me to pull the string. i could not be happier with the product - delivery as promised, box and papers intact, watch as depicted, and my sub has been within -1 sec/day since i ran it in. i also own an omega gmt and breitling aerospace, both purchased new, but have become a one-watch guy. well done to the team.submitted on friday, august 3, 2012 at 11:10 ammike c.just wanted to say a big thanks for the fantastic ladies rolex i purchased from your online store. you certainly went the extra mile getting this watch to me and truly define what outstanding customer service is all about. please thank carol and all the other folks at bob's for making this happen. needless to say my wife absolutely loves her new rolex.submitted on tuesday, july 31, 2012 at 8:37 pmmichael dthank you for an excellent experience selling my rolex. bob's watches was prompt, courteous, and honest. you exceeded my expectations.submitted on tuesday, july 24, 2012 at 7:36 pmjdto everyone at bob's watches...thank you! i was very cautious about purchasing such an expensive item, especially a rolex over the internet sight unseen. max and the whole team at bob's went above and beyond to answer all my questions, send additional photos, and even pull the watch from inventory to go over every detail. after much debate i decided to pull the trigger. the watch arrived exactly as they described and overnight fedex. upon opening the package i found a beautiful like new rolex box with my new yachtmaster with all of its documentation and manuals. before i could get too excited i rushed to the local rolex service center and asked them to verify every detail of the watch. the jeweler congratulated me on an excellent find an assured me that i had made an excellent decision. i would refer anyone interested in a high quality like new rolex to bob's watches. thank you for the outstanding customer service and beautifull yachtmaster. thanks, jd - texassubmitted on thursday, june 28, 2012 at 7:35 pmrichard"i called bob's watch to discuss a rolex president, my sole purpose was to negotiate the best deal possible. "sam" gave me an excellent and very fair deal on a model they had in stock. "sam" also mentioned how i could save a little more by sending payment via a wire transfer. no pressure, no hard sell, just a pleasant, friendly, informative person who knew a great deal about rolex watches and customer service. i agreed to purchase the watch, was excited about telling my bank to wire the money that day so i could have and wear the watch the next day. unfortunately it was after 2:00 pm & my bank informed me they don't wire after 2:00 pm. disappointed i called "sam" back, told of my frustrating bank news and went back to work accepting the fact i must wait. that night, while checking my voice messages, i had received a call from "sam" saying they went ahead and sent the watch that night, so i would have it the next morning. i learned from "sam", or should i say samantha berger, despite all the greed and dishonest people in government and in many business markets, there are still, caring, honest, trusting, hard working folks, who exhibit the integrity and character traits we long for in today's business men and women. bob & staff are unique and exhibit those moral traits. samantha, thank you for helping me and for reminding me honesty, trust and customer service are still important in american business. you are a rare gem and have made a life long repeat customer because of your unselfish actions. thank you bobs watches, smart move hiring "sam". regards, richard (austin, texas) "submitted on friday, june 15, 2012 at 3:39 pme e huntjust purchased my first rolex - a pre-owned submariner from bob's. the staff was great and the watch was in far better condition than i had imagined it would. i am one happy customer!submitted on sunday, june 3, 2012 at 8:15 pmchuck s.with all the internet scams today you get a little leery about selling a rolex on line. but the experience couldn't have been better. the price was right and within 24 hours of receiving my watch my money was wired into my account. everyone was courteous,and i would highly recommend bobs to anyone thinking of buying or selling a rolex. great experience!submitted on friday, june 1, 2012 at 8:22 pmjake winslowi called bob's watches with a few questions about a rolex submariner i saw on their site. i didn't think i was going to actually buy it that day i thought i was going to wait a few weeks and look around at a couple other places. once i got on the phone with bob's they made me feel very comfortable and safe. i believe i spoke with a max and a joe and they were both so helpful. thank you to everyone who works at bob's watches for getting me my watch on time and with great customer support.submitted on saturday, may 26, 2012 at 12:34 pma. r.i just wanted to reach out and say thank you for my yachtmaster and the customer experience you guys have given me. the watch is in phenomenal condition and i absolutely love it. thank you again and tell bob good sale!!! have a great day.submitted on friday, may 25, 2012 at 3:09 pmd wilsonat first i was a little skeptical shipping my time piece all the way across the country but i took a leap of faith and couldn't be more pleased with the service from ms. na. kind, courteous and very professional. awesome job guys!submitted on thursday, may 24, 2012 at 2:39 pmderek gilmoremany thanks for your patience and professionalism in dealing with my initial concern and doubt re authenticity of explorer 2 oyster bracelet. based on the above mentioned, i do believe i have become and will be a continued buyer of future rolex watches from your establishment! i'm pretty certain that as i wear and enjoy my explorer 2, i will be more than happy to send my colleagues and clients your way for their rolex purchases. again, i'm happy and pleased with my new watch investment from bob's watches.submitted on thursday, may 24, 2012 at 1:00 pmbruce lincolnthank you for the fast, courteous and professional service. i will be sure to recommend you in the future and to leave positive feedback on the blogs.submitted on thursday, may 24, 2012 at 12:57 pmfrank ti was very pleased with the entire transaction from beginning to end. great job, thank yousubmitted on tuesday, may 22, 2012 at 4:01 pmmedoi was searching for a good price, and to be honest, this guys by far the best in customer service, post sale service, pretty much from a to z talked to sam and she is always available to answer the phone, didn't know much about rolex lol and she was awesome explaining everything in great details out of her busy schedule. my watch came in 10x better condition as i excepted and i received it within 24 hours of placing my order. will definitely recommend them to my friends. sam!! keep up the great work and the fantastic attitude. thank yousubmitted on sunday, may 20, 2012 at 6:00 pmbob archibaldthe whole transaction was fair, fast, and satisfying. i wish i had more rolex watches to sell!submitted on wednesday, may 16, 2012 at 5:01 pm page 1 - page 2 showing items 1 - 100 of 141 total (page 1 of 2) used rolex watches 2011 rolex explorer iibuy mens watchesdatejust jubilee bracelet band size how to sell your rolexladies rolex for saleladies rolex stainless steel datejust pre owned explorer iirolex 16233 pricerolex pre owned rolex serial numbers rolex subrolex submariner 16610rolex yachtmaster 18k gold price sell rolexsell used rolex chicago ilused ladies rolex used rolexes for salewatches date select a modelrolex submarinerrolex daytonarolex presidentrolex datejustrolex daterolex gmt-mastervintage rolexrolex milgaussrolex explorerrolex air-kingrolex sea-dwellerrolex yachtmasterrolex celliniladies used rolexprice guiderolex booksused rolexmens used rolexjewelry company info authenticity pledge buyers protection plan about bob's customer testimonials press bob's rolex usa services & support find it for me terms & conditions privacy policy contact us faq resources buying & selling how to sell used rolex prices pre-owned rolex rolex serial numbers shipping & returns u.s. shipping international shipping returns shipping info connect with us twitter facebook careers at bob's blog site map site map copyright bob's watches. all rights reserved. bob's watches is not affiliated with rolex s.a., rolex usa, or any of its subsidiaries. bob's watches is an independent watch dealer and is not sponsored by, associated with and/or affiliated with rolex, s.a. bob's watches sells pre-owned rolex watches and provides its own warranties on the watches it sells. rolex, www.rolex.com, is under no obligation to warranty-service watches sold by bob's watches. rolex datejust, rolex day date president, submariner, presidential, explorer, sea dweller, super president, gmt master, gmt, yachtmaster, prince, milgaus, masterpiece, air king, cosmograph daytona, and pearlmaster are all registered trademarks of the rolex corporation ( rolex usa, rolex s.a.) to buy a new rolex watch, please visit rolex.com for a list of authorized rolex dealers near you. win a rolex submariner rolex submariner stainless early product notifications special promos & offers input your email to enter you've been entered! click follow or like to improve your chance of winning! win a rolex scroll to top