来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20141221022828/http://www.bobswatches.com/reviews
================================================================================

reviews of bob's watches - read actual customer reviews & comments since 1999 blog cart contact newsletter (800) 494-3708 15176 goldenwest st huntington beach, ca 92683 rolex submarinerrolex daytonarolex presidentrolex datejustrolex daterolex gmt-mastervintage rolexrolex milgaussrolex explorerrolex air-kingrolex sea-dwellerrolex yachtmasterrolex cellinirolex sky-dwellerladies rolexluxury watch brandsjewelry resources about us contact us condition grading sell a rolex buy a rolex jewelry home rolex watches save up to 50% on a rolex watch rolex submarinerrolex daytonarolex presidentrolex datejustrolex daterolex gmt-mastervintage rolexrolex milgaussrolex explorerrolex air-kingrolex sea-dwellerrolex yachtmasterrolex cellinirolex sky-dwellerladies rolexmens used rolex luxury brands bell & rossbreguetbreitlingcartieromegapaneraipatek philippetissottudorvacheron sell rolex used rolex press jewelry estate jewelry diamonds more watch resourcesrolex repair facility at bob'sthe exchange conceptrolex historyabout uswatch faqsrolex watch case sizesrolex condition grading select a modelrolex submarinerrolex daytonarolex presidentrolex datejustrolex daterolex gmt-mastervintage rolexrolex milgaussrolex explorerrolex air-kingrolex sea-dwellerrolex yachtmasterrolex cellinirolex sky-dwellerladies rolexdatejustpresidentyacht-masterprice guiderolex booksused rolexmens used rolexluxury watch brandsbell & rossbreguetbreitlingcartieromegapaneraipatek philippetissottudorvacheronjewelryestate jewelrydiamonds x bob's watches is dedicated to always offering the best value to our customers. we will match the price, at the time of purchase, on a low price guarantee product if you find the same item at a lower price at a designated major online retailer. here's how: if you find a qualifying lower price online, call 1-800-494-3708 and direct a customer service agent to the web site with the lower price. on qualifying products, bob's watches will then verify the current price to complete the price match. some exclusions apply. see the list of designated major online retailers and full details. x you do not have to worry about additional taxes being added during checkout. the price you see is the price you pay. california sales are excluded and will be taxed at the applicable rate. x free priority overnight shipping on all orders applies to u.s. orders only. unlike many other websites that have special rules and lots of fine print , bobswatches.com offers free shipping on all domestic orders placed on our website, with no minimum order size or special exceptions. just because shipping is free doesn’t mean it should take a long time. bobswatches.com understands that getting your item quickly is important to you, so we make every effort to process your order as quickly as possible. homereviews bob's watches reviews share your experience! we love hearing from you and pride ourselves in delivering the best experience for our dedicated rolex customers. read actual customer reviews, comments and experiences from thousands of customers who have bought or sold with bob’s watches over the years. complied here are consolidated reviews from the bobswatches.com site, yelp, google, bbb and ekomi. our reviewers have helped many fellow customers make knowledgeable choices about bob’s rolex watches with their unbiased live commentaries. take a few moments to learn more about bob’s and its products written by these customers below. they will inspire you as they do us! reviews from around the web google reviews facebook reviews forum reviews bbb reviews write review about bob’s watches! show your support - leave a review today. jose p. from stevenson ranch, ca via: youtube basically, i was looking at the internet for good deals, and i believe that bob's watches had the best deals in town. so, i decided to come give them a try, and larry has helped me out tremedously. i selected myself a nice air-king, which i think is going to last me a lifetime. jason gould via: google bob's watches reviews excellent customer service. had the watch i wanted and it was in great condition. would definitely recommend bob's watches to friends and family. written by: jason gould bob's watches date published: 02/29/2014 5 / 5 stars craig stocker via: google service was excellent, i was stressing like crazy prior to entering store, but that was quickly diffused by the informal, relaxed, but professional environment. a great experience throughout, and i love the watch! larry gave such a personal service, which i really appreciated. thank you. craig. :). mark via: yahoo sold 3 rolex watches to bob s and purchased 1 through them. i would recommend them highly. their customer service was excellent. it was my pleasure to do business with them. add your own review! show your support - leave a review today. click to submit a new review… davil jacksoni would recommend bob's watches, very skeptical my first time attempting to sell my rolex. from the first call victoria was very professional, i drove down and was treated professionally and ended up selling all three watches and received payment quickly. if i ever choose to own again i would purchase from bob'scity: san bernardino, californiafernandoi just got the watch and it's flawless. i will personally recommend bob's watches to all my friends. thank you so much.lisa andersonlong..but please read!! i was a huge skeptic at first about bob's watches..asking all kinds of questions..but vivian and joe helped put my mind at ease. i got a gift from above, truly. someone had a rolex for sale, and a friend (who has now since passed on) told me to purchase it. at the time the person selling it changed their mind, then recently put it up for sale, so upon my deceased friends recommendation i purchased it not knowing if it was real or not. it was! bob's watches confirmed it was a real genuine rolex and purchased it from me! now, my husband and i will be enjoying our vacation after 10 long years even that much better! thank you vivian and joe (the accountant) for making me so much more at ease..anyone who has doubts..don't..bob's watches is the real deal!! :) thank you! thank you! thank you!!city: yoopern zhangi was very nervous about purchasing a rolex online, so i did a lot of research on the matter. bob's watches has consistently amazing reviews and verifications from every source. in fact, bob's watches was so well known that almost all rolex stores that i asked about regarding vintage watches knew of them. i decided to give them a try, and sure enough, the service was impeccable! i purchased a vintage rolex that was in mint condition. first, finding a mint vintage rolex was already a difficult task. furthermore, trying to buy any form of a rolex online is just so scary when it comes to authenticity. there is no other place to buy a real rolex than from bob's watches. the price was very very reasonable. in fact, i would have gladly paid even more for the watch to have the peace of mind for the authenticity. after shopping around in stores, some comparable vintage models were about 2x the price that bob's watches offered. the condition of the watch was exactly as described, and it looked even better in person. the buy experience itself was phenomenal! i made the purchase online, received an e-mail confirmation, and got the watch the very next day. they use priority overnight shipping with signature, and they can even give you an exact approximate time for delivery. after receiving the watch, i noticed that the crown was a bit loose after winding it a few times. i was going to take this to a local watch repair for rolex to have it looked at. i called bob's watches to ask about the crown specificity, and they immediately said that they would look at it for no charge. the watch was replaced with a new crown, and shipped back to me within two days of that phone call (all no charge). i was stunned by the service!! i didn't think that i would get it back for at least a few weeks. i know that i will be a lifetime customer after this buy experience. i would not want or trust to go anywhere else for a rolex. thank you to bob's watches for having such a great business model!richard bennettlike most people i guess, dealing with expensive items over the internet or across the country, i was somewhat skeptical. but dealing with the nice folks at bob's watches was a very nice experience. i called about selling my rolex; received a fair estimate; shipped the watch the next morning; received confirmation that they received it the next day and later that day they gave me a firm offer to purchase and the money was in my bank 24 hours later. nice people, seamless process and very fast service. thank you bob's watches!city: wilmingtonj.r. hansonjust want to let you know that the professionalism that bob's & you have shown during this transaction has far exceeded my expectations! believe me. i was nervous about sending my watch to someone that i had no previous experience with and you folks really came through! thank you very much for the opportunity to be able to work with you through this transaction and i would recommend bob's watches' to anyone who may interested in selling their watch. once again, i thank you very much for the great experience, it renews my faith in mankind that there are people out there that genially (sp.) care about others !c. wainerthis letter is for all potential customers - buyers or sellers of rolex watches at bob's watches. never in all my long existence have i ever been in contact or worked with such incredibly wonderful people. samantha berger was a dream come true. whatever she promised to do, she did. kind, thoughtful, truthful, reliable, and extremely competent. i consider myself extremely fortunate to have found them, and to work with them. i would recommend them to anyone, anywhere wanting to buy or sell a rolex. true to their word, the very brest ever!!!!! thank you samantha, thank you bob's watches. it was my pleasure working with you. hopefully people will get to see my e-mail.brian rodgersi was blessed to receive a vintage rolex from my uncle when he passed away. it wasn’t the best looking watch but after having it restored and a little investment in doing it. i was amazed at the beauty that was before me. i now possessed a 1948 to 1951 rolex milgauss. i have enjoyed owning it and wearing it from time to time. when the decision came to part with this master piece of a time piece i did not just want to send it to anyone. honestly i did not just want anyone to buy it for whatever price. it had to go to the right person and for a good valuable price. i had several offers one lower and actually one higher than bob’s watches. the difference was the customer service i was receiving and the respect to me and what the watch meant to me. there are very few businesses that show pride and respect to anything much less the sentimental value and love of a rolex time piece. i can honestly recommend bob’s watches. you will receive only the best in value and professionalism from his staff. you will receive a fair value for what you have, and believe me it is and always will be in good hands and taken care of.city: opelika, alandrew nguyeni was a bit skeptical at first but after reading the reviews i gave them a shot. they offered me the highest price for my submariner, they provided free and fully insured next day fedex shipping, they quoted me w/in 3 hours upon receipt of my watch, they gave me a great deal on a pre-owned datejust ii, and i received my watch w/in 24 hours after payment!!! this company is a first class company as advertised!!! will definitely buy from again and recommend to anyone!!!city: philadelphiapaul jalberti was pleasantly surprised that i was able to get a fair price for my 50 yr old rolex in only 24 hours. everything was handled in a very professional manner.michael hpurchased a date advertised as mint. mint is the understatement of the decade! there wasn't so much as a piece of dust on the watch. perfect in every way. the entire transaction was perfection from start to finish. the sales persons, condition of the watch, packing and entire experience was a pure pleasure. thanks so much for your professionalism. michael h. page 1 - page 2 - page 3 - page 4 - page 5 - page 6 - page 7 - page 8 >> showing items 1 - 11 of 183 total (page 1 of 17) about bob's authenticity pledge buyers protection plan bob's watches reviews press bob's watches wikipedia contact us faq © 2014 bob's watches terms & conditions privacy select a modelrolex submarinerrolex daytonarolex presidentrolex datejustrolex daterolex gmt-mastervintage rolexrolex milgaussrolex explorerrolex air-kingrolex sea-dwellerrolex yachtmasterrolex cellinirolex sky-dwellerladies rolexprice guiderolex booksused rolexmens used rolexluxury watch brandsjewelry company info authenticity pledge buyers protection plan about bob's bob's watches reviews press bob's rolex usa bob's watches wikipedia services & support find it for me terms & conditions privacy policy contact us faq resources buying & selling sell your rolex how to sell used rolex prices pre-owned rolex rolex serial numbers shipping & returns u.s. shipping international shipping returns shipping info connect with us twitter facebook careers at bob's blog site map site map copyright bob's watches. all rights reserved. bob's watches is not affiliated with rolex s.a., rolex usa, or any of its subsidiaries. bob's watches is an independent watch dealer and is not sponsored by, associated with and/or affiliated with rolex, s.a. bob's watches sells pre-owned rolex watches and provides its own warranties on the watches it sells. rolex, www.rolex.com, is under no obligation to warranty-service watches sold by bob's watches. rolex datejust, rolex day date president, submariner, presidential, explorer, sea dweller, super president, gmt master, gmt, yachtmaster, prince, milgaus, masterpiece, air king, cosmograph daytona, and pearlmaster are all registered trademarks of the rolex corporation ( rolex usa, rolex s.a.) to buy a new rolex watch, please visit rolex.com for a list of authorized rolex dealers near you. scroll to top