来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20151208075021/https://www.bobswatches.com/watch-faqs
================================================================================

frequently asked pre-owned rolex questions at bob's watches about rolex press blog cart contact us newsletter (800) 494-3708 15176 goldenwest st huntington beach, ca 92683 rolex submarinerrolex daytonarolex presidentrolex datejustrolex daterolex gmt-masterrolex milgaussrolex explorerrolex air-kingrolex sea-dwellerrolex yachtmasterrolex cellinirolex sky-dwellerladies rolexmens used rolex vintage rolex new arrivals luxury watches resources about us contact us condition grading sell a rolex buy a rolex used rolex jewelry home rolex watches save up to 50% on a rolex watch rolex submarinerrolex daytonarolex presidentrolex datejustrolex daterolex gmt-masterrolex milgaussrolex explorerrolex air-kingrolex sea-dwellerrolex yachtmasterrolex cellinirolex sky-dwellerladies rolexmens used rolex vintage rolex sell rolex used rolex new arrivals luxury watches bell & rossbreguetbreitlingcartieriwclonginesomegapaneraipatek philippetagheuertissottudorvacheron jewelry estate jewelry diamonds more watch resourcesrolex repair facility at bob'sthe exchange conceptrolex historyabout uswatch faqsrolex watch case sizesrolex condition grading x bob's watches is dedicated to always offering the best value to our customers. we will match the price, at the time of purchase, on a low price guarantee product if you find the same item at a lower price at a designated major online retailer. here's how: if you find a qualifying lower price online, call 1-800-494-3708 and direct a customer service agent to the web site with the lower price. on qualifying products, bob's watches will then verify the current price to complete the price match. some exclusions apply. see the list of designated major online retailers and full details. * x you do not have to worry about additional taxes being added during checkout. the price you see is the price you pay. sales tax is only collected on orders shipped to addresses in the state of california. x free priority overnight shipping on all orders applies to u.s. orders only. unlike many other websites that have special rules and lots of fine print , bobswatches.com offers free shipping on all domestic orders placed on our website, with no minimum order size or special exceptions. just because shipping is free doesn’t mean it should take a long time. bobswatches.com understands that getting your item quickly is important to you, so we make every effort to process your order as quickly as possible. homemorewatch faqs are all your watches 100 percent authentic rolex? why are there two prices for each watch? what are the "buy" and "sell" prices for each rolex watch? what's the least expensive rolex i can purchase? how do i buy a rolex from your company? how does shipping work? can i sell other types of watches on the website? does bob’s only buy and sell rolex watches? i have a panerai i want to sell. why do some watches have bigger gaps between their buy and sell prices than others? are rolex watches a good investment? is this site secure? how do i know the watch i buy from your site is real? do you have retail watch stores and where are they located? what types of payment can i use? do you ship internationally? what types of rolex watch movements are available? what do the water resistance ratings mean? what is the difference between chronograph and chronometer? what types of rolex watch crystals are there? what are considered "jewels" in a rolex? frequently asked questions ( rolex watch faq's) are all your watches 100 percent authentic rolex? we guarantee that every pre-owned rolex watch on this site is 100 percent authentic. plus, all of our watches are serviced with authentic rolex parts. bob’s stands behind this authenticity guarantee and offers a full refund on any watch not found to be completely authentic. everyone here at bob’s agrees that buying a pre-owned rolex online should be simple, honest and straightforward, and we’re proud to say that we’ve become the leading online source for buying and selling pre-owned rolex watches. although we are not an authorized rolex dealer, and only deal in pre-owned watches, we understand that these particular timepieces are nothing less than miniature works of art. every one of our watches sold in-store and online is thoroughly examined by our in-house rolex buyers and then fully restored and serviced as needed by bob’s dedicated rolex service center. we encourage you to discuss the authenticity of any watch you’re interested in purchasing from us. why are there two prices for each watch? the two prices listed with each watch are a "buy it" and "sell it" price. the "buy it" price is how much you can buy it for and the "sell it" price is how much you can sell it to us for. what are the "buy" and "sell" prices for each rolex watch? all of our rolex timepieces are clearly listed with both a buy and sell price. in order to ensure the most up-to-date market values, we determine these prices based on our exclusive proprietary data. our employees have extensive experience in the watch industry, as well as first-hand knowledge of rolex products, and update our website each month to reflect how each rolex model is doing in the current market. our sole mission is to run an online rolex exchange that customers can trust. when it comes to the internet, it’s not always clear who’s on the other side of the screen. with that in mind, we want to make sure customers know what they’re getting when they shop with us. your first question might be “what is a rolex exchange?” we believe the surest way to run a program for buying and selling pre-owned rolex watches is by mirroring the new york stock exchange (nyse). just like stocks are bought, traded, and sold on wall street, bob’s lists its watches according to the industry’s current demand for each rolex ever produced. this way the price is both up-to-date and, most importantly, fair to the consumer. we also make it easy for rolex owners to find out what their watch is worth: our online tool  lets anyone calculate an accurate valuation of just about any rolex model. correctly identifying a rolex and its year of manufacture is essential to receiving an accurate price. once provided with an at-a-glance valuation, customers can see that the buy and sell prices listed on our site are completely transparent and reflect true market values. what's the least expensive rolex i can purchase? rolex crafts its products with precious metals, including stainless steel, gold, platinum and rolesor (a combination of steel and gold), and stainless steel is the least expensive of these materials. but while models outfitted with stainless steel consistently remain the least expensive watches in the rolex lineup, keep in mind that the company was the first to use this highly corrosion-resistant superalloy 904l metal as early as 1985. so even an “inexpensive” rolex is still far ahead of anything else in its class. how do i buy a rolex from your company? we insist on making it easy to purchase a pre-owned rolex—either in person or online. customers can visit our company’s retail store monday through friday  in huntington beach, california, or simply go to bobswatches.com to purchase one of the watches listed. we ship almost anywhere, so international customers can trust that we’ll securely ship their rolex right to their door. payments can be made via paypal, bank transfer or credit card, and we also accept american express, visa, mastercard and discover credit cards. international shoppers are required to pay customs charges, as well as any associated import tax, vat and duties, and prices will vary according to country. those interested are welcome to contact their local customs office for pricing estimates. we will include a copy of the invoice with every purchase, and each country will determine applicable fees from there. in order to maintain our strict business code, we cannot label an item as a gift or declare a lesser value than the purchase price paid. how does shipping work? we offer free fedex next day insured shipping. there are no extra charges for shipping and we will ship your watch soon after your order is processed. to protect your watch we deliver your watch to the nearest fedex location where you can pick it up and sign for it (if there are no fedex locations near you we can make exceptions) can i sell other types of watches on the website? yes, we buy certain other types of watches on the site. please give us a call or fill out the "sell your watch" form to give us information about your watch. does bob’s only buy and sell rolex watches? i have a panerai i want to sell. we deal primarily with buying and selling rolex watches. however, our experienced staff is well-versed in every facet of high-end watches. we often receive offers to buy or sell other exclusive timepieces such as panerai, patek philippe, cartier, and others, so if you have any questions, feel free to call or email us.we also host a fine-jewelry page that lists a rare collection of vintage baubles as well as rings, necklaces and other pieces from luxury brands like tiffany & co. why do some watches have bigger gaps between their buy and sell prices than others? particular watches are less popular than others and happen to leave our shelves less quickly. these watches have the biggest difference between the buy and sell prices because we have to hold them longer to sell them. the more popular models have much smaller differences because we get them in and out of our store quickly. are rolex watches a good investment? pre-owned and select vintage rolex watches are very sound investments. in fact, rolex models over 25 years old have doubled in value. you see, brand awareness is a major factor in increasing resale demand. this is not the case with all luxury watches, but because of its history and sheer buying power in the market, rolex is an exception to the rule. those in the watch industry understand that a rolex not only holds its value but will also increase in price, thanks to its exceptional quality, appeal and desirability. add to this the incredible demand sought by rolex enthusiasts ‘round the world, and it’s easy to see why and how the value of pre-owned rolex models consistently remain at peak levels. is this site secure? bob's watches is protected by a 256 bit ssl (secure socket layer) so your information is completely secure. also we will never sell or distribute your information to anyone. how do i know the watch i buy from your site is real? all of our watches are certified by our watch experts as a 100% authentic. if you have any suspicions about your watch's authenticity send it back to us at anytime and we will give you a full refund. do you have retail watch stores and where are they located? our headquarters, which houses our retail store, is located in sunny southern california just a few miles from the ocean in huntington beach. we are open monday through friday, 9 a.m. to 6 p.m. (pst), while the showroom closes at 4:30 p.m. each day. the store is not open on saturday or sunday, but customers can shop at bobswatches.com 24/7. due to the nature of dealing with rolex timepieces, i.e., security and insurance concerns, customers must call to set up an appointment to view the rolex watches displayed on site in huntington beach. however, customers do not need an appointment to sell a rolex. that said, nearly all of our transactions are completed at bobswatches.com. our goal is to make it easy for those shopping the best deal on a pre-owned rolex to buy, sell or trade online with us. what types of payment can i use? we offer payment by credit card through discover, visa, and mastercard as well as payment by wire transfer. do you ship internationally? we do ship internationally, but we currently accept only wire transfer payments for international purchases. if you are an international buyer and wish to purchase or sell a watch please call us at 1(800) 494-3708 or  and we'd be happy to help you. what types of rolex watch movements are available? there are 3 main types of movements on rolex watches. manual wind - manual wind watches need to be wound on a daily basis in order to run and accurately display time. this movement can be found on many classic or simplistic rolex models such as the men's cellini. automatic or self-winding - the is the most common type of movement found in rolex watches today. this movement involves a rotor which transfers power to the mainspring and keeps the watch powered by the kinetic motion of your wrist while you wear it. if the rolex is worn daily, the rotor should produce enough power for the watch to run without manual winding needed. quartz - the quartz movement is arguably the most precise out of the 3 types being powered by a battery, a much more reliable method. it needs very minor maintenance except for the periodic battery change. this movement became popular in the 1970s and can be found in many ladies cellini models today. what do the water resistance ratings mean? the water resistance of a rolex is usually measured in meters and defines how deep it can go underwater while keeping water from getting in the watch. this rating is not completely precise as it is measured under the condition that both watch and water are motionless. however, this is rarely the case in reality because neither the wearer nor the water will ever be still, which increases the level of pressure on the rolex and therefore, the chance of water entering the watch. the list below shows all the available water resistance ratings and their most applicable conditions. "water resistance" or 30 meters - water splashes and light rain 50 meters - brief submergence in water 100 meters - snorkeling and swimming pools 200 meters - shallow scuba diving 300 meters - deep scuba diving 1,000 meters or more - about 3/5 of a mile and is more water pressure than a human body can withstand avoid extended periods of time in hot water as the heat can potentially warp the gaskets which keep the water from getting in. moving from extremely hot to cold conditions can also deform the metals within the watch. the watch should generally be kept off during baths and showers as soap can decrease the gaskets' surface tension and damage the seal. what is the difference between chronograph and chronometer? a chronograph refers to watches with stopwatch functionality and typically refers to the daytona model when talking about rolex. chronograph daytonas will have two to three additional subdials or registers on the face of the watch and corresponding pushers to control them. these types of rolex watches are usually popular with those active in sports and racing where keeping time is often useful. the chronometer is a watch that has gone through extensive testing and ensured to meet certain precision standards. for swiss watches such as rolex, all watches given the "chronometer" label has been certified by the cosc, the official swiss chronometer testing institute, after severely testing the accuracy of the movement for 15 days, across multiple positions and temperatures. for mechanical watches such as 99% of rolex, they must be within -4 and +6 seconds off after the testing period in order to pass. what types of rolex watch crystals are there? there are two types of crystals used by rolex. acrylic - found in older vintage rolex models, these crystals scratch easily but are easy to buff or replace because they are inexpensive. sapphire - these crystals are scratch resistant and cannot be scratched by any material except diamond and minerals with a hardness rating of 10. however, they are much more expensive, more likely to shatter on heavy impact, and if scratches do occur, they cannot be buffed out. what are considered "jewels" in a rolex? jewels are generally artificial synthetic rubies or saphhires that have been polished to server as bearings and stones for the gears and pallet-arms within a watch. these jewels, along with frequent, regular maintenance can reduce the friction between mechanical parts within the watch and drastically extend its lifepsan. in general, the more jewels a watch has, the more precise it is considered, but this is not always true. how much do rolex watches cost? a rolex watch can vary depending on the type of material used (such as gold, platinum, diamonds, etc), rarity, and market demand.  in some instances, a stainless steel watch might be more sought after than gold models, making the two different models cost nearly the same. where are rolex watches made? rolex watches have been made in geneva, switzerland since 1919 when the company’s founders, hans wilsdorf and alfred davis, relocated the operation from london, england. why are rolex watches so expensive? when you wear a rolex watch you are essentially wearing 400 years of mechanical engineering on your wrist.  those shinny stylish status symbols have evolved over hundreds of years to become extremely efficient and precise timepieces.  here are a few facts you might not have known about rolex watches. each movement is handcrafted by skilled tradesmen the parts used are of the best quality. all of the gold used on a rolex comes from their in-house foundry it takes about a year to produce a rolex watch do rolex watches tick? all mechanical watches tick, however rolex movements are engineered in such a way that the second hand appears to sweep as opposed to tick. it has become rolex’s trademark. where is the best place to buy a rolex? the best place to purchase a rolex brand watch is from a reputable dealer who guarantees the authenticity of their luxury watches.  check to make sure that the dealer has a physical location and that they offer the best prices.  when buying online, a dealer should also offer free insured shipping. where can i buy a rolex watch, who has the best prices? when looking to invest in a luxury watch you need to find the most trust name in the industry.   bob’s watches has been buying and selling rolex watches since 1999.  we are the leading destination for rolex buyers online.  bob’s has the best prices and offers free next day shipping, insured by fedex.  all of our buy and sell prices are dictated by the current market, so you can be assured that you are receiving a fair price for your timepiece. about bob's authenticity pledge buyers protection plan bob's watches reviews press bob's watches wikipedia contact us faq © 2015 bob's watches terms & conditions privacy consignor terms select a modelrolex submarinerrolex daytonarolex presidentrolex daterolex gmt-masterrolex milgaussrolex explorerrolex air-kingrolex sea-dwellerrolex yachtmasterrolex cellinirolex sky-dwellerladies rolexmens used rolex company info authenticity pledge buyers protection plan about bob's bob's watches reviews press bob's rolex usa bob's watches wikipedia services & support find it for me terms & conditions privacy policy consignor terms contact us faq resources rolex buying & selling sell your rolex how to sell used rolex prices pre-owned rolex rolex serial numbers shipping & returns u.s. shipping international shipping returns shipping info connect with us twitter facebook careers at bob's blog site map site map copyright bob's watches. all rights reserved. bob's watches is not affiliated with rolex s.a., rolex usa, or any of its subsidiaries. bob's watches is an independent watch dealer and is not sponsored by, associated with and/or affiliated with rolex, s.a. bob's watches sells pre-owned rolex watches and provides its own warranties on the watches it sells. rolex, www.rolex.com, is under no obligation to warranty-service watches sold by bob's watches. rolex datejust, rolex day date president, submariner, presidential, explorer, sea dweller, super president, gmt master, gmt, yachtmaster, prince, milgaus, masterpiece, air king, cosmograph daytona, and pearlmaster are all registered trademarks of the rolex corporation ( rolex usa, rolex s.a.) to buy a new rolex watch, please visit rolex.com for a list of authorized rolex dealers near you. scroll to top