来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20151208075021/https://www.bobswatches.com/rolex-blog/pre-owned-rolex.html
================================================================================

buy pre-owned rolex watches for sale at bob's watches about rolex press blog cart contact us newsletter (800) 494-3708 15176 goldenwest st huntington beach, ca 92683 rolex submarinerrolex daytonarolex presidentrolex datejustrolex daterolex gmt-masterrolex milgaussrolex explorerrolex air-kingrolex sea-dwellerrolex yachtmasterrolex cellinirolex sky-dwellerladies rolexmens used rolex vintage rolex new arrivals luxury watches resources about us contact us condition grading sell a rolex buy a rolex used rolex jewelry home rolex watches save up to 50% on a rolex watch rolex submarinerrolex daytonarolex presidentrolex datejustrolex daterolex gmt-masterrolex milgaussrolex explorerrolex air-kingrolex sea-dwellerrolex yachtmasterrolex cellinirolex sky-dwellerladies rolexmens used rolex vintage rolex sell rolex used rolex new arrivals luxury watches bell & rossbreguetbreitlingcartieriwclonginesomegapaneraipatek philippetagheuertissottudorvacheron jewelry estate jewelry diamonds more watch resourceswatch repair servicethe exchange conceptrolex historyabout uswatch faqsrolex watch case sizesrolex condition grading newsletter signup talk to us! we talk back recent posts 4 novelties to look out for at baselworld 2016 four notable characteristics on this vintage gmt-master 1675 11 macro shots to appreciate the small details of rolex 5 rolex highlights of the sotheby’s watches london auction one president to tickle you pink select a modelbell & rossbreguetbreitlingcartieriwcjaeger lecoultrelonginesomegapaneraipatek philippetagheuertissottudorvacheronrolex submarinerrolex daytonarolex presidentrolex datejustrolex daterolex gmt-mastervintage rolexrolex milgaussrolex explorerrolex air-kingrolex sea-dwellerrolex yachtmasterrolex cellinirolex sky-dwellerladies rolexdatejustpresidentyacht-masterprice guiderolex booksused rolexcellinimens used rolexjewelryestate jewelrymothers day giftsrolex pearlmastervintage ladies rolexrolex midsizeholiday gift guide pre-owned rolex pre-owned rolex when a customer walks into stores such as tiffany’s or f.a.o. schwartz, they know the products available are of the highest quality, which makes buyers willing to pay top dollar for those products. the credibility of the store and the authenticity of the products makes the higher prices worthwhile. it is simple to use the same credibility and authenticity to sell your pre owned luxury watches for the highest price possible without sacrificing convenience or security by using the luxury watch professionals at bob’s watches, where informed consumers can find pre-owned rolex watches for sale at current market prices without risk. professional sales experts recognize the importance of assuring buyers that the pre-owned rolex watches for sale that they are considering are authentic, valuable, and exactly what the buyer is looking for in a precision time piece. by guaranteeing the authenticity and quality of pre-owned rolex for sale, bob’s watches allows individual sellers to use their credibility and their secure website to garner the highest price possible. the credibility and authenticity guaranteed by our staff of experts is what allows you to sell rolex watches for more. while a dealer could charge the same high price, you would then have to leave part of the sell price with the previously owned rolex dealers who sold your watch. instead, the difference between the buy and sell price are posted publicly. everything is up front and open. there are no hidden fees or extra charges. how certified pre-owned rolex watches are sold used rolex watches by eliminating buyers’ fears, you can sell your certified pre owned rolex watch for far more than you might be able to get through a newspaper or online sale or auction. by increasing your creditability, buyers feel more confident in paying more for certified rolex watches. the steps to selling your rolex at bob’s watches is fast, simple, and convenient. you simply follow these steps to be assured of the highest possible selling price for your pre-owned luxury watches: select the type and model of used rolex you wish to sell posted under each model, you will see the current buy and sell prices click the “sell a rolex” button fill out the form or call 1-800-494-3708 once a price range is agreed upon, we send you an insured, postage paid usps box place your rolex in the box and mail it back to us once it arrives and its condition is verified, you receive payment you are free to cancel the transaction at any time buy and sell prices for rolex submariner watches listed by seeing the current prices for pre-owned rolex watches for sale, you are assured of getting the most up to date value for your preowned rolex. since so many buyers are confident in our expertise and credibility, demand remains high for a wider variety of certified used rolex watches. how to offer your pre-owned rolex for sale markets are constantly changing and timing is crucial when you are looking for the best selling (or buying) price for a  pre-owned rolex watches. by using our real time buy and sell prices, you can track market behavior to find the best time to sell or sell. as our lives change and we mature, we often outgrow styles that suited us perfectly when we were younger. rather than hang on to rolex watches that no longer fit our lifestyle, outlook, or interests, replacing it with something better is easy when the prices are listed clearly and accurately, and you are sure of the authenticity of the preowned rolex watches you are considering. if you are looking for a replacement preowned rolex, simply browse our current inventory of certified pre-owned rolex watches or click on “find your watches here” and select the type and model you wish to buy and click “buy it.” it’s that simple. your assured, either way, of dealing only with high quality, authenticated preowned rolex watches. if the model you want is not currently listed, we can find it for you. to be assured of the best price on certified preowned rolex watches of the highest quality, you are encouraged to shop around and see for yourself that that world’s first rolex exchange, which started as a small, family owned business over 30 years ago, is still the best way to get the best price when you buy or sell a certified pre-owned rolex watch. at bob’s watches, our mission is to provide an open and reputable marketplace for buying and selling pre-owned rolex watches safely and efficiently.  browse our vast and ever changing inventory of previously owned rolex wristwatches like the famous rolex datejust or the submariner watches. we take great care to price all of our used rolex watches right at market so that maximum value is delivered to both buyer and seller. all watches in our certified preowned rolex inventory have been cleaned, buffed, polished, and restored to “like-new” condition and come with a 1 year warranty. trust: there are several places to buy pre-owned rolex watches – but there is only one bob’s watches.  and there is a difference: unlike most online retailers of previously owned rolexwatches, bob’s actually carries its own inventory.  we are not “order takers” like many others so the watch you see on our website is the watch you are buying.  so feel free to request additional photos of the watch you are interested in buying.  and we stand ready behind every sale with our 3 day, unconditional money back guarantee.  change your mind, or just don’t like the way it looks on your wrist?  no problem. just return the watch within 3 days unworn and we will be happy to refund your money.  so don’t trust ebay or overstock to buy such an expensive item like a rolex watch.   call your friends at bob’s watches to ensure you’ll get the best pre-owned rolex watch experience. for buyers if you are in the market to buy used rolex watches you need a reputable online store to help you though the process. we do everything we can to ensure the best customer support for a safe and hassle free transaction. bob’s watches guarantee: your used rolex will be 100% authentic your transaction will be safe, convenient, and hassle free you will get the best deal whether you are buying or selling a rolex for sellers bob’s watches guarantee: you will receive immediate payment by check or wire you will receive the maximum market value for your used rolex watch we’ve been pioneering new business developments since 1980, and continue to lead today making sure rolex fans have a completely open marketplace where they can sell or buy previously owned rolex wristwatches safely and efficiently. bob’s watches is your source to buy and sell pre-owned rolex watches with confidence and ease. as you peruse the website and view the wide range of used rolex watches, you will find the buy and sell prices presented for each pre owned rolex. this enables the customer to purchase with the confidence that the market value for used rolex watches is current. as time goes on, a pre owned rolex will continue to keep its value.  there has always been a vibrant marketplace for used rolex watches. purchasing a second-hand rolex watch can be an excellent way to acquire one of these fine timepieces at a reasonable price. a used rolex watch represents high quality and status, and owners of rolex watches preserve them well to keep them like new. bob’s pre owned rolex watches are authentic, and in great wearable condition. due to the high enthusiast demand for watches, such as pre-owned rolex presidents, pre-owned rolex datejusts and pre-owned submariners timepieces, bob’s is always interested in purchasing fine watches as well as collections. you can always depend on bob’s watches for prompt and confidential transactions. a rolex watch is a precision instrument and an extension of the wearer. it is a statement about who you are when you slip it on in the morning. purchasing a pre owned rolex watch has always been an investment as well as an acquisition. it is a way to treat yourself well, and like a piece of fine jewelry, a way to acquire a timeless item of value to last a lifetime. customers seeking to purchase that one special watch, as well as collectors, dealers and investors buying many rolex watches, can always count on bob’s watches for an extensive selection of luxury timepieces. bob’s experienced staff offers the finest selection of  luxury watches. they pride themselves in the quality and fabulous selection of fine watches and jewelry we offer. plus, their selection is constantly growing, giving our customers one of the finest selections of major luxury brands and models available in the world. after our pre owned rolex staff carefully examines all of our previously owned timepieces to as like-new condition as possible they value the rolex’s worth. in addition, our watch staff certifies and authenticates all timepieces before they purchase them for inventory. bob’s has built a flawless reputation based on the quality of previously owned luxury watches for sale and the personal service we provide to our customers. every watch bob’s sells is guaranteed to be authentic and has been inspected at the highest of standards. that guarantee has given bob’s watches a first-rate reputation in the rolex pre-owned watches industry as well as with the most avid watch enthusiasts. for more information about pre owned rolex please call 800-494-3708. about paul altieripaul is the company's founder and ceo. he is responsible for all the day to day activities from purchasing, receiving, marketing and sales. paul is a graduate of boston college 1979 and resides in california with his family. comments are closed. search for: pagesblog sitemap bob’s rolex watch blog bob’s rolex watches – buy and sell used luxury timepieces bob’s rolex watches author list buy rolex sell rolex huntington beach orange county location buy used rolex friends of bob how to sell your rolex watch men’s top holiday gift ideas survey pre-owned rolex previously owned rolex print your fedex shipping label request an easy ship box rolex buyers at bob’s watches rolex datejust – the first watch with a date rolex explorer – for the adventurous rolex prices rolex watches at bob’s sell or buy used rolex atlanta sell or buy used rolex boston thank you – a box is on its way! thank you for requesting a shipping label used rolex gmt-master ii – the pilots watch used rolex submariner used rolex watches used rolex watches for men used rolex watches for sale where to sell rolex watches archives march 2016 february 2016 january 2016 december 2015 november 2015 october 2015 september 2015 august 2015 july 2015 june 2015 may 2015 april 2015 march 2015 february 2015 january 2015 december 2014 november 2014 october 2014 september 2014 august 2014 july 2014 june 2014 may 2014 april 2014 march 2014 february 2014 january 2014 december 2013 november 2013 october 2013 september 2013 august 2013 july 2013 june 2013 may 2013 april 2013 march 2013 february 2013 january 2013 december 2012 november 2012 october 2012 september 2012 august 2012 july 2012 june 2012 may 2012 april 2012 march 2012 february 2012 january 2012 december 2011 november 2011 october 2011 september 2011 august 2011 july 2011 june 2011 may 2011 april 2011 march 2011 february 2011 january 2011 december 2010 november 2010 october 2010 september 2010 august 2010 july 2010 categories buy rolex (10) buy used rolex (9) celebrity rolex (31) giveaway (1) images (17) rolex fashion (35) rolex info (201) rolex news (148) sell rolex (8) vintage rolex (66) meta log in entries (rss) about bob's authenticity pledge buyers protection plan bob's watches reviews press bob's watches wikipedia contact us faq © 2016 bob's watches terms & conditions privacy consignor terms select a modelrolex submarinerrolex daytonarolex presidentrolex daterolex gmt-masterrolex milgaussrolex explorerrolex air-kingrolex sea-dwellerrolex yachtmasterrolex cellinirolex sky-dwellerladies rolexmens used rolex company info authenticity pledge buyers protection plan about bob's bob's watches reviews press bob's rolex usa bob's watches wikipedia press/media services & support find it for me terms & conditions privacy policy consignor terms contact us faq resources rolex buying & selling sell your rolex how to sell used rolex prices pre-owned rolex rolex serial numbers shipping & returns u.s. shipping international shipping returns shipping info connect with us twitter facebook careers at bob's blog site map site map copyright bob's watches. all rights reserved. bob's watches is not affiliated with rolex s.a., rolex usa, or any of its subsidiaries. bob's watches is an independent watch dealer and is not sponsored by, associated with and/or affiliated with rolex, s.a. bob's watches sells pre-owned rolex watches and provides its own warranties on the watches it sells. rolex, www.rolex.com, is under no obligation to warranty-service watches sold by bob's watches. rolex datejust, rolex day date president, submariner, presidential, explorer, sea dweller, super president, gmt master, gmt, yachtmaster, prince, milgaus, masterpiece, air king, cosmograph daytona, and pearlmaster are all registered trademarks of the rolex corporation ( rolex usa, rolex s.a.) to buy a new rolex watch, please visit rolex.com for a list of authorized rolex dealers near you. scroll to top