来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20151208075021/https://www.bobswatches.com/terms-and-conditions
================================================================================

terms & conditions - bob's watches about rolex press blog cart contact us newsletter (800) 494-3708 15176 goldenwest st huntington beach, ca 92683 rolex submarinerrolex daytonarolex presidentrolex datejustrolex daterolex gmt-masterrolex milgaussrolex explorerrolex air-kingrolex sea-dwellerrolex yachtmasterrolex cellinirolex sky-dwellerladies rolexmens used rolex vintage rolex new arrivals luxury watches resources about us contact us condition grading sell a rolex buy a rolex used rolex jewelry home rolex watches save up to 50% on a rolex watch rolex submarinerrolex daytonarolex presidentrolex datejustrolex daterolex gmt-masterrolex milgaussrolex explorerrolex air-kingrolex sea-dwellerrolex yachtmasterrolex cellinirolex sky-dwellerladies rolexmens used rolex vintage rolex sell rolex used rolex new arrivals luxury watches bell & rossbreguetbreitlingcartieriwclonginesomegapaneraipatek philippetagheuertissottudorvacheron jewelry estate jewelry diamonds more watch resourceswatch repair servicethe exchange conceptrolex historyabout uswatch faqsrolex watch case sizesrolex condition grading select a modelbell & rossbreguetbreitlingcartieriwcjaeger lecoultrelonginesomegapaneraipatek philippetagheuertissottudorvacheronrolex submarinerrolex daytonarolex presidentrolex datejustrolex daterolex gmt-mastervintage rolexrolex milgaussrolex explorerrolex air-kingrolex sea-dwellerrolex yachtmasterrolex cellinirolex sky-dwellerladies rolexdatejustpresidentyacht-masterprice guiderolex booksused rolexcellinimens used rolexjewelryestate jewelrymothers day giftsrolex pearlmastervintage ladies rolexrolex midsizeholiday gift guide x bob's watches is dedicated to always offering the best value to our customers. we will match the price, at the time of purchase, on a low price guarantee product if you find the same item at a lower price at a designated major online retailer. here's how: if you find a qualifying lower price online, call 1-800-494-3708 and direct a customer service agent to the web site with the lower price. on qualifying products, bob's watches will then verify the current price to complete the price match. some exclusions apply. see the list of designated major online retailers and full details. * x you do not have to worry about additional taxes being added during checkout. the price you see is the price you pay. sales tax is only collected on orders shipped to addresses in the state of california. x free priority overnight shipping on all orders applies to u.s. orders only. unlike many other websites that have special rules and lots of fine print , bobswatches.com offers free shipping on all domestic orders placed on our website, with no minimum order size or special exceptions. just because shipping is free doesn’t mean it should take a long time. bobswatches.com understands that getting your item quickly is important to you, so we make every effort to process your order as quickly as possible. hometerms & conditions terms & conditions bob’s watches web site terms of use and legal restrictions attention: please read these terms and conditions carefully before using this web site. using this web site indicates that you accept these terms and conditions. if you do not accept these terms ("terms"), do not use this web site. use of site bob’s watches authorizes you to view and download the materials at this web site ("site") only for your personal, non-commercial use, provided that you retain all copyright and other proprietary notices contained in the original materials on any copies of the materials. you may not modify the materials at this site in any way or reproduce or publicly display, perform, or distribute or otherwise use them for any public or commercial purpose. for purposes of these terms, any use of these materials on any other web site or networked computer environment for any purpose is prohibited. the materials at this site are copyrighted and any unauthorized use of any materials at this site may violate copyright, trademark, and other laws. if you breach any of these terms, your authorization to use this site automatically terminates and you must immediately destroy any downloaded or printed materials. web site license as a user of this web site you are granted a nonexclusive, nontransferable, revocable, limited license to access and use the web site and content in accordance with these terms. bob’s watches may terminate this license at any time for any reason. limitations on use the content on this web site is for personal use only and not for commercial exploitation. you may not decompile, reverse engineer, disassemble, rent, lease, loan, sell, sub-license, or create derivative works from the web site or the content. nor may you use any network monitoring or discovery software to determine the site architecture, or extract information about usage or users. you may not use any robot, spider, other automatic device, or manual process to monitor or copy our web site or the content without bob’s watches prior written permission. you may not copy, modify, reproduce, republish, distribute, display, or transmit for commercial, non-profit or public purposes all or any portion of the web site, except to the extent permitted above. you may not use or otherwise export or re-export the web site or any portion thereof, the content or any software available on or through the web site in violation of the export control laws and regulations of the united states of america. any unauthorized use of the web site or its content is prohibited. in no event may any person or entity solicit any users with data retrieved from this web site. advertisingall ads stating that prices are up to a certain percent off pertain to the full retail price of a new watch. for instance, if an ad says "up to 35% off" this means that our price is up to 35% less than what the full retail price of a new watch would be. user submissions other than personally identifiable information, which is covered under the bob’s watches privacy policy, any material, information or other communication you transmit or post to this site will be considered non-confidential and non-proprietary ("communications"). bob’s watches will have no obligations with respect to the communications. bob’s watches and its designees will be free to copy, disclose, distribute, incorporate and otherwise use the communications and all data, images, sounds, text, and other things embodied therein for any and all commercial or non-commercial purposes. you are prohibited from posting or transmitting to or from this site any unlawful, threatening, libelous, defamatory, obscene, pornographic, or other material that would violate any law. email newsletter sign up terms and conditions discount coupon expires in 30 days from date which customer signed up for newsletter. no cash value, may not be combined with any other coupons or discounts, must be 18 years or older, valid for website purchases only at www.bobswatches.com. offer valid for purchases made at bobswatches.com online checkout.  promo code is valid for up to $100 off 1 watch.  code may only be redeemed at bobswatches.com.  code is good for one-time use only.  code has no cash value, may not be combined with any other offers or promotions, will not be replaced if lost, and is not for resale.  if fee included is more than maximum value of the code, customer must pay the remaining balance with a valid payment method.  any price difference between purchased and maximum value of the code will not be refunded. links to other web sites links to third party web sites on this site are provided solely as a convenience to you. if you use these links, you will leave this site. bob’s watches has not reviewed all of these third party sites and does not control and is not responsible for any of these sites or their content. thus, bob’s watches does not endorse or make any representations about them, or any information, software or other products or materials found there, or any results that may be obtained from using them. if you decide to access any of the third party sites linked to this site, you do this entirely at your own risk. advertisers this web site may contain advertising and sponsorship. advertisers and sponsors are responsible for ensuring that material submitted for inclusion on the web site is accurate and complies with applicable laws. this site will not be responsible for the illegality of or any error or inaccuracy in advertisers' or sponsors' materials. third party content third party content may appear on this web site or may be accessible via links from this web site. bob’s watches is not responsible for and assumes no liability for any mistakes, misstatements of law, defamation, slander, libel, omissions, falsehood, obscenity, pornography or profanity in the statements, opinions, representations or any other form of content contained in any third party content appearing on the web site. you understand that the information and opinions in the third party content is neither endorsed by nor does it reflect the belief of bob’s watches. product information all products offered, including rolex submariner, are subject to prior sale. while bob’s watches has tried to accurately display shapes and colors of the products offered on this web site, the actual colors you see mostly depend on your monitor and may not be accurate. copyright all web site design, images, audio clips and information, the selection and arrangement thereof as well as all software contained on this web site are, to the extent possible, copyrighted and/or otherwise proprietary to bob’s watches. you are authorized to download or print a hard copy of individual pages and/or sections of this web site, provided that you do not remove any copyright or other proprietary notices. this authorization is limited to use for information purposes only. reproducing (in whole or in part), transmitting (by electronic means or otherwise), modifying, linking into or using for any public or commercial purpose any portion or all of this web site without prior written permission of bob’s watches is strictly prohibited. trademarks unless otherwise indicated, the mark bob’s watches and all other marks including logos and graphic designs proprietary to bob’s watches, are subject to the trademark rights of bob’s watches and may not be used in connection with any product or services that are not offered by bob’s watches in any manner that is likely to cause confusion among customers or in any manner that discredits or disparages bob’s watches. no mention is made of rights with respect to other trademarks, service marks or trade-names, whether registered or not, which may attach to certain words or signs used herein. the absence of such mention, however, in no way implies that there is no protection of these marks, trade-names, words or signs. disclaimer the materials and services provided at this site are provided "as is" without any warranties of any kind including warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, or non-infringement of intellectual property. bob's watches warranties are non-transferable. bob’s watches does not represent or warrant that the web site will be error-free, free of viruses or other harmful components, or that defects will be corrected. bob’s watches does not warrant or represent that the information available on or through the web site will be correct, accurate, timely, or otherwise reliable. bob’s watches may make improvements and/or changes to its features, functionality or content at any time. bob’s watches further does not warrant the accuracy and completeness of the materials or services at this site. bob's watches reserves the right to refuse service to anyone at its sole discretion. bob’s watches may make changes to the materials and services at this site, or to the products and prices described in them, at any time without notice. all visitors acknowledge that prices and availability are subject to change at any time. the materials and services at this site may be out of date, and bob’s watches makes no commitment to update the materials and services at this site. information published at this site may refer to products, programs or services that are not available in your country. consult your local bob’s watches business contact for information regarding the products, programs and services that may be available to you. applicable law may not allow the exclusion of implied warranties, so the above exclusion may not apply to you. all sell prices and purchase offers are subject to change with market conditions. additionally, purchase offer estimates to sell a watch to bob's are based on watches that are in perfect salable condition in no need of polishing or repairs of any kind, or servicing, and are based on the information given to us including but not limited to the correct model number, age, condition, bracelet type, etc. purchase estimates are also based on watches that contain 100% factory original parts. purchase offers are just preliminary estimates only and will need to be adjusted down if the watch needs to be overhauled-serviced, a new crystal, replacement parts, etc or anything required to place that watch in like new salable condition to a buyer. by example, watches in need of a new crystal will have an appropriate deduction made for the cost of that item. limitation of liability bob’s watches does not promise that the site or any content, service or feature of the site will be error-free or uninterrupted, or that any defects will be corrected, or that your use of the site will provide specific results. the site and its content are delivered on an “as-is” and “as-available” basis. bob’s watches cannot and shall not be held responsible for errors, omissions, or failures of its own technology or the technology of its users. in no event shall bob’s watches be liable for any lost revenue or profit or for special, indirect, consequential, incidental or punitive damages, however caused and regardless of the theory of liability, even if bob’s watches has been advised of the possibility of such damages. to the fullest extent allowed by law, in no event shall bob’s watches’ liability to you, whether in contract or tort (including negligence) or otherwise exceed the amount paid by you in the applicable auction to which such liability relates. some states do not allow the exclusion of certain damages, so some of the terms above may not be applicable to you. usage by children under 18 bob’s watches cannot prohibit minors from visiting this site. bob’s watches must rely on parents, guardians and those responsible for supervising children under 18 to decide which materials are appropriate for such children to view the site. bob’s watches requires that all purchases be made by individuals 18 years of age or older. export the u.s. export control laws regulate the export and re-export of technology originating in the united states. this includes the electronic transmission of information and software to foreign countries and to certain foreign nationals. user agrees to abide by these laws and their regulations -- including but not limited to the export administration act and the arms export control act and not to transfer, by electronic transmission or otherwise, any content derived from this web site to either a foreign national or a foreign destination in violation of such laws. indemnity you agree to indemnify and hold harmless bob’s watches and all of its officers, directors, owners, shareholders, trustees, partners, members, employees, agents, successors and assigns against and from any and all claims, actions, damages, fines, penalties, liabilities, losses, costs and expenses (including without limitation reasonable attorney’s fees) arising out of, relating to or in connection with: (i) your use of the bob’s watches website or bob’s watches services; (ii) your purchase of property at any bob’s watches; or (iii) shipment of any property under these terms and conditions. unlawful activity bob’s watches reserves the right to investigate complaints or reported violations of these terms & conditions and to take any action we deem appropriate including but not limited to reporting any suspected unlawful activity to law enforcement officials, regulators, or other third parties and disclosing any information necessary or appropriate to such persons or entities relating to user profiles, e-mail addresses, usage history, posted materials, ip addresses and traffic information. remedies for violationsbob’s watches reserves the right to seek all remedies available at law and in equity for violations of these terms & conditions, including but not limited to the right to block access from a particular internet address to this web site. applicable laws this site is administered by bob’s watches from its offices in california. bob’s watches makes no representation that materials or services at this site are appropriate or available for use outside the united states, and access to them from territories where their contents are illegal is prohibited. you may not use or export or re-export the materials or services at this site or any copy or adaptation in violation of any applicable laws or regulations including without limitation u.s. export laws and regulations. if you choose to access this site from outside the united states, you do so on your own initiative and are responsible for compliance with applicable local laws. these terms will be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the state of california, without giving effect to any principles of conflicts of laws. dispute resolution california law governs these terms and conditions. in the event of any dispute related to any subject of these terms and conditions (except as noted below), you agree that the same shall be resolved by binding arbitration in orange county, california in accordance with the comprehensive rules and procedures of jams arbitration, mediation, and adr services (www.jamsadr.com) or its successor then in effect. the decision of the arbitrator shall be final and binding on the parties. the arbitrator shall render the award in writing, explaining the factual and legal basis for decision as to each of the principal controverted issues. the parties and each of them expressly agree that any petition to confirm, modify or enforce the arbitral award shall be resolved by the orange county superior court, to which jurisdiction the parties hereby submit. the parties and each of them agree that any dispute resolution proceeding will be conducted only on an individual basis and not in a class, consolidated or representative action. if for any reason a claim proceeds in court rather than in arbitration all parties waive any right to a jury trial. we also both agree that you or we may bring suit in court to enjoin infringement or other misuse of intellectual property rights. privacy your use of the web site is subject to bob’s watches's privacy policy, available through this link. severability of provisions in the event that any part of these terms and conditions is deemed invalid or unenforceable, the remainder shall remain in full force and effect. general bob’s watches may revise these terms at any time by updating this posting. you should visit this page from time to time to review the then-current terms because they are binding on you. certain provisions of these terms may be superseded by expressly designated legal notices or terms located on particular pages at this site. you are responsible for regularly reviewing the terms of use. continued use of the web site after any such changes constitutes your consent to such changes. duties & taxes your order total is set at the exchange rate when your order is placed. international taxes, tariffs and value-added tax (vat) are the responsibility of the customer. duty, customs tariffs and vat are set by the destination country. they are determined based on the purchased merchandise's country of origin or manufacturing and the classification of that merchandise in accordance with a harmonized system adopted. the amount of applicable duty, tariffs, taxes and vat will vary by country and will be the sole responsibility of the customer. about bob's authenticity pledge buyers protection plan bob's watches reviews press bob's watches wikipedia contact us faq © 2016 bob's watches terms & conditions privacy consignor terms select a modelrolex submarinerrolex daytonarolex presidentrolex daterolex gmt-masterrolex milgaussrolex explorerrolex air-kingrolex sea-dwellerrolex yachtmasterrolex cellinirolex sky-dwellerladies rolexmens used rolex company info authenticity pledge buyers protection plan about bob's bob's watches reviews press bob's rolex usa bob's watches wikipedia press/media services & support find it for me terms & conditions privacy policy consignor terms contact us faq resources rolex buying & selling sell your rolex how to sell used rolex prices pre-owned rolex rolex serial numbers shipping & returns u.s. shipping international shipping returns shipping info connect with us twitter facebook careers at bob's blog site map site map copyright bob's watches. all rights reserved. bob's watches is not affiliated with rolex s.a., rolex usa, or any of its subsidiaries. bob's watches is an independent watch dealer and is not sponsored by, associated with and/or affiliated with rolex, s.a. bob's watches sells pre-owned rolex watches and provides its own warranties on the watches it sells. rolex, www.rolex.com, is under no obligation to warranty-service watches sold by bob's watches. rolex datejust, rolex day date president, submariner, presidential, explorer, sea dweller, super president, gmt master, gmt, yachtmaster, prince, milgaus, masterpiece, air king, cosmograph daytona, and pearlmaster are all registered trademarks of the rolex corporation ( rolex usa, rolex s.a.) to buy a new rolex watch, please visit rolex.com for a list of authorized rolex dealers near you. scroll to top