来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20161106045929/https://www.bobswatches.com/about-us
================================================================================

specialists in vintage rolex, used and new - about bob's watches about rolex press blog cart contact us newsletter (800) 494-3708 15176 goldenwest st huntington beach, ca 92683 rolex submarinerrolex daytonarolex presidentrolex datejustrolex daterolex gmt-masterrolex milgaussrolex explorerrolex air-kingrolex sea-dwellerrolex yachtmasterrolex cellinirolex sky-dwellerladies rolexmens used rolex vintage rolex new arrivals luxury watches resources about us contact us condition grading sell a rolex buy a rolex used rolex jewelry home rolex watches save up to 50% on a rolex watch rolex submarinerrolex daytonarolex presidentrolex datejustrolex daterolex gmt-masterrolex milgaussrolex explorerrolex air-kingrolex sea-dwellerrolex yachtmasterrolex cellinirolex sky-dwellerladies rolexmens used rolex vintage rolex sell rolex used rolex new arrivals luxury watches bell & rossbreguetbreitlingcartieriwclonginesomegapaneraipatek philippetagheuertissottudorvacheron jewelry estate jewelry diamonds more watch resourceswatch repair servicethe exchange conceptrolex historyabout uswatch faqsrolex watch case sizesrolex condition grading x bob's watches is dedicated to always offering the best value to our customers. we will match the price, at the time of purchase, on a low price guarantee product if you find the same item at a lower price at a designated major online retailer. here's how: if you find a qualifying lower price online, call 1-800-494-3708 and direct a customer service agent to the web site with the lower price. on qualifying products, bob's watches will then verify the current price to complete the price match. some exclusions apply. see the list of designated major online retailers and full details. * x you do not have to worry about additional taxes being added during checkout. the price you see is the price you pay. sales tax is only collected on orders shipped to addresses in the state of california. x free priority overnight shipping on all orders applies to u.s. orders only. unlike many other websites that have special rules and lots of fine print , bobswatches.com offers free shipping on all domestic orders placed on our website, with no minimum order size or special exceptions. just because shipping is free doesn’t mean it should take a long time. bobswatches.com understands that getting your item quickly is important to you, so we make every effort to process your order as quickly as possible. homemoreabout us the team customer service is our main mission mission statement & service culture about bob's bob's watches is the world's first and only pre-owned rolex exchange where consumers can buy, sell, and trade vintage and used rolex watches at true fair market value.  we openly publish the current buy and sell values for each rolex model allowing us to serve as an online marketplace for buyers and sellers looking, quite simply, to get the best deal.  we are devoted exclusively to only used rolex watches, including vintage and antique timepieces, and pride ourselves in obtaining the very best results possible for our customers.  our business philosophy is built on trust and integrity and in a very short time we have become the leading online destination for used rolex watches and vintage rolex expertise. and unlike other online watch companies, bob’s carries an actual inventory of watches.  every watch on our site is in stock ready for sale. for more information about bob's watches, see our wikipedia page. customer service is our main mission unlike many companies in search of maximizing a profit, our primary goal at bob’s watches is to create a trusted source to buy and sell pre-owned rolex watches.  ensuring a positive experience for you is our primary mission.  all of our certified, authentic rolex watches have been carefully serviced and restored to mint condition. and while our business has grown rapidly over the past years, we hold strong to our commitment of offering the highest quality customer service.  bob’s watches is accredited by the better business bureau with an a+ rating. sellers:  rolex sellers have just one simple goal:  to receive a fair price for their watch from a trusted buyer who will pay them in a timely manner. since we post our buy and sell prices openly on the site, sellers can be assured they are getting full market value. payment is wired the same day. buyers:  all buyers are looking to purchase a genuine rolex from a trusted reseller at the best price. to that end, we encourage our buyers to shop us on google shopping to discover how good our pricing really is. mission statement & service culture admired but not easily replicated, bob’s is firmly grounded in our founding principles – in who we are and what our mission is.  our goals and principles are guided by our devotion to creating the most trusted name in pre-owned rolex watches.  bob’s watches is based in huntington beach, california.  for more information, please call (800) 494-3708. the team paul altieri president & founder paul is the company's founder and ceo and one of the world's top rolex experts. he is responsible for all the day to day activities from purchasing, receiving, marketing and sales. paul now spends time focusing on the strategic vision of the company and overseeing customer service needs.  paul is a graduate of boston college 1979 and resides in california with his family. favorite rolex watch: rolex gmt 116710 joe alessandrini cfo and vp of finance & operations as cfo of the company, joe is responsible for leading the finance and legal teams. he also manages the growth of the sales network and the operations required in supporting sales and purchase transactions. with his background in business and finance, along with his personal fascination with rolex watches, joe consistently steers the company in the right direction on a daily basis. favorite rolex watch: no date submariner 114060 carol altieri coo operations - bob's watches carol manages the internal operations of the company. she oversees getting product to the website as well as day-to-day activities of the sales team.  she works to constantly improve client relations by developing and executing strategies which increase the quality of customer service.  carol continues to build the company's reputation and image by augmenting the general overall experience of every transaction. favorite rolex watch:  rolex yacht-master on leather strap - ref. 116655 larry mendel watchmaker & sales with the general shortage of watchmakers in the united states, one would find themselves hard-pressed to find a watch master on the same calibre as larry. his extensive experience in the watch industry allows him to quote, service, and identify every rolex watch within a transaction, providing the customer with the comfort and confidence that they deserve when purchasing from or selling their rolex watch to bob's. favorite rolex watch: explorer ii 16570 harry watch maker harry is bob's certified watchmaker who brings with him a wealth of knowledge, experience and expertise. he is a master craftsman and prides himself in everything he does. favorite rolex watch: sea dweller deep sea chris foerster director of internet marketing & commerce chris manages the marketing strategies and online presence for bob's watches and continues to play an important role in the accelerated growth of the company. favorite rolex watch: military submariner 5517 samantha berger vintage rolex expert and sales rep sam has been with the company for seven years and is the residential vintage rolex expert. she loves working with rare timepieces and instills trust in each of our customers with her wealth of knowledge.  her bright attitude, confidence, and professionalism equate in the ultimate watch buying and selling experience for every customer. favorite rolex watch: vintage submariner 1680 donna wallace front office sales donna has been with the company for seven years and is responsible for the front office sales of the company. she continues to help the company as a jack of all trades, assisting and playing an important part in almost every aspect of the business. favorite rolex watch: rose gold president 179175 laura sales rep laura is a chicago native who now resides in sunny california. with a bachelor's degree in fashion marketing and management from the illinois institute of art, she brings a multitude of industry knowledge to bob's watches. her passion for jewelry and fashion has allowed laura to be the catalyst for continued excellence within the customer service department of bob’s watches. favorite rolex watch: gold daytona 116528 holly ruhl watch buyer extraordinaire, bee enthusiast as a customer service representative at bob's watches, holly goes above and beyond to help clients. her experience and enthusiasm has allows her to excel within the customer service department at bob's watches. personal comments: go ducks! favorite rolex watch: vintage rolex 4060 victoria lee sales rep victoria is an accomplished individual in the area of customer service and has been with bob's watches for over two years. her charm and charisma on the phone as well as in person consistently deliver a comfortable and fluid experience to her clients and facilitate a high volume of transactions for the company. favorite rolex watch: white dial milgauss 116400 max berger sales rep max has been with the company for two years. he assists the sales and marketing teams and is the company mascot with his bright and cheerful attitude. his dedication to the company and handling day-to-day tasks keeps the company running steadily and consistently. favorite rolex watch: paul newman daytona 6263 robert alarcon sales rep having been with the company for over five years, robert is one of the most experienced personnel on the sales team. he currently manages the laguna beach branch of the business. favorite rolex watch: yachtmaster 16622 chandra sales rep chandra has spent her career working with customers in a variety of retail environments. she makes sure to put her best foot forward every day, by bringing her expanding knowledge of products to the table while also making sure to build relationships with her customers. her desire to be a valuable part of bob’s watches makes her an asset and allows her the opportunity to learn something new every day. throughout the years, she’s developed a great love of wine, having begun to train as a sommelier, and is an avid chicago sports fan from her time spent living in the windy city. favorite rolex watch: yachtmaster 16622 teddi sales rep teddi is one of our newest members to the bob's team.  she works in customer service and is responsible for loading all of our products online and providing content for the website.  she has a bachelor’s degree in cultural studies from the university of london, goldsmiths. her enthusiasm and experience in the watch and jewelry industry shows through in her service to the company. an avid traveler, she hopes her next adventure takes her to thailand and other parts of southeast asia. favorite rolex watch: vintage explorer 1016 greg greiner co-founder greg co-founded bob's watches with paul before leaving for college. he is currently attending stanford university with plans to graduate in 2014. he advises the company on marketing, design, web development, and continues to play a strategic role in the company's growth plans. favorite rolex watch: pepsi gmt 16710 about bob's authenticity pledge buyers protection plan bob's watches reviews press bob's watches wikipedia contact us faq © 2016 bob's watches terms & conditions privacy consignor terms select a modelrolex submarinerrolex daytonarolex presidentrolex daterolex gmt-masterrolex milgaussrolex explorerrolex air-kingrolex sea-dwellerrolex yachtmasterrolex cellinirolex sky-dwellerladies rolexmens used rolex company info authenticity pledge buyers protection plan about bob's bob's watches reviews press bob's rolex usa bob's watches wikipedia press/media services & support find it for me terms & conditions privacy policy consignor terms contact us faq resources rolex buying & selling sell your rolex how to sell used rolex prices pre-owned rolex rolex serial numbers shipping & returns u.s. shipping international shipping returns shipping info connect with us twitter facebook careers at bob's blog site map site map copyright bob's watches. all rights reserved. bob's watches is not affiliated with rolex s.a., rolex usa, or any of its subsidiaries. bob's watches is an independent watch dealer and is not sponsored by, associated with and/or affiliated with rolex, s.a. bob's watches sells pre-owned rolex watches and provides its own warranties on the watches it sells. rolex, www.rolex.com, is under no obligation to warranty-service watches sold by bob's watches. rolex datejust, rolex day date president, submariner, presidential, explorer, sea dweller, super president, gmt master, gmt, yachtmaster, prince, milgaus, masterpiece, air king, cosmograph daytona, and pearlmaster are all registered trademarks of the rolex corporation ( rolex usa, rolex s.a.) to buy a new rolex watch, please visit rolex.com for a list of authorized rolex dealers near you. scroll to top