来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20161106045929/https://www.bobswatches.com/
================================================================================

bob’s rolex watches – buy & sell submariner, president, datejust & daytona free 1-day shipping - no sales tax* about rolex press blog / articles cart contact us newsletter (800) 494-3708 15176 goldenwest st huntington beach, ca 92683 home sell a rolex rolex watches all rolex watches rolex submarinerrolex daytonarolex presidentrolex datejustrolex daterolex gmt-mastervintage rolexrolex milgaussrolex explorerrolex air-kingrolex sea-dwellerrolex yachtmasterrolex cellinirolex sky-dwellerladies rolexmens used rolex brands all brands bell & rossbreguetbreitlingcartieriwclonginesomegapaneraipatek philippetagheuertissottudorvacheron more watch resourceswatch repair servicethe exchange conceptrolex historyabout uswatch faqsrolex watch case sizesrolex condition grading advantages of buying a pre-owned rolex about rolex press rolex serial numbers jewelry new arrivals contact us blog / articles call us (800) 494-3708 home rolex watches save up to 50% on a rolex watch rolex submarinerrolex daytonarolex presidentrolex datejustrolex daterolex gmt-masterrolex milgaussrolex explorerrolex air-kingrolex sea-dwellerrolex yachtmasterrolex cellinirolex sky-dwellerladies rolexmens used rolex vintage rolex sell rolex want to sell your watch? get a quote how how to sellhow the selling process workshow to trade inhow to value your watchhow to ship your watch why watches we buywhy choose bob's to sellwatch brands we sellwhy it's safer faq who is bob?how fast will i get paid?do you pay more?what is the pre-owned rolex exchange?is my selling info private? used rolex new arrivals luxury watches bell & rossbreguetbreitlingcartieriwclonginesomegapaneraipatek philippetagheuertissottudorvacheron more watch resourceswatch repair servicethe exchange conceptrolex historyabout uswatch faqsrolex watch case sizesrolex condition grading jewelry low price guarantee x bob's watches is dedicated to always offering the best value to our customers. we will match the price, at the time of purchase, on a low price guarantee product if you find the same item at a lower price at a designated major online retailer. here's how: if you find a qualifying lower price online, call 1-800-494-3708 and direct a customer service agent to the web site with the lower price. on qualifying products, bob's watches will then verify the current price to complete the price match. purchase price shown is the cash wire price, and any payment method fees such as credit card fees, paypal fees, amazon fees, etc, will be added to the transaction total. prices may be higher if other payment methods are selected. some exclusions apply. see the list of designated major online retailers and full details. no sales tax * x you do not have to worry about additional taxes being added during checkout. the price you see is the price you pay. sales tax is only collected on orders shipped to addresses in the state of california. free shipping x free priority overnight shipping on all orders applies to u.s. orders only. unlike many other websites that have special rules and lots of fine print , bobswatches.com offers free shipping on all domestic orders placed on our website, with no minimum order size or special exceptions. just because shipping is free doesn’t mean it should take a long time. bobswatches.com understands that getting your item quickly is important to you, so we make every effort to process your order as quickly as possible. find your rolex buy a rolex mens ladies vintage sell a rolex "(the) leading pre-owned and vintage rolex dealer" time "one of the largest online watch trading sites" wall street journal "makes the simple arithmetic that justifies buying a used rolex much clearer." men's journal "nothing beats the old-school cool factor of a collectible vintage rolex" la times "…in the benighted world of watch retail, bob's is basically google." techcrunch "bob's ranks #129 on inc 500 list of fastest growing companies!" inc 500 "the best place to buy (or sell) vintage rolex watches." the playboy club "an online exchange where models are traded like stocks" ocregister.com "a major player in the used rolex market" maxim "unlike competitors, bob's watches openly publishes the sale price…" forbes "creating consumer trust with an open pricing model" internet retailer bob's daily articles 5 rare vintage rolexes selling at christie's geneva auction (read more...) 11 winning daytona chronographs (read more...) 5 key vintage rolex sports models: intro (read more...) rolex datejust view collection rolex submariner view collection rolex president view collection rolex daytona view collection rolex gmt view collection rolex skydweller view collection rolex yachtmaster view collection rolex explorer view collection rolex seadweller view collection rolex cellini view collection vintage rolex view collection rolex milgauss view collection rolex airking view collection tudor view collection rolex date view collection midsize rolex view collection ladies datejust view collection ladies president view collection ladies yachtmaster view collection ladies pearlmaster view collection ladies vintage view collection guide on how to sell your rolex guide on how to spot a fake rolex our reviews other luxury brands sell your watch new arrivals bob's daily articles bob's social new in the world of @bobswatches bobswatches testimonials clemmie wren @clemmiewren thank you @bobswatches for helping me choose my new rolex! awesome experience. i'll be buying my next watch with you too! sean feldman @seanfeldman @bobswatches love my new watch. it looks brand new. thanks for getting it to me so quickly! omar todd @omarseashepherd just found some incredible new arrivals @bobswatches. if you have a minute check them out. (old fan of rolexs) dylan mcdermott @dylanmcdermott check out my new watch i got at @bobswatches these guys are great! pic.twitter.com/zchmcjdxbh marc crisp @crispy_3 @bobswatches sad to see my two beautiful rolex's go. vivian and bobs watches made it painless and they were awesome. sarah marshall @sarahmarshallsl sold my rolex @bob's completely by mail. i was reluctant but it turned out great! marry johnson @marryjohnson4 bob's paid the most for my vintage rolex. mailed it in, got paid same day. javier rodriguez @javierr00497909 sold a rolex watch to @bobswatches and purchased 1 through them. they paid me a good price & i got paid by wire same day. sarah gurpet @sarahgurpet sold my watch to @bobswatches this week. thanks for the quick payment bob! airows @airows pepsi from @bobswatches, the best rolex shop in the game. this thing is a looker. pic.twitter.com/glammqct2f what you get when you shop at bob’s watches bob’s watches is the largest and most trusted name in pre-owned luxury watches and jewelry including rolex, patek phillippe, panerai, cartier, tiffany and more. founded in 1999, bob's has become the ultimate destination for consumers looking to buy, sell, or trade certified pre-owned rolex watches, attaining a bbb a+ rating, 5/5 stars in ekomi, and has been quoted and featured in the los angeles times, forbes, inc magazine, internet retailer and the oc register. click here to learn more on how to sell a rolex. the company is pleased to inventory the finest collection of certified pre-owned and slightly used vintage and modern rolex watches, as well as a select assortment of models from some of the most revered names in luxury timepieces, including patek philippe, cartier, and panerai. in addition, we offer high end antique estate jewelry and gia certified diamonds at up to 50% off normal prices.  click here to learn more about the company, rolex, and its rich history.   all watches are restored using established authorized repair shops with genuine rolex parts. about rolex rolex watches are synonymous with style, elegance, and sophistication. from its humble beginnings in london in 1905, to becoming one of the most revered brand names in the world, rolex has and will always remain in the upper echelon of luxury timepieces. wearing one of these beautifully-designed wristwatches exudes a certain kind of style and grace unmatched in the watchmaking industry. few other brand names are enamored on such a broad scope, or so universally treasured on such an international scale. from the coveted vintage rolex collection to the modern rolex references such as the rolex submariner or the rolex datejust, there is a model to fit every style. an investment, status symbol & family heirloom everyone deserves their chance to shine, and accentuating your lifestyle with one of the many pre-owned pieces we have in our collection is an investment that not only transcends time, but maintains its integrity and sustains value far past tastes and trends. both mens rolex watches and women’s rolex watches have become treasured family timepieces that have been passed down from generation to generation. looking for something special? we now offer a unique collection of fine authentic vintage rolex watches and invite you to browse the ever changing selection. vintage rolex watches have become increasingly popular and values have spiked these past several years.  our resident vintage rolex expert paul altieri has been an avid collector and watch enthusiast since 1980 and can be reached on the vintage rolex forums at [email protected]. best prices browse our online collection for the accessory that fits your budget and lifestyle. our selection is vast but singular in quality and affordability. bob’s strenuous process ensures the highest quality of used rolex watches, loose diamonds and estate jewelry. by focusing on luxury and integrity, our in-house experts can help pinpoint the exact specifications of our customers and guide them towards a piece that perfectly balances style, sophistication, and timeliness. the rest is up to the onlookers. the company consistently ranks as the "best place to buy a rolex". our selection we have an ever-evolving selection of men and women’s rolex models, with some representing modern timepiece aesthetics, and others bearing more spirited vintage design ethos – a category that has increased quite significantly in terms of value and popularity over the last several years. along with a wide selection of new and used models for purchase, bob’s watches is the most trusted destination to sell vintage and contemporary rolex watches at full market value. our rolex serial numbers chart look-up tool (click here) helps owners learn when a specific piece was manufactured, and by filling out and submitting the form on our sell rolex page, viewers can get exact estimations on models in question. in addition, our youtube video helps visitors learn “how to spot a fake rolex.” authentic luxury jewelry we pride ourselves on buying and selling nothing but genuine, 100% authentic timepieces. our in-house watch experts check and certify the authenticity of each and every piece so that customers are guaranteed to be purchasing a 100% real and genuine product. and to best accommodate our clients we go to great lengths to ensure we curate a selection that falls within their budget, while still focusing on pieces that can truly enhance a lifestyle. we strive to help each client find what they are looking for.  from two tone datejust watches to gold date date timepieces, we keep a large inventory on hand to ensure the best possible selection.  some of our most popular watches include: rolex submariner rolex datejust rolex president rolex daytona rolex gmt rolex explorer rolex sea dweller rolex yacht-master rolex airking rolex milgauss rolex cellini selling your pre-owned watch if you wish to sell a pre-owned rolex model, customers can be rest assured that confidentiality, safety and security, and privacy protection is paramount to bob’s watches. we take the utmost care and consideration when entrusted to handle such a high-caliber investment, and will do all we can to deliver an exceptional customer service experience. for over 5 years, bob's has been rated the "best place to sell a rolex". huge selection from a trusted name as the most trusted name in luxury watches, with the largest inventory on-hand and ready for immediate sale, bob's watches is the foremost destination to find the best in authentic, pre-owned luxury accessories. so whether on the hunt for a new pre-owned rolex ceramic no date submariner, a vintage rolex paul newman daytona, a gia certified loose diamond, or a tiffany engagement ring, bob’s is your primary source to find the best-of-the-best in pre-owned luxury goods at unbeatable prices. join our mailing list about bob's authenticity pledge buyers protection plan bob's watches reviews press bob's watches wikipedia contact us faq mon - fri 9am - 5pm (pst)have a question? (800) 494-3708 © 2016 bob's watches terms & conditions privacy consignor terms select a modelrolex submarinerrolex daytonarolex presidentrolex daterolex gmt-masterrolex milgaussrolex explorerrolex air-kingrolex sea-dwellerrolex yachtmasterrolex cellinirolex sky-dwellerladies rolexmens used rolexrolex watches company info authenticity pledge buyers protection plan about bob's bob's watches reviews press bob's rolex usa bob's watches wikipedia services & support find it for me terms & conditions privacy policy consignor terms contact us faq resources rolex buying & selling sell your rolex how to sell used rolex prices pre-owned rolex rolex serial numbers shipping & returns u.s. shipping international shipping returns are you on the list? mon - fri 9am - 5pm (pst)   |   have a question? (800) 494-3708 copyright bob's watches. all rights reserved. bob's watches is not affiliated with rolex s.a., rolex usa, or any of its subsidiaries. bob's watches is an independent watch dealer and is not sponsored by, associated with and/or affiliated with rolex, s.a. bob's watches sells pre-owned rolex watches and provides its own warranties on the watches it sells. rolex, www.rolex.com, is under no obligation to warranty-service watches sold by bob's watches. rolex datejust, rolex day date president, submariner, presidential, explorer, sea dweller, super president, gmt master, gmt, yachtmaster, prince, milgaus, masterpiece, air king, cosmograph daytona, and pearlmaster are all registered trademarks of the rolex corporation ( rolex usa, rolex s.a.) to buy a new rolex watch, please visit rolex.com for a list of authorized rolex dealers near you. career's at bobs   |   blog site map   |   site map ▲