来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20161106045929/https://www.bobswatches.com/about-rolex.html
================================================================================

rolex facts, history, and company info by bob's watches about rolex press blog cart contact us newsletter (800) 494-3708 15176 goldenwest st huntington beach, ca 92683 rolex submarinerrolex daytonarolex presidentrolex datejustrolex daterolex gmt-masterrolex milgaussrolex explorerrolex air-kingrolex sea-dwellerrolex yachtmasterrolex cellinirolex sky-dwellerladies rolexmens used rolex vintage rolex new arrivals luxury watches resources about us contact us condition grading sell a rolex buy a rolex used rolex jewelry home rolex watches save up to 50% on a rolex watch rolex submarinerrolex daytonarolex presidentrolex datejustrolex daterolex gmt-masterrolex milgaussrolex explorerrolex air-kingrolex sea-dwellerrolex yachtmasterrolex cellinirolex sky-dwellerladies rolexmens used rolex vintage rolex sell rolex used rolex new arrivals luxury watches bell & rossbreguetbreitlingcartieriwclonginesomegapaneraipatek philippetagheuertissottudorvacheron jewelry estate jewelry diamonds more watch resourceswatch repair servicethe exchange conceptrolex historyabout uswatch faqsrolex watch case sizesrolex condition grading select a modelbell & rossbreguetbreitlingcartieriwcjaeger lecoultrelonginesomegapaneraipatek philippetagheuertissottudorvacheronrolex submarinerrolex daytonarolex presidentrolex datejustrolex daterolex gmt-mastervintage rolexrolex milgaussrolex explorerrolex air-kingrolex sea-dwellerrolex yachtmasterrolex cellinirolex sky-dwellerladies rolexdatejustpresidentyacht-masterprice guiderolex booksused rolexcellinimens used rolexjewelryestate jewelrymothers day giftsrolex pearlmastervintage ladies rolexrolex midsizeholiday gift guide x bob's watches is dedicated to always offering the best value to our customers. we will match the price, at the time of purchase, on a low price guarantee product if you find the same item at a lower price at a designated major online retailer. here's how: if you find a qualifying lower price online, call 1-800-494-3708 and direct a customer service agent to the web site with the lower price. on qualifying products, bob's watches will then verify the current price to complete the price match. some exclusions apply. see the list of designated major online retailers and full details. * x you do not have to worry about additional taxes being added during checkout. the price you see is the price you pay. sales tax is only collected on orders shipped to addresses in the state of california. x free priority overnight shipping on all orders applies to u.s. orders only. unlike many other websites that have special rules and lots of fine print , bobswatches.com offers free shipping on all domestic orders placed on our website, with no minimum order size or special exceptions. just because shipping is free doesn’t mean it should take a long time. bobswatches.com understands that getting your item quickly is important to you, so we make every effort to process your order as quickly as possible. homeabout rolexabout rolex rolex sa is the leading luxury watch manufacturer in the world producing over 2,000 watches per day that generate sales of over $7 billion dollars each year. the swiss based company manufactures, services and distributes wristwatches under the rolex and tudor brand through authorized dealers.  it was founded in 1905 by hans wilsdorf and alfred davis in london, england and was recently ranked 57 on the worlds most powerful brands.  the original name of the company was wilsdorf and davis.  in 1919, operations were relocated to geneva, switzerland. the brand today competes with other leading luxury watch companies like patek philippe, omega, and panerai and sponsors many major sports events in tennis, golf, yachting, and racing. industry manufacturing watch produced 2,000 daily founded 1905 services offered repair and maintenance founders alfred davis, hans wilsdorf owned by wilsdorf foundation corporate headquarters geneva, switzerland employee count 2,800 ceo jean-frederic dufour website www.rolex.com the founding of rolex rolex was founded in 1902 by hans wilsdorf and his brother-in-law alfred davis as wilsdorf and davis. he founded the watch making company in london where they specialized in importing hermann aegler's quality movements and then placing them in quality watch cases made by companies such as dennison. the duo distributed the timepieces to jewelers that added their names to the wristwatches. some of the earliest watches produced were often stamped with "w&d" on the inside of the caseback. rolex brand is created 1908 was a big year for the company.  wilsdorf registered "rolex" as a trademark and opened their first switzerland office in la chaux-de-fonds.  it has been said that wilsdorf wanted his brand to be easy to pronounced in any language. the word "rolex" was also said to sound like a watch being wound according to wilsdorf. a rolex watch was awarded a class a precision certificate by the kew obervatory in 1914.  this was an exciting distinction considering that normally the award was given exclusively to marine chronometers. wartime taxes imposed on luxury items caused wilsdorf to leave england in 1919.  the levies on silver and gold, which were metals that were used in the production of rolex watches, became too costly. the rolex brand moved with wilsdorf settling down in geneva, switzerland as rolex watch company.  later the brand would become montres rolex, sa and finally rolex, sa. along with creating rolex, wilsdorf also founded the high-quality yet lower priced tudor brand of watches. this subsidiary company was founded in 1946. wilsdorf continued to grow both companies and produce quality and innovative timepieces until his death in 1960. the hans wilsdorf foundation in 1944, hans wilsdorf created the hans wilsdorf foundation after the death of his wife.  mr. wilsdorf left all of his shares to the foundation insuring that some of the companies income would go to good works. to this day the rolex company is still owned by a trust and is not publicly traded. innovations the rolex company has been in business since 1902 and has a long history of innovative and successful watch designs. rolex had many firsts including being the first company to offer a wristwatch that would automatically change the date and day on the dial, the first watch case that was waterproof up to 100 m, the first wristwatch to display two time zones at once and the first wristwatch to earn chronometer certification. some of the numerous innovations include: 1910 - the first wristwatch to receive the swiss certificate of chronometric precision 1926 - rolex had another breakthrough by inventing and producing the first waterproof wrist watch. from this watch was born the famous oyster collection which is still being produced today. 1945 - first watch to have an automatic date on the watch dial. 1954 - first timepiece to display two timezones 1956 - the day-date is born as first watch to display both day and date on dial 2012 - the first wristwatch to have a command bezel designed for multiple uses movements previous to 1931 rolex produced watches that required manual winding.  in 1931, however, a self-winding model was offered called the "bubbleback."  the watch used movement from the wearer's arm to drive the self-winding component.  the new self-winding technology not only made it more convenient but also made time keeping more reliable. during the late 1960's as well as 1970's the engineers at rolex were critical to the quartz movement technology. rolex collaborated with 16 manufacturers where they were eventually able to produce the beta 21 quartz movement, found in the rolex quartz date reference 5100.  continuing their efforts,within five years the clean-slate 5035/5055 movement was produced and used in the rolex oysterquartz. how many watches does rolex produce annually? contrôle officiel suisse des chronomètres (cosc) statistics reveal that rolex produces around 700,000 mechanical chronometers every year. watch models rolex currently produces rolex has produced countless watches over its long history. while some have been discontinued and are now considered vintage and collectible, other modern models are continuously developed and offered to the public. there are a wide range of rolex models that are geared towards specific types of wearers. for example, if you enjoy swimming and diving, the rolex submariner may be the best option for you. this model is specifically designed to withstand water pressure and remain accurate. if you enjoy racing, the rolex daytona is a better option. the daytona was specifically designed for racing enthusiasts and is even named after one of the most popular annual racing events. in rolex’s oyster collection they currently offer the following models: datejust datejust ii datejust lady 31 datejust pearlmaster 34 day-date day-date ii cosmograph daytona rolex deepsea explorer explorer ii gmt-master ii lady-datejust lady-datejust pearlmaster milgauss oyster perpetual sea-dweller 4000 submariner sky-dweller yacht-master yacht-master ii in rolex’s new cellini collection the following models are offered: cellini time cellini date cellini dual time cellini rolex prince brands many have only know rolex sa for their brand "rolex." what isn't obvious to everyone is that rolex sa also ownes and founded the brand tudor. tudor: since 1946, the tudor watch company has produced timepieces that are as reliable as rolex but at a less expensive price. the company manufactures their timepieces in montres tudor sa. rolex: rolex is the orignal brand founded in 1908 who is the ceo of rolex? the current ceo of rolex is jean-frederic dufour. this makes dufour the sixth rolex ceo in its long history. it is no surprise that rolex secured such a prominent professional as the ceo. dufour is both a friend and protégé of jean-claude biver, former ceo of hublot. he also served in senior roles in other watch companies including zenith and tag heuer. rolex headquarters while rolex was originally founded in london, in 1920 the company moved its headquarters to geneva, switzerland where the headquarters are still located to this day. despite the headquarters being located in europe, rolex watches are sold all over the world. the company employees about 2800 individuals and has a yearly revenue of about $7.4 billion. an overview of rolex rolex timepieces are the most reputable and renowned timepieces in the world today. invented by hans wilsdorf in 1908 and branded under the iconic rolex name in 1915, these watches epitomize timeless elegance and prestige among all luxury watches. along with being the first watch brand to pass the cosc, the official swiss chronometer testing institute, rolex was the leading innovator of waterproof watch cases, multiple timezone timekeeping, and the date feature on dials. rolex continues to expand their rolex lines by producing masterful and unrivaled timepieces including the rolex submariner, day-date president, cosmograph daytona, datejust, yacht-master, gmt-master ii, explorer, explorer ii, air-king, oysterdate, oyster perpetual, date, sea-dweller, deepsea, day-date ii, masterpiece, lady pearlmaster, lady-datejust, and lady-perpetual watch. each model has its own chracteristic and evokes a unique feeling of adventure, power, and success. with a variety of sizes, metals including gold, white gold, stainless steel, two-tone, and optional diamonds or mother of peal dial, the versatility of these timepieces are guaranteed to satisfy the most sophisticated tastes. rolex awards explore the rolex awardstimelineexplore 37 years of the rolex awards at a glance.  visual journeydiscover inspirational films and photographs.  vimeo channelfollow the rolex awards on vimeo. browse bob's rolex collection below datejust submariner explorer i & ii gmt-master ii president daytona yachtmaster air king sea-dweller milgauss vintage cellini sky-dweller ladies datejust ladies yachtmaster ladies president references wikipediarolex website about bob's authenticity pledge buyers protection plan bob's watches reviews press bob's watches wikipedia contact us faq © 2016 bob's watches terms & conditions privacy consignor terms select a modelrolex submarinerrolex daytonarolex presidentrolex daterolex gmt-masterrolex milgaussrolex explorerrolex air-kingrolex sea-dwellerrolex yachtmasterrolex cellinirolex sky-dwellerladies rolexmens used rolex company info authenticity pledge buyers protection plan about bob's bob's watches reviews press bob's rolex usa bob's watches wikipedia press/media services & support find it for me terms & conditions privacy policy consignor terms contact us faq resources rolex buying & selling sell your rolex how to sell used rolex prices pre-owned rolex rolex serial numbers shipping & returns u.s. shipping international shipping returns shipping info connect with us twitter facebook careers at bob's blog site map site map copyright bob's watches. all rights reserved. bob's watches is not affiliated with rolex s.a., rolex usa, or any of its subsidiaries. bob's watches is an independent watch dealer and is not sponsored by, associated with and/or affiliated with rolex, s.a. bob's watches sells pre-owned rolex watches and provides its own warranties on the watches it sells. rolex, www.rolex.com, is under no obligation to warranty-service watches sold by bob's watches. rolex datejust, rolex day date president, submariner, presidential, explorer, sea dweller, super president, gmt master, gmt, yachtmaster, prince, milgaus, masterpiece, air king, cosmograph daytona, and pearlmaster are all registered trademarks of the rolex corporation ( rolex usa, rolex s.a.) to buy a new rolex watch, please visit rolex.com for a list of authorized rolex dealers near you. scroll to top