来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20171028110740/https://www.bobswatches.com/reviews
================================================================================

reviews of bob's watches - read actual customer reviews & comments be exclusive! be the first to know aboutexclusive deals and new arrivals. about press contact us no sales tax* certified authentic low price guarantee cart empty cart? find your rolex no sales tax* certified authentic low price guarantee home sell a rolex rolex watches all rolex watches rolex submarinerrolex daytonarolex presidentrolex datejustrolex daterolex gmt-masterrolex milgaussrolex explorerrolex air-kingrolex sea-dwellerrolex yachtmasterrolex cellinirolex sky-dwellerladies rolexmens used rolexvintage rolex brands all brands audemars piguetbell & rossbreguetbreitlingcartieriwclonginesomegapaneraipatek philippetag heuertissottudorvacheron more watch resourceswatch repair servicethe exchange conceptrolex historyabout rolexwatch faqsrolex watch case sizesrolex condition grading advantages of buying a pre-owned rolex about rolex press rolex serial numbers rolex books jewelry new arrivals watch accessories rolex financing contact us blog / articles call us (800) 494-3708 home rolex watches save upto 35% rolex submarinerrolex daytonarolex presidentrolex datejustrolex daterolex gmt-masterrolex milgaussrolex explorerrolex air-kingrolex sea-dwellerrolex yachtmasterrolex cellinirolex sky-dwellerladies rolexmens used rolex vintage rolex sell rolex what's your watch worth? get a quote how how to sellhow the selling process workshow to trade inhow to value your watchhow to ship your watch why watches we buywhy choose bob's to sellwatch brands we sellwhy it's safer faq who is bob?how fast will i get paid?do you pay more?what is the pre-owned rolex exchange?is my selling info private? used rolex new arrivals luxury watches audemars piguetbell & rossbreguetbreitlingcartieriwclonginesomegapaneraipatek philippetag heuertissottudorvacheron blog more watch accessories rolex financing watch resourceswatch repair servicethe exchange conceptrolex historyabout rolexwatch faqsrolex watch case sizesrolex condition grading rolex books jewelry 15176 goldenwest st huntington beach, ca 92683 (800) 494-3708 x bob's watches is dedicated to always offering the best value to our customers. we will match the price, at the time of purchase, on a low price guarantee product if you find the same item at a lower price at a designated major online retailer. here's how: if you find a qualifying lower price online, call 1-800-494-3708 and direct a customer service agent to the web site with the lower price. on qualifying products, bob's watches will then verify the current price to complete the price match. purchase price shown is the cash wire price, and any payment method fees such as credit card fees, paypal fees, amazon fees, etc, will be added to the transaction total. prices may be higher if other payment methods are selected. some exclusions apply. see the list of designated major online retailers and full details. * x you do not have to worry about additional taxes being added during checkout. the price you see is the price you pay. sales tax is only collected on orders shipped to addresses in the state of california. x free priority overnight shipping on all orders applies to u.s. orders only. unlike many other websites that have special rules and lots of fine print , bobswatches.com offers free shipping on all domestic orders placed on our website, with no minimum order size or special exceptions. just because shipping is free doesn’t mean it should take a long time. bobswatches.com understands that getting your item quickly is important to you, so we make every effort to process your order as quickly as possible. bob'sreviews bob's watches reviews share your experience! we love hearing from you and pride ourselves in delivering the best experience for our dedicated rolex customers. read actual customer reviews, comments and experiences from thousands of customers who have bought or sold with bob’s watches over the years. complied here are consolidated reviews from the bobswatches.com site, yelp, google, bbb and ekomi. our bob's watches ekomi reviews have helped many fellow customers make knowledgeable choices about bob’s rolex watches with their unbiased live commentaries. take a few moments to learn more about bob’s and its products written by these customers below. they will inspire you as they do us! reviews from around the web ekomi reviews facebook reviews forum reviews bbb reviews write review about bob’s watches! show your support - leave a review today. jose p. from stevenson ranch, ca via: youtube basically, i was looking at the internet for good deals, and i believe that bob's watches had the best deals in town. so, i decided to come give them a try, and larry has helped me out tremedously. i selected myself a nice air-king, which i think is going to last me a lifetime. jason gould via: google bob's watches reviews excellent customer service. had the watch i wanted and it was in great condition. would definitely recommend bob's watches to friends and family. written by: jason gould bob's watches 5 / 5 stars craig stocker via: google service was excellent, i was stressing like crazy prior to entering store, but that was quickly diffused by the informal, relaxed, but professional environment. a great experience throughout, and i love the watch! larry gave such a personal service, which i really appreciated. thank you. craig. :). mark via: yahoo sold 3 rolex watches to bob s and purchased 1 through them. i would recommend them highly. their customer service was excellent. it was my pleasure to do business with them. add your own review! show your support - leave a review today. click to submit a new review… stuart l. greenbergdear paul, my experience with purchasing my latest rolex was excellent. i have now bought three rolex’s from you and sold you two (total of five transactions ) on line since march of this year, and it has always been a very pleasant experience. i have dealt with samantha berger for each transaction and she has been very professional, friendly, fair and knowledgeable. i love my rolex watches and appreciate what your firm does and how they do it. your company and it’s operation is a rarity in this day and age. it’s a pleasure doing business with you. thank youjohn p murtown a green submariner (hulk).best watch ever.getting another in the near future.12/25 2017.submariner gold and stainless,blue dialcity: sewell,nj.08080nathan ci'm so happy with the purchase of my rolex. the watch was in immaculate condition. the communication and shipping time was excellent. absolutely no regrets. thank you bobs watches for going above and beyond.city: auroraed campbellgreat experience! i sold one of my rolex watches here and then purchased another one. they deducted $1000 from the price shown on their website from my trade-in because they said that they would have to service the watch before they could sell it. i can get a rolex serviced for under $500 here so the $1000 deduction seemed a little excessive but i'm still happy because the watch that i purchased showed up next day and was in in mint condition. i felt that it was a good price for the new rolex which offset what they deducted from my trade-in . overall, i'm very satisfied and would definitely do business with them again.city: chesapeakepatcharai recently purchased rolex daytona white 116520 from bob. great customer service. i never expect to be the watch to be in the like new condition like it has shown on the website but it does. very happy with the price. would definite revisit the site again.chandai have dreamed of owning a rolex for years! i did a lot of research online, went into a rolex store and tried one on. the price in the store was so overpriced that i just couldn't see paying that amount. when my husband and i started looking online we found bobs watches. the reviews speak for themselves. i found one i loved so my husband bought it for me for our 15 year wedding anniversary. i am absolutely 100% a very happy customer. from the moment we purchased the watch the communication via email was instant and it was late at night. we chose the direct money wire and it worked perfectly. i received my very first rolex within 24 hours. it is absolutely beautiful and perfect. i will recommend bob's watches to anyone i can. thank you for helping me with a dream come true!city: euless, tx.thomas larkini have had my submariner for a year now and it looks like it just came out of the box, so reliable, i purchased sight unseen on the internet and cannot be more satisfied,city: palm beachjohn watsoni've purchased 2 watches from bob's and i would recommend them to anyone in the market for a pre-owned rolex. customer service is great!city: memphis, tn david j ambrosei wanted to sell my daytona and my initial plan was to sell it on ebay so i could get the "best price" even though i've seen how many watches go unsold on the site, and i've read the comments from people who sell their watches and the buyer doesn't pay. i didn't even consider selling my watch from one of the watch dealers who buy and sell because i assumed they would really low ball me. then i saw the ad by bobs and it they seemed legit. long story short, i called, they sent a prepaid fedex overnight box. i sent them my watch and the next day made an offer that was higher than i was going to ask for on ebay (and no 1100 dollars for fees to ebay and paypal) i will be both selling to, and buying from bobs in the future.city: po box 395tim lindsayi received my "new" yacht-master today and i have to say it is simply stunning...can't help gazing at it. it was meticulously prepared, packaged and presented as promised. frankly, i am speechless. i would like to extend my sincere thanks to the members of your team-carol, max, donna, megan and joe-who made my buying process simple and drama-free. your informative website, and unique and transparent "rolex exchange" process also gave me peace of mind. in choosing to purchase from you i was confident of getting a fair deal and excellent value. i will, without reservation, recommend bob's watches to all my friends in the market for a luxury timepiece.city: virginia beach, vagordon m.zoomi was nervous about buying my first rolex online. bob's came highly recommended by others as a trusted source for pre-owned rolex. i can't say enough about how professional they were. i contacted them several times with questions and they replied quickly. there was a minor issue with sizing that was quickly addressed and fixed. i will definitely buy from bob's again. fantastic customer service, outstanding high quality products. page 1 - page 2 - page 3 - page 4 - page 5 - page 6 - page 7 - page 8 >> showing items 1 - 11 of 244 total (page 1 of 23) select a modelrolex submarinerrolex daytonarolex presidentrolex datejustrolex daterolex gmt-masterrolex milgaussrolex explorerrolex air-kingrolex sea-dwellerrolex yachtmasterrolex cellinirolex sky-dwellerladies rolexdatejustpresidentyacht-mastermens used rolexcellinisky-dwelleraudemars piguetbell & rossbreguetbreitlingcartieriwcjaeger lecoultrejewelryestate jewelrylonginesomegapaneraipatek philippepiagetprice guiderolex booksrolex midsizerolex pearlmastertag heuertissottudorused rolexcellinisky-dwellervacheronvintage ladies rolexvintage rolexwatch accessories join our mailing list about bob's authenticity pledge buyers protection plan bob's watches reviews press bob's watches wikipedia contact us faq mon - fri 9am - 5pm (pst)have a question? (800) 494-3708 © 2017 bob's watches terms & conditions privacy consignor terms select a modelrolex submarinerrolex daytonarolex presidentrolex daterolex gmt-masterrolex milgaussrolex explorerrolex air-kingrolex sea-dwellerrolex yachtmasterrolex cellinirolex sky-dwellerladies rolexmens used rolexrolex watches company info authenticity pledge buyers protection plan about bob's bob's watches reviews press bob's rolex usa bob's watches wikipedia services & support find it for me terms & conditions privacy policy consignor terms contact us faq resources rolex buying & selling rolex financing sell your rolex how to sell used rolex prices pre-owned rolex rolex serial numbers rolex models shipping & returns u.s. shipping international shipping returns warranty are you on the list? mon - fri 9am - 5pm (pst)   |   have a question? (800) 494-3708 copyright bob's watches. all rights reserved. bob's watches is not affiliated with rolex s.a., rolex usa, or any of its subsidiaries. bob's watches is an independent watch dealer and is not sponsored by, associated with and/or affiliated with rolex, s.a. bob's watches only sells pre-owned rolex watches and provides its own warranties on the watches it sells. rolex, www.rolex.com, is under no obligation to warranty-service watches sold by bob's watches. rolex datejust, rolex day date president, submariner, presidential, explorer, sea dweller, super president, gmt master, gmt, yachtmaster, prince, milgaus, masterpiece, air king, cosmograph daytona, and pearlmaster are all registered trademarks of the rolex corporation ( rolex usa, rolex s.a.) to buy a new rolex watch, please visit rolex.com for a list of authorized rolex dealers near you.* sales tax on internet transactions is only collected on orders shipped to addresses in california or as otherwise required by law. careers at bobs   |   blog site map   |   site map ▲