来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20171028110740/https://www.bobswatches.com/rolex-watches/
================================================================================

rolex watches for sale – new, used & vintage men’s or ladies be exclusive! be the first to know aboutexclusive deals and new arrivals. about press contact us no sales tax* certified authentic low price guarantee cart empty cart? find your rolex no sales tax* certified authentic low price guarantee home sell a rolex rolex watches all rolex watches rolex submarinerrolex daytonarolex presidentrolex datejustrolex daterolex gmt-masterrolex milgaussrolex explorerrolex air-kingrolex sea-dwellerrolex yachtmasterrolex cellinirolex sky-dwellerladies rolexmens used rolexvintage rolex brands all brands audemars piguetbell & rossbreguetbreitlingcartieriwclonginesomegapaneraipatek philippetag heuertissottudorvacheron constantin more watch resourceswatch repair servicethe exchange conceptrolex historyabout rolexwatch faqsrolex watch case sizesrolex condition grading advantages of buying a pre-owned rolex about rolex press rolex serial numbers rolex books jewelry new arrivals watch accessories rolex financing contact us blog / articles call us (800) 494-3708 home rolex watches save upto 35% rolex submarinerrolex daytonarolex presidentrolex datejustrolex daterolex gmt-masterrolex milgaussrolex explorerrolex air-kingrolex sea-dwellerrolex yachtmasterrolex cellinirolex sky-dwellerladies rolexmens used rolex vintage rolex sell rolex what's your watch worth? get a quote how how to sellhow the selling process workshow to trade inhow to value your watchhow to ship your watch why watches we buywhy choose bob's to sellwatch brands we sellwhy it's safer faq who is bob?how fast will i get paid?do you pay more?what is the pre-owned rolex exchange?is my selling info private? used rolex new arrivals luxury watches audemars piguetbell & rossbreguetbreitlingcartieriwclonginesomegapaneraipatek philippetag heuertissottudorvacheron constantin blog more watch accessories rolex financing watch resourceswatch repair servicethe exchange conceptrolex historyabout rolexwatch faqsrolex watch case sizesrolex condition grading rolex books jewelry 15176 goldenwest st huntington beach, ca 92683 (800) 494-3708 bob'srolex watches rolex watches save up to 50% welcome to bob's watches, the most trusted name in pre-owned rolex watches from los angeles to new york, where you can buy and sell rolex watches at published market prices. view our complete collection of rolex submariner, daytona, president, datejust watches and much more. x bob's watches is dedicated to always offering the best value to our customers. we will match the price, at the time of purchase, on a low price guarantee product if you find the same item at a lower price at a designated major online retailer. here's how: if you find a qualifying lower price online, call 1-800-494-3708 and direct a customer service agent to the web site with the lower price. on qualifying products, bob's watches will then verify the current price to complete the price match. purchase price shown is the cash wire price, and any payment method fees such as credit card fees, paypal fees, amazon fees, etc, will be added to the transaction total. prices may be higher if other payment methods are selected. some exclusions apply. see the list of designated major online retailers and full details. * x you do not have to worry about additional taxes being added during checkout. the price you see is the price you pay. sales tax is only collected on orders shipped to addresses in the state of california. x free priority overnight shipping on all orders applies to u.s. orders only. unlike many other websites that have special rules and lots of fine print , bobswatches.com offers free shipping on all domestic orders placed on our website, with no minimum order size or special exceptions. just because shipping is free doesn’t mean it should take a long time. bobswatches.com understands that getting your item quickly is important to you, so we make every effort to process your order as quickly as possible. rolex datejust view collection rolex submariner view collection rolex president view collection rolex daytona view collection rolex gmt view collection rolex skydweller view collection rolex yachtmaster view collection rolex explorer view collection rolex seadweller view collection rolex cellini view collection vintage rolex view collection rolex milgauss view collection rolex airking view collection tudor view collection rolex date view collection midsize rolex view collection ladies datejust view collection ladies president view collection ladies yachtmaster view collection ladies pearlmaster view collection ladies vintage view collection view more rolex watches on page 2 the history of rolex watches rolex. for decades, the name has been synonymous with precision, elegance, and class. it is the fitting punctuation mark at the end of any successful career, the memento that is passed down from grandfather to father to son, and the only piece of jewelry to rival the engagement ring. sprung from the imagination of hans wilsdorf and alfred davis in 1908, rolex is regarded as the status symbol, a breathtaking display of prestige and power. rolex craftsmanship these handcrafted swiss timepieces, featuring the bejeweled face and the second hand that unmistakably sweeps without ever ticking, embody exquisite craftsmanship. more than a watch, the rolex is a long-term investment that will last decades and is known to appreciate in price over time. about the rolex watch collection the rolex brand currently produces about a dozen different oyster perpetual watch models. among the most timeless of the available models are: rolex submariner (+) the rolex oyster perpetual submariner. originally designed for diving and boasting an impressive maximum submergible depth of 300 meters, the submariner can be found on 007's wrist in 11 james bond movies. rolex president (+) the rolex president. also known as "el presidente," this is the day-date model – which was the first to display the day and date in its entirety – customized with the president bracelet. named for its first recipient, president dwight d. eisenhower. rolex date (+) the rolex oyster perpetual date gmt master. designed in collaboration with pan am airlines to be used by pilots and navigators, this model displays two time zones at once. before the days of gps, an accurate gmt source was a must for aviation planning, weather forecasts, and scheduling. rolex sea-dweller (+) the rolex oyster perpetual date sea-dweller. this line of watches, designed with professional divers in mind, is the most water resistant mechanical watch on the market. director james cameron affixed one to the dsv deepsea challenger as it made its dive into the deepest point of any ocean. rolex cellini (+) the rolex cellini. named for benvenuto cellini, a goldsmith and papal sculptor during the italian renasissance, this watch is a true classic. this perfect dress watch, which embodies nobility and elegance, is available in three different versions, cellini date, cellini time, and cellini dual time. rolex daytona (+) the rolex oyster perpetual cosmograph daytona. the archetype of the sport watch for racing drivers. the late legend paul newman received it as a gift from his wife in 1972 and would go on to wear it every day until his passing in 2008. rolex datejust (+) the rolex perpetual datejust. the first wristwatch to feature a date function, this model served as the basis for the submariner. chuck yeager was wearing the perpetual date-just when he broke the sound barrier in 1947. rolex gmt-master (+) the rolex oyster perpetual date gmt master. designed in collaboration with pan am airlines to be used by pilots and navigators, this model displays two time zones at once. before the days of gps, an accurate gmt source was a must for aviation planning, weather forecasts, and scheduling. rolex milgauss (+) the rolex oyster perpetual milgauss. this line of watches was designed as an antimagnetic watch for those who work in places where electromagnetic fields disrupt the timing mechanism of a watch, like research labs and power plants. from the latin words mille and gauss, this watch can withstand a magnetic flux density of 1,000 gauss. rolex air-king (+) the rolex air king. one of the longest continuously manufactured rolex models – and among the most affordable – the manually-wound “warrior watch” was created by wildorf to be used by the british royal air force during the 1930s. senator john mccain still proudly wears an air king. rolex yacht-master (+) the rolex yacht-master. first released in 1992, this line of sport watches is available in a lady’s model and is notable for being the first instance of rolex releasing a man’s model with smaller dimensions. rolex sky-dweller (+) the rolex sky-dweller. rolex released the sky-dweller in 2012. this line of watches is the first to offer both dual time zones and an annual calendar. the calendar only needs to be reset every fourth year to accommodate leap year. your trusted store for luxury watches bob's watches is the most trusted name in rolex from los angeles to new york (and don't forget the uk, australia & canada) where you can buy and sell at published market prices. we pride ourselves in superior customer care and maintain an a rating with the better business bureau. see what our happy clients have to say by visiting our testimonial page. the making of a perfect luxury watch rolex brand watches are typically made of stainless steel, but many styles offer more luxurious metals, like 18k yellow and white gold and even rose gold. there is also a line of two tone (stainless and gold) models available as well. rolex refers to this combination of metal as rolesor.  bezel and dial colors can include black, blue, green, white, and silver among others. men’s watches range in size from 34mm to 45mm, depending on the style. like their makeup, rolex watches also range in price. depending on the materials used (such as diamonds, gold, etc), year the watch was made, its model and its rarity, a rolex could sell for as little as a few thousand dollars to over $1.2 million for some rare vintage models certified pre-ownedwhy bob'spopular pages certified pre-owned rolex watches we are the leading online retailer of previously owned, vintage, unworn and pre-owned rolex watches for men and women and offer the largest, real inventory of certified used timepieces for sale. all wristwatches are guaranteed 100% authentic and most come with their original box and papers. each watch has been fully serviced and restored (as needed) to "as-new", perfect working condition with genuine rolex factory parts by an authorized repair facility. and each one is sold with a full one year warranty and your 100% satisfaction - guaranteed. when looking for unworn or used swiss made luxury rolex be sure to check out bob's watches first to find the best inventory at incredible value.  unlike large retailers that have many items in stock such as amazon, every watch on our site is one of a kind.  we list "new arrival" timepieces for sale on a daily basis, so be sure to check back often to get first dibs on newly listed wristwatches or secondhand models because they do go quickly. rolex daytona first introduced in 1963 and officially named after the daytona international speedway in florida, the rolex daytona is a racing chronograph designed for to meet the demands of professional race car drivers. the reliable chronograph tachymetric scale on the bezel allow drivers to accurately measure average speeds up to 400 kilometers. overall, there have been three series of daytona watches developed to date. the original series was produced from 1963 - 1988, at which time the second series was introduced with automatic winding. those five digit references were then produced up until 2000, when the third and most recent series was introduced, this time including a movement made in-house at rolex. but the daytona became best known as the paul newman rolex because of paul newman's interest in the sports watch. what makes bob’s different our principal objective is to create an open, online marketplace for people to buy and sell luxury watches in a safe and trustworthy environment by acting as a financial intermediary for buyers and sellers. there are no middlemen or watch dealers here at bobswatches.com, so customers can always be assured of a fair deal. a family owned business that puts you first what sets us apart is our attention to detail, customer service, and our transparent prices list. bob's watches is still a family owned business and prides itself on offering our customers the absolute best online shopping experience throughout the buying or selling process. all our products come with bob’s satisfaction guarantee: if you are not completely satisfied upon receipt, simply return the watch within 3 days and get a full refund on your payment. huge selection of watches for sale bob's works with individual sellers all over the globe to acquire the most sought after modern and vintage rolex watches in the world. we carry a full line of men's and ladies models ready for immediate sale and over-night delivery with the convenience of being able to buy online. we invite you to browse our vast inventory of watches listed by model name. help is just a call away if you have any questions, feel free to call us toll free at 800-494-3708. we'd be happy to speak with you and answer any questions you may have. if you have a model you would like to sell, such as a used submariner model watch, please give us a call or submit an inquiry here at our sell rolex form. popular content rolex info most shared pages sell my rolex used rolex watches vintage rolex watches for sale vintage rolex forum other luxury watches rolex faqs history rolex wiki rolex.com rolex guides ladies rolex watches rolex prices rolex model numbers rolex serial numbers watch resources watch financing new arrivals rolex submariner 116610 stainless steel band preowned rolex submariner 116613 black ceramic bezel mid-size rolex datejust 178273 white roman rolex datejust mid-size 68273 two tone jubilee authentic rolex submariner 114060 no date rolex - in the news the guardianpaul newman's rolex watch sells for record $17.8m | film | the ...the guardian - 11 hours agothe rolex cosmograph daytona wristwatch. the design became known as the 'paul newman watch' due to its association with the actor. photograph: ... new york postastorino owns a really nice rolex — but can't wear it amid probe ...new york post - 23 hours agodepending on who you ask, westchester county executive rob astorino is the owner of a fancy submariner rolex that cost either $1960 or $10000. either way,. nascartwo-time f1 champion fernando alonso to compete in rolex 24nascar - 2 days agotwo-time formula one world champion fernando alonso will be competing alongside the world's best sports car drivers in the rolex 24 at daytona international speedway's road course on jan. 27-28, 2018, the united autosports team announced thursday. more news for rolex join our mailing list about bob's authenticity pledge buyers protection plan bob's watches reviews press bob's watches wikipedia contact us faq mon - fri 9am - 5pm (pst)have a question? (800) 494-3708 © 2017 bob's watches terms & conditions privacy consignor terms select a modelrolex submarinerrolex daytonarolex presidentrolex daterolex gmt-masterrolex milgaussrolex explorerrolex air-kingrolex sea-dwellerrolex yachtmasterrolex cellinirolex sky-dwellerladies rolexmens used rolexrolex watches company info authenticity pledge buyers protection plan about bob's bob's watches reviews press bob's rolex usa bob's watches wikipedia services & support find it for me terms & conditions privacy policy consignor terms contact us faq resources rolex buying & selling rolex financing sell your rolex how to sell used rolex prices pre-owned rolex rolex serial numbers rolex models shipping & returns u.s. shipping international shipping returns warranty are you on the list? mon - fri 9am - 5pm (pst)   |   have a question? (800) 494-3708 copyright bob's watches. all rights reserved. bob's watches is not affiliated with rolex s.a., rolex usa, or any of its subsidiaries. bob's watches is an independent watch dealer and is not sponsored by, associated with and/or affiliated with rolex, s.a. bob's watches only sells pre-owned rolex watches and provides its own warranties on the watches it sells. rolex, www.rolex.com, is under no obligation to warranty-service watches sold by bob's watches. rolex datejust, rolex day date president, submariner, presidential, explorer, sea dweller, super president, gmt master, gmt, yachtmaster, prince, milgaus, masterpiece, air king, cosmograph daytona, and pearlmaster are all registered trademarks of the rolex corporation ( rolex usa, rolex s.a.) to buy a new rolex watch, please visit rolex.com for a list of authorized rolex dealers near you.* sales tax on internet transactions is only collected on orders shipped to addresses in california or as otherwise required by law. careers at bobs   |   blog site map   |   site map scroll to top