来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20181213151650/https://www.bobswatches.com/about-us
================================================================================

specialists in vintage rolex, used and new - about bob's watches shop black friday • save up to $400 • 0% financing shop black friday • save up to $400 • 0% financing about press contact us certified authentic low price guarantee sign in cart empty cart? find your rolex certified authentic low price guarantee home sell a rolex rolex watches all rolex watches rolex submarinerrolex daytonarolex presidentrolex datejustrolex daterolex gmt-masterrolex milgaussrolex explorerrolex air-kingrolex sea-dwellerrolex yachtmasterrolex cellinirolex sky-dwellerladies rolexused rolexvintage rolex luxury watches more used rolex prices rolex serial numbers about us faqs watch resourcesrolex repair servicethe exchange conceptrolex historyabout rolexrolex watch case sizesrolex condition grading advantages of buying a pre-owned rolex press rolex books jewelry new arrivals auctions watch accessories rolex financing contact us blog / articles call us (800) 494-3708 home rolex watches save upto 35% rolex submarinerrolex daytonarolex presidentrolex datejustrolex daterolex gmt-masterrolex milgaussrolex explorerrolex air-kingrolex sea-dwellerrolex yachtmasterrolex cellinirolex sky-dwellerladies rolexmens used rolex vintage rolex sell rolex get your rolex price sell your rolex ( we pay more, guaranteed! ) ship your rolex watch get a box learn how it works › how how to sellhow the selling process workshow to trade inhow to value your watchhow to ship your watch why watches we buywhy choose bob's to sellwatch brands we sellwhy it's safer faq who is bob?how fast will i get paid?do you pay more?what is the pre-owned rolex exchange?is my selling info private? used rolex new arrivals luxury watches now featuring view all luxury watches › rolex oris tudor omega panerai piaget breitling cartier zenith patek philippe audemars piguet iwc tag heuer vacheron constantin jaeger-lecoultre auctions blog more used rolex prices rolex serial numbers watch accessories rolex financing faqs watch resourcesrolex repair servicethe exchange conceptrolex historyabout rolexrolex watch case sizesrolex condition grading rolex books jewelry 1900 quail st, newport beach, ca 92660 (800) 494-3708 shop black friday shop black friday • save up to $400 • 0% financing home watches sell a rolex rolex rolex rolex watches rolex submarinerrolex daytonarolex presidentrolex datejustrolex gmt-masterrolex milgaussrolex explorerrolex air-kingrolex sea-dwellerrolex yachtmasterrolex cellinirolex sky-dwellerladies rolexused rolexrolex models vintage rolex new arrivals auctions watch accessories rolex financing luxury watches luxury watches all luxury watches rolex oris tudor omega panerai piaget breitling cartier zenith patek philippe audemars piguet iwc tag heuer vacheron constantin jaeger-lecoultre learn bob's rolex blog more more used rolex pricesrolex serial numbersabout bob's watchesin the pressabout rolex sajewelryrolex booksrolex condition gradingrolex historyrolex watch case sizesthe exchange conceptwatch faqswatch repair servicewatch resources account sign in your cart contact us (800) 494-3708 bob's watches bob's watches is the world's first and only pre-owned rolex exchange where consumers can buy, sell, and trade vintage and used rolex watches at true fair market value. we openly publish the current buy and sell values for each rolex model allowing us to serve as an online marketplace for buyers and sellers looking, quite simply, to get the best deal. we are devoted exclusively to only used rolex watches, including vintage and antique timepieces, and pride ourselves in obtaining the very best results possible for our customers. our business philosophy is built on trust and integrity and in a very short time we have become the leading online destination for used rolex watches and vintage rolex expertise. and unlike other online watch companies, bob’s carries an actual inventory of watches. every watch on our site is in stock ready for sale. for more information about bob's watches, see our wikipedia page. customer service is our main mission unlike many companies in search of maximizing a profit, our primary goal at bob’s watches is to create a trusted source to buy and sell pre-owned rolex watches. ensuring a positive experience for you is our primary mission. all of our certified, authentic rolex watches have been carefully serviced and restored to mint condition. and while our business has grown rapidly over the past years, we hold strong to our commitment of offering the highest quality customer service. bob’s watches is accredited by the better business bureau with an a+ rating. the pre-owned rolex exchange buyers all buyers are looking to purchase a genuine rolex from a trusted reseller at the best price. to that end, we encourage our buyers to shop us on google shopping to discover how good our pricing really is. quick view rolex president 118238white dial, index markersrolex box & papers, 2000 $16,995 $14,500 sell sellers rolex sellers have just one simple goal: to receive a fair price for their watch from a trusted buyer who will pay them in a timely manner. since we post our buy and sell prices openly on the site, sellers can be assured they are getting full market value. payment is wired the same day. mission statement & service culture admired but not easily replicated, bob’s is firmly grounded in our founding principles – in who we are and what our mission is. our goals and principles are guided by our devotion to creating the most trusted name in pre-owned rolex watches. bob’s watches is based in newport beach, california. 100% authenticity guaranteed all watches are 100% authentic with rolex factory parts. customer service our #1 goal is to make customers feel comfortable buying, selling, or trading their luxury items. $ transparency we publish the buy and sell prices for all watches to honor the fair market vaue for all products on our website. for more information, please call (800) 494-3708 the leadership paul altieri founder & ceo paul is the company's founder and ceo and one of the world's top rolex experts. he is responsible for all the day to day activities from purchasing, receiving, marketing and sales. paul now spends time focusing on the strategic vision of the company and overseeing customer service needs. paul is a graduate of boston college 1979 and resides in california with his family. favorite watch: rolex gmt-master ii 116710 joe alessandrini chief financial officer as cfo of the company, joe is responsible for leading the finance and legal teams. he also manages the growth of the sales network and the operations required in supporting sales and purchase transactions. with his background in business and finance, along with his personal fascination with rolex watches, joe consistently steers the company in the right direction on a daily basis. favorite watch: rolex no date submariner 114060 carol altieri chief operations officer as coo carol is responsible for the internal operations of the company; overseeing sales staff, human resources, as well as product pricing and management. carol continually creates and implements policies to stay ahead of growth while continuing to enhance the company's reputation as well as improve client relations by developing and executing strategies which increase the quality of customer service. carol worked in the film industry prior to bob’s watches and lives in orange county with paul and their two children. favorite watch: zenith daytona gold 16528 matt dimock director of digital marketing specializing in seo, matt leads the strategy and implementation of all aspects of internet marketing, design, development, it and software needs with over a decade of experience. having worked at inc 500 & 5000 marketing agencies prior, as well as running his own marketing consulting company, his experience in helping companies establish and improve their brand ranges across various business sizes and industries. favorite watch: vintage rolex gmt master 1675 gilt dial the team sam berger vintage rolex specialist favorite watch: vintage rolex daytona 6263 justin morton photographer favorite watch: rolex milgauss 116400gv max berger sales representative favorite watch: submariner 16613 slate serti larry mendel service manager favorite watch: explorer ii 16570 black dial laura cohen sales representative favorite watch: rolex submariner 116610 megan morse senior accountant favorite watch: rolex ladies datejust sarah martin sales representative favorite watch: rolex submariner no date 14060 ashley delgadillo sales representative favorite watch: datejust 126331 sundust dial david hong marketing associate favorite watch: rolex coke gmt-master 16760 san nghiem customer service rep favorite watch: rolex daytona 116500 nate hadinata ux/ui designer favorite watch: rolex black & yellow president cindy ly accountant favorite watch: rolex pyramid dial president marcy kikukawa data entry specialist favorite watch: everose yacht-master 268655 anjie petris sales representative favorite watch: rolex daytona 116505 tom hung sales representative favorite watch: rolex daytona 116515 sam torrez administrative assistant favorite watch: rolex date 15037 josh islas inbound marketing manager favorite watch: vintage rolex "double red" sea-dweller 1665 harry tran watchmaker favorite watch: sea-dweller deepsea 116660 spencer lamoure marketing intern favorite watch: omega speedmaster moonwatch greg greiner cofounder favorite watch: rolex pepsi gmt 16710 join our team what people are saying about bob's watches 5/5 excellent bob’s watches was great to deal with for the purchase of my rolex. it was very easy to select and buy and the financing option with affirm was simple. overall, i am very happy and recommend them. november 23, 2018 5/5 excellent outstanding customer service and purchasing experience. november 22, 2018 5/5 excellent so easy to.work with november 22, 2018 5/5 excellent i found the watch that i wanted to purchase during the weekend. i completed the transaction online other than the payment, that was to be a wire transfer. on monday afternoon i went to my bank and had the funds wired... november 21, 2018 5/5 excellent excellent service...excellent product november 19, 2018 5/5 excellent lower prices,,,,,lol november 18, 2018 5/5 excellent great service will shop with bobs wacbes again. november 18, 2018 5/5 excellent everything about this transaction was superb. the description of the watch was flawless. if anything, the watch's condition exceeded my expectations. the shipping was secure and the watch arrived the next day. i could not imagine a better, smoother transaction for... november 17, 2018 5/5 excellent i have purchased 2 rolex watches from bob’s and i couldn’t be more happier. thanks for the top quality! november 17, 2018 5/5 excellent satisfied its my second purchased november 17, 2018 "bob's watches - one of the internet's biggest (and best) secondhand rolex marketplaces." "nothing beats the old-school cool factor of a collectible vintage rolex" "unlike competitors, bob's watches openly publishes the sale price..." "one of the largest watch trading sites." "in the benighted world of watch retail, bob’s is basically google." fox business bob's watches ceo paul altieri offers tips for buying a pre-owned rolex... watch the videobloomberg how to win a $190,000 rolex at auction and pay no buyer’s premium... continue readinghodinkee see what hodinkee has to say about the bob's watches box & papers online auction... continue readingbusiness insider this online rolex marketplace brings much-needed transparency to the resale and trade of high-end watches — here's how it works... continue readingesquire for one week, you can bid on some incredible vintage watches online. bob's watches wants to take back the watch auction... continue readingthe new york times in a world where money increases a purchasers buying power, the new cosmograph daytona exceeds these standards. it has perhaps become the most anticipated and unattainable watch in the current rolex market. read the new york times full story...continue readingcnn rolex believed to have belonged to steve mcqueen up for auction... continue readingrobb report the prestigious publication robb report sat down with our founder & ceo, paul altieri, to discuss how he first found his passion for collecting vintage rolex watches... continue readinglos angeles times the los angeles times brings attention to some of the more notable rolex models that have been made popular by big screen appearances, and how some rolex watches in particular appreciate in value...continue readingwall street journal "in a collection of luxury timepieces, one rolex stands out." - learn more about a very special timepiece that made its way into paul altieri's collection, becoming one of his favorite rolex timepieces. read the interesting story at the wall street journal...continue reading join the community bobswatches the latest in rolex news rolex news a gift guide for watch lovers november 24, 2018 read more rolex news rolex sponsored the rolex middle sea race november 23, 2018 read more rolex news throwing it back to rolex watches with engine-turned bezels november 23, 2018 read more view all articles contact us contact bob's if you're looking to sell your watch click here. for any other inquiry please fill out the form below or call us at (800) 494-3708. name: *phone: email address: *message: upload an image: store address: bob's watches1900 quail st. newport beach, ca 92660(800) 494-3708 business hours are from 9am - 5pm monday through friday and closed on weekends. to purchase a watch, appointments are requested so please call 800-494-3708. you do not need an appointment to sell a watch. join our mailing list about bob's authenticity pledge buyers protection plan bob's watches reviews press bob's watches wikipedia contact us faq mon - fri 9am - 5pm (pst)have a question? (800) 494-3708 © 2018 bob's watches terms & conditions privacy consignor terms select a modelrolex submarinerrolex daytonarolex presidentrolex daterolex gmt-masterrolex milgaussrolex explorerrolex air-kingrolex sea-dwellerrolex yachtmasterrolex cellinirolex sky-dwellerladies rolexmens used rolexrolex watches company info careers authenticity pledge buyers protection plan about bob's bob's watches reviews press bob's rolex usa bob's watches wikipedia services & support find it for me terms & conditions privacy policy consignor terms contact us faq resources about rolex buying & selling rolex financing sell your rolex how to sell used rolex prices rolex serial numbers rolex models shipping & returns u.s. shipping international shipping returns warranty are you on the list? mon - fri 9am - 5pm (pst)   |   have a question? (800) 494-3708 copyright bob's watches. all rights reserved. bob's watches is not affiliated with rolex s.a., rolex usa, or any of its subsidiaries. bob's watches is an independent watch dealer and is not sponsored by, associated with and/or affiliated with rolex, s.a. bob's watches only sells pre-owned rolex watches and provides its own warranties on the watches it sells. rolex, www.rolex.com, is under no obligation to warranty-service watches sold by bob's watches. rolex datejust, rolex day date president, submariner, presidential, explorer, sea dweller, super president, gmt master, gmt, yachtmaster, prince, milgauss, masterpiece, air king, cosmograph daytona, and pearlmaster are all registered trademarks of the rolex corporation ( rolex usa, rolex s.a.) to buy a new rolex watch, please visit rolex.com for a list of authorized rolex dealers near you.* sales tax on internet transactions is only collected on orders shipped to addresses in california or as otherwise required by law. blog site map   |   site map scroll to top