来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20181213151650/https://www.bobswatches.com/terms-and-conditions
================================================================================

terms & conditions - bob's watches shop black friday • save up to $400 • 0% financing shop black friday • save up to $400 • 0% financing about press contact us certified authentic low price guarantee sign in cart empty cart? find your rolex certified authentic low price guarantee home sell a rolex rolex watches all rolex watches rolex submarinerrolex daytonarolex presidentrolex datejustrolex daterolex gmt-masterrolex milgaussrolex explorerrolex air-kingrolex sea-dwellerrolex yachtmasterrolex cellinirolex sky-dwellerladies rolexused rolexvintage rolex luxury watches more used rolex prices rolex serial numbers about us faqs watch resourcesrolex repair servicethe exchange conceptrolex historyabout rolexrolex watch case sizesrolex condition grading advantages of buying a pre-owned rolex press rolex books jewelry new arrivals auctions watch accessories rolex financing contact us blog / articles call us (800) 494-3708 home rolex watches save upto 35% rolex submarinerrolex daytonarolex presidentrolex datejustrolex daterolex gmt-masterrolex milgaussrolex explorerrolex air-kingrolex sea-dwellerrolex yachtmasterrolex cellinirolex sky-dwellerladies rolexmens used rolex vintage rolex sell rolex get your rolex price sell your rolex ( we pay more, guaranteed! ) ship your rolex watch get a box learn how it works › how how to sellhow the selling process workshow to trade inhow to value your watchhow to ship your watch why watches we buywhy choose bob's to sellwatch brands we sellwhy it's safer faq who is bob?how fast will i get paid?do you pay more?what is the pre-owned rolex exchange?is my selling info private? used rolex new arrivals luxury watches now featuring view all luxury watches › rolex oris tudor omega panerai piaget breitling cartier zenith patek philippe audemars piguet iwc tag heuer vacheron constantin jaeger-lecoultre auctions blog more used rolex prices rolex serial numbers watch accessories rolex financing faqs watch resourcesrolex repair servicethe exchange conceptrolex historyabout rolexrolex watch case sizesrolex condition grading rolex books jewelry 1900 quail st, newport beach, ca 92660 (800) 494-3708 shop black friday shop black friday • save up to $400 • 0% financing home watches sell a rolex rolex rolex rolex watches rolex submarinerrolex daytonarolex presidentrolex datejustrolex gmt-masterrolex milgaussrolex explorerrolex air-kingrolex sea-dwellerrolex yachtmasterrolex cellinirolex sky-dwellerladies rolexused rolexrolex models vintage rolex new arrivals auctions watch accessories rolex financing luxury watches luxury watches all luxury watches rolex oris tudor omega panerai piaget breitling cartier zenith patek philippe audemars piguet iwc tag heuer vacheron constantin jaeger-lecoultre learn bob's rolex blog more more used rolex pricesrolex serial numbersabout bob's watchesin the pressabout rolex sajewelryrolex booksrolex condition gradingrolex historyrolex watch case sizesthe exchange conceptwatch faqswatch repair servicewatch resources account sign in your cart contact us (800) 494-3708 low price guarantee x bob's watches is dedicated to always offering the best value to our customers. we will match the price, at the time of purchase, on a low price guarantee product if you find the same item at a lower price at a designated major online retailer. here's how: if you find a qualifying lower price online, call 1-800-494-3708 and direct a customer service agent to the web site with the lower price. on qualifying products, bob's watches will then verify the current price to complete the price match. purchase price shown is the cash wire price, and any payment method fees such as credit card fees, paypal fees, amazon fees, etc, will be added to the transaction total. prices may be higher if other payment methods are selected. some exclusions apply. see the list of designated major online retailers and full details. free overnight delivery x free priority overnight shipping on all orders applies to u.s. orders only. unlike many other websites that have special rules and lots of fine print , bobswatches.com offers free shipping on all domestic orders placed on our website, with no minimum order size or special exceptions. just because shipping is free doesn’t mean it should take a long time. bobswatches.com understands that getting your item quickly is important to you, so we make every effort to process your order as quickly as possible. bob'sterms & conditions welcome to bob's watches terms and conditions. please read the below documents carefully before using our site, services, applications or products ("services"). terms & conditions please read this carefully before using our site, services, applications or products ("services"). this is a legally binding contract between you and bob's watches. by using the services you agree to the following terms and conditions, as well as bob's watches return policy, privacy notice, consignor terms, auction terms, and the domestic and international shipping terms. your use of the services constitutes acceptance the terms and conditions. if you do no accept these terms, please do not use the services. bob’s watches terms of use and legal restrictions (“terms”). use of services bob’s watches, authorizes you to view and download the materials from our website, services, app, applications or products, ("services") which contain, without limitation, information, data, text, photographs, videos, audio clips, written posts, comments, software, scripts, graphics (“content”) only for your personal, non-commercial use, and only if you leave all copyright and other proprietary notices contained in the original materials on any copies of the materials. you may not modify the materials from the services in any way or reproduce or publicly display, perform, or distribute or otherwise use them for any public or commercial purpose. any use of these materials on any other website, application or networked computer environment for any purpose is prohibited. the materials contained within the services are copyrighted. any unauthorized use of any materials contained within the services may violate copyright, trademark, and other laws. if you breach any of these terms, your authorization to use the services automatically terminates and you must immediately destroy any downloaded or printed materials. services license as a user of the services you are granted a nonexclusive, nonsublicensable, nontransferable, revocable, limited license to access and use the services and content in accordance with these terms. bob’s watches may terminate this license at any time for any reason. limitations on use the content on the services is for personal use only and not for commercial exploitation. you may not decompile, reverse engineer, disassemble, rent, lease, loan, sell, sub-license, or create derivative works from the services or the content. nor may you use any network monitoring or discovery software to determine the site architecture, or extract information about usage or users. you may not use any robot, spider, other automatic device, or manual process to monitor or copy our services or the content without bob’s watches prior written permission. you may not copy, modify, reproduce, republish, distribute, display, or transmit for commercial, non-profit or public purposes all or any portion of the services, except to the extent permitted above. you may not use or otherwise export or re-export the services or any portion thereof, the content or any software available on or through the services in violation of the export control laws and regulations of the united states of america. any unauthorized use of the services or its content is prohibited. you may not use data retrieved from this services to solicit users. prices & payment method fees purchase prices shown is the cash wire price and any payment method fees such as credit card fees, paypal fees, amazon fees, etc, will be added to the transaction total. bob's watches is not affiliated with amazon, paypal, affirm, or any other third party. sell rolex terms & conditions please note the following: customer hereby acknowledges and understands that the initial purchase offer estimate from bob’s watches is a preliminary estimate only based on other similar watches we have bought and sold in the recent past. these market prices are subject to change without notice and we reserve the right to make changes as necessary to reflect market conditions. this offer estimate represents the highest possible price we could pay you for your watch if it is in perfect salable condition, in need of no repairs or services as outlined below. such restoration services are needed to place the watch in "like new" salable condition. all estimates are for watches that have their original box and papers and have all the links for the bracelets. these costs are then deducted from the original estimate to arrive at a firm purchase offer. see link here to read full sell rolex terms & conditions. advertising all ads stating that prices are up to a certain percent off pertain to the full retail price of a new watch. for instance, if an ad says "up to 35% off" this means that our price is up to 35% less than what the full retail price of a new watch would be. sales tax * * sales tax on internet transactions is only collected on orders shipped to addresses in california or as otherwise required by law. user submissions other than personally identifiable information, which is covered under the bob’s watches privacy policy, any material, information or other communication you transmit or post to the services will be considered public communications ("communications"). users retain ownership and/or other applicable rights to their communications. you agree to grant bob’s watches and its designees an irrevocable, non-exclusive, perpetual, worldwide, transferable, sublicensable, royalty-free license to your communications. bob’s watches and its designess will be free to copy, disclose, distribute, incorporate and otherwise use the communications and all data, images, sounds, text, and other things embodied therein for any and all commercial or non-commercial purposes. bob’s watches has no obligations with respect to the use or disclosure of the communications and bob’s watches has the right to remove any communications at any time, with or without notice to you. you also represent and warrant that you: hold all necessary right, title and license to any communications to us; have not violated any rights of third parties; and, that your communications are accurate, complete, up-to-date and not misleading. you are prohibited from posting or transmitting to or from the services any unlawful, threatening, libelous, defamatory, obscene, pornographic, or other material that would violate any law. agreement to receive electronic communications: this disclosure provides important information required by rules governing electronic records and signatures and federal and state laws. read this notice carefully. by using this website, contact forms, and the sell rolex form submission, it indicates that you accept all terms and conditions as stated herein and consent to receive electronic communications including but not limited to email, text messaging ( sms and mms ), telephone, etc. bob’s watches uses electronic communications means to communicate between you and the company whether you have visited the site, sent us an email, submitted a form, or bought or sold us a watch. for contractual purposes, you a) consent to receive communications from bob’s in an electronically; and b) agree that all terms and conditions, disclosures, agreements, notices, and any other electronic communication that the company provides or uses satisfy any and all legal requirements as if presented in written form. the preceding does not affect any of your non-waivable rights. email newsletter sign up terms any discount coupon based on sign-up expires 30 days from date you signed up for the newsletter or offer. coupons have no cash value, may not be combined with any other coupons or discounts, are and are valid for website purchases only at www.bobswatches.com online checkout. any promo code (“code”) for $100 is valid only for purchases over $2,000. any codes for $200 are valid only for purchases over $4,000. any codes for $400 are valid only for purchases over $15,000. these codes can be redeemed only at bobswatches.com for one-time use only. code has no cash value, may not be combined with any other offers or promotions, will not be replaced if lost, and cannot be transferred or resold. if any fees included are more than maximum value of the code, you must pay the remaining balance with a valid payment method. the price difference between purchased and maximum value of the code will not be refunded. links to other websites links to third party websites on the services are provided solely as a convenience to you. if you use these links, you will leave the services. bob’s watches has not reviewed all of these third party sites and does not control and is not responsible for any of these sites or their content. thus, bob’s watches does not endorse or make any representations about them, or any information, software or other products or materials found there, or any results that may be obtained from using them. if you decide to access any of the third party sites linked to the services, you do this entirely at your own risk. advertisers the services may contain advertising and sponsorship. advertisers and sponsors are responsible for ensuring that material submitted for inclusion on the services is accurate and complies with applicable laws. the services will not be responsible for the illegality of or any error or inaccuracy in advertisers' or sponsors' materials. third party content third party content may appear on the services or may be accessible via links from the services. bob’s watches is not responsible for and assumes no liability for any mistakes, misstatements of law, defamation, slander, libel, omissions, falsehood, obscenity, pornography or profanity in the statements, opinions, representations or any other form of content contained in any third party content appearing on the services. you understand that the information and opinions in the third party content is neither endorsed by nor does it reflect the belief of bob’s watches. product information all products offered, including rolex submariner, are subject to prior sale. while bob’s watches has tried to accurately display shapes and colors of the products offered on the services, the actual colors you see mostly depend on your monitor and may not be accurate. unless otherwise stated, the word "original" is used herein to mean "factory original rolex". so for example, if a watch description states that the watch is 100% original, or that the dial is "original", it means that the watch is 100% factory rolex and that the dial is a " factory rolex" dial. copyright all design, images, audio clips, data and information, the selection and arrangement thereof as well as all software contained on the services are, to the extent possible, copyrighted and/or otherwise proprietary to bob’s watches. you are authorized to download or print a hard copy of individual pages and/or sections of the services, provided that you do not remove any copyright or other proprietary notices. this authorization is limited to use for information purposes only. reproducing (in whole or in part), transmitting (by electronic means or otherwise), modifying, linking into or using for any public or commercial purpose any portion or all of the services without prior written permission of bob’s watches is strictly prohibited. if we believe a user may be infringing upon someone’s intellectual property right, we may remove the material. if we believe someone is repeatedly infringing, we will terminate that person’s access rights. if you believe someone has posted on the services a work that you own without your authorization, please send a notice of copyright infringement containing the following to our designated agent (whose contact information is below: identification of works or materials being infringed; identification of the material that is claimed to be infringing including information regarding the location of the infringing materials that the copyright owner seeks to have removed, with sufficient detail so that we are capable of finding and verifying its existence; your contact information, including address, telephone number and, if available, e-mail address; a statement that you have a good faith belief that the material is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law; a statement made under penalty of perjury that the information provided is accurate and you are authorized to make the complaint on behalf of the copyright owner; and a physical or electronic signature of a person authorized to act on behalf of the owner of the copyright that has been allegedly infringe. please contact the designated agent to receive notification of claimed infringement for bob’s watches at: 1900 quail st. newport beach, ca 92660. trademarks unless otherwise indicated, the mark bob’s watches and all other marks including logos and graphic designs proprietary to bob’s watches, are subject to the trademark rights of bob’s watches and may not be used in connection with any product or services that are not offered by bob’s watches in any manner that is likely to cause confusion among customers or in any manner that discredits or disparages bob’s watches. no mention is made of rights with respect to other trademarks, service marks or trade-names, whether registered or not, which may attach to certain words or signs used herein. the absence of such mention, however, in no way implies that there is no protection of these marks, trade-names, words or signs. services disclaimer except as expressly set forth in writing to the otherwise, the materials, services and products provided at this site are provided "as is" without any warranties of any kind including warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, or non-infringement of intellectual property. bob's watches warranties are non-transferable. bob’s watches does not represent or warrant that the services will be error-free, free of viruses or other harmful components, or that defects will be corrected. bob’s watches does not warrant or represent that the information available on or through the services will be correct, accurate, timely, or otherwise reliable. bob’s watches may make improvements and/or changes to its features, functionality or content at any time. bob’s watches further does not warrant the accuracy and completeness of the materials or information at the services. products/services disclaimer all sell prices are based on watches in good, salable condition in no need of any repair. watch items are previously owned. bob's watches reserves the right to refuse service, take orders or provide estimates to anyone at its sole discretion. bob’s watches may make changes to the services, or to the products and prices described here at any time without notice. all visitors acknowledge that prices and availability are subject to change at any time. the materials and information at the services may be out of date, and bob’s watches makes no commitment to update the materials and services at the services. information published at the services may refer to products, programs or services that are not available in your country. applicable law may not allow the exclusion of implied warranties, so the above exclusion may not apply to you. all sell prices and purchase offers are subject to change with market conditions. when placing an order or requesting an estimate, you promise that all details you provide to us are true and accurate, that you are an authorized user of any credit or debit card your provide. the cost of foreign products and services as well as the worldwide timepiece market may fluctuate. any bob’s watches estimate to purchase a watch assume that the watch is in perfect salable condition, contain 100% factory original parts, are not in no need of polishing, repairs or servicing of any kind. further, such estimates are based on the information you provide (such as model number, age, condition, and bracelet type). purchase offers are just preliminary estimates. bob’s watches will adjust the estimate if the watch needs to be overhauled or serviced, needs replacement parts or a new crystal or any other service necessary to make the watch in like-new salable condition. while we try and ensure that all details, descriptions and prices which appear on the services are accurate, errors may occur. if we discover an error in the price of any goods which you have ordered we will inform you of this as soon as possible and give you the option of reconfirming your order at the correct price or cancelling it. if we are unable to contact you we will treat the order as cancelled. if you cancel and you have already paid for the goods, you will receive a refund. limitation of liability bob’s watches does not promise that the services or any content, service or feature of the services or products sold through the services will be error-free or uninterrupted, or that any defects will be corrected or that your use of the services or services or products offered through the services will provide specific results. except as otherwise expressly set forth in writing, the services, its content and the products and services offered are delivered on an “as-is” and “as-available” basis. bob’s watches cannot and shall not be held responsible for errors, omissions, or failures of its own technology or the technology of its users. bob’s watches will not be liable for any loss or damage caused by a distributed denial-of-service attack, viruses or other technologically harmful material that may infect your computer equipment, computer programs, data or other proprietary material due to your use of the services or to your downloading of any material posted on it, or on any services linked to it. in no event shall bob’s watches be liable for any lost revenue or profit or for special, indirect, consequential, incidental or punitive damages, however caused and regardless of the theory of liability, even if bob’s watches has been advised of the possibility of such damages. to the fullest extent allowed by law, bob’s watches’ liability to you, whether in contract or tort (including negligence) or otherwise shall not exceed the amount paid by you for the product pursuant to which the liability arises. some states do not allow the exclusion of certain damages, so some of the terms above may not be applicable to you. usage usage by children under 18 bob’s watches cannot prohibit minors from visiting the services. bob’s watches must rely on parents, guardians and those responsible for supervising children under 18 to decide which materials are appropriate for such children to view the site. bob’s watches requires that all purchases be made by individuals 18 years of age or older. export you shall abide by all applicable export laws and their regulations, including but not limited to the export administration act and the arms export control act. you shall not transfer, by electronic transmission or otherwise, any content derived from the services to either a foreign national or a foreign destination in violation of such laws. indemnity you agree to indemnify and hold harmless bob’s watches and all of its officers, directors, owners, shareholders, partners, , employees, agents, successors and assigns against and from any and all claims, actions, damages, fines, penalties, liabilities, losses, costs and expenses (including without limitation reasonable attorney’s fees) arising out of, relating to or in connection with: (i) your use of the bob’s watches services; (ii) your purchase, ownership or sale of products through the services ; or (iii) shipment of any property under these terms. unlawful activity bob’s watches reserves the right (but has no obligation )to investigate complaints or reported violations of these terms and to take action we deem appropriate including but not limited to reporting any suspected unlawful activity to law enforcement officials, regulators, or other third parties and disclosing any information necessary or appropriate to such persons or entities relating to user profiles, e-mail addresses, usage history, posted materials, ip addresses and traffic information. remedies for violations bob’s watches reserves the right to seek all remedies available at law and in equity for violations of these terms, including but not limited to the right to block access from a particular internet address to the services. applicable laws the services are administered by bob’s watches from its offices in california. bob’s watches makes no representation that materials or information at the services are appropriate or available for use outside the united states, and access to them from territories where their contents are illegal is prohibited. you may not use or export or re-export the materials or information at the services or any copy or adaptation in violation of any applicable laws or regulations including without limitation u.s. export laws and regulations. if you choose to access the services from outside the united states, you do so of your own initiative and you are responsible for compliance with applicable local laws. these terms will be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the state of california, without giving effect to any principles of conflicts of laws. dispute resolution california law governs these terms. if there is any dispute related to any subject of these terms (except as noted below), we agree that the dispute shall be resolved by binding arbitration in orange county, california in accordance with the comprehensive rules and procedures of jams arbitration, mediation, and adr services (www.jamsadr.com) or its successor then in effect. before either party may seek arbitration, the party must first send to the other party a written notice of dispute (“notice”) describing the nature and basis of the claim or dispute, and the requested relief. after the notice is received, you and bob’s watches will attempt to resolve the claim or dispute informally. if you and bob’s watches do not resolve the claim or dispute within thirty (30) days after the notice is received, either party may begin an arbitration proceeding. the decision of the arbitrator shall be final and binding on the parties. the arbitrator shall render the award in writing, explaining the factual and legal basis for decision as to each of the principal controverted issues. the parties and each of them expressly agree that any petition to confirm, modify or enforce the arbitral award shall be resolved by the orange county superior court, to which jurisdiction the parties hereby submit. to the maximum extent permitted by law, the proceedings and results of the same shall be kept confidential. the parties and each of them agree that any dispute resolution proceeding will be conducted only on an individual basis and not in a class, consolidated or representative action. if for any reason a claim proceeds in court rather than in arbitration all parties waive any right to a jury trial. we also both agree that you or we may bring suit in court to enjoin infringement or other misuse of intellectual property rights. privacy your use of the services is subject to bob’s watches' privacy policy, available through this link. returns your use of the services is subject to the bob’s watches return policy, available through this link. consignor your use of the services is subject to the bob’s watches consignor terms, available through this link. auctions your use of the services is subject to the bob’s watches auction terms and conditions, available through this link. shipping your use of the services is subject to the bob’s watches shipping policies for domestic and international shipments, available here and here. severability of provisions if any part of these terms is deemed invalid or unenforceable, the remainder shall remain in full force and effect. international buyers notice: all international buyers assume any and all responsibility for all applicable vat, taxes, duties, tariffs or customs due. it is the buyer's responsibility for shipping in the event of a customs issue or return. general bob’s watches may revise these terms at any time by updating this posting. you should visit this page from time to time to review the then-current terms because they are binding on you. certain provisions of these terms may be superseded by expressly designated legal notices or terms located on particular pages at the services. you are responsible for regularly reviewing the terms of use. continued use of the services after any such changes constitutes your consent to such changes. duties & taxes all transactions on the services are in u.s. dollars ($).your order total is set at the exchange rate when your order is placed. international taxes, tariffs and value-added tax (vat) are the responsibility of the customer. duty, customs tariffs and vat are set by the destination country. they are determined based on the purchased merchandise's country of origin or manufacturing and the classification of that merchandise in accordance with a harmonized system adopted. the amount of applicable duty, tariffs, taxes and vat will vary by country and are the sole responsibility of the customer. waiver if you breach these terms and we take no action, we will still be entitled to use our rights and remedies in any other situation where you breach these conditions. any waiver of any provision of the terms will be effective only if in writing signed by an officer of bob’s watches. bob's watches jewelry is not an authorized rolex dealer nor is it affiliated with the rolex corporation or any of its subsidiaries. datejust, day-date president, presidential, super president, pearlmaster,masterpiece, submariner, cosmograph daytona, explorer, sea dweller, gmt master,yacht-master, air king milgauss, prince, and cellini are all registered trademarks of the rolex corporation (rolex usa, rolex s.a.) all trademarked names, brands and models, mentioned on this site are the sole property of rolex, usa, inc. and/or their respective trademark owners. this site, including its owners, operators, and developers, are not affiliated with nor endorsed by rolex, rolex usa, or any of its subsidiaries, in any way. we are not an official dealer for the products we sell and have no affiliation with the manufacturer. all brand names and trademarks are the property of their respective owners and are used for identification purposes only. join our mailing list about bob's authenticity pledge buyers protection plan bob's watches reviews press bob's watches wikipedia contact us faq mon - fri 9am - 5pm (pst)have a question? (800) 494-3708 © 2018 bob's watches terms & conditions privacy consignor terms select a modelrolex submarinerrolex daytonarolex presidentrolex daterolex gmt-masterrolex milgaussrolex explorerrolex air-kingrolex sea-dwellerrolex yachtmasterrolex cellinirolex sky-dwellerladies rolexmens used rolexrolex watches company info careers authenticity pledge buyers protection plan about bob's bob's watches reviews press bob's rolex usa bob's watches wikipedia services & support find it for me terms & conditions privacy policy consignor terms contact us faq resources about rolex buying & selling rolex financing sell your rolex how to sell used rolex prices rolex serial numbers rolex models shipping & returns u.s. shipping international shipping returns warranty are you on the list? mon - fri 9am - 5pm (pst)   |   have a question? (800) 494-3708 copyright bob's watches. all rights reserved. bob's watches is not affiliated with rolex s.a., rolex usa, or any of its subsidiaries. bob's watches is an independent watch dealer and is not sponsored by, associated with and/or affiliated with rolex, s.a. bob's watches only sells pre-owned rolex watches and provides its own warranties on the watches it sells. rolex, www.rolex.com, is under no obligation to warranty-service watches sold by bob's watches. rolex datejust, rolex day date president, submariner, presidential, explorer, sea dweller, super president, gmt master, gmt, yachtmaster, prince, milgauss, masterpiece, air king, cosmograph daytona, and pearlmaster are all registered trademarks of the rolex corporation ( rolex usa, rolex s.a.) to buy a new rolex watch, please visit rolex.com for a list of authorized rolex dealers near you.* sales tax on internet transactions is only collected on orders shipped to addresses in california or as otherwise required by law. blog site map   |   site map ▲