来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20181213151650/https://www.bobswatches.com/more/rolex-history
================================================================================

the history of rolex | bob's watches shop black friday • save up to $400 • 0% financing shop black friday • save up to $400 • 0% financing about press contact us certified authentic low price guarantee sign in cart empty cart? find your rolex certified authentic low price guarantee home sell a rolex rolex watches all rolex watches rolex submarinerrolex daytonarolex presidentrolex datejustrolex daterolex gmt-masterrolex milgaussrolex explorerrolex air-kingrolex sea-dwellerrolex yachtmasterrolex cellinirolex sky-dwellerladies rolexused rolexvintage rolex luxury watches more used rolex prices rolex serial numbers about us faqs watch resourcesrolex repair servicethe exchange conceptrolex historyabout rolexrolex watch case sizesrolex condition grading advantages of buying a pre-owned rolex press rolex books jewelry new arrivals auctions watch accessories rolex financing contact us blog / articles call us (800) 494-3708 home rolex watches save upto 35% rolex submarinerrolex daytonarolex presidentrolex datejustrolex daterolex gmt-masterrolex milgaussrolex explorerrolex air-kingrolex sea-dwellerrolex yachtmasterrolex cellinirolex sky-dwellerladies rolexmens used rolex vintage rolex sell rolex get your rolex price sell your rolex ( we pay more, guaranteed! ) ship your rolex watch get a box learn how it works › how how to sellhow the selling process workshow to trade inhow to value your watchhow to ship your watch why watches we buywhy choose bob's to sellwatch brands we sellwhy it's safer faq who is bob?how fast will i get paid?do you pay more?what is the pre-owned rolex exchange?is my selling info private? used rolex new arrivals luxury watches now featuring view all luxury watches › rolex oris tudor omega panerai piaget breitling cartier zenith patek philippe audemars piguet iwc tag heuer vacheron constantin jaeger-lecoultre auctions blog more used rolex prices rolex serial numbers watch accessories rolex financing faqs watch resourcesrolex repair servicethe exchange conceptrolex historyabout rolexrolex watch case sizesrolex condition grading rolex books jewelry 1900 quail st, newport beach, ca 92660 (800) 494-3708 shop black friday shop black friday • save up to $400 • 0% financing home watches sell a rolex rolex rolex rolex watches rolex submarinerrolex daytonarolex presidentrolex datejustrolex gmt-masterrolex milgaussrolex explorerrolex air-kingrolex sea-dwellerrolex yachtmasterrolex cellinirolex sky-dwellerladies rolexused rolexrolex models vintage rolex new arrivals auctions watch accessories rolex financing luxury watches luxury watches all luxury watches rolex oris tudor omega panerai piaget breitling cartier zenith patek philippe audemars piguet iwc tag heuer vacheron constantin jaeger-lecoultre learn bob's rolex blog more more used rolex pricesrolex serial numbersabout bob's watchesin the pressabout rolex sajewelryrolex booksrolex condition gradingrolex historyrolex watch case sizesthe exchange conceptwatch faqswatch repair servicewatch resources account sign in your cart contact us (800) 494-3708 low price guarantee x bob's watches is dedicated to always offering the best value to our customers. we will match the price, at the time of purchase, on a low price guarantee product if you find the same item at a lower price at a designated major online retailer. here's how: if you find a qualifying lower price online, call 1-800-494-3708 and direct a customer service agent to the web site with the lower price. on qualifying products, bob's watches will then verify the current price to complete the price match. purchase price shown is the cash wire price, and any payment method fees such as credit card fees, paypal fees, amazon fees, etc, will be added to the transaction total. prices may be higher if other payment methods are selected. some exclusions apply. see the list of designated major online retailers and full details. free overnight delivery x free priority overnight shipping on all orders applies to u.s. orders only. unlike many other websites that have special rules and lots of fine print , bobswatches.com offers free shipping on all domestic orders placed on our website, with no minimum order size or special exceptions. just because shipping is free doesn’t mean it should take a long time. bobswatches.com understands that getting your item quickly is important to you, so we make every effort to process your order as quickly as possible. bob'smorerolex historyrolex history genius in five letters: the history of rolex and the submariner in london, england in 1905, a 24-year-old hans wilsdorf had a vision to create a wristwatch that was as elegant as it was reliable. wilsdorf and his brother-in-law alfred davis had already established their own shop and were importing swiss movements and placing them in quality cases. but wilsdorf wanted more. he envisioned a name for his timepieces that would be easy to remember and pronounce in any language. he called it rolex. one theory is that he believed the name "rolex" was onomatopoeic, which sounded like a watch being wound. he registered the name and quickly opened an office in switzerland and by 1915 the name rolex was registered. the most important factor to the rolex company in creating these new watches was that the movements be of the highest quality. this chronometric precision that the makers of rolex watches insisted upon was what catapulted the company’s rapid ascent. rolex soon received the swiss certificate of chronometric precision, granted by the official watch rating centre in bienne – the first wristwatch in the world to receive this prestigious mark. rolex timepieces were then honored with great britain’s kew observatory’s class a precision certificate. from that moment on, these quality watches became synonymous with precision. the company then moved to geneva in 1920, and rolex began waterproofing its timepieces. given the name the oyster, this watch featured a hermetically sealed case, providing optimal protection. proving its amazing craftsmanship, the first rolex lasted 10 hours in the water, when mercedes gleitze, a young english swimmer, crossed the english channel wearing her rolex. the watch was in perfect working condition when she arrived on shore. throughout the years, motorsports, aviation and other sporting expeditions were the real-life laboratories that tested the quality of rolex watches. of course, the brand always exceeded even the loftiest aspirations. in 1953, the submariner was launched as the first divers’ watch. this masterpiece was waterproof to a depth of 100 meters, or 330 feet, while its rotatable bezel allowed divers to read their immersion time. stainless steel 904l is utilized in high technology, aerospace and chemical industries, where maximum resistance to corrosion is essential, and this is the material rolex uses for its steel watch cases. this superalloy is extremely resistant and highly polishable, while maintaining elegance during the harshest conditions. more than 60 years after its unveiling, the submariner is still a favorite among divers. updated with improved water resistance, new movements, and numerous small cosmetic changes, this watch can now reach 300 meters, or 1,000 feet, under water. rolex celebrated the watch’s 50th anniversary by launching the rolex submariner-date anniversary edition (model 16610) in 2003. this collector’s edition includes distinguishing features such as a green bezel and maxi dial; in 2008 a new case from the gmt ii was introduced for the submariner-date, which includes heavier lugs and a crownguard. a cerachrome bezel and updated clasp featuring a quick adjust function were also added. when you read about the rich history of rolex, and the unparalleled status of its iconic timepieces, like the submariner, it’s easy to see why so many yearn for this brand and its products. more often than not, however, many admirers have a hard time wrapping their head around the hefty price tag that comes with a new rolex. before the age of the internet, it was hard to find pre-owned rolex watches in excellent condition. but these days, it’s different. customers from around the world trust the online service of bob’s watches. bob’s is the world’s first and only pre-owned rolex exchange where consumers can buy, sell and trade used rolex watches at a true fair market value. the company believes in complete transparency and publishes the current buy and sell values for each rolex model, making it the online marketplace for aficionados looking for the best deal. devoted exclusively to the used-rolex market, bob’s watches prides itself on obtaining stellar results for its customers. the company’s business philosophy is built on integrity and trust, which is exactly why it has become the leading online destination for used rolex timepieces. and unlike other online watch companies, bob’s carries an actual inventory of watches: each and every watch at bobswatches.com is in stock and ready to sell. join our mailing list about bob's authenticity pledge buyers protection plan bob's watches reviews press bob's watches wikipedia contact us faq mon - fri 9am - 5pm (pst)have a question? (800) 494-3708 © 2018 bob's watches terms & conditions privacy consignor terms select a modelrolex submarinerrolex daytonarolex presidentrolex daterolex gmt-masterrolex milgaussrolex explorerrolex air-kingrolex sea-dwellerrolex yachtmasterrolex cellinirolex sky-dwellerladies rolexmens used rolexrolex watches company info careers authenticity pledge buyers protection plan about bob's bob's watches reviews press bob's rolex usa bob's watches wikipedia services & support find it for me terms & conditions privacy policy consignor terms contact us faq resources about rolex buying & selling rolex financing sell your rolex how to sell used rolex prices rolex serial numbers rolex models shipping & returns u.s. shipping international shipping returns warranty are you on the list? mon - fri 9am - 5pm (pst)   |   have a question? (800) 494-3708 copyright bob's watches. all rights reserved. bob's watches is not affiliated with rolex s.a., rolex usa, or any of its subsidiaries. bob's watches is an independent watch dealer and is not sponsored by, associated with and/or affiliated with rolex, s.a. bob's watches only sells pre-owned rolex watches and provides its own warranties on the watches it sells. rolex, www.rolex.com, is under no obligation to warranty-service watches sold by bob's watches. rolex datejust, rolex day date president, submariner, presidential, explorer, sea dweller, super president, gmt master, gmt, yachtmaster, prince, milgauss, masterpiece, air king, cosmograph daytona, and pearlmaster are all registered trademarks of the rolex corporation ( rolex usa, rolex s.a.) to buy a new rolex watch, please visit rolex.com for a list of authorized rolex dealers near you.* sales tax on internet transactions is only collected on orders shipped to addresses in california or as otherwise required by law. blog site map   |   site map ▲