来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20181213151650/https://www.bobswatches.com/shipping-info
================================================================================

shipping information at bob's watches shop black friday • save up to $400 • 0% financing shop black friday • save up to $400 • 0% financing about press contact us certified authentic low price guarantee sign in cart empty cart? find your rolex certified authentic low price guarantee home sell a rolex rolex watches all rolex watches rolex submarinerrolex daytonarolex presidentrolex datejustrolex daterolex gmt-masterrolex milgaussrolex explorerrolex air-kingrolex sea-dwellerrolex yachtmasterrolex cellinirolex sky-dwellerladies rolexused rolexvintage rolex luxury watches more used rolex prices rolex serial numbers about us faqs watch resourcesrolex repair servicethe exchange conceptrolex historyabout rolexrolex watch case sizesrolex condition grading advantages of buying a pre-owned rolex press rolex books jewelry new arrivals auctions watch accessories rolex financing contact us blog / articles call us (800) 494-3708 home rolex watches save upto 35% rolex submarinerrolex daytonarolex presidentrolex datejustrolex daterolex gmt-masterrolex milgaussrolex explorerrolex air-kingrolex sea-dwellerrolex yachtmasterrolex cellinirolex sky-dwellerladies rolexmens used rolex vintage rolex sell rolex get your rolex price sell your rolex ( we pay more, guaranteed! ) ship your rolex watch get a box learn how it works › how how to sellhow the selling process workshow to trade inhow to value your watchhow to ship your watch why watches we buywhy choose bob's to sellwatch brands we sellwhy it's safer faq who is bob?how fast will i get paid?do you pay more?what is the pre-owned rolex exchange?is my selling info private? used rolex new arrivals luxury watches now featuring view all luxury watches › rolex oris tudor omega panerai piaget breitling cartier zenith patek philippe audemars piguet iwc tag heuer vacheron constantin jaeger-lecoultre auctions blog more used rolex prices rolex serial numbers watch accessories rolex financing faqs watch resourcesrolex repair servicethe exchange conceptrolex historyabout rolexrolex watch case sizesrolex condition grading rolex books jewelry 1900 quail st, newport beach, ca 92660 (800) 494-3708 shop black friday shop black friday • save up to $400 • 0% financing home watches sell a rolex rolex rolex rolex watches rolex submarinerrolex daytonarolex presidentrolex datejustrolex gmt-masterrolex milgaussrolex explorerrolex air-kingrolex sea-dwellerrolex yachtmasterrolex cellinirolex sky-dwellerladies rolexused rolexrolex models vintage rolex new arrivals auctions watch accessories rolex financing luxury watches luxury watches all luxury watches rolex oris tudor omega panerai piaget breitling cartier zenith patek philippe audemars piguet iwc tag heuer vacheron constantin jaeger-lecoultre learn bob's rolex blog more more used rolex pricesrolex serial numbersabout bob's watchesin the pressabout rolex sajewelryrolex booksrolex condition gradingrolex historyrolex watch case sizesthe exchange conceptwatch faqswatch repair servicewatch resources account sign in your cart contact us (800) 494-3708 low price guarantee x bob's watches is dedicated to always offering the best value to our customers. we will match the price, at the time of purchase, on a low price guarantee product if you find the same item at a lower price at a designated major online retailer. here's how: if you find a qualifying lower price online, call 1-800-494-3708 and direct a customer service agent to the web site with the lower price. on qualifying products, bob's watches will then verify the current price to complete the price match. purchase price shown is the cash wire price, and any payment method fees such as credit card fees, paypal fees, amazon fees, etc, will be added to the transaction total. prices may be higher if other payment methods are selected. some exclusions apply. see the list of designated major online retailers and full details. free overnight delivery x free priority overnight shipping on all orders applies to u.s. orders only. unlike many other websites that have special rules and lots of fine print , bobswatches.com offers free shipping on all domestic orders placed on our website, with no minimum order size or special exceptions. just because shipping is free doesn’t mean it should take a long time. bobswatches.com understands that getting your item quickly is important to you, so we make every effort to process your order as quickly as possible. bob'sshipping info shipping information every watch on our site is in stock and generally ships out within one (1) business day of receipt of your order and verification ( settlement ) from our bank/ credit card company. all domestic orders are shipped fedex overnight and are fully insured at no charge to the customer. payment by credit card orders paid by credit card will be shipped only after the credit card company has approved and “settled” the order. this is normally done each day at 6pm pst on the day of the order if placed before 2pm pst - so your order will ship out the very next business day.  orders placed after 2pm pst will generally ship out the 2nd business day.  please note that all orders must be shipped to the address on file with your credit card company.  if you would like your order shipped to an address that is different, other than the one on record with the issuing bank, we ask that you contact your credit card company by calling the phone number on the back of your credit card, and request to place an “alternate shipping address” on record, so that we can verify this information. by stating that you want an “alternate shipping address” it will simply be a notation on your record and should not cause any change in your billing information. it is another fraud-prevention method that we use to be certain that we are dealing with the actual cardholder. estimated delivery dates are based upon orders received by 2pm pst, monday through friday, excluding holidays. if your order is placed and approved before 2pm pst monday through friday, it will generally ship on the next business day. orders placed after 2pm pst on friday generally ship on tuesday. no orders are shipped or delivered on weekends or holidays. we cannot guarantee any particular delivery date. items ordered together may ship separately. payment by wireorders paid by wire will be shipped on the day we receive confirmation of the funds from our bank. the cut off time to receive incoming wires is 3pm pst.  please note that we accept wire transfers only.  no ach'es or other forms of electronic transfer will be accepted. payment by google checkoutorders paid in this manner will be shipped as soon as we receive confirmation and approval from google merchant services. we cannot ship until this approval occurs.  approvals received by 3pm pst will ship that same day and approvals received after 3pm pst will ship the next business day. paypal orders can be shipped only to the “verified” address on record. if you are an international customer we do offer shipping for a additional fees. only wired payments will be accepted on international orders. other important notes * you must provide a street address. fedex will not deliver to p.o. boxes, apo or fpo addresses including u.s territories/provinces. * all us orders are shipped free fedex standard overnight insured and will be delivered on a business day, monday through friday.       there are no deliveries on saturday, sunday, or holidays. * fedex is our only shipping carrier. shipping methods other than fedex are not presently accepted for orders made through this site. sales and use tax notice recently many states have issued guidance regarding purchases for which residents did not pay sales tax. when sales tax is not charged, use tax may be due on transaction that may have otherwise been taxable. it follows the same rules and requirements as sales tax. there are three common instances where a use tax obligation may occur: * ordering from a mail‐order catalog * buying over the internet * buying goods in another state but having the merchant ship the goods to you in your resident state as opposed to you taking possession of them in the store. in all of these circumstances, if sales tax is not charged and the goods are shipped to you in your resident state, you may owe use tax to your resident state. use tax is not owed if you pay another state’s sales tax on the purchase. remember though that not all internet and mail‐order catalog purchases are subject to use tax. please refer to your local city, county, or state taxing agency for questions on whether use tax may be applicable to your purchase. the above "sales and use tax notice" is intended for general guidance and informational purposes only. this information is provided with the understanding that it does not render legal, accounting, tax, or other professional advice and services, nor does it promote, market or recommend to another party any transaction or matter addressed herein. the above should not be used as a substitute for consultation with professional advisers and cannot be relied upon by any taxpayer for the purpose of avoiding penalties imposed under the internal revenue code. before making any decision or taking any action, you should obtain appropriate professional guidance. join our mailing list about bob's authenticity pledge buyers protection plan bob's watches reviews press bob's watches wikipedia contact us faq mon - fri 9am - 5pm (pst)have a question? (800) 494-3708 © 2018 bob's watches terms & conditions privacy consignor terms select a modelrolex submarinerrolex daytonarolex presidentrolex daterolex gmt-masterrolex milgaussrolex explorerrolex air-kingrolex sea-dwellerrolex yachtmasterrolex cellinirolex sky-dwellerladies rolexmens used rolexrolex watches company info careers authenticity pledge buyers protection plan about bob's bob's watches reviews press bob's rolex usa bob's watches wikipedia services & support find it for me terms & conditions privacy policy consignor terms contact us faq resources about rolex buying & selling rolex financing sell your rolex how to sell used rolex prices rolex serial numbers rolex models shipping & returns u.s. shipping international shipping returns warranty are you on the list? mon - fri 9am - 5pm (pst)   |   have a question? (800) 494-3708 copyright bob's watches. all rights reserved. bob's watches is not affiliated with rolex s.a., rolex usa, or any of its subsidiaries. bob's watches is an independent watch dealer and is not sponsored by, associated with and/or affiliated with rolex, s.a. bob's watches only sells pre-owned rolex watches and provides its own warranties on the watches it sells. rolex, www.rolex.com, is under no obligation to warranty-service watches sold by bob's watches. rolex datejust, rolex day date president, submariner, presidential, explorer, sea dweller, super president, gmt master, gmt, yachtmaster, prince, milgauss, masterpiece, air king, cosmograph daytona, and pearlmaster are all registered trademarks of the rolex corporation ( rolex usa, rolex s.a.) to buy a new rolex watch, please visit rolex.com for a list of authorized rolex dealers near you.* sales tax on internet transactions is only collected on orders shipped to addresses in california or as otherwise required by law. blog site map   |   site map ▲