来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20191207164655/https://www.bobswatches.com/privacy-policy
================================================================================

privacy policy - designer rolex luxury timepieces at bob's watches 100% certified authentic • low price guarantee log in | sign up view cart (800) 494-3708 1900 quail st, newport beach, ca 92660 (800) 494-3708 sign in cart empty cart? find your rolex rolex top models submariner gmt-master daytona datejust datejust ii day-date day-date ii all rolex watches air-king cellini date explorer explorer ii gmt-master ii ladies rolex milgauss oyster perpetual president sea-dweller sky-dweller vintage rolex yachtmaster yachtmaster ii shop by gender men's rolex women's rolex shop by price under $5,000 $5,000 - $10,000 $10,000 - $25,000 over $25,000 shop rolex watches explore rolex serial numbers > rolex prices > rolex financing > rolex models > rolex condition grading > rolex watch case sizes > rolex service repair > about rolex > sell your watch get your rolex price sell your rolex ( we pay more, guaranteed! ) ship your rolex watch get a box watches we buy sell rolex sell tudor sell omega sell panerai sell breitling sell oris sell piaget sell breguet sell cartier sell zenith sell patek philippe sell audemars piguet sell iwc sell vacheron constantin sell jaeger-lecoultre learn how it works > shop watches shop by brand rolex oris tudor omega panerai breguet zenith patek philippe audemars piguet iwc tissot ulysse nardin breitling cartier tag heuer jaeger-lecoultre parmigiani all luxury watches > shop by gender men's watches women's watches shop by price under $5,000 $5,000 - $10,000 over $10,000 new arrivals > watch accessories > watch financing > auctions > shop watches vintage rolex new arrivals about about bob's our story in the press trusted partners testimonials how we give back company contact us affiliates careers our locations trade program explore resources blog watch resources rolex history faqs how-to videos watch sizing editorial watch 101 buying guides gift guides rolex news watch reviews anatomy of a watch rolex top models submariner gmt-master daytona datejust datejust ii day-date day-date ii all rolex watches air-king cellini date explorer explorer ii gmt-master ii ladies rolex milgauss oyster perpetual president sea-dweller sky-dweller vintage rolex yachtmaster yachtmaster ii vintage rolex > shop by gender men's rolex women's rolex shop by price under $5,000 $5,000 - $10,000 $10,000 - $25,000 over $25,000 explore rolex serial numbers rolex prices rolex financing rolex models rolex condition grading rolex watch case sizes rolex service repair about rolex sell your watch sell your rolex > get a box > watches we buy sell rolex sell tudor sell omega sell panerai sell breitling sell oris sell piaget sell breguet sell cartier sell zenith sell patek philippe sell audemars piguet sell iwc sell vacheron constantin sell jaeger-lecoultre learn how it works > shop watches shop by brand rolex oris tudor omega panerai breguet zenith patek philippe audemars piguet iwc piaget ulysse nardin breitling cartier tag heuer jaeger-lecoultre parmigiani all luxury watches > shop by gender men's watches women's watches shop by price under $5,000 $5,000 - $10,000 over $10,000 watch accessories > watch financing > auctions > vintage rolex new arrivals about our story in the press trusted partners testimonials how we give back contact us affiliates careers our locations trade program explore blog watch resources rolex history faqs how-to videos watch sizing watch 101 buying guides gift guides rolex news watch reviews anatomy of a watch trusted partners how we give back call us email low price guarantee x bob's watches is dedicated to always offering the best value to our customers. we will match the price, at the time of purchase, on a low price guarantee product if you find the same item at a lower price at a designated major online retailer. here's how: if you find a qualifying lower price online, call 1-800-494-3708 and direct a customer service agent to the web site with the lower price. on qualifying products, bob's watches will then verify the current price to complete the price match. purchase price shown is the cash wire price, and any payment method fees such as credit card fees, paypal fees, amazon fees, etc, will be added to the transaction total. prices may be higher if other payment methods are selected. some exclusions apply. see the list of designated major online retailers and full details. free overnight delivery x free priority overnight shipping on all orders applies to u.s. orders only. unlike many other websites that have special rules and lots of fine print , bobswatches.com offers free shipping on all domestic orders placed on our website, with no minimum order size or special exceptions. just because shipping is free doesn’t mean it should take a long time. bobswatches.com understands that getting your item quickly is important to you, so we make every effort to process your order as quickly as possible. bob'sprivacy policy privacy policy introduction like most businesses, bob’s watches holds and processes a wide range of information about its clients and other persons who may be interested in bob’s watches services. this privacy notice applies to all bob’s watches operations, and explains the type of information that we process, why we are processing it and how that processing may affect you. the privacy notice is split into the sections listed below. this page explains what we mean by “personal data”, “processing”, and other terms used in this notice. we may update this privacy notice from time to time, and will post any revised notice on this web page. where appropriate we may notify you by email or by a notice on our website that our privacy notice has changed but we recommend that you check this page regularly. any changes will be immediately effective on posting. we believe privacy is a right, and you have a right to keep it private. our goal is to be transparent about how we collect and use information about you, to keep such information secure, and to provide you with meaningful choices. what this policy covers our privacy policy explains: what information we collect and why we collect it. how we use that information. the choices we offer, including how to access and update information about you. overview to help you understand what personal information we collect about you, here is a summary of the primary information we collect: if you log in, we collect your email address to create a bob's watches id. we collect information on the advertising identifier to provide you targeted advertising. if you use the a bob's watches groups’ website, we collect information through cookies to provide you targeted advertising, and your ip address to help control email spam and abuse management. we collect anonymized data for analytics purposes such as hardware and operating system information, performance statistics, and data about how you use your devices and applications. location data in non-european economic area countries. for details and specifics on how we collect, use and share information about you, please read our entire privacy policy below. by using the service, you agree that you have read and understood, and agree to this privacy policy. if you do not understand, or do not agree to be bound by this privacy policy, you must immediately stop using the service. about us bob's watches (“bob's watches”, “we”, “our”, or “us”) is a california corporation located in the united states of america. we are an aggregator of websites and communications platforms (“service”). bob's watches operates the service at https://www.bobswatches.com and on the bob's watches groups websites at https://www.bobswatches.com/groups/*name of group*(“website” or “websites”, as applicable) and on our application available on various mobile operating systems (“application”). we make third party websites, chat rooms, forums, message boards, blogs, rss feeds, and/or news groups (collectively, “sites”) available to users of the service. the service is hosted in the united states and is available through the websites and the application, and is not directed to individuals under the age of sixteen (16). bob's watches does not knowingly collect information from individuals under sixteen (16) years of age without prior parental consent or consistent with applicable law. cross border data transfers the service may be available worldwide. if you use the service from outside the united states, your data may be transferred to, stored and processed by us and our corporate affiliates in other countries, and by those third parties with whom we may share information about you as described in this privacy policy. you authorize us to use the information collected in connection with your use of the service as explained below, which may involve transferring and storing such information across and outside your country to a country (such as a country outside of the european economic area) that may provide a different level of protection for such information. transparency and choice people have different privacy concerns. we believe you should have tools to control information about you and manage your experience with us. for example, you can find controls to manage or review your account information, marketing preferences, and collection of location data by going to your profile settings on the app or website. if you opt out of receiving targeted ads, you will continue to see ads, but they may not be as relevant or useful to you. for more information on ads and how to opt out, see the section below headed “advertisements; ad networks; other third parties”. information we collect we collect information to better provide the services to our users - from tailoring your experience with the application and websites such as showing you content we think you might be interested in, making recommendations of sites to follow, to advertising, measuring advertising performance, and related research. we may collect and combine information when you interact with the service, including: information you give us. we collect the information that you voluntarily give us. for example, when you register for a bob's watches id, we ask for your email address, user name, birthdate and password, and may request other registration information required by a site to register as a member. information from your use of the service. we collect information about how you use a website and application like which sites or users you follow, and the content you view. this information includes: device information: such as your ip address and an anonymous device identifier. in addition, the application collects certain information automatically, such as content viewed, and information that allows us to periodically determine mobile device and usage information, which may include (i) information about the way you use the application, (ii) information specific to your mobile device (such as make, model, operating system and version, internet browser, device ip address, cookies, anonymous device and/or advertising identifier and similar information), (iii) information about your use of features, functions, or notifications on the device, and (iv) signal strength relating to wifi or bluetooth functionality, temperature, battery level, and similar technical data. we may collect the foregoing information even if you are not logged in to the application; browser information: such as information automatically provided by browsers like user agent and ip addresses accessing a website; and location information: for users outside the european economic area, such as information that allows us to periodically determine your actual location. we may collect the foregoing information even if you are not logged in to the application. for ios users, you should be able to adjust the settings on your ios device to prevent collection of location information by disabling the location services feature on your device. for android users, you should be able to adjust your settings on your android device to prevent collection of location information by disabling bluetooth and location service features on your device. information from others: if you use facebook or google + to log in to the application or a website, we collect your email address and profile picture. these services will authenticate your identity and provide you the option to share (or not share) certain information with us to create a bob's watches id. services like facebook give you the option to post information about your activities using the service to your facebook profile page to share with others within your facebook network. we do not any “sensitive” or “special categories of personal data” as defined under european data protection laws. how we collect user information we use cookies and other standard web technologies to collect information automatically from your device, including: cookies: are data files that often include a unique identifier, and are placed on a user’s device or computer. we use cookies to deliver content and/or advertising specific to your interests, to enable you to log in to the service without having to reenter all of your information, and for service analytics. in addition, we may use third party companies to display ads on the websites or application, and these ads may contain cookies. you can learn more about how to delete, decline, or control cookies at www.aboutcookies.org, and can also control cookies by clicking your profile settings for the website. if you choose to delete or decline cookies, certain features of the service may not function properly or not at all. web beacon; tags; pixels: are blocks of code that can read and place cookies, recognize certain types of information on your device, such as which websites or apps you use, and your browsing behavior, as well as provide service analytics; and mobile device identifiers: are standard device identifiers, for example the “idfa” advertising identifier used on apple’s ios devices and the “google advertising id” advertising identifier used on android devices, to analyze your use of mobile applications. how we use the information collected we use the information collected to provide the service and personalize your use of the service. for example, we use the information collected for tailoring your experience with the application and websites such as showing you content we think you might be interested in, and making recommendations of sites to follow. such information may be used by itself, aggregated, or combined with other information from third parties. we may also use information collected to deliver you information and/or promotional materials about bob's watches and/or to carry out other purposes that are disclosed to you, and to which you consent. we may also use the information collected for the following purposes: to send your username and email, and if requested by a site, birthdate and other responses to questions required to register for the site(s) you choose to follow so that you become a member of that site. you agree to comply with the rules, regulations, end-user license agreement, and terms of service of each such site. if you do not want to allow other users to follow you or your threads, please visit the profile settings>public profile section in the application to make certain information private where available. to contact you in connection with the service, which may include sending you periodic updates on trending discussions from the sites you follow, if you receive a “like” for one of your posts to a site, and/or if you were quoted in a post on a site. you may opt-out of receiving promotional mailings from us by following the instructions set forth in the email opt-out section below; to log you into the application with the information we receive from your use of facebook login or google + as described above; to provide user support and site administration; to improve the service; to enable advertising and standard advertising controls; to measure and report on advertising performance, trend analysis, and pattern detection; to protect the safety and security of users of the service or members of the public including acting in urgent circumstances; to protect or defend the legal rights or property of bob's watches, advertisers and other third parties, including business partners such as advertising businesses, as well as our corporate affiliates, in connection with the service; to investigate, deter, and report against fraudulent, unauthorized, or illegal activity, and/or risk management; and to comply with applicable law, rules, regulations, or legal process. sharing the information collected we share the information collected as follows: advertisers: we share information collected with advertisers and other third parties, including business partners such as advertising businesses who are obligated to comply with applicable laws concerning usage of the information, as well as our corporate affiliates, in connection with the service (such third parties and affiliates collectively, “affiliates”). in addition, our affiliates may share this information with their own third-party business partners who may use the information either for themselves or on behalf of the applicable affiliate, each only for the purposes set forth in the section above headed “how we use information collected”; service providers: we share information collected with our service providers to facilitate some aspects of the service or perform functions on our behalf. these service providers may use information about you solely for the purpose of providing these services to us or on our behalf; sites you choose to follow: we share your name, username, and email with the site(s) you choose to follow so that you become a member of that site; legal and other purposes: we may share information collected with law enforcement, regulatory authorities, courts with competent jurisdiction, emergency services, or other necessary third parties for legal, protection, security, and safety purposes; business transfers: we may share information collected in connection with the sale or transfer of all or a part of our business or assets to a third party buyer. information our vendors and other third parties collect analytics service providers we may allow certain third party analytics service providers to collect the anonymous data received from cookies and web beacons on our behalf, and to retain and use this data themselves. in addition, we may allow these service providers to include web beacons within the pages of the websites and anonymous identifiers on the application. we may also share portions of our log file data, including ip addresses, with these service providers for analytics purposes. these service providers aggregate information about what you see and interact with on the websites and on the application. these service providers offer information about their data collection practices, and in some cases, an opt-out, on their respective websites. to obtain a list of these service providers in order to request their privacy policy information and learn about the controls that may be available to you, please contact us using the details in the “contact information” section below. advertisements; ad networks; other third parties we may allow certain third party companies to serve advertisements to you and collect anonymous information regarding your use of the service. typically, these companies are third party ad servers, ad agencies, technology vendors, providers of sponsored content, and research firms, and they may include cookies and web beacons within the websites, or other tracking methodologies such as anonymous device identifiers on the websites and/or within the application to collect anonymous information in order to provide customized content and/or ads of interest, auditing, research and reporting for us, our partners, and advertisers when you visit certain pages of the websites or application, and other websites or applications. for example, because your web browser requests these advertisements and/or web beacons from the third-party’s web servers, these companies can view, edit or set their own cookies, just as if you had requested a webpage from their website directly. when you view or interact with an advertisement, the possibility exists that these companies will make the assumption that you are interested in the subject matter of the advertisements. in addition, we or our data partner(s) may collect and store a unique identifier matched to your mobile device, in order to deliver customized ads or content while you use the service or other websites or applications, or to seek to identify you in a unique manner across other devices or browsers. in order to customize these ads or content, we or our data partner(s) may connect de-identified demographic or other data about you (received from third parties) either to data you voluntarily submitted to us (such as your email address), or to data automatically collected from you (such as your device identifier or ip address). however, we will only share your email address with our data partners in hashed, non-human readable form. the above third party companies offer information about their data collection practices, and in some cases, an opt-out of interest-based advertising (ads targeted to your interests), on their respective websites. to obtain a list of these third parties in order to request their privacy policy information and learn about the controls that may be available to you, please contact us using the details in the “contact information” section below. you can also learn more about ad serving companies and opt-out capabilities at the network advertising initiative website, digital advertising alliance website, digital advertising alliance of canada, or european interactive advertising digital alliance. please note that these opt-outs operate by placing a cookie on your device that is unique to the browser and device you use to opt-out. they may not function properly if you configured your browser to reject certain cookies. if you change browsers or computers, or delete the cookies on your computer, you will need to opt-out again. you also may be able to set your browser to notify you when a cookie is being set and to block most cookies. your mobile device may give you the ability to opt-out of interest-based advertising (“limit ad tracking” on ios devices or “opt out of interest-based ads” or “opt out of ads personalization” on android devices). links the service may contain links to websites or applications not operated by bob's watches. the service may also carry advertisements from third party companies not associated with us. we are not responsible for the privacy practices of websites or applications or other services operated by third parties that are linked to or integrated with the service, or for the privacy practices of third party advertising companies. once you leave the service via a link, access a website, a third party application, or click on an advertisement, you should check the applicable privacy policy of the website or application to determine, for example, how they will handle the information they collect about you. widgets we may include a widget from a third party on the websites or application that allows interaction or content sharing by users. “widgets” are mini-programs (such as a facebook “share” or “like” button) that provide specific services or content from a third party. the third party providing the widget may offer controls for you to manage the widget’s appearance and functionality. your interaction with a widget typically allows the third party to collect some information about you through the third party’s cookies or its registration information. in some cases, the third party may recognize you through its widgets and cookies even when you do not interact with the widget. to obtain a list of these third parties in order to request their privacy policy information and learn about the controls that may be available to you, please contact us using the details in the “contact information” section below. legal basis for processing information (eea users only) if you a user located in the european economic area, our legal basis for collecting and using the information described above depends on the type of information concerned and the specific context in which we collect it. we may rely on our legitimate interest to collect information from you, except where such interests are overridden by your data protection interests or fundamental rights and freedoms. where we rely on our legitimate interests to collect and process information about you, they include the interests described in the section above headed “how we use the information collected”. however, in some cases, we may rely on your consent or have a legal obligation to collect the information from you, or may otherwise need the information to protect your and/or our vital interests or those of another person or entity. if we rely on your consent to collect and/or process information about you, we will obtain such consent in compliance with applicable laws. if you have questions about or want further information concerning the legal basis on which we collect and use information about you, please contact us using the details in the “contact information” section below european data subject rights if you are a resident of a country in the european economic area (“eea”), you have certain rights and protections under the law regarding the collection, processing, and use of information about you. as set forth above, the information that we collect about you when you use the service may include certain digital identifiers that are considered “personal data” under european law. we process this data either as it is necessary to further our legitimate interest and/or pursuant to your consent. as a resident of a country in the eea, you have the right to: (i) request access and obtain a copy of the information we collect about you; (ii) request rectification or erasure; (iii) restrict the processing of such information; and (iv) if applicable, data portability. in certain circumstances, you may also have the right to object to the processing of such information. if you would like to exercise any of these rights, please contact us using the details in the “contact information” section below. please note that because most of the information we collect and maintain about you can only identify a particular browser or device, and cannot identify you individually, you may need to provide us with additional information to enable us to identify the information we have about you and ensure that we accurately fulfill your request. although we use good faith efforts to respond to your request, we may not be able to provide and/or correct the requested information in all situations. for example, we may not be able to provide the information requested if it imposes an undue burden or expense, requires us to release confidential commercial information, or requires the disclosure of information relating to another person. finally, as a resident of the eea, you have the right to lodge a complaint about our processing of personal data with a european data protection authority. for contact details of your relevant local data protection authority, please see here: http://ec.europa.eu/justice/data-protection/article-29/structure/data-protection-authorities/index_en.htm. closing your account; deleting information our goal is delete the bob's watches account you requested within 30 days of receiving your written request. for the website, we will delete your email, ip address, username and your profile information. we will also delete your posting and images tied to your username. because we do not control all other sites, please contact the site owner to delete your account information. if you remove the application or close your bob's watches account, we will use reasonable efforts to ensure that information about you is no longer accessible or used by the service. however, as permitted by applicable law, we retain and may use information about you as necessary to comply with our legal and/or financial obligations, resolve disputes, enforce our agreements, and other legitimate purposes (including, for document retention and security purposes). please contact us using the details in the “contact information” section below to close your bob's watches account or request changes or modification of the information you previously provided to us. security bob's watches uses industry-standard physical, electronic, and procedural measures designed to safeguard the information in our possession against loss, theft and unauthorized use, disclosure, or modification. however, please note no transmission of information via the internet or electronic storage solution can be guaranteed to be completely secure, although we take reasonable precautions to protect against security incidents. retention of information we do not store information longer than we need it. the cookies we set expire no later than 30 days after they were last accessed. we typically store the information collected, such as ip address and other information described above until the next login. when we no longer need the information collected, it is deleted from either the cookies or our servers (as applicable). in some cases, we may keep some information for longer periods of time where required under certain laws or to comply with law enforcement or regulatory requests, which for example may include, those relating to corporate governance, taxation, money laundering and financial reporting legislation. email opt out you may opt-out of receiving promotional emails from us, by clicking on the “unsubscribe” link in the emails you receive from us. you can also manage your email settings for the website by going to your profile settings>board preferences>edit notification settings. you can manage email preferences in the application by going to profile settings>general>email notifications. changes to this privacy policy from time-to-time, bob's watches may modify this privacy policy to reflect industry initiatives, regulatory reasons, changes in the law, our information collection and use practices, or changes in the features of the service or technology. therefore, it is important that you review this privacy policy regularly to ensure you are updated as to any changes. if bob's watches materially changes our practices regarding collection or use of information about you, such information will continue to be governed by the privacy policy under which it was collected unless you have been provided notice of, and the opportunity to choose not to have information about you used as described in the revised privacy policy before such changes take effect, which may require that you stop using the service and deactivate your bob's watches account, as outlined above contact information if you have any questions or concerns about this privacy policy, please contact us at privacy@bobswatches.com or at: residents outside of the european economic area: bob's watches attn: privacy officer 1900 quail st, newport beach, ca 92660 european economic area residents: bob's watches attn: data protection officer 1900 quail st, newport beach, ca 92660 important note: the data controller of european economic area residents’ information is bob's watches at the above address. california privacy rights your california consumer privacy rights california residents may be entitled to additional rights under the california consumer privacy act of 2018 ("ccpa").  to understand your rights as a california resident please see our privacy notice for california residents at https://www.bobswatches.com/privacy-policy/ccpa-privacy-notice let me know if you have any questions.  i am asking paul if he wants to overhaul the underlying privacy policy and i'll get back to you shortly with his decision.  if he does then we will have additional edits to that policy and will insert contact info for our company in the underlying privacy policy as well.  call me if you have any questions: 949-233-1115 google analytics this website uses google analytics, a web analytics service provided by google, inc. (“google”). google analytics uses “cookies”, which are text files placed on your computer, to help the website analyze how users use the site. the information generated by the cookie about your use of the website (including your ip address truncated by the last octet prior to its storage using the “_anonymizeip()” method) will be transmitted to and stored by google on servers in the united states . google will use this information for the purpose of evaluating your use of the website, compiling reports on website activity for website operators and providing other services relating to website activity and internet usage. google may also transfer this information to third parties where required to do so by law, or where such third parties process the information on google’s behalf. google will not associate your ip address with any other data held by google. you may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser, however please note that if you do this you may not be able to use the full functionality of this website. by using this website, you consent to the processing of data about you by google in the manner and for the purposes set out above. you can opt-out from being tracked by google analytics with effect for the future by downloading and installing google analytics opt-out browser addon for your current web browser: https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout trusted proven to be trusted by thousands, with 5-star customer service rating. certified pre-owned all watches are meticulously inspected and authenticated by experts. best price we're committed to offering the best prices through our low-price guarantee. the most trusted online retailer for pre-owned rolex watchespurchase with confidence as the most trusted name in luxury watches, with the largest inventory on-hand and ready for immediate sale, bob's watches is the foremost destination to find the best in authentic, pre-owned luxury accessories. so whether on the hunt for a new pre-owned ceramic no date submariner, or a vintage paul newman daytona, bob's is your primary source to find the best-of-the-best in pre-owned luxury goods at unbeatable prices. are you on the list? subscribe for the latest rolex news bob's watches careers authenticity pledge buyers protection plan about bob's testimonial reviews press bob's rolex usa bob's watches wikipedia scholarship site map services & support terms & conditions seller terms & conditions privacy policy consignor terms contact us faq resources blog about rolex buying & selling rolex financing sell your rolex how to sell used rolex prices rolex serial numbers rolex models used men's rolex why buy from us shipping & returns u.s. shipping international shipping returns warranty 1900 quail st newport beach, ca 92660 mon - fri 9am - 5pm (pst) have a question? (800) 494-3708 copyright bob's watches. all rights reserved. bob's watches is not affiliated with rolex s.a., rolex usa, or any of its subsidiaries. bob's watches is an independent watch dealer and is not sponsored by, associated with and/or affiliated with rolex, or any other brand listed. bob's watches only sells pre-owned watches and provides its own warranties on the watches it sells. rolex datejust, rolex day date president, submariner, presidential, explorer, sea dweller, super president, gmt master, gmt, yachtmaster, prince, milgauss, masterpiece, air king, cosmograph daytona, and pearlmaster, etc are all registered trademarks of the rolex corporation. all brands including brequet, cartier, audemars piguet, patek philippe, ulysse nardin, breitling and omega, etc are trademarks of their respective owners. scroll to top