来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20191207164655/https://www.bobswatches.com/about-us
================================================================================

specialists in vintage rolex, used and new - about bob's watches 100% certified authentic • low price guarantee log in | sign up view cart (800) 494-3708 1900 quail st, newport beach, ca 92660 (800) 494-3708 sign in cart empty cart? find your rolex rolex top models submariner gmt-master daytona datejust datejust ii day-date day-date ii all rolex watches air-king cellini date explorer explorer ii gmt-master ii ladies rolex milgauss oyster perpetual president sea-dweller sky-dweller vintage rolex yachtmaster yachtmaster ii shop by gender men's rolex women's rolex shop by price under $5,000 $5,000 - $10,000 $10,000 - $25,000 over $25,000 shop rolex watches explore rolex serial numbers > rolex prices > rolex financing > rolex models > rolex condition grading > rolex watch case sizes > rolex service repair > about rolex > sell your watch get your rolex price sell your rolex ( we pay more, guaranteed! ) ship your rolex watch get a box watches we buy sell rolex sell tudor sell omega sell panerai sell breitling sell oris sell piaget sell breguet sell cartier sell zenith sell patek philippe sell audemars piguet sell iwc sell vacheron constantin sell jaeger-lecoultre learn how it works > shop watches shop by brand rolex oris tudor omega panerai breguet zenith patek philippe audemars piguet iwc tissot ulysse nardin breitling cartier tag heuer jaeger-lecoultre parmigiani all luxury watches > shop by gender men's watches women's watches shop by price under $5,000 $5,000 - $10,000 over $10,000 new arrivals > watch accessories > watch financing > auctions > shop watches vintage rolex new arrivals about about bob's our story in the press trusted partners testimonials how we give back company contact us affiliates careers our locations trade program explore resources blog watch resources rolex history faqs how-to videos watch sizing editorial watch 101 buying guides gift guides rolex news watch reviews anatomy of a watch rolex top models submariner gmt-master daytona datejust datejust ii day-date day-date ii all rolex watches air-king cellini date explorer explorer ii gmt-master ii ladies rolex milgauss oyster perpetual president sea-dweller sky-dweller vintage rolex yachtmaster yachtmaster ii vintage rolex > shop by gender men's rolex women's rolex shop by price under $5,000 $5,000 - $10,000 $10,000 - $25,000 over $25,000 explore rolex serial numbers rolex prices rolex financing rolex models rolex condition grading rolex watch case sizes rolex service repair about rolex sell your watch sell your rolex > get a box > watches we buy sell rolex sell tudor sell omega sell panerai sell breitling sell oris sell piaget sell breguet sell cartier sell zenith sell patek philippe sell audemars piguet sell iwc sell vacheron constantin sell jaeger-lecoultre learn how it works > shop watches shop by brand rolex oris tudor omega panerai breguet zenith patek philippe audemars piguet iwc piaget ulysse nardin breitling cartier tag heuer jaeger-lecoultre parmigiani all luxury watches > shop by gender men's watches women's watches shop by price under $5,000 $5,000 - $10,000 over $10,000 watch accessories > watch financing > auctions > vintage rolex new arrivals about our story in the press trusted partners testimonials how we give back contact us affiliates careers our locations trade program explore blog watch resources rolex history faqs how-to videos watch sizing watch 101 buying guides gift guides rolex news watch reviews anatomy of a watch trusted partners how we give back call us email bob's watches bob's watches is the world's first and only pre-owned rolex exchange where consumers can buy, sell, and trade vintage and used rolex watches at true fair market value. we openly publish the current buy and sell values for each rolex model allowing us to serve as an online marketplace for buyers and sellers looking, quite simply, to get the best deal. unlike other companies, we specialize in used rolex watches, including pre-owned, vintage and antique timepieces, and pride ourselves in obtaining the very best results possible for our customers. our business philosophy is built on trust and integrity and in a very short time we have become the leading online destination for used rolex watches and vintage rolex expertise. and unlike other online watch companies, bob’s carries an actual inventory of watches. every watch on our site is in stock ready for sale. for more information about bob's watches, see our wikipedia page. customer service is our main mission "unlike many companies in search of maximizing a profit, our primary goal at bob’s watches is to create a trusted source to buy and sell pre-owned rolex watches. ensuring a positive experience for you is our primary mission. located in newport beach, ca, we are the largest and most trusted source to buy or sell a rolex."   - paul altieri all of our certified, authentic rolex watches have been carefully serviced and restored to mint condition. and while our business has grown rapidly over the past years, we hold strong to our commitment of offering the highest quality customer service. bob’s watches is accredited by the better business bureau with an a+ rating. the pre-owned rolex exchange buyers all buyers are looking to purchase a genuine rolex from a trusted reseller at the best price. to that end, we encourage our buyers to shop us on google shopping to discover how good our pricing really is. quick view rolex submariner 116610lnoyster bracelet, circa 2009rolex box & warranty card $9,795 $7,600 sell sellers rolex sellers have just one simple goal: to receive a fair price for their watch from a trusted buyer who will pay them in a timely manner. since we post our buy and sell prices openly on the site, sellers can be assured they are getting full market value. payment is wired the same day. mission statement & service culture admired but not easily replicated, bob’s is firmly grounded in our founding principles – in who we are and what our mission is. our goals and principles are guided by our devotion to creating the most trusted name in pre-owned rolex watches. bob’s watches is based in newport beach, california. the company has built its reputation over the years as being the "kelly blue" book for used rolex prices. to date, bob's is the only company that lists both the buy and sell price for every model so consumers can rest assured they are getting the best prices.  dealers, collectors, and consumers use its published "rolex pricing guide" to obtain accurate values. the market now changes much more frequently as global supply and demand forces move markets similar to the stock exchange.  with bob's, its always been about honesty through transparent pricing. 100% authenticity guaranteed all watches are 100% authentic with rolex factory parts. customer service our #1 goal is to make customers feel comfortable buying, selling, or trading their luxury items. $ transparency we publish the buy and sell prices for all watches to honor the fair market value for all products on our website. for more information, please call (800) 494-3708 the leadership paul altieri founder & ceo paul is the company's founder and ceo and one of the world's top rolex experts. he is responsible for all the day to day activities from purchasing, receiving, marketing and sales. paul now spends time focusing on the strategic vision of the company and overseeing customer service needs. paul is a graduate of boston college 1979 and resides in california with his family. favorite watch: rolex gmt-master ii 116710 joe alessandrini chief financial officer as cfo of the company, joe is responsible for leading the finance and legal teams. he also manages the growth of the sales network and the operations required in supporting sales and purchase transactions. with his background in business and finance, along with his personal fascination with rolex watches, joe consistently steers the company in the right direction on a daily basis. favorite watch: rolex no date submariner 114060 carol altieri chief operations officer as coo carol is responsible for overall operation of the company as well as product buy/sell pricing and management. carol continually creates and implements policies to stay ahead of growth while continuing to enhance the company's reputation as well as improve client relations by developing and executing strategies which increase the quality of customer service. carol worked in the film industry prior to bob’s watches and lives in orange county with paul and their two children. favorite watch: zenith daytona gold 16528 douglas kaplan chief commercial officer as the cco, douglas is responsible for the commercial strategy and the development of bob's watches to drive business growth and market share.  as a former executive at swatch group, douglas brings a wealth of knowledge, experience, and expertise to the company. favorite watch: omega speedmaster moonwatch the team sam berger vintage rolex specialist favorite watch: vintage rolex daytona 6263 justin morton photographer favorite watch: rolex milgauss 116400gv max berger sales representative favorite watch: submariner 16613 slate serti larry mendel service manager favorite watch: explorer ii 16570 black dial laura cohen sales representative favorite watch: rolex submariner 116610 san nghiem customer service rep favorite watch: rolex daytona 116500 george smsaryan sales/purchasing manager favorite watch: rolex 326934 harry tran watchmaker favorite watch: sea-dweller deepsea 116660 spencer lamoure marketing intern favorite watch: omega speedmaster moonwatch lizeth garcia photographer favorite watch: rolex explorer 214270 tara montgomery inventory manager favorite watch: rolex milgauss 116400v sarah ayar customer service rep favorite watch: rolex daytona 116506 ripley sellers senior editor favorite watch: rolex explorer 1655 fernando alcala data entry specialist favorite watch: rolex president 228238 christopher tran senior video producer favorite watch: patek philippe chris foerster marketing manager favorite watch: rolex datejust jared threatt favorite watch: rolex gmt jordan campbell service representative favorite watch: rolex 116610v louis davies sales representative favorite watch: rolex 116506 alexa nunes sales representative favorite watch: rolex submariner 16610 matthew williamson service representative favorite watch: rolex 116718 tom hayes watchmaker favorite watch: omega speedmaster sean ulibarri bob's watches favorite watch: rolex 116610 enrique mandujano bob's watches favorite watch: vintage rolex watches chaney getchell bob's watches favorite watch: rolex smurf billy tran bob's watches favorite watch: rolex hulk greg greiner cofounder favorite watch: rolex todd eisman ... favorite watch: rolex nora ellis ... favorite watch: rolex conrad merkel ... favorite watch: rolex austin wickwire ... favorite watch: rolex adam macias ... favorite watch: rolex join our team what people are saying about bob's watches 5/5 excellent i have made several purchases and one sales through bob’s. the order process, payment, processing, and most importantly delivery have all been absolutely flawless. very quick and efficient. i never look anywhere else for used rolex. november 30, 2019 5/5 excellent fantastic experience october 22, 2019 5/5 excellent watch was exactly as advertised and in excellent condition. thank you for providing top notch services! september 29, 2019 5/5 excellent superb site and transaction, phenominal delivery time. some slight confusion concerning the special discount at the time. i didn't receive it. no big deal i would not hesitate to purchase another rolex from bob's ! *** september 28, 2019 5/5 excellent the purchasing process was quick and easy once i finally made my selection. bob’s customer service was excellent. all my questions and concerns were addressed to my satisfaction. but most important of all, my husband loves his new watch! september 27, 2019 5/5 excellent very happy with the purchase of my 16710 gmt master. communication was very good and transaction went smoothly. buying a used rolex can be risky at best, i chose bob's based on their excellent reputation and the peace of mind that... september 27, 2019 5/5 excellent this was my 2nd transaction with bob's and i'm 100% satisfied with both. you get exactly what you see and the quality is perfect. look here before you buy anywhere else. september 26, 2019 5/5 excellent quick service and watch was exactly as described september 25, 2019 "bob's watches - one of the internet's biggest (and best) secondhand rolex marketplaces." "nothing beats the old-school cool factor of a collectible vintage rolex" "unlike competitors, bob's watches openly publishes the sale price..." "one of the largest watch trading sites." "in the benighted world of watch retail, bob’s is basically google." the wsj includes bob's watches in this insiders guide to the sometimes surprising factors that account for prestige timepieces' shocking price tags. continue readinggear patrol includes bob's watches as part of their daytona buying guide. continue readingpaul's picks: ceo of bob's watches fills us in on the top 4 rolex's of 2019 continue readingbob's watches tells business insider an interesting story about a woman who says she found a rare $250,000 rolex wedged in the cushions of a thrift-store couch she'd bought for $25 continue readingrobb report asks paul altieri for his recommendations on the best rolex models to collect, from a beginner's piece to the reference that will affirm your status as a collecting king. continue readingbob's watches joins forces with sotheby's for its annual rm sotheby's monterey classic car show. this collaborative effort sees the first of its kind with the pairing of highly-collectible (modern and vintage) wristwatches with ultra-rare classic sports cars. continue readingbob's watches is collaborating with sotheby's to offer 18 rare driving watches that will be paired with 18 cars. continue reading to learn morea collaboration between bob's watches and luxury auction house sotheby's has resulted in “watches online: the driver's collection. among the watches is a james bond rolex submariner and cars going to auction. continue readingwatches online: the driver's collection will be open for bidding exclusively online from 14–20 august with the full sale on view at monterey from 15–17 august. continue readingeach vintage car in rm sotheby's monterey auction is paired with a classic watch—here' s the breakdown... continue reading join the community bobswatches the latest in rolex news rolex news rolex sea-dweller 1665 tritium vs. rail dial april 05, 2020 read more rolex news a closer look at the rolex hulk ref. 116610lv april 04, 2020 read more rolex news shopping for luxury watches between $1k and $5k april 03, 2020 read more view all articles email us name: *phone: email address: *message: view our faqslive chat(800) 494-3708 bob's watches 1900 quail st. newport beach, ca 92660 (800) 494-3708(949) 476-9000 hours 9:00 am - 5:00 pm monday - friday trusted proven to be trusted by thousands, with 5-star customer service rating. certified pre-owned all watches are meticulously inspected and authenticated by experts. best price we're committed to offering the best prices through our low-price guarantee. the most trusted online retailer for pre-owned rolex watchespurchase with confidence as the most trusted name in luxury watches, with the largest inventory on-hand and ready for immediate sale, bob's watches is the foremost destination to find the best in authentic, pre-owned luxury accessories. so whether on the hunt for a new pre-owned ceramic no date submariner, or a vintage paul newman daytona, bob's is your primary source to find the best-of-the-best in pre-owned luxury goods at unbeatable prices. are you on the list? subscribe for the latest rolex news bob's watches careers authenticity pledge buyers protection plan about bob's testimonial reviews press bob's rolex usa bob's watches wikipedia scholarship site map services & support terms & conditions seller terms & conditions privacy policy consignor terms contact us faq resources blog about rolex buying & selling rolex financing sell your rolex how to sell used rolex prices rolex serial numbers rolex models used men's rolex why buy from us shipping & returns u.s. shipping international shipping returns warranty 1900 quail st newport beach, ca 92660 mon - fri 9am - 5pm (pst) have a question? (800) 494-3708 copyright bob's watches. all rights reserved. bob's watches is not affiliated with rolex s.a., rolex usa, or any of its subsidiaries. bob's watches is an independent watch dealer and is not sponsored by, associated with and/or affiliated with rolex, or any other brand listed. bob's watches only sells pre-owned watches and provides its own warranties on the watches it sells. rolex datejust, rolex day date president, submariner, presidential, explorer, sea dweller, super president, gmt master, gmt, yachtmaster, prince, milgauss, masterpiece, air king, cosmograph daytona, and pearlmaster, etc are all registered trademarks of the rolex corporation. all brands including brequet, cartier, audemars piguet, patek philippe, ulysse nardin, breitling and omega, etc are trademarks of their respective owners. scroll to top