来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20191207164655/https://www.bobswatches.com/
================================================================================

buy & sell rolex watches online | pre-owned, used & vintage | bob’s watches - submariner, president, datejust, daytona & more 100% certified authentic • low price guarantee log in | sign up view cart (800) 494-3708 1900 quail st, newport beach, ca 92660 (800) 494-3708 sign in cart empty cart? find your rolex rolex top models submariner gmt-master daytona datejust datejust ii day-date day-date ii all rolex watches > air-king cellini date explorer explorer ii gmt-master ii ladies rolex milgauss oyster perpetual president sea-dweller sky-dweller vintage rolex yachtmaster yachtmaster ii shop by gender men's rolex women's rolex shop by price under $5,000 $5,000 - $10,000 $10,000 - $25,000 over $25,000 shop rolex watches explore rolex serial numbers > rolex prices > rolex financing > rolex models > rolex condition grading > rolex watch case sizes > rolex service repair > about rolex > sell your watch get your rolex price sell your rolex ( we pay more, guaranteed! ) ship your rolex watch get a box watches we buy sell rolex sell tudor sell omega sell panerai sell breitling sell oris sell piaget learn how it works > sell cartier sell zenith sell patek philippe sell audemars piguet sell iwc sell vacheron constantin sell jaeger-lecoultre shop watches shop by brand rolex oris tudor omega panerai all luxury watches > zenith patek philippe audemars piguet iwc piaget breitling cartier tag heuer jaeger-lecoultre parmigiani shop by gender men's watches women's watches shop by price under $5,000 $5,000 - $10,000 over $10,000 new arrivals > watch accessories > watch financing > auctions > shop watches vintage rolex new arrivals about company about us contact us in the press faqs resources blog watch resources buying & shipping authenticity pledge buyer's protection plan u.s. shipping international shipping warranty the exchange concept rolex top models submariner gmt-master daytona datejust datejust ii day-date day-date ii all rolex watches air-king cellini date explorer explorer ii gmt-master ii ladies rolex milgauss oyster perpetual president sea-dweller sky-dweller vintage rolex yachtmaster yachtmaster ii vintage rolex > shop by gender men's rolex women's rolex shop by price under $5,000 $5,000 - $10,000 $10,000 - $25,000 over $25,000 explore rolex serial numbers rolex prices rolex financing rolex models rolex condition grading rolex watch case sizes rolex service repair about rolex sell your watch sell your rolex > get a box > watches we buy sell rolex sell tudor sell omega sell panerai sell breitling sell oris sell piaget sell cartier sell zenith sell patek philippe sell audemars piguet sell iwc sell vacheron constantin sell jaeger-lecoultre learn how it works > shop watches shop by brand rolex oris tudor omega panerai zenith patek philippe audemars piguet iwc piaget breitling cartier tag heuer jaeger-lecoultre parmigiani all luxury watches > shop by gender men's watches women's watches shop by price under $5,000 $5,000 - $10,000 over $10,000 watch accessories > watch financing > auctions > vintage rolex new arrivals about about us contact us in the press faqs blog watch resources authenticity pledge buyer's protection plan u.s. shipping international shipping warranty the exchange concept call us email low price guarantee x bob's watches is dedicated to always offering the best value to our customers. we will match the price, at the time of purchase, on a low price guarantee product if you find the same item at a lower price at a designated major online retailer. here's how: if you find a qualifying lower price online, call 1-800-494-3708 and direct a customer service agent to the web site with the lower price. on qualifying products, bob's watches will then verify the current price to complete the price match. purchase price shown is the cash wire price, and any payment method fees such as credit card fees, paypal fees, amazon fees, etc, will be added to the transaction total. prices may be higher if other payment methods are selected. some exclusions apply. see the list of designated major online retailers and full details. free overnight delivery x free priority overnight shipping on all orders applies to u.s. orders only. unlike many other websites that have special rules and lots of fine print , bobswatches.com offers free shipping on all domestic orders placed on our website, with no minimum order size or special exceptions. just because shipping is free doesn’t mean it should take a long time. bobswatches.com understands that getting your item quickly is important to you, so we make every effort to process your order as quickly as possible. the pre-ownedrolex exchange buy a rolex sell a rolex "bob's watches - one of the internet's biggest (and best) secondhand rolex marketplaces." esquire "(the) leading pre-owned and vintage rolex dealer" time "one of the largest online watch trading sites" wall street journal "makes the simple arithmetic that justifies buying a used rolex much clearer." men's journal "nothing beats the old-school cool factor of a collectible vintage rolex" la times "…in the benighted world of watch retail, bob's is basically google." techcrunch "bob's ranks #129 on inc 500 list of fastest growing companies!" inc 500 "the best place to buy (or sell) vintage rolex watches." the playboy club "an online exchange where models are traded like stocks" ocregister.com "a major player in the used rolex market" maxim "unlike competitors, bob's watches openly publishes the sale price…" forbes "creating consumer trust with an open pricing model" internet retailer rolex tudor omega oris panerai cartier breitling patek philippe all luxury watches shop our new arrivals now bid nowdaytona duo auction how tospot a fake rolex shop used rolex watches for sale rolex datejust rolex submariner rolex president rolex daytona rolex gmt rolex skydweller rolex yacht-master rolex explorer rolex seadweller rolex cellini vintage rolex rolex milgauss rolex airking tudor rolex date midsize rolex ladies datejust ladies president ladies yachtmaster ladies pearlmaster ladies vintage bob's daily articles omega speedmaster vs. rolex daytonabob's watches presents the rolex daytona duo auctionthe best entry-level mens luxury watches visit the blog shop our new arrivals now bid nowdaytona duo auction how tospot a fake rolex bob's daily articles omega speedmaster vs. rolex daytona december 07, 2019 view all articles rolex financing other luxury brands shop accessories read the reviews 4.8 2896 verified reviews in the past 12 months google customer reviews 5/5 i have made several purchases and one sales through bob’s. the order process, payment, processing, and most importantly delivery have all been absolutely flawless. very quick and efficient. i never look anywhere else for used rolex. november 30, 2019 5/5 fantastic experience october 22, 2019 5/5 watch was exactly as advertised and in excellent condition. thank you for providing top notch services! september 29, 2019 5/5 superb site and transaction, phenominal delivery time. some slight confusion concerning the special discount at the time. i didn't receive it. no big deal i would not hesitate to purchase another rolex from bob's ! *** september 28, 2019 5/5 the purchasing process was quick and easy once i finally made my selection. bob’s customer service was excellent. all my questions and concerns were addressed to my satisfaction. but most important of all, my husband loves his new watch! september 27, 2019 about bob's watches founded in 1999, bob's watches is the leading online marketplace for buying, selling and trading used rolex watches for men and women. with over 20 years of experience, and thousands of satisfied customers, we carry the world's largest selection of used rolex watches for sale as well as other top brands like omega, panerai, patek phillippe and more.  our pre-owned rolex exchange is known for providing excellent customer service and offering the best prices through our low-price guarantee.  all watches listed on our site are in stock and immediately available for free overnight shipping. our selection is meticulously inspected and authenticated by third-party experts, ensuring every luxury watch listed on our store is 100% certified authentic.  located in newport beach, california, we are proud members of the bbb, the iwjg, jewelers board of trade and the chamber of commerce. sell your rolex watch whether you are looking to buy, trade, or sell a rolex watch, you can always count on us to provide the best prices and the best service. our team of experts are professionals in their field and will thoroughly examine your rolex to arrive at the most current fair market valuation. we offer this level of service on all brands, but rolex is our specialty.  in the past 10 years, we have purchased more used, pre-owned and vintage rolex watches than anyone in the industry.  and we understand that selling a rolex can be a daunting experience so to that end we offer same-day immediate payment by check or wire, and your watch is insured from the second it leaves your possession. your trust is of paramount importance. we are the only retailer that offers transparent prices allowing our marketplace to serve as a "kelly blue book" for used rolex watches.  values and prices have significantly increased the past 5 years so it's important to sell your watch to a buyer that is dedicated to the brand and is up to date on current values.  we guarantee the best buy prices and can get you a firm quote in less than 1 day. why shop at bob's watches trust, honesty, and transparent pricing.  the company offers the largest and finest selection of used, pre-owned, and vintage luxury watches from brands including rolex, omega, patek phillippe, panerai , and more. it has become the ultimate destination for consumers looking to buy, sell, or trade certified pre-owned timepieces, attaining a bbb a+ rating, 5/5 stars in ekomi, and has been quoted and featured in many of the world's leading news publications. and unlike competitors, all watches are in stock ready for immediate overnight shipping.  visit our resources page to learn more about the company and its rich history. all watches are restored using established authorized repair shops using genuine parts. why do we specialize in rolex watches? rolex watches are synonymous with style, elegance, and sophistication. from its humble beginnings in london in 1905, to becoming one of the most revered brand names in the world. the company has and will always remain in the upper echelon of luxury timepieces. wearing one of these beautifully-designed wristwatches exudes a certain kind of style and grace unmatched in the watchmaking industry. few other brand names are enamored on such a broad scope, or so universally treasured on such an international scale. from the coveted vintage collection to the modern references such as the rolex submariner, the rolex day-date, the rolex gmt master, or the rolex datejust, there is a model to fit every style an investment, status symbol family heirloom everyone deserves their chance to shine, and accentuating your lifestyle with one of the many certified pre-owned pieces we have in our collection is an investment that not only transcends time, but maintains its integrity and sustains value far past tastes and trends. both men's rolex watches and women's rolex watches have become treasured family timepieces that have been passed down from generation to generation. looking for something special? we now offer a unique collection of fine authentic vintage rolex watches and invite you to browse the ever-changing selection. vintage rolex watches have become increasingly popular and values have spiked these past several years. our resident vintage rolex expert paul altieri has been an avid collector and watch enthusiast since 1980 and can be reached on the vintage rolex forums at paul.altieri.watches@gmail.com. best prices browse our online collection for the accessory that fits your budget and lifestyle. our selection is vast but singular in quality and affordability. bob’s strenuous process ensures the highest quality of used rolex watches, loose diamonds and estate jewelry. by focusing on luxury and integrity, our in-house experts can help pinpoint the exact specifications of our customers and guide them towards a piece that perfectly balances style, sophistication, and timeliness. the rest is up to the onlookers. the company consistently ranks as the "best place to buy a rolex". our selection we have an ever-evolving selection of men and women’s rolex models, with some representing modern timepiece aesthetics, and others bearing more spirited vintage design ethos - a category that has increased quite significantly in terms of value and popularity over the last several years.  along with a wide selection of new and used models for purchase, bob’s watches is the most trusted destination to sell vintage and contemporary rolex watches at full market value. our rolex serial numbers chart look-up tool (click here) helps owners learn when a specific piece was manufactured, and by filling out and submitting the form on our sell rolex page, viewers can get exact estimations on models in question. in addition, our youtube video helps visitors learn "how to spot a fake rolex." the rolex datejust from the first rolex datejust model, reference 4467 in 18 ct gold, created and launched by rolex in 1945, to the current models offered today like the 126234, 126334, 116300, 126200, 126284rbr, 116238, 116231 and more, there is a perfect watch configuration to fit your style and budget. famous celebrities from roger federer, one of the greatest tennis players of all time, to tiger woods, the brand is synonymous with luxury, prestige, and success. the rolex day date when it comes to innovation rolex did it right when they produced the first-ever watch to display both the date and the day back in 1956. the rolex day date is produced in both 18k gold or platinum. this model exudes both sophistication and class. omega watches omega:  a brand built on innovation and technology.  founded in 1848, the brand has become a global leader and has earned a reputation for quality, precision and durability. its products were the first to reach the moon through the apollo missions and they have been the official timekeeper for the olympics and the official sponsor of the james bond movies.  some popular models inside the omega watches lineup include:  the speedmaster, the seamaster, aqua terra, planet ocean, constellation, and de ville. the panerai collection if you are searching for a nice blend of italian design and swiss technology, you might want to take a closer look at our used panerai watches selection.  founded in 1860 in florence, italy this brand manufactures a selection of elegantly crafted timepieces. authentic luxury watches we pride ourselves on buying and selling nothing but genuine, 100% authentic timepieces. our in-house watch experts check and certify the authenticity of each and every piece so that customers are guaranteed to be purchasing a 100% real and genuine product. and to best accommodate our clients we go to great lengths to ensure we curate a selection that falls within their budget, while still focusing on pieces that can truly enhance a lifestyle. we strive to help each client find what they are looking for. from two-tone datejust watches to gold date date timepieces, we keep a large inventory on hand to ensure the best possible selection. some of our most popular rolex models below: submariner datejust datejust ii vintage rolex day date president day date ii daytona gmt master gmt master ii explorer explorer ii sea-dweller yacht-master yacht-master ii air-king milgauss cellini sky-dweiier women's rolex selling your pre-owned watch if you wish to sell a pre-owned model, customers can be rest assured that confidentiality, safety and security, and privacy protection is paramount to bob's watches. if you have been searching for a store to sell your watch let us help.  we take the utmost care and consideration when entrusted to handle such a high-caliber investment, and will do all we can to deliver an exceptional customer service experience. for over 5 years, bob's has been rated the "best place to sell a rolex". huge selection from a trusted name as the most trusted name in luxury watches, with the largest inventory on-hand and ready for immediate sale, bob's watches is the foremost destination to find the best in authentic, pre-owned luxury accessories. so whether on the hunt for a new pre-owned ceramic no date submariner, or a vintage paul newman daytona, bob's is your primary source to find the best-of-the-best in pre-owned luxury goods at unbeatable prices. bob's watches in the news the company has been featured in many of the world's largest and most respected news publications including but not limited to the wall street journal, the ny times, cnbc, fox news, barrons, forbes, fortune magazine, the los angeles times, time magazine, techcrunch, business insider, jck, and more. the company was recently ranked #129 of the fastest-growing private companies in america by inc 500 and the internet retailer hot 100. our founder & ceo paul altieri has been featured and interviewed by dozens of fashion and watch journalists over the years for his insight and knowledge and is widely considered one of the foremost experts on rolex watches. visit our press page to learn more. the most trusted site to buy or sell a pre-owned rolex  - forbes purchase with confidence bbb     awci     jbt     trustlock     camber of commerce newport beach     paypal verified     chrono24 trusted seller jmic     inc. 500     internet retailer hot 100     mondani web trusted dealer     fedex     ups worldwide     the hartford     internet retailer top 1000 are you on the list? subscribe for the latest rolex news company info careers authenticity pledge buyers protection plan about bob's bob's watches reviews press bob's rolex usa bob's watches wikipedia site map services & support terms & conditions seller terms & conditions privacy policy consignor terms contact us faq resources about rolex buying & selling rolex financing sell your rolex how to sell used rolex prices rolex serial numbers rolex models used men's rolex shipping & returns u.s. shipping international shipping returns warranty mon - fri 9am - 5pm (pst) extended holiday hours saturdays 10am - 2pm (pst)*purchases only have a question? (800) 494-3708 copyright bob's watches. all rights reserved. bob's watches is not affiliated with rolex s.a., rolex usa, or any of its subsidiaries. bob's watches is an independent watch dealer and is not sponsored by, associated with and/or affiliated with rolex, s.a. bob's watches only sells pre-owned rolex watches and provides its own warranties on the watches it sells. rolex, www.rolex.com, is under no obligation to warranty-service watches sold by bob's watches. rolex datejust, rolex day date president, submariner, presidential, explorer, sea dweller, super president, gmt master, gmt, yachtmaster, prince, milgauss, masterpiece, air king, cosmograph daytona, and pearlmaster are all registered trademarks of the rolex corporation ( rolex usa, rolex s.a.) to buy a new rolex watch, please visit rolex.com for a list of authorized rolex dealers near you.* sales tax on internet transactions is only collected on orders shipped to addresses in california or as otherwise required by law. ▲