来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20201231173735/https://www.bobswatches.com/about-us
================================================================================

specialists in vintage rolex, used and new - about bob's watches email call: 800.494.3708 text: 714.500.7958 100% certified authentic bob’s watches the trusted name in authenticated luxury timepieces every watch on our site is 100% certified authentic by watchcsa, the industry's leading independent authority on watch authentication. sign in bob's watches - the pre-owned rolex exchange rolex omega sell rolex new arrivals luxury watches shop by brand tudor breitling panerai patek philippe oris cartier tissot breguet audemars piguet ulysse nardin sell my watch > all luxury watches > watch accessories > auctions > shop by collection > shop watches vintage rolex more rolex 101 rolex serial numbers rolex prices rolex financing rolex models rolex condition grading rolex watch case size rolex service repair resources blog watch resources rolex history faqs how-to videos watch sizing articles editorial watch 101 buying guides gift guides rolex news watch reviews anatomy of a watch about bob's our story in the press trusted partners testimonials how we give back company contact us our locations trade program bob’s watches the trusted name in authenticated luxury timepieces every watch on our site is 100% certified authentic by watchcsa, the industry's leading independent authority on watch authentication. email call text rolex omega sell rolex new arrivals luxury watches tudor breitling panerai patek philippe oris cartier tissot breguet audemars piguet ulysse nardin sell my watch > all luxury watches > watch accessories > auctions > shop by collection > vintage rolex more rolex serial numbers rolex prices rolex financing rolex models rolex condition grading rolex watch case size rolex service repair blog watch resources rolex history faqs how-to videos watch sizing articles watch 101 buying guides gift guides rolex news watch reviews anatomy of a watch our story in the press trusted partners testimonials how we give back contact us our locations trade program call us email sign in bob's watches bob's watches is the world's first and only pre-owned rolex exchange where consumers can buy, sell, and trade vintage and used rolex watches at true fair market value. we openly publish the current buy and sell values for each rolex model allowing us to serve as an online marketplace for buyers and sellers looking, quite simply, to get the best deal. unlike other companies, we specialize in used rolex watches, including pre-owned, vintage and antique timepieces, and pride ourselves in obtaining the very best results possible for our customers. our business philosophy is built on trust and integrity and in a very short time we have become the leading online destination for used rolex watches and vintage rolex expertise. and unlike other online watch companies, bob’s carries an actual inventory of watches. every watch on our site is in stock ready for sale. for more information about bob's watches, see our wikipedia page. customer service is our main mission "unlike many companies in search of maximizing a profit, our primary goal at bob’s watches is to create a trusted source to buy and sell pre-owned rolex watches. ensuring a positive experience for you is our primary mission. located in newport beach, ca, we are the largest and most trusted source to buy or sell a rolex."   - paul altieri all of our certified, authentic rolex watches have been carefully serviced and restored to mint condition. and while our business has grown rapidly over the past years, we hold strong to our commitment of offering the highest quality customer service. bob’s watches is accredited by the better business bureau with an a+ rating. the pre-owned rolex exchange buyers all buyers are looking to purchase a genuine rolex from a trusted reseller at the best price. to that end, we encourage our buyers to shop us on google shopping to discover how good our pricing really is. quick view rolex thunderbird datejust 16253two tone jubilee bracelet, 36mmgold turn-o-graph bezel (1985) $5,895 $3,500 sell sellers rolex sellers have just one simple goal: to receive a fair price for their watch from a trusted buyer who will pay them in a timely manner. since we post our buy and sell prices openly on the site, sellers can be assured they are getting full market value. payment is wired the same day. mission statement & service culture admired but not easily replicated, bob’s is firmly grounded in our founding principles – in who we are and what our mission is. our goals and principles are guided by our devotion to creating the most trusted name in pre-owned rolex watches. bob’s watches is based in newport beach, california. the company has built its reputation over the years as being the "kelly blue" book for used rolex prices. to date, bob's is the only company that lists both the buy and sell price for every model so consumers can rest assured they are getting the best prices.  dealers, collectors, and consumers use its published "rolex pricing guide" to obtain accurate values. the market now changes much more frequently as global supply and demand forces move markets similar to the stock exchange.  with bob's, its always been about honesty through transparent pricing. 100% authenticity guaranteed all watches are 100% authentic with rolex factory parts. customer service our #1 goal is to make customers feel comfortable buying, selling, or trading their luxury items. $ transparency we publish the buy and sell prices for all watches to honor the fair market value for all products on our website. for more information, please call (800) 494-3708 the leadership paul altieri founder & ceo paul is the company's founder and ceo and one of the world's top rolex experts. he is responsible for all the day to day activities from purchasing, receiving, marketing and sales. paul now spends time focusing on the strategic vision of the company and overseeing customer service needs. paul is a graduate of boston college 1979 and resides in california with his family. favorite watch: rolex gmt-master ii 116710 joe alessandrini chief financial officer as cfo of the company, joe is responsible for leading the finance and legal teams. he also manages the growth of the sales network and the operations required in supporting sales and purchase transactions. with his background in business and finance, along with his personal fascination with rolex watches, joe consistently steers the company in the right direction on a daily basis. favorite watch: rolex no date submariner 114060 carol altieri chief operations officer as coo carol is responsible for overall operation of the company as well as product buy/sell pricing and management. carol continually creates and implements policies to stay ahead of growth while continuing to enhance the company's reputation as well as improve client relations by developing and executing strategies which increase the quality of customer service. carol worked in the film industry prior to bob’s watches and lives in orange county with paul and their two children. favorite watch: zenith daytona gold 16528 douglas kaplan chief commercial officer as the cco, douglas is responsible for the commercial strategy and the development of bob's watches to drive business growth and market share.  as a former executive at swatch group, douglas brings a wealth of knowledge, experience, and expertise to the company. favorite watch: omega speedmaster moonwatch the team chris foerster marketing manager favorite watch: rolex datejust john ward svp marketing favorite watch: rolex gmt jeremy everakes director of operations favorite watch: rolex sea-dweller george smsaryan purchasing manager favorite watch: rolex sky-dweller sam berger vintage rolex specialist favorite watch: vintage rolex daytona 6263 justin morton photographer favorite watch: rolex milgauss 116400gv max berger sales representative favorite watch: submariner 16613 slate serti larry mendel service manager favorite watch: explorer ii 16570 black dial laura cohen sales representative favorite watch: rolex submariner 116610 san nghiem customer service favorite watch: rolex daytona 116500 harry tran watchmaker favorite watch: sea-dweller deepsea 116660 spencer lamoure marketing & production associate favorite watch: omega speedmaster moonwatch lizeth garcia photographer favorite watch: rolex explorer 214270 tara montgomery inventory manager favorite watch: rolex milgauss 116400v sarah ayar customer service favorite watch: rolex daytona 116506 ripley sellers senior editor favorite watch: rolex explorer ii 1655 fernando alcala merchandising favorite watch: rolex president 228238 alexa nunes sales representative favorite watch: rolex submariner 16610 matthew williamson service representative favorite watch: rolex 116718 christopher tran senior video producer favorite watch: patek philippe stacy kainer customer service favorite watch: rolex chris ford digital marketing favorite watch: rolex 116610v kevin chapman ux/ui designer favorite watch: rolex 116610v laura freedman email marketing manager favorite watch: rolex 116506 emily social media favorite watch: rolex 116506 tom hayes watchmaker favorite watch: omega speedmaster enrique mandujano sales representative favorite watch: vintage rolex watches jacquelyn gavaldon sales representative favorite watch: rolex ashley glockner merchandising favorite watch: rolex brandon calatan customer service favorite watch: rolex jesse bielasiak sales representative favorite watch: rolex marco pascual sales representative favorite watch: rolex rebecca hodges human resources director favorite watch: rolex klarissa sanchez customer service favorite watch: rolex amy kanotz merchandising favorite watch: rolex brenda acosta sales representative favorite watch: rolex carol burton inventory manager favorite watch: rolex alex barnes customer service favorite watch: rolex barry valdez customer service favorite watch: rolex brandon may sales representative favorite watch: rolex justin redd service representative favorite watch: rolex makenzie evanson customer service favorite watch: rolex ryan cisneros customer service favorite watch: rolex greg greiner cofounder favorite watch: rolex join our team what people are saying about bob's watches 5/5 excellent regarding bob’s watches / *** when purchasing an item that is as expensive as a high quality pre owned rolex, you’d only hope for a great experience and great service....  when dealing with bob’s watches and specifically with *** in the service/sales... september 14, 2020 5/5 excellent i have made several purchases and one sales through bob’s. the order process, payment, processing, and most importantly delivery have all been absolutely flawless. very quick and efficient. i never look anywhere else for used rolex. november 30, 2019 5/5 excellent fantastic experience october 22, 2019 5/5 excellent watch was exactly as advertised and in excellent condition. thank you for providing top notch services! september 29, 2019 5/5 excellent superb site and transaction, phenominal delivery time. some slight confusion concerning the special discount at the time. i didn't receive it. no big deal i would not hesitate to purchase another rolex from bob's ! *** september 28, 2019 5/5 excellent the purchasing process was quick and easy once i finally made my selection. bob’s customer service was excellent. all my questions and concerns were addressed to my satisfaction. but most important of all, my husband loves his new watch! september 27, 2019 5/5 excellent very happy with the purchase of my 16710 gmt master. communication was very good and transaction went smoothly. buying a used rolex can be risky at best, i chose bob's based on their excellent reputation and the peace of mind that... september 27, 2019 5/5 excellent this was my 2nd transaction with bob's and i'm 100% satisfied with both. you get exactly what you see and the quality is perfect. look here before you buy anywhere else. september 26, 2019 "bob's watches - one of the internet's biggest (and best) secondhand rolex marketplaces." "nothing beats the old-school cool factor of a collectible vintage rolex" "unlike competitors, bob's watches openly publishes the sale price..." "one of the largest watch trading sites." "in the benighted world of watch retail, bob’s is basically google." the wsj includes bob's watches in this insiders guide to the sometimes surprising factors that account for prestige timepieces' shocking price tags. continue readinggear patrol includes bob's watches as part of their daytona buying guide. continue readingpaul's picks: ceo of bob's watches fills us in on the top 4 rolex's of 2019 continue readingbob's watches tells business insider an interesting story about a woman who says she found a rare $250,000 rolex wedged in the cushions of a thrift-store couch she'd bought for $25 continue readingrobb report asks paul altieri for his recommendations on the best rolex models to collect, from a beginner's piece to the reference that will affirm your status as a collecting king. continue readingbob's watches joins forces with sotheby's for its annual rm sotheby's monterey classic car show. this collaborative effort sees the first of its kind with the pairing of highly-collectible (modern and vintage) wristwatches with ultra-rare classic sports cars. continue readingbob's watches is collaborating with sotheby's to offer 18 rare driving watches that will be paired with 18 cars. continue reading to learn morea collaboration between bob's watches and luxury auction house sotheby's has resulted in “watches online: the driver's collection. among the watches is a james bond rolex submariner and cars going to auction. continue readingwatches online: the driver's collection will be open for bidding exclusively online from 14–20 august with the full sale on view at monterey from 15–17 august. continue readingeach vintage car in rm sotheby's monterey auction is paired with a classic watch—here' s the breakdown... continue reading join the community bobswatches the latest in rolex news rolex news the truth behind some popular rolex myths january 20, 2021 read more rolex news what's happening in the vintage watch world? january 18, 2021 read more rolex news fit for a king: rolex and dr. martin luther king jr. january 18, 2021 read more view all articles email us name: *phone: email address: *message: view our faqslive chat(800) 494-3708 bob's watches headquarters 1900 quail st. newport beach, ca 92660 (800) 494-3708(949) 476-9000 hours 9:00 am - 5:00 pm monday - friday maxim esquire inc 500 forbes time wall street journal trusted trusted proven to be trusted by thousands, with 5-star customer service rating. certified certified pre-owned all watches are meticulously inspected and authenticated by experts. best price$ best price we're committed to offering the best prices through our low-price guarantee. "the most trusted place to buy or sell a used luxury timepiece" – wsj awci jewelers board of trade iwjg trustlock spirit of enterprise paypal verified inc 500 fedex ups the hartford are you on the list? subscribe for the latest rolex news bob's watches careers authenticity pledge buyers protection plan about bob's affiliates testimonial reviews press bob's rolex usa bob's watches wikipedia scholarship site map services & support terms & conditions seller terms & conditions privacy policy consignor terms contact us faq resources blog about rolex buying & selling rolex financing why buy from us shipping & returns u.s. shipping international shipping returns warranty 1900 quail st newport beach, ca 92660 by appointment only mon - fri 9am - 5pm (pst) have a question? (800) 494-3708 paypal visa apruve bolt mastercard american express discover copyright bob's watches. all rights reserved. bob's watches is not affiliated with rolex s.a., rolex usa, or any of its subsidiaries. bob's watches is an independent watch dealer and is not sponsored by, associated with and/or affiliated with rolex, or any other brand listed. bob's watches only sells pre-owned watches and provides its own warranties on the watches it sells. rolex datejust, rolex day date president, submariner, presidential, explorer, sea dweller, super president, gmt master, gmt, yachtmaster, prince, milgauss, masterpiece, air king, cosmograph daytona, and pearlmaster, etc are all registered trademarks of the rolex corporation. all brands including brequet, cartier, audemars piguet, patek philippe, ulysse nardin, breitling and omega, etc are trademarks of their respective owners. sell my watch scroll to top