来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20211223040420/https://www.bobswatches.com/terms-and-conditions
================================================================================

terms & conditions - bob's watches email call: 800.494.3708 text: 714.500.7958 100% certified authentic bob’s watches the trusted name in authenticated luxury timepieces every watch on our site is 100% certified authentic. certificates are issued by watchcsa, the industry's leading independent authority on watch authentication. sign in bob's watches - the pre-owned rolex exchange rolex omega sell rolex new arrivals luxury watches shop other brands tudor breitling panerai patek philippe oris cartier tissot breguet grand seiko ulysse nardin sell my watch > all luxury watches > watch accessories > auctions > shop by collection > shop watches vintage rolex more rolex 101 rolex serial numbers rolex prices rolex financing rolex models how-to videos rolex history resources blog watch resources faqs articles gift guides about bob's about us contact us our locations trade program bob's certified pre-owned bob’s watches the trusted name in authenticated luxury timepieces every watch on our site is 100% certified authentic. certificates are issued by watchcsa, the industry's leading independent authority on watch authentication. email call text rolex omega sell rolex new arrivals luxury watches tudor breitling panerai patek philippe oris cartier tissot breguet grand seiko ulysse nardin sell my watch > all luxury watches > watch accessories > auctions > shop by collection > vintage rolex more rolex serial numbers rolex prices rolex financing rolex models rolex condition grading rolex watch case size rolex service repair blog watch resources rolex history faqs how-to videos watch sizing articles watch 101 buying guides gift guides rolex news watch reviews anatomy of a watch about us in the press trusted partners testimonials how we give back contact us our locations trade program bob's certified pre-owned call us email sign in low price guarantee x bob's watches is dedicated to always offering the best value to our customers. we will match the price, at the time of purchase, on a low price guarantee product if you find the same item at a lower price at a designated major online retailer. here's how: if you find a qualifying lower price online, call 1-800-494-3708 and direct a customer service agent to the web site with the lower price. on qualifying products, bob's watches will then verify the current price to complete the price match. purchase price shown is the cash wire price, and any payment method fees such as credit card fees, paypal fees, amazon fees, etc, will be added to the transaction total. prices may be higher if other payment methods are selected. some exclusions apply. see the list of designated major online retailers and full details. free overnight delivery x free priority overnight shipping on all orders applies to u.s. orders only. unlike many other websites that have special rules and lots of fine print , bobswatches.com offers free shipping on all domestic orders placed on our website, with no minimum order size or special exceptions. just because shipping is free doesn’t mean it should take a long time. bobswatches.com understands that getting your item quickly is important to you, so we make every effort to process your order as quickly as possible. bob'sterms & conditionsbob's watches' general terms and conditions these bob's watches general terms and conditions ("agreement") set forth the general terms and conditions of your use of the bobswatches.com website ("website"), "bob's watches" mobile application ("mobile application") and any of their related products and services (collectively, "services") and use of any of bob’s watches or third-party’s trademarks, images, text or other data displayed through the services (collectively, "content"). this agreement is legally binding between you ("user", "you" or "your") and bob's watches ("bob's watches", "we", "us" or "our"). by accessing and using the services, you acknowledge that you have read, understood, and agree to be bound by the terms of this agreement. if you are entering into this agreement on behalf of a business or other legal entity, you represent that you have the authority to bind such entity to this agreement, in which case the terms "user", "you" or "your" shall refer to such entity. if you do not have such authority, or if you do not agree with the terms of this agreement, you must not accept this agreement and may not access and use the services. you acknowledge that this agreement is a contract between you and bob's watches, even though it is electronic and is not physically signed by you, and it governs your use of the services. this agreement is intended to supplement any additional terms of sale or conditions that are imposed by bob’s watches for use of our services that you explicitly or implicitly agree to when transacting with our company. if you are a seller then this agreement is in addition to bob's watches' "seller terms and conditions" which are available here: https://www.bobswatches.com/shipping-label-terms accounts and membership you must be at least 18 years of age to use the services. by using the services and by agreeing to this agreement you warrant and represent that you are at least 18 years of age. if you create an account on the services, you are responsible for maintaining the security of your account and you are fully responsible for all activities that occur under the account and any other actions taken in connection with it. we may, but have no obligation to, monitor and review new accounts before you may sign in and start using the services. providing false contact information of any kind may result in the termination of your account. you must immediately notify us of any unauthorized uses of your account or any other breaches of security. we will not be liable for any acts or omissions by you, including any damages of any kind incurred as a result of such acts or omissions. we may suspend, disable, or delete your account (or any part thereof) if we determine that you have violated any provision of this agreement or that your conduct or content would tend to damage our reputation and goodwill. if we delete your account for the foregoing reasons, you may not re-register for our services. we may block your email address and internet protocol address to prevent further registration. no ownership of services or content by using bob’s watches services and content you are granted a limited, nonexclusive, non-sublicensable, nontransferable, revocable, limited license to access and use the services and content in accordance with this agreement. bob’s watches may terminate this license at any time for any reason.  no other license rights or title or ownership are granted except as expressly set forth in this agreement. billing and payments you shall pay all fees or charges to your account in accordance with the fees, charges, and billing terms in effect at the time a fee or charge is due and payable. where services are offered on a free trial basis, payment may be required after the free trial period ends, and not when you enter your billing details (which may be required prior to the commencement of the free trial period). sensitive and private data exchange happens over a ssl secured communication channel and is encrypted and protected with digital signatures, and the services are also in compliance with pci vulnerability standards in order to create as secure of an environment as possible for users. scans for malware are performed on a regular basis for additional security and protection. if, in our judgment, your purchase constitutes a high-risk transaction, we will require you to provide us with a copy of your valid government-issued photo identification, and possibly a copy of a recent bank statement for the credit or debit card used for the purchase. we reserve the right to change products and product pricing at any time. we also reserve the right to refuse any order you place with us. we may, in our sole discretion, limit or cancel quantities purchased per person, per household or per order. these restrictions may include orders placed by or under the same customer account, the same credit card, and/or orders that use the same billing and/or shipping address. in the event that we make a change to or cancel an order, we may attempt to notify you by contacting the e-mail and/or billing address/phone number provided at the time the order was made. accuracy of information occasionally there may be information on the services that contains typographical errors, inaccuracies or omissions that may relate to product descriptions, pricing, promotions and offers. we reserve the right to correct any errors, inaccuracies or omissions, and to change or update information or cancel orders if any information on the services or services is inaccurate at any time without prior notice (including after you have submitted your order). we undertake no obligation to update, amend or clarify information on the services including, without limitation, pricing information, except as required by law. no specified update or refresh date applied on the services should be taken to indicate that all information on the services or services has been modified or updated. prices & payment method fees purchase prices shown is the cash wire price and any payment method fees such as credit card fees, paypal fees, amazon fees, etc, will be added to the transaction total. bob's watches is not affiliated with amazon, paypal, sezzle, or any other third party.  all watch sales where sezzle financing is selected works off of the regular price of the item.  you hereby acknowledge and understand that the initial purchase offer estimate from bob’s watches is a preliminary estimate only based on other similar watches we have bought and sold in the recent past. these market prices are subject to change without notice and we reserve the right to make changes as necessary to reflect market conditions. this offer estimate represents the highest possible price we could pay you for your watch if it is in perfect salable condition, in need of no repairs or services as outlined below. such restoration services are needed to place the watch in "like new" salable condition. all estimates are for watches that have their original box and papers and have all the links for the bracelets. these costs are then deducted from the original estimate to arrive at a firm purchase offer. all purchases are final except as the law permits. coupons, discounts, rules and exclusions this important information below contains important information and disclaimers please take a minute and read it. bob's watches deserves the right to change, modify or amend these coupon rules and exclusions without prior notice. your continued use of the site and all business communication and transactions with bob's watches or any affiliate of bob's watches shall be deemed to be your agreement to be bound by any such modifications, alterations or updated. unless stated otherswise on a coupon, discount, deal, in an email or on our official website (www.bobswatches.com), all of our promotional coupons, discounts and deals expire 30 days from date you signed up for the newsletter or offer. coupons have no cash value, may not be combined with any other coupons or discounts, are and are valid for website purchases only at www.bobswatches.com online checkout. these codes can be redeemed only at bobswatches.com for one-time use only. code has no cash value, may not be combined with any other offers or promotions, will not be replaced if lost, and cannot be transferred or resold. if any fees included are more than maximum value of the code, you must pay the remaining balance with a valid payment method. the price difference between purchased and maximum value of the code will not be refunded. $100 off discount offered via the pop-up on bobswatches.com for subscribers to our newsletter and sms are only available to first time purchasers in the first 30 days. the $100 discount is automatically placed in your shopping cart and expires on the 31st day. all discounts void on any watch under $2,000. product information all products offered, including rolex submariner, are subject to prior sale. while bob’s watches has tried to accurately display shapes and colors of the products offered on the services, the actual colors you see mostly depend on your monitor and may not be accurate. unless otherwise stated, the word "original" is used herein to mean "factory original rolex". so for example, if a watch description states that the watch is 100% original, or that the dial is "original", it means that the watch is 100% factory rolex and that the dial is a " factory rolex" dial. it does not mean that the watch is in its original condition, or has all the same exact parts when it left the factory brand new. all watches go through our 3 step certification process: in-house authentication, authorized service repair facilities, and lastly, an independent 3rd party watch authentication by watchcsa provided for an additional fee at checkout. third party services if you decide to enable, access or use third party services, be advised that your access and use of such other services are governed solely by the terms and conditions of such other services, and we do not endorse, are not responsible or liable for, and make no representations as to any aspect of such other services, including, without limitation, their content or the manner in which they handle data (including your data) or any interaction between you and the provider of such other services. you irrevocably waive any claim against bob's watches with respect to such other third-party provided services. bob's watches is not liable for any damage or loss caused or alleged to be caused by or in connection with your enablement, access or use of any such other services, or your reliance on the privacy practices, data security processes or other policies of such other services. you may be required to register for or log into such other services on their respective platforms. by enabling any other services, you are expressly permitting bob's watches to disclose your data as necessary to facilitate the use or enablement of such other service. links to other resources although the services may link to other resources (such as websites, mobile applications, etc.), we are not, directly or indirectly, implying any approval, association, sponsorship, endorsement, or affiliation with any linked resource, unless specifically stated herein. we are not responsible for examining or evaluating, and we do not warrant the offerings of, any businesses or individuals or the content of their resources. we do not assume any responsibility or liability for the actions, products, services, and content of any other third parties. you should carefully review the legal statements and other conditions of use of any resource which you access through a link on the services. your linking to any other off-site resources is at your own risk. prohibited uses in addition to other terms as set forth in the agreement, you are prohibited from using the services or content: (a) for any unlawful purpose; (b) to solicit others to perform or participate in any unlawful acts; (c) to violate any international, federal, provincial or state regulations, rules, laws, or local ordinances; (d) to infringe upon or violate our intellectual property rights or the intellectual property rights of others; (e) to harass, abuse, insult, harm, defame, slander, disparage, intimidate, or discriminate based on gender, sexual orientation, religion, ethnicity, race, age, national origin, or disability; (f) to submit false or misleading information; (g) to upload or transmit viruses or any other type of malicious code that will or may be used in any way that will affect the functionality or operation of the services, third party products and services, or the internet; (h) to spam, phish, pharm, pretext, spider, crawl, or scrape; (i) for any obscene or immoral purpose; or (j) to interfere with or circumvent the security features of the services, third party products and services, or the internet. we reserve the right to terminate your use of the services and to restrict your access to content for violating any of the prohibited uses.  you hereby agree not to use the content except for your own personal use and enjoyment of the services offered by bob’s watches. intellectual property rights "intellectual property rights" means all present and future rights conferred by statute, common law or equity in or in relation to any copyright and related rights, trademarks, designs, patents, inventions, goodwill and the right to sue for passing off, rights to inventions, rights to use, and all other intellectual property rights, in each case whether registered or unregistered and including all applications and rights to apply for and be granted, rights to claim priority from, such rights and all similar or equivalent rights or forms of protection and any other results of intellectual activity which subsist or will subsist now or in the future in any part of the world. this agreement does not transfer to you any intellectual property owned by bob's watches or third parties, and all rights, titles, and interests in and to such property will remain (as between the parties) solely with bob's watches. all trademarks, service marks, graphics and logos used in connection with the services, are trademarks or registered trademarks of bob's watches or its licensors. other trademarks, service marks, graphics and logos used in connection with the services may be the trademarks of other third parties. your use of the services grants you no right or license to reproduce or otherwise use any of bob's watches or third party trademarks.  trademarks or other intellectual property of other companies that may be displayed on bob’s watches’ website or through the services are owned by the respective company that owns the rights to such trademarks or intellectual property. user contributions the services may contain message boards, chat rooms, personal web pages or profiles, forums, bulletin boards, comment areas, reviews, and other interactive features (collectively, "interactive services") that allow users to post, submit, publish, display, or transmit to other users or other persons (hereinafter, "post") content or materials (collectively, "user contributions") on or through the services. all user contributions must comply with bob’s watches’ stated content standards set out in this agreement. any user contribution you post to the site will be considered non-confidential and non-proprietary. by providing any user contribution, you grant us and our affiliates and service providers, and each of their and our respective licensees, successors, and assigns the right to use, reproduce, modify, perform, display, distribute, and otherwise disclose to third parties any such material. you represent and warrant that: you own or control all rights in and to the user contributions and have the right to grant the license granted above to us and our affiliates and service providers, and each of their and] our respective licensees, successors, and assigns. all of your user contributions do and will comply with this agreement. you understand and acknowledge that you are responsible for any user contributions you submit or contribute, and you, not the company, have full responsibility for such content, including its legality, reliability, accuracy, and appropriateness. we are not responsible or liable to any third party for the content or accuracy of any user contributions posted by you or any other user of the services. monitoring and enforcement; termination we have the right to: remove or refuse to post any user contributions for any or no reason in our sole discretion. take any action with respect to any user contribution that we deem necessary or appropriate in our sole discretion, including if we believe that such user contribution violates this agreement, including the content standards, infringes any intellectual property right or other right of any person or entity, threatens the personal safety of users of the services or the public, or could create liability for the company. disclose your identity or other information about you to any third party who claims that material posted by you violates their rights, including their intellectual property rights or their right to privacy. take appropriate legal action, including without limitation, referral to law enforcement, for any illegal or unauthorized use of the services. terminate or suspend your access to all or part of the services for any or no reason, including without limitation, any violation of this agreement. without limiting the foregoing, we have the right to cooperate fully with any law enforcement authorities or court order requesting or directing us to disclose the identity or other information of anyone posting any materials on or through the services. you waive and hold harmless bob’s watches and its affiliates, licensees, and service providers from any claims resulting from any action taken by any of the foregoing parties during, or taken as a consequence of, investigations by either such parties or law enforcement authorities. however, we do not undertake to review all material before it is posted on our services, and cannot ensure prompt removal of objectionable material after it has been posted. accordingly, we assume no liability for any action or inaction regarding transmissions, communications, or content provided by any user or third party. we have no liability or responsibility to anyone for performance or nonperformance of the activities described in this section. content standards these content standards apply to any and all user contributions and use of interactive services. user contributions must in their entirety comply with all applicable federal, state, local, and international laws and regulations. without limiting the foregoing, user contributions must not: contain any material that is defamatory, obscene, indecent, abusive, offensive, harassing, violent, hateful, inflammatory, or otherwise objectionable. promote sexually explicit or pornographic material, violence, or discrimination based on race, sex, religion, nationality, disability, sexual orientation, or age. infringe any patent, trademark, trade secret, copyright, or other intellectual property or other rights of any other person. violate the legal rights (including the rights of publicity and privacy) of others or contain any material that could give rise to any civil or criminal liability under applicable laws or regulations or that otherwise may be in conflict with this agreement and our privacy policy [link to privacy policy]. be likely to deceive any person. promote any illegal activity, or advocate, promote, or assist any unlawful act. cause annoyance, inconvenience, or needless anxiety or be likely to upset, embarrass, alarm, or annoy any other person. impersonate any person, or misrepresent your identity or affiliation with any person or organization. involve commercial activities or sales, such as contests, sweepstakes, and other sales promotions, barter, or advertising. give the impression that they emanate from or are endorsed by us or any other person or entity, if this is not the case. copyright infringement if you believe that any user contributions violate your copyright, please contact us at the email address below so that we may provide information and instructions on sending us a notice of copyright infringement. it is the policy of the company to terminate the user accounts of repeat infringers. linking to the website and social media features you may link to our homepage, provided you do so in a way that is fair and legal and does not damage our reputation or take advantage of it, but you must not establish a link in such a way as to suggest any form of association, approval, or endorsement on our part. the services may provide certain social media features that enable you to: link from your own or certain third-party websites to certain content on the services. send emails or other communications with certain content, or links to certain content, on this services. cause limited portions of content on the services to be displayed or appear to be displayed on your own or certain third-party websites. you may use these features solely as they are provided by us solely with respect to the content they are displayed with, and otherwise in accordance with any additional terms and conditions we provide with respect to such features. subject to the foregoing, you must not: establish a link from any website that is not owned by you. cause the website or portions of it to be displayed on, or appear to be displayed by, any other site, for example, framing, deep linking, or in-line linking. link to any part of the services other than the homepage. otherwise take any action with respect to the materials on the services that is inconsistent with any other provision of this agreement. the website from which you are linking, or on which you make certain content accessible, must comply in all respects with the content standards set out in this agreement. you agree to cooperate with us in causing any unauthorized framing or linking immediately to stop. we reserve the right to withdraw linking permission without notice. we may disable all or any social media features and any links at any time without notice in our discretion. links from the website if the services contain links to other sites and resources provided by third parties, these links are provided for your convenience only. this includes links contained in advertisements, including banner advertisements and sponsored links. we have no control over the contents of those sites or resources, and accept no responsibility for them or for any loss or damage that may arise from your use of them. if you decide to access any of the third-party websites linked to this website, you do so entirely at your own risk and subject to the terms and conditions of use for such websites. geographic restrictions the owner of the services is based in the state of california in the united states. we provide the services for use only by persons located in the united states. we make no claims that the services or any of its content is accessible or appropriate outside of the united states. access to the services may not be legal by certain persons or in certain countries. if you access the services from outside the united states, you do so on your own initiative and are responsible for compliance with local laws. disclaimer of warranty you agree that such service and content are provided on an "as is" and "as available" basis and that your use of the services and content is solely at your own risk. we expressly disclaim all warranties of any kind, whether express or implied, including but not limited to the implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose and non-infringement. we make no warranty that the services will meet your requirements, or that the service will be uninterrupted, timely, secure, or error-free; nor do we make any warranty as to the results that may be obtained from the use of the service or as to the accuracy or reliability of any information obtained through the service or that defects in the service will be corrected. you understand and agree that any material and/or data downloaded or otherwise obtained through the use of service is done at your own discretion and risk and that you will be solely responsible for any damage or loss of data that results from the download of such material and/or data. we make no warranty regarding any goods or services purchased or obtained through the service or any transactions entered into through the service unless stated otherwise. no advice or information, whether oral or written, obtained by you from us or through the service shall create any warranty not expressly made herein. limitation of liability to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, in no event will bob's watches, its affiliates, directors, officers, employees, agents, suppliers or licensors be liable to any person for any indirect, incidental, special, punitive, cover or consequential damages (including, without limitation, damages for lost profits, revenue, sales, goodwill, use of content, impact on business, business interruption, loss of anticipated savings, loss of business opportunity) however caused, under any theory of liability, including, without limitation, contract, tort, warranty, breach of statutory duty, negligence or otherwise, even if the liable party has been advised as to the possibility of such damages or could have foreseen such damages. to the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, the aggregate liability of bob's watches and its affiliates, officers, employees, agents, suppliers and licensors relating to the services will be limited to an amount greater of one dollar or any amounts actually paid in cash by you to bob's watches for the prior one month period prior to the first event or occurrence giving rise to such liability. the limitations and exclusions also apply if this remedy does not fully compensate you for any losses or fails of its essential purpose. limitation on time to file claims any cause of action or claim you may have arising out of or relating to this agreement or the services must be commenced within one (1) year after the cause of action accrues; otherwise, such cause of action or claim is permanently barred. indemnification you agree to indemnify and hold bob's watches and its affiliates, directors, officers, employees, agents, suppliers and licensors harmless from and against any liabilities, losses, damages or costs, including reasonable attorneys' fees, incurred in connection with or arising from any third party allegations, claims, actions, disputes, or demands asserted against any of them as a result of or relating to your content, your use of the services or any willful misconduct on your part. severability all rights and restrictions contained in this agreement may be exercised and shall be applicable and binding only to the extent that they do not violate any applicable laws and are intended to be limited to the extent necessary so that they will not render this agreement illegal, invalid or unenforceable. if any provision or portion of any provision of this agreement shall be held to be illegal, invalid or unenforceable by a court of competent jurisdiction, it is the intention of the parties that the remaining provisions or portions thereof shall constitute their agreement with respect to the subject matter hereof, and all such remaining provisions or portions thereof shall remain in full force and effect. dispute resolution the formation, interpretation, and performance of this agreement and any disputes arising out of it shall be governed by the substantive and procedural laws of california, united states without regard to its rules on conflicts or choice of law and, to the extent applicable, the laws of united states. the exclusive jurisdiction and venue for actions related to the subject matter hereof shall be the courts located in california, united states, and you hereby submit to the personal jurisdiction of such courts. you hereby waive any right to a jury trial in any proceeding arising out of or related to this agreement. the united nations convention on contracts for the international sale of goods does not apply to this agreement. assignment you may not assign, resell, sub-license or otherwise transfer or delegate any of your rights or obligations hereunder, in whole or in part, without our prior written consent, which consent shall be at our own sole discretion and without obligation; any such assignment or transfer shall be null and void. we are free to assign any of its rights or obligations hereunder, in whole or in part, to any third party as part of the sale of all or substantially all of its assets or stock or as part of a merger. changes and amendments we reserve the right to modify this agreement or its terms relating to the services at any time, effective upon posting of an updated version of this agreement on the services. when we do, we will revise the updated date at the bottom of this page. continued use of the services after any such changes shall constitute your consent to such changes. governing law and jurisdiction all matters relating to the services and this agreement, and any dispute or claim arising therefrom or related thereto (in each case, including non-contractual disputes or claims), shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the internal laws of the state of california without giving effect to any choice or conflict of law provision or rule (whether of the state of california or any other jurisdiction). any legal suit, action, or proceeding arising out of, or related to, this agreement or the services shall be instituted exclusively in the federal courts of the united states or the courts of the state of california, in each case located in the city of santa ana and county of orange. you waive any and all objections to the exercise of jurisdiction over you by such courts and to venue in such courts. acceptance of these terms you acknowledge that you have read this agreement and agree to all its terms and conditions. by accessing and using the services you agree to be bound by this agreement. if you do not agree to abide by the terms of this agreement, you are not authorized to access or use the services. international buyers notice: all international buyers assume any and all responsibility for all applicable vat, taxes, duties, tariffs or customs due. it is the buyer's responsibility for shipping in the event of a customs issue or return. contacting us if you would like to contact us to understand more about this agreement or wish to contact us concerning any matter relating to it, you may do so via the contact form. this document was last updated on june 29, 2021 "the most trusted place to buy or sell a used luxury timepiece" – wsj awci jewelers board of trade iwjg trustlock spirit of enterprise paypal verified inc 500 fedex ups the hartford are you on the list? subscribe for the latest rolex news bob's watches careers affiliates how we give back press trusted partners bob's watches wikipedia scholarship site map services & support terms & conditions seller terms & conditions privacy policy consignor terms contact us faq buying & selling why buy from us authenticity pledge buyers protection plan bob's rolex usa testimonial reviews shipping & returns u.s. shipping international shipping returns warranty 1900 quail st newport beach, ca 92660 by appointment only mon - fri 9am - 5pm (pst) have a question? (800) 494-3708 paypal visa apruve mastercard american express discover copyright bob's watches. all rights reserved. bob's watches is not affiliated with rolex s.a., rolex usa, or any of its subsidiaries. bob's watches is an independent watch dealer and is not sponsored by, associated with and/or affiliated with rolex s.a., rolex usa, or any other brand listed on its website. bob's watches only sells pre-owned watches and provides its own warranties on the watches it sells. the brand names and associated model names for rolex, omega and other manufacturers are the trademarks of their respective owners. sell my watch ▲