来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20221228205117/https://www.bobswatches.com/sell-rolex-watch
================================================================================

sell rolex watches - top cash paid guaranteed, instant quote email call: 800.494.3708 text: 714.500.7958 100% certified authentic | bob's watches bob's watches open menu search close menu menu rolex omega sell rolex new arrivals luxury watches shop other brands tudor breitling panerai patek philippe oris cartier longines tissot grand seiko audemars piguet sell my watch all luxury watches watch accessories auctions shop by collection vintage rolex more rolex 101 rolex serial numbers rolex prices rolex financing rolex models how-to videos rolex history resources blog watch resources faqs articles gift guides about bob's about us contact us our locations trade program call email account sign in sign in search: sell rolex watches for the best price "we pay more guaranteed!" - paul altieri, founder & ceo email address: * model: modelrolex submarinerrolex datejustrolex daytonarolex day-daterolex gmt-masterrolex explorerrolex yachtmasterrolex air-kingrolex milgaussrolex oyster perpetualrolex sea dwellerrolex sky-dwellerrolex cellinirolexi don’t know my model name name: upload an image: phone: * comments: have a photo? get a faster quote by sending us a photo upload photo no thanks we respect your email privacy // we will not share info featured on the wall street journal "the largest watch trading site" forbes "the most trusted place to sell a rolex" hypebeast "the best place to buy & sell a rolex" find my rolex value search i don't know my model model / referencemodel / ref description current buy price 114060 rolex submariner - non metal, 40 inches, black $8,700 114200 air-king - oyster perpetual, steel, 34mm, oyster bracelet $3,100 114210 air-king - oyster perpetual, steel, 34mm, oyster bracelet $3,800 114234 air-king - oyster perpetual, steel & white gold, 34mm, oyster $4,000 114270 explorer - steel, 34mm, oyster bracelet $4,500 114300 oyster perpetual - steel, 39mm, oyster bracelet $5,500 115200 date - steel, 34mm, oyster bracelet $5,100 115210 date - steel, engine turned bezel, 34mm, oyster bracelet $5,500 115234 date - steel & white gold, diamond dial, 34mm, oyster bracelet $5,290 116000 oyster perpetual - steel, colored dials, 36mm, oyster bracelet $4,700 show rows: 10 20 50 100 1 - 10 of 11 previous page next page how it works free and fast offer free & fast offer simply select your watch and answer a few questions. ship it to us ship it to us bob's watches will send you a free, fully insured fedex label. ship it to us get paid receive cash, wire, or check instantly. get my free quote looking to sell your rolex watch for the best price? just complete the form above for an instant free quote or call (800) 376-7430 for immediate help. bob's is the most trusted name in pre-owned used rolex watches. if you are looking for the best place to sell your rolex or how to find the value or worth of your used rolex watch, turn to the experts here for a free no obligation evaluation. packages are insured for loss or damage while in transit subject to the following shipping terms and conditions. with over 30 years combined experience, you can rest assured that you will get the most up to the market appraisal of your rolex. click here to read our terms and conditions. table of contents sell my rolex watch for top cash value free rolex appraisal why sell to bob's watches? how to find the rolex model or serial number how to sell a rolex watch sell or buy used rolex watches? sell your rolex expeditiously and unlike other watch buyers, bob's only deals, or specializes, in rolex watches, which makes our buyers much more in tune with the ever changing market where prices as they rise and fall. so if you are searching "sell my rolex" or alternatively, "sell a rolex" hoping to find the value of your secondhand rolex, call bob's. click here to find a list of all the rolex models. we serve the following cities for those looking or searching to sell rolex watches for the best prices: new york los angeles glenview houston chicago miami san francisco dallas washington san diego atlanta philadelphia san antonio las vegas boston denver austin phoenix seattle hialeah questions and answers on how to sell a rolex where can i sell rolex watches near me or online? whether at a location near you or online, there are several ways that you can sell rolex watches. but some are better than others. pawn shops and jewelry stores near you will always offer you very low prices for your rolex watch. this is because of their high overheads and lack of knowledge needed to properly value rolex watches. online can offer you better prices, but you must be weary of the website you choose. craigslist can certainly be dangerous since you have to meet up with a complete stranger with an expensive timepiece in hand. ebay unfortunately doesn’t do enough to protect the sellers and almost always takes the side of the buyer when conflicts arise. this means you could end up with a returned (and damaged) rolex without any reimbursement whatsoever. bob's watches, on the other hand, is an online marketplace dedicated to buying and selling rolex watches. as the premier online destination for pre-owned rolex watches, we boast a team of rolex trained watchmakers and rolex specialists to ensure a smooth process when buying from or selling to bob's watches. how do i sell my rolex watch? selling your rolex watch to bob's watches is simple. you can either request a free quote through our free instant quote request form on our website, or give us a call at (800) 376-7430 and one of our rolex specialists will give you a quote over the phone. if you agree to the quote, we will send you a pre-paid and insured shipping label. carefully package up your rolex watch, stick the label on the box, and drop it off at your nearest fedex location. once we receive your timepiece, one of our in-house rolex experts will conduct an inspection (recorded on video) to confirm that everything matches up with the received description. you'll then receive a call from us to confirm the price along with options on how you'd like to get paid. whether you decide to get paid by check or same-day wire transfer, bob's watches is proud to offer the best prices and fastest payment methods to those who sell us their rolex watches. who can i sell a rolex to? bob's watches is the leading online marketplace for pre-owned rolex watches. not only are we the top website to buy a secondhand rolex watch from, but bob’s watches is also the best place to sell your rolex to. our groundbreaking rolex exchange concept publically lists the sell price along with the buy price for specific rolex models. this means you can see the approximate market value for the rolex watch you want to sell prior to making any commitments—no other online retailer offers that kind of transparency. and a quick review of our 600+ review 5-star rating will verify that our customers love us, our service, and their watches. if you want the best possible price for your watch, take advantage of our safe, secure, and easy to use process and sell your rolex to bob’s watches. when is the best time to sell your rolex? there are many reasons as to why someone may choose to sell their rolex. maybe you currently sport a submariner 16610 on your wrist and you’re ready to upgrade to a 6-digit cerachrom model. or maybe you’ve finally spotted your grail watch and need to make room in your collection. whatever the reason, pre-owned rolex watches are in high demand, making it easier than ever before to sell your rolex. rolex watches are also popular milestone gifts and are highly sought after purchases for graduations, work anniversaries, and retirements. rolex timepieces are popular year-round, however, selling your rolex during a time of year when the demand is high, such as christmas or graduation season, ensures that you will receive the best possible price. what is required from me to sell my rolex? the more information that you are able to provide when selling your rolex timepiece, the better. a good place to start is by locating your watch’s serial and model numbers. this provides the buyer with important information needed to price your watch. any other documents that you are able to provide, such as sales receipts, warranty papers, and service records are also incredibly helpful as they provide a history of the watch and can help verify its authenticity. the original box and papers can be very valuable in their own right. they let the buyer know that your timepiece is genuine and increase the price that you may receive for your watch. it’s becoming increasingly common for buyers to require the original box and papers upon selling your used rolex, so be sure to keep them in a safe place upon purchasing any rolex timepieces. providing these items when selling your rolex ensures you will receive the highest asking price. finally, any original parts that you have, such as spare bracelet links, can prove to be very valuable to potential rolex buyers. providing as many of the original parts as possible increases your odds of a highly successful sale. get the value now why choose bob's watches to sell a rolex? simple....we pay more! we pay on the spot by cash or wirewe are rated "a" with the better business bureauwe buy all makes and models of rolex watches including but not limited to the following: sell rolex submariner sell rolex president sell rolex datejust sell rolex daytona sell rolex gmt sell rolex explorer sell rolex day date sell your rolex sea dweller sell a ladies rolex watch we will take a look at all rolex watches in any condition, working or not! learn how to sell to bob's watches. want to trade a watch? we can help you with that as well. simply call us at 1-800-494-3708. to sell a rolex call (800) 494-3708 for a free phone appraisal on your used rolex watch, or fill out the form to the left to receive an estimate. sell my rolex watch for full value rolex sells over $4 billion dollars each year in new watches making it by far the largest luxury watch seller in the world. that said, it should come as no surprise that the pre-owned rolex watch ( or used rolex watch ) market is exponentially larger. some industry analysts claim the market is over $100 billion dollars and growing. this helps explain why “sell my rolex” is one of the most popular searched terms in google and other search engines. additionally, rolex is always developing and launching new fashionable watch models each year like the new rolex datejust ii and the new rolex submariner with a ceramic bezel. this new found demand leaves existing rolex customers asking where can i sell my rolex (they love our rolex serial numbers database lookup by the way), or trade it in so i can purchase this new one. bob's makes it simple and safe for sellers with its new mail in watch selling program. so if you are inquiring about selling a rolex watch and want the best price possible, choose bob's watches. we make it easy and efficient to sell your rolex for the highest market value in a totally transparent environment. find the value of a rolex watch by simply submitting the form above. sell rolex gmt master ii sell rolex submariner sell rolex daytona sell rolex datejust sell rolex sea dweller sell rolex president whether you are a knowledgeable rolex collector or new to the industry, you have arrived at the best place to sell rolex watches. the pre-owned rolex exchange at www.bobswatches.com allows you to buy, sell, and trade at published market prices. check out our "buy" and "sell" prices right here online. as one of the nation's leading online retailer of pre-owned rolex watches, we get many calls each day from people who are looking to "sell a rolex", "sell my rolex", "selling a rolex watch", or even "how to sell my rolex watch". selling a pre-owned rolex watch can seem like there is no easy solution. where do you sell, what is it worth, and who can i trust are just some of the questions that sellers seem to wrestle with. often times, because of our hectic, fast paced lifestyles, it's often easier to just leave it in the top dresser draw or the safety deposit box. most rolex watch owners, rolex submariner owners in particular, are higher net worth folks whose time is valuable. so here at bob's, we have kept that in mind when we developed a sell rolex program for owners who want to either sell or trade for a different model. here are a few of the main choices for people looking to sell rolex watch models: list it on ebay list it on craigslist find a local jeweler who may or may not know the real market value send it to bob's watches listing an item like a rolex watch on ebay is not an easy solution. first off, you need an established ebay account and paypal that most private sellers do not have. more importantly, most private sellers are not experienced on how to list the item, how to price it, and then hassle with collecting the money from potentially unethical buyers. craigslist: even if you did know the correct price to sell the watch, do you really want buyers coming to your home to buy your watch? local jewelers: while this is sometimes a fair option for sellers, most regular jewelers will not know the up to date current market value of the watch and will not have the efficient sell marketplace to resell the item. for these reasons, it is unlikely you will receive the best price for your pre-owned rolex with this option. bob's watches: one of the primary reasons we founded bob's watches was to establish an efficient marketplace with a trusted buyer and seller. since there was such a void in the markeplace for this service, we have enjoyed remarkable success by providing better value for the seller and for the buyer as well. most people looking to sell rolex watches just want to know what is it worth and what is a fair price i can get for it. that is precisely why at bob's watches, we show you the price we are buying it for and selling it for right there in black and white. so if you too are asking yourself, where can i sell my rolex watch for the best price, then call bob's watches toll free at 800-494-3708. we make selling rolex timepieces easy and convenient while still paying you the full market value for your wristwatch. get value why sell to bob’s watches? simple. you will get full fair market value at prices you can see: trust: a rating from the better business bureau, money is wired same day. integrity: bob's is the only dealer to publish their "buy" and "sell" prices. value: the rolex exchange works to facilitate an efficient marketplace for buyers and sellers testimonials: read up on what our customers are saying about us unlike other watch dealers that sell multiple brands of watches, bob's watches only buys and sells rolex, so you can rest assured that you will be buying and or selling at up to the market valuations. our inventory offers customers deep and diverse collections that changes daily. so whether you are searching to sell a men's rolex submariner, or to sell a ladies yachtmaster, we are confident you will find our prices and assortment among the best in the business. be sure to check back daily as new inventory is added constantly. the more information you enter the more accurate our appraisal of your rolex watch will be. it would be very much appreciated if you also included a picture of the watch. once you submit your form we will appraise your watch and call you back or email you within 24 hours with an estimate. if you agree with your estimate we give you instructions on how to ship your watch to us and once we receive it we will promptly send you your money. if at any time you would like your watch back call or email us and we promptly send it back to you. please call us at 1 (800) 494-3708 if you have any questions we would be glad to help! or if you have a rolex to sell, please complete the sell rolex form above asks just a few basic questions about the rolex you want to sell. we will then call you back shortly thereafter and or send you and email with the market estimate of your watch. rolex sells thousands of new watches every year, and here at bob's watches we understand that many of these owners either do not like their watch anymore, or could use the money that their rolex watch is worth. our goal is to make the process of selling easy, quick, and safe. we buy watches every day from all over the country through the mail, but also are open to walk-ins to our newport beach store to sell your rolex or buy at unbeatable prices. whatever your reason is to sell, bob's watches is the place for you if you are looking for great prices and great convenience. we buy every type or rolex from submariner to rolex datejust to rolex yacht-master, bob's buys them all. our watch experts will evaluate your watch for what it is really worth factoring market demand and availability as well as the condition of the watch and any repairs that need to be made. in this way we will give the fairest price possible to sell rolex horology. at bob's watches we truly love the rolex brand and have for over 30 years. we have an extreme appreciation for the artistry and masterful engineering that goes into each and every used rolex watch that rolex sends to its authorized dealers. with this understanding we can give you some of these most competitive prices to sell rolex sporting watches. our goal is to be the middleman between buyers and sellers of rolex luxury watches; people who no longer need their watch and people who want a new watch. we buy watches from the public, mark them up minimally and sell them back to the public. we basically recycle by selling and buying from the public. whether you want to buy or sell rolex timepieces you can come to the same place bob's watches, the rolex exchange and in this way we make the whole process as simple as possible. so if you are searching to sell your rolex, deal direct with bob's watches for the best value whether you are buying or selling. find value how to sell a rolex watch the most common question we get at bob's watches is, "how do i sell you my rolex watch?" or "how hard is the process of selling my rolex to you?". we know it is easy, but to show you how simple it all really is we made a one minute, full-proof 5 step video that shows you how to sell your rolex to bob's watches. step 1: call bob's watches, and we will give you a quote over the phone. step 2: bob's watches sends you an empty box for you to ship the rolex back to us. step 3: securely pack your rolex in the box and send it to bob's watches. step 4: bob's watches receives your rolex, and gives you a free over the phone appraisal. step 5: bob's watches gives you the cash! so easy! our goal is to make this whole process as pain free as possible. for more information about how to buy or sell with us, visit our how it works page, or call 800-494-3708. sell or buy used rolex watches? unlike used cars or used computers, used rolex watches have no set expiration period. rolex models are built to last and can last you a lot more than 200,000 miles that is why the used market is extremely large. these watches can last for decades and are made with the finest swiss craftsmanship. buying a rolex brand new can be a very expensive endeavor, and this is why pre-owned models are so popular. they offer the same quality and sustainability of a rolex watch without as big of a price tag (in most cases). in addition to this, rolex has the amazing ability to retain value. this offers our customers a unique opportunity. that is the opportunity to buy a watch from us, the rolex exchange, and wear it for a couple years keeping it in good condition, and then sell it back to us for a few hundred dollars less than they bought it. in this our customers are able to get all of the enjoyment out of wearing a rolex daytona or rolex submariner, and only end up spending a couple hundred dollars. a rolex watch is more than just a timepiece it is a statement. it can tell everyone in the room that you are someone of importance, someone who is a leader, an innovator, an adventurer. the brand rolex is the purest form of high fashion and wearing one is an indescribable experience. all of this used to be reserved only for the extremely rich or powerful, but now with the help of bob's watches you can buy these amazing watches for a lot less than you think. rolex produces roughly 2000 watches a day and is one of the top hundred most valuable brands in all of the world, why don't you make one of the beautiful watches yours today? rolex was founded in 1905 and has grown to be the biggest luxury watch brand in the entire world. celebrities, businessmen, and world leaders alike all wear rolex, and you could join this prestigious league of people by purchasing one today. so if you found us by searching "how to buy or sell watches" please browse through our expanding inventory and find a watch you like or give us a call at 1 (800) 494-3708. we would be happy to help you with any questions you have regarding buying or selling with us. if you can't find the watch you are looking for give us a call or send us an email and we'll keep an eye out for the watch you're looking for and hopefully get you a great deal on it! sell your pre-owned rolex watch sell at market value rolex watches are a truly amazing product. while they are very expensive they last pretty much forever if you take care of them and are therefore a pretty good investment. rolex sells thousands of new watches through their authorized dealers all over the world and the fact that rolex do last such a long time allows for a huge secondary market. when you buy a rolex, it is not a one owner watch, whether you pass it down to your children and grandchildren or sell it to another person, they usually last through multiple generations. this also allows the values to be very high and if you need money or, just don't really want or use it you can sell rolex brand watches to us at bob's watches for great prices. bob's watches buying goals our goal at bob's watches is to essentially “pinch” the market. what this means is that we make the margin between how much we buy a watch for and how much we sell it for a lot lower and we even publicly display these two prices on the website. this allows us to buy watches for more than our competitors and sell them for less. often people come to us and ask to sell their watch and upon receiving the price are astounded because many other online retailers sell rolex for around a thousand dollars more than what we offered. why this happens is these retailers run on huge margins of thousands of dollars between how much they buy and sell a watch for and so how much they sell the watch for is really a bloated view of how much it is really worth. when you sell rolexes to bob's watches you get the true value. why bob's watches is different we have found this to be an unfair and underhanded practice and so we have tried to make our business transparent by allowing our users to see how much we buy a watch for and how much we sell it for right on the site. with this information they can know that the prices we give to sell rolex watches to us are fair. bob's watches will buy anything and everything at bob's watches you can sell rolex watches of any kind. from milgauss to submariner, from brand new in box to 30 years old, from pre-owned/used to unworn we buy everything and we understand that they each have their own specific value that fluctuates with the pre-owned rolex market. bob’s will give you the full market value of your watch if you decide to sell rolex models to us. we have an extensive price list that offers baseline prices for all the watches and we work from there factoring in current market conditions and inventory spikes and slopes as well as any special features your watch may have like a diamond dial or bezel. we know the added value these features add to your watch whether they are aftermarket or factory. bob's watches is in newport beach, ca we are located in southern california, but we buy watches from all over the world. how we do this is actually quite simple and allows for reassurance on your end in addition to getting you your money as quickly as possible. this all starts out with you receiving a estimate of your watches value from us. you can do this by giving us a call at 1 (800) 494-3708 or submitting a sell rolex form on our website. once you receive the estimate and agree with it we will send you a mailer box with tracking info for you to track the box as it is delivered to us. within an hour of our receipt of the box we will give you our exact price on your watch, which, if you described the watch accurately to us should be around the estimate we gave you. at this point you have two options, you can agree with the price and we will overnight you a check or wire you the money, or if you no longer agree or just decided not to sell your watch we will overnight your watch back to you and you will have it the next day. you can have confidence knowing your watch is safe with insurance from the usps. so if you found us by google searching "sell rolex for cash" or "sell rolex fast" please fill out the simple for to your left or give us a call for a free quote. we'd be more than happy to help you out no matter your situation or question. get the value of your rolex the reviews what people are saying unexpectedly found a fantastic pre-owned oris chronoris at a great price. watch was in excellent condition. quick shipping to boot! i'd definitely shop here again! bill b. las vegas overall great experience and bob’s watches made it a seamless, simple process. i sold a rolex and worked with max who was excellent to work with. would consider bob’s watches again for sale or purchase of rolex. chris l. miami always professional, very informative and 100% legitimate. highly recommended. and trust me, i did my homework on secondary sellers. skip s. houston subscribe stay updated get access to exclusive insight not available anywhere else on this website! sign up below. email address: subscribe company about us careers affiliates how we give back press trusted partners bob's watches wikipedia scholarship services & support seller terms & conditions consignor terms contact us faq buying & selling why buy from us authenticity pledge buyers protection plan bob's rolex usa testimonial reviews shipping & returns u.s. shipping international shipping returns warranty bob's watches - the pre-owned rolex exchange subscribe to our newsletter email address: subscribe facebook twitter instagram youtube © 2022 bob's watches privacy · terms · sitemap 1900 quail st • newport beach, ca 92660 mon - fri 9am - 5pm (pst) have a question? (800) 494-3708 paypal visa klarna mastercard discover all rights reserved. bob's watches is not affiliated with rolex s.a., rolex usa, or any of its subsidiaries. bob's watches is an independent watch dealer and is not sponsored by, associated with and/or affiliated with rolex s.a., rolex usa, or any other brand listed on its website. bob's watches only sells pre-owned watches and provides its own warranties on the watches it sells. the brand names and associated model names for rolex, omega and other manufacturers are the trademarks of their respective owners.