来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20221228205117/https://www.bobswatches.com/about-us
================================================================================

specialists in vintage rolex, used and new - about bob's watches email call: 800.494.3708 text: 714.500.7958 100% certified authentic | bob's watches bob's watches open menu search close menu menu rolex omega sell rolex new arrivals luxury watches shop other brands tudor breitling panerai patek philippe oris cartier longines tissot grand seiko audemars piguet sell my watch all luxury watches watch accessories auctions shop by collection vintage rolex more rolex 101 rolex serial numbers rolex prices rolex financing rolex models how-to videos rolex history resources blog watch resources faqs articles gift guides about bob's about us contact us our locations trade program call email account sign in sign in search: about us bob's watches bob's watches is the world's first and only pre-owned rolex exchange where consumers can buy, sell, and trade vintage and used rolex watches at true fair market value. we openly publish the current buy and sell values for each rolex model allowing us to serve as an online marketplace for buyers and sellers looking, quite simply, to get the best deal. unlike other companies, we specialize in used rolex watches, including pre-owned, vintage, and antique timepieces, and pride ourselves in obtaining the very best results possible for our customers. our business philosophy is built on trust and integrity, and in a very short time, we have become the leading online destination for used rolex watches and vintage rolex expertise. and unlike other online watch companies, bob's carries an actual inventory of watches, and every watch on our site is in stock and ready for sale. for more information about bob's watches, see our wikipedia page. customer service is our main mission "unlike many companies in search of maximizing a profit, our primary goal at bob’s watches is to create a trusted source to buy and sell pre-owned rolex watches. ensuring a positive experience for you is our primary mission. located in newport beach, ca, we are the largest and most trusted source to buy or sell a rolex."   - paul altieri all of our certified, authentic rolex watches have been carefully serviced and restored to mint condition. and while our business has grown rapidly over the past years, we hold strong to our commitment of offering the highest quality customer service. bob’s watches is accredited by the better business bureau with an a+ rating. the pre-owned rolex exchange buyers all buyers are looking to purchase a genuine rolex from a trusted reseller at the best price. to that end, we encourage our buyers to shop us on google shopping to discover how good our pricing really is. divider line rolex air-kingpre-owned silver 5500, smooth bezel34mm stainless steel oyster (1966) $3,995 buy $2,400 sell divider line sellers rolex sellers have just one simple goal: to receive a fair price for their watch from a trusted buyer who will pay them in a timely manner. since we post our buy and sell prices openly on the site, sellers can be assured they are getting full market value. payment is wired the same day. mission statement & service culture admired but not easily replicated, bob’s is firmly grounded in our founding principles – in who we are and what our mission is. our goals and principles are guided by our devotion to creating the most trusted name in pre-owned rolex watches. bob’s watches is based in newport beach, california. the company has built its reputation over the years as being the "kelly blue" book for used rolex prices. to date, bob's is the only company that lists both the buy and sell price for every model so consumers can rest assured they are getting the best prices.  dealers, collectors, and consumers use its published "rolex pricing guide" to obtain accurate values. the market now changes much more frequently as global supply and demand forces move markets similar to the stock exchange.  with bob's, its always been about honesty through transparent pricing. 100% authenticity guaranteed all watches are 100% authentic with rolex factory parts. customer service our #1 goal is to make customers feel comfortable buying, selling, or trading their luxury items. $ transparency we publish the buy and sell prices for all watches to honor the fair market value for all products on our website. for more information, please call (800) 494-3708 the leadership paul altieri founder & ceo paul is the company's founder and ceo and one of the world's top rolex experts. he is responsible for all the day to day activities from purchasing, receiving, marketing and sales. paul now spends time focusing on the strategic vision of the company and overseeing customer service needs. paul is a graduate of boston college 1979 and resident of naples, fl. favorite watch: rolex gmt-master ii 116710 joe alessandrini chief financial officer as cfo of the company, joe is responsible for leading the finance and legal teams. he also manages the growth of the sales network and the operations required in supporting sales and purchase transactions. with his background in business and finance, along with his personal fascination with rolex watches, joe consistently steers the company in the right direction on a daily basis. favorite watch: rolex no date submariner 114060 carol altieri chief operations officer as coo carol is responsible for overall operation of the company as well as product buy/sell pricing and management. carol continually creates and implements policies to stay ahead of growth while continuing to enhance the company's reputation as well as improve client relations by developing and executing strategies which increase the quality of customer service. carol worked in the film industry prior to bob’s watches and is a resident of naples, fl. favorite watch: zenith daytona gold 16528 douglas kaplan chief commercial officer as the cco, douglas is responsible for the commercial strategy and the development of bob's watches to drive business growth and market share.  as a former executive at swatch group, douglas brings a wealth of knowledge, experience, and expertise to the company. favorite watch: omega speedmaster moonwatch sharon segovia director of operations as the director of operations, sharon is responsible for all of the operations of of bob's watches. she continues to implements policies and procedures that will improve day-to-day operations and brings a wealth of knowledge, experience, and expertise to the company. favorite watch: rolex daytona the team laura c pricing analyst favorite watch: rolex submariner 116610 chris foerster sr. digital marketing director favorite watch: rolex datejust george s purchasing manager favorite watch: green rolex 116508 justin m photographer favorite watch: rolex milgauss 116400gv max b sales representative favorite watch: submariner 16613 slate serti larry m service manager favorite watch: explorer ii 16570 black dial harry t watchmaker favorite watch: sea-dweller deepsea 116660 spencer l marketing & production associate favorite watch: omega speedmaster moonwatch lizeth g photographer favorite watch: rolex explorer 214270 ripley s senior editor favorite watch: rolex explorer ii 1655 fernando a merchandising favorite watch: rolex president 228238 matthew w service representative favorite watch: rolex 116718 emily sr. digital content manager favorite watch: cartier panthere tom h watchmaker favorite watch: omega speedmaster brandon c customer service favorite watch: rolex jesse b purchasing specialist favorite watch: vintage tudor submariner klarissa s customer service favorite watch: rolex justin r service representative favorite watch: rolex sloan s art director favorite watch: rolex greg greiner cofounder favorite watch: rolex johua j sales representative favorite watch: rolex submariner 116610 leslye m accountant favorite watch: rolex president lisett a photo editor favorite watch: rolex datejust olivia b social media coordinator favorite watch: cartier panthere jc videographer favorite watch: rolex submariner chase f purchasing specialist favorite watch: day-date brandon f director of vintage favorite watch: rolex 1680 red sub rachel h purchasing specialist favorite watch: rolex 178341 join our team the wsj includes bob's watches in this insiders guide to the sometimes surprising factors that account for prestige timepieces' shocking price tags. continue readinggear patrol includes bob's watches as part of their daytona buying guide. continue readingpaul's picks: ceo of bob's watches fills us in on the top 4 rolex's of 2019 continue readingbob's watches tells business insider an interesting story about a woman who says she found a rare $250,000 rolex wedged in the cushions of a thrift-store couch she'd bought for $25 continue readingrobb report asks paul altieri for his recommendations on the best rolex models to collect, from a beginner's piece to the reference that will affirm your status as a collecting king. continue readingbob's watches joins forces with sotheby's for its annual rm sotheby's monterey classic car show. this collaborative effort sees the first of its kind with the pairing of highly-collectible (modern and vintage) wristwatches with ultra-rare classic sports cars. continue readingbob's watches is collaborating with sotheby's to offer 18 rare driving watches that will be paired with 18 cars. continue reading to learn morea collaboration between bob's watches and luxury auction house sotheby's has resulted in “watches online: the driver's collection. among the watches is a james bond rolex submariner and cars going to auction. continue readingwatches online: the driver's collection will be open for bidding exclusively online from 14–20 august with the full sale on view at monterey from 15–17 august. continue readingeach vintage car in rm sotheby's monterey auction is paired with a classic watch—here' s the breakdown... continue reading the latest in rolex news rolex news panerai gmt ultimate buying guide december 28, 2022 read more rolex news cheapest omega watch ultimate buying guide december 27, 2022 read more rolex news gold rolex women's watches ultimate buying guide december 26, 2022 read more view all articles email us name: *phone: email address: *i would like help with: purchasing a new watchselling a watchtracking an existing orderaffiliate programother*message: view our faqslive chat(800) 494-3708 bob's watches headquarters 1900 quail st. newport beach, ca 92660 (800) 494-3708(949) 476-9000 *by appointment only hours 9:00 am - 5:00 pm monday - friday company about us careers affiliates how we give back press trusted partners bob's watches wikipedia scholarship services & support seller terms & conditions consignor terms contact us faq buying & selling why buy from us authenticity pledge buyers protection plan bob's rolex usa testimonial reviews shipping & returns u.s. shipping international shipping returns warranty bob's watches - the pre-owned rolex exchange subscribe to our newsletter email address: subscribe facebook twitter instagram youtube © 2022 bob's watches privacy · terms · sitemap 1900 quail st • newport beach, ca 92660 mon - fri 9am - 5pm (pst) have a question? (800) 494-3708 paypal visa klarna mastercard discover all rights reserved. bob's watches is not affiliated with rolex s.a., rolex usa, or any of its subsidiaries. bob's watches is an independent watch dealer and is not sponsored by, associated with and/or affiliated with rolex s.a., rolex usa, or any other brand listed on its website. bob's watches only sells pre-owned watches and provides its own warranties on the watches it sells. the brand names and associated model names for rolex, omega and other manufacturers are the trademarks of their respective owners.