来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20231231055306/https://www.bobswatches.com/luxury-watches/
================================================================================

pre-owned and used luxury watches | bob's watches shop new arrivals 100% certified authentic contact us bob's watches bob's watches search: open menu close menu menu submariner datejust daytona gmt-master ii rolex rolex submariner datejust daytona day-date presidential gmt-master ii gmt-master explorer yacht-master air-king milgauss datejust ii oyster perpetual sea-dweller explorer ii yacht-master ii sky-dweller date cellini day-date ii datejust 41 day-date 40 omega omega speedmaster seamaster constellation de ville vintage brands rolex omega oris tudor breitling cartier longines panerai patek philippe audemars piguet grand seiko tissot new arrivals vintage rolex luxury watches sell rolex sell other brands featured collections popular models vintage watches dive watches sports watches military watches pilot watches golf watches dress watches racing watches watches under $3k watches under $5k watches under $10k watches under $20k watches over $20k men's watches women's watches accessories auctions resources about us watch resources gift guides faqs rolex 101 rolex serial numbers rolex prices rolex financing rolex model numbers how-to videos rolex history blog sign in sign in location (800) 494-3708 (800) 494-3708 contact us chat now search: luxury watches homeluxury watches welcome to bob's watches. your pre-owned online luxury watch dealer. we carry a large selection of some of the most popular luxury brands to ensure that you get exactly what you're looking for. luxury watches epitomize the seamless fusion of exquisite craftsmanship, timeless elegance, and unparalleled precision, becoming revered symbols of status and sophistication. browse some of our used timepieces to find a secondhand wristwatch that fits your style. rolex omega tudor oris cartier grand seiko tissot breitling panerai audemars piguet patek philippe longines cash wire prices shown. prices may be higher if other payment methods are selected.* luxury watch brands we sell if you're looking to find popular luxury watches online look no further than bob's watches.  we offer a number of dress watches, sports watches, and dive watches among others. browse some of our top 10 brands to find used watches that fit your lifestyle. bob's watches is the world’s number one pre-owned high-end timepiece dealer. we offer an industry-leading selection of the absolute best and most popular brands to help ensure that you find your next dream watch. browse our selection today to find a model that perfectly suits your style. cartier founded in paris in 1847 by louis-françois cartier, cartier is a famous dealer who designs, manufactures, distributes and sells jewelry and watches. cartier has a long history of supplying royalty and celebrities with jewels and watches. in fact, king edward vii of england referred to cartier as "the jeweler of kings and the king of jewelers." omega the swiss watchmaker omega is a popular watch manufacturer who is also the choice supplier of nasa. in fact, an omega watch was the first watch on the moon in 1969. omega has also had the honor of being the official timekeeping device of the olympic games since 1932. famous individuals, such as john f. kennedy, prince william, buzz aldrin and even the fictional james bond own and wear omega watches. patek philippe founded in 1852, patek philippe is a swiss ultra-luxury watch manufacturer that designs and manufactures timepieces and movements that includes some of the most complicated mechanical watches ever made. the henry graves supercomplication timepiece, made in 1933, was sold at sotheby's in switzerland, breaking the world record for the most expensive watch ever sold at auction. rolex used rolex watches are some of the most coveted timepieces on the market. the rolex watch brand is one that is renowned by many throughout the world.  it is easily recognized and holds it's value well. founded by hans wildorf, the rolex continues to produce high-end timepieces for watch collectors. tudor rolex founder hans wildorf conceived the tudor watch company as a way to create a product that offered the dependability and reliability of a rolex, but was set at a lower price and sold by authorized rolex dealers. breitling breitling, founded in 1884, designs, manufactures, engineers and distributes chronometer watches. breitling is specifically known for its precision-made chronometers that are favored by aviators. panerai panerai was founded in florence, italy in 1860 and now designs, manufactures, markets and sells watches worldwide. panerai watches famously played a role in assisting in operations during world war ii. some of their most notable products include the luminor and radiomir wristwatches. vacheron founded in 1755 by jean-marc vacheron, this swiss manufacture of prestige watches has made stunning and unique timepieces for the likes of napoleon bonaparte, pope pius xi, former king edward viii (the duke of windsor) and harry truman. what is a luxury watch? there really is no universal concrete definition for what qualifies as a luxury watch, and one person's definition may differ from another. prices for watches can range from several hundred dollars to well into the millions for rare and vintage pieces, and you will find pieces crafted out of everything from aluminum to solid platinum. however, regardless of the specific brand, style, materials, or price point, virtually every high-end piece offers precision that is crafted to incredibly high standards, and are constructed using only the finest materials available on earth. while most physical possessions in our modern lives are either disposable in their nature or have some form of planned obsolescence, the function of a wristwatch has not changed over the years, and one built over a hundred years ago still performs the same basic function as a watch built today. furthermore, a true luxury watch is a high-quality item that - if properly maintained - will last multiple lifetimes. these desirable collectors pieces are often considered to be heirloom pieces, and they will get passed down from one generation to the next, faithfully serving members of a family for multiple generations and acquiring memories in the process. the type of timepiece a person chooses to wear can sometimes tell you a lot about them, and may individuals use watches as a way to express their individual personalities or aesthetic preferences. timepieces can come in all different shapes and forms, including everything from chunky and purpose-built tool watches to elegant and refined dress watches. in truth, the "luxury" designation has less to do with the actual design and materials of the watch, and more to do with how the particular watch is made, and the attention to detail that is present throughout the entire process. while it may seem counterintuitive to those that are not watch enthusiasts, some of the most famous and expensive timepieces in the world are crafted from humble stainless steel and lack any sort of additional premium features or complications. combining elements of art, engineering, tradition, material science, and expert craftsmanship, luxury watches are often regarded as universally recognized status symbols, conveying messages of success and personal accomplishment. regardless of whether you opt for a classic and straightforward model in humble stainless steel, or an ultra-exclusive reference featuring multiple complications and a solid gold case set with diamonds, a true example will be an expertly crafted timepiece that is designed to serve you and future generations for many years to come. why you should buy a luxury watch by their very definition, no luxury watch can ever be considered cheap. however, there are certainly some models and brands out there that are more expensive than others. with prices ranging from less than one thousand dollars to well over the eight-figure mark, these models can come in all shapes, forms, and sizes, and many of the more expensive options can qualify as serious life purchases. so, why should you buy one? a gift for the next generation for starters, when you buy a luxury watch, you are not just buying a gift for yourself. as long as you don't lose the watch or somehow subject it to an extreme circumstance in which it becomes irreparably damaged, there is a good chance that your luxury watch will outlast you. given that they feature the best materials available and are both designed and assembled by experts in their respective fields, luxury watches are simply built to stand the test of time. as long as you properly maintain your timepiece and have it serviced on a regular basis, it will provide many years of reliable and stable performance. countless cultures around the world have stories about watches that previously belonged to parents or grandparents, and it is often these timepieces that hold the most significant sentimental value. watches are items that people wear for many years, and they often spend a considerable amount of time in direct contact with their owners' bodies and are present for many of their major life events. arguably more than any other physical possessions that we surround ourselves with in our daily lives, it is watches that are often the items that most connect us to the ones that are close to our hearts. for many, a fine timepiece represents an heirloom piece that will be passed down from one generation to the next. with that in mind, since the core function of a watch will always remain the same, it will never become truly outdated. as long as it is kept in proper running condition, it will always be ready for another lifetime of service when the time comes for you to pass it along to the next generation. luxury watches as investments another one of the main reasons why people choose to purchase is because of how they can serve as investments and retain value over the years (or even appreciate), despite receiving daily wear and use. nearly all of the items we buy in our modern lives immediately start losing value the second that we purchase them. however, it is not uncommon to come across nice examples - especially from top brands like rolex, omega, and patek philippe - that are worth as much and sometimes even exponentially more than their original purchase prices. knowing that the model you buy today will always be worth something in the future is a serious plus when buyers are considering spending significant sums of money on a wristwatch. due to this ability to retain value, many collectors like to think of their timepieces as investments - almost like small, wearable savings accounts that they can keep on their wrist and liquidate, should circumstances ever call for it. additionally, for the avid watch collector that is continuously refining and changing up their collection, the investment potential of luxury watches makes it easy to sell old or unwanted timepieces to make room for the next must-have acquisition. you may not always make a profit selling a watch that you no longer want or need; however, you will always be able to at least get out of it for a minimal loss should you ultimately decide you want something different later down the road. get the best value at bob's today! it doesn't matter if you are looking to buy or sell your watch, bob's watches offers the best value for pre-owned luxury timepieces. if you have questions please contact one of our friendly watch specialists by dialing 1-800-494-3708. one of our friendly specialists can help answer any questions you might have about our men's and women's watches we carry online. newport beach 1900 quail st. newport beach, ca 92660 mon - fri 9am - 5pm (pst) naples 380 10th st. s naples, fl 34102 mon - fri 9am - 5pm (est) our company about us careers how we give back press trusted partners bob's watches wikipedia scholarship services & support seller terms & conditions consignor terms contact us faq buying & selling why buy from us authenticity pledge buyers protection plan bob's rolex usa testimonial reviews shipping & returns u.s. shipping international shipping returns warranty timeless style delivered to your inbox subscribe today to receive email updates on our timepieces. subscribe © 2023 bob's watches. all rights reserved privacy · terms · sitemap · accessibility all rights reserved. bob's watches is not affiliated with rolex s.a., rolex usa, or any of its subsidiaries. bob's watches is an independent watch dealer and is not sponsored by, associated with and/or affiliated with rolex s.a., rolex usa, or any other brand listed on its website. bob's watches only sells pre-owned watches and provides its own warranties on the watches it sells. the brand names and associated model names for rolex, omega and other manufacturers are the trademarks of their respective owners. need help? our team is ready to assist with all of your watch needs. call: (800) 494-3708 email our team chat now