来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20241231090828/https://www.bobswatches.com/about-us
================================================================================

specialists in vintage rolex, used and new - about bob's watches 100% certified authentic contact us bob's watches bob's watches search: open menu close menu menu submariner datejust daytona gmt-master ii rolex rolex datejust submariner daytona gmt-master ii day-date gmt-master presidential oyster perpetual explorer yacht-master datejust 41 air-king sea-dweller milgauss datejust 36 explorer ii yacht-master ii sky-dweller date cellini day-date ii datejust ii day-date 40 rolex prices rolex under $5,000 rolex under $10,000 rolex under $15,000 rolex under $20,000 rolex over $20,000 omega omega speedmaster seamaster constellation de ville vintage brands rolex omega cartier patek philippe audemars piguet tudor breitling panerai longines oris tissot new arrivals vintage rolex luxury watches sell rolex sell other brands featured collections popular models vintage watches dive watches sports watches military watches pilot watches golf watches dress watches racing watches watches under $3k watches under $5k watches under $10k watches under $20k watches over $20k all collections men's watches rolex watches for men omega watches for men women's watches rolex watches for women omega watches for women accessories auctions resources about us watch resources gift guides faqs rolex 101 rolex serial numbers rolex prices rolex financing rolex model numbers rolex history blog sign in sign in locations (800) 494-3708 (800) 494-3708 contact us chat now search: about us about bob's watches our story founded in 1999, bob's watches is the leading online marketplace for buying, selling and trading used rolex watches for men and women. with over 20 years of experience, and thousands of satisfied customers, we carry the world's largest selection of used rolex watches for sale as well as other top brands like omega, panerai, patek philippe and more. our pre-owned rolex exchange is known for providing excellent customer service and offering the best prices through our low-price guarantee. all watches listed on our site are in stock and immediately available for free overnight shipping. our selection is meticulously inspected and authenticated by third-party experts, ensuring every luxury watch listed on our store is 100% certified authentic. located in newport beach, california, we are proud members of the bbb, the iwjg, jewelers board of trade and the chamber of commerce. along with a wide selection of new and used models for purchase, bob’s watches is the most trusted destination to sell vintage and contemporary rolex watches at full market value. our rolex serial numbers chart look-up tool helps owners learn when a specific piece was manufactured, and by filling out and submitting the form on our sell rolex page, viewers can get exact estimations on models in question. in addition, our youtube video helps visitors learn "how to spot a fake rolex." trust, honesty, and transparent pricing. bob's watches offers the largest and finest selection of used, pre-owned, and vintage luxury watches from brands including rolex, omega, patek philippe, panerai , and more. it has become the ultimate destination for consumers looking to buy, sell, or trade certified pre-owned timepieces, attaining a bbb a+ rating, and has been quoted and featured in many of the world's leading news publications. paul altieri founder and ceo | bob's watches watch customer service is our main mission "unlike many companies in search of maximizing a profit, our primary goal at bob’s watches is to create a trusted source to buy and sell pre-owned rolex watches. ensuring a positive experience for you is our primary mission. located in newport beach, ca, we are the largest and most trusted source to buy or sell a rolex." - paul altieriall of our certified, authentic rolex watches have been carefully serviced and restored to mint condition. and while our business has grown rapidly over the past years, we hold strong to our commitment of offering the highest quality customer service. bob’s watches is accredited by the better business bureau with an a+ rating. the pre-owned rolex exchange buyers all buyers are looking to purchase a genuine rolex from a trusted reseller at the best price. to that end, we encourage our buyers to shop us on google shopping to discover how good our pricing really is. sellers rolex sellers have just one simple goal: to receive a fair price for their watch from a trusted buyer who will pay them in a timely manner. since we post our buy and sell prices openly on the site, sellers can be assured they are getting full market value. payment is wired the same day. mission statement & service culture admired but not easily replicated, bob’s is firmly grounded in our founding principles – in who we are and what our mission is. our goals and principles are guided by our devotion to creating the most trusted name in pre-owned rolex watches. bob’s watches has two locations in naples, florida ( headquarters ) and newport beach, california. the company has built its reputation over the years as being the "kelly blue" book for used rolex prices. to date, bob's is the only company that lists both the buy and sell price for every model so consumers can rest assured they are getting the best prices. dealers, collectors, and consumers use its published "rolex pricing guide" to obtain accurate values. the market now changes much more frequently as global supply and demand forces move markets similar to the stock exchange. with bob's, its always been about honesty through transparent pricing. our promise trust | honesty | transparency 100% authentic all watches are 100% authentic full transparency we publish the buy and sell prices for all watches to honor the fair market value of all products. real time inventory every watch on our website is in stock and ready for sale. including hourly new arrivals. free shipping enjoy fast, free overnight shipping on all orders. the leadership paul altierifounder & ceo paul is the company's founder and ceo and one of the world's top rolex experts. he is responsible for all the day to day activities from purchasing, receiving, marketing and sales. paul now spends time focusing on the strategic vision of the company and overseeing customer service needs. paul is a graduate of boston college 1979 and resides in california with his family. favorite watch: rolex gmt-master ii 116710 carol altierichief operations officer as coo carol is responsible for overall operation of the company as well as product buy/sell pricing and management. carol continually creates and implements policies to stay ahead of growth while continuing to enhance the company's reputation as well as improve client relations by developing and executing strategies which increase the quality of customer service. carol worked in the film industry prior to bob’s watches and her and paul now lives in florida. favorite watch: zenith daytona gold 16528 joe alessandrinichief financial officer as cfo of the company, joe is responsible for leading the finance and legal teams. he also manages the growth of the sales network and the operations required in supporting sales and purchase transactions. with his background in business and finance, along with his personal fascination with rolex watches, joe consistently steers the company in the right direction on a daily basis. favorite watch: rolex no date submariner 114060 douglas kaplanchief commercial officer as the cco, douglas is responsible for the commercial strategy and the development of bob's watches to drive business growth and market share.  as a former executive at swatch group, douglas brings a wealth of knowledge, experience, and expertise to the company. favorite watch: omega speedmaster moonwatch daniel yichief marketing officer as the cmo, daniel is responsible for the marketing strategy and business growth of bob's watches. favorite watch: rolex datejust sharon segoviadirector of operations sharon is responsible for all of the operations of bob's watches. she continues to implement policies and procedures that will improve day-to-day operations and brings a wealth of knowledge, experience, and expertise to the company. favorite watch: rolex daytona the team laura c.purchasing manager favorite watch: rolex submariner 116610 eric h.director of sales favorite watch: panerai pam233 max b.purchasing manager favorite watch: submariner 16613 slate serti chris f.digital marketing director favorite watch: rolex datejust justin m.photographer favorite watch: rolex milgauss 116400gv larry m.service manager favorite watch: explorer ii 16570 black dial harry t.watchmaker favorite watch: sea-dweller deepsea 116660 lizeth g.photographer favorite watch: rolex explorer 214270 fernando a.merchandising favorite watch: rolex president 228238 matthew w.watchmaker favorite watch: rolex 116718 emily f.sr. content manager favorite watch: rolex cellini king midas tom h.watchmaker favorite watch: omega speedmaster brandon c.customer service favorite watch: rolex gmt-master sloan s.art director favorite watch: gold rolex president brandon f.director vintage favorite watch: rolex presidential leslye m.customer service representative favorite watch: rolex president lisett a.photo retoucher favorite watch: rolex oyster perpetual joanne l.retention marketing manager favorite watch: rolex sky-dweller paul p.sales manager favorite watch: rolex sky-dweller megan m.executive assistant to coo and ceo favorite watch: rolex cellini sean r.quality control favorite watch: rolex daytona thalia a.workplace experience coordinator favorite watch: cartier two-tone tank alayna c.customer service representative favorite watch: tudor anton m.videographer favorite watch: cartier tank raje p.lead ux/ui designer favorite watch: rolex daytona 116518 grace l.marketing coordinator favorite watch: rolex datejust luis s.quality control favorite watch: rolex president christian s.purchasing favorite watch: rolex submariner hulk 116610 shane n.sales advisor favorite watch: rolex oyster quartz 17000 christian s.merchandising favorite watch: daytona 116518 kayla hansonmerchandising favorite watch: patek philippe nautilus nicole m.social media manager favorite watch: cartier panthere mariana b.senior web developer favorite watch: rolex matthew p.shipping & receiving favorite watch: rainbow dial day-date ramsey e.inventory assistant favorite watch: rolex submariner hulk ricardo c.sales representative favorite watch: rosegold speedmaster greg greinerco-founder favorite watch: rolex gmt-master pepsi bob's watches in the news the company has been featured in many of the world's largest and most respected news publications including but not limited to the wall street journal, the ny times, cnbc, fox news, barrons, forbes, fortune magazine, the los angeles times, time magazine, techcrunch, business insider, jck, and more. the company was recently ranked #129 of the fastest-growing private companies in america by inc 500 and the internet retailer hot 100. our founder & ceo paul altieri has been featured and interviewed by dozens of fashion and watch journalists over the years for his insight and knowledge and is widely considered one of the foremost experts on rolex watches. visit our press page to learn more. the latest in rolex news rolex news best cartier watch for ladies: in-depth review december 27, 2024 read more rolex news black rolex unveiled: the collector's luxury guide december 24, 2024 read more rolex news the ultimate stocking stuffers for watch lovers december 20, 2024 read more view all articles email us ***i would like help withpurchasing a new watchselling a watchtracking an existing orderaffiliate programother* bob'sabout us newport beach 1900 quail st. newport beach, ca 92660 mon - fri 9am - 5pm (pst) naples 380 10th st. s naples, fl 34102 mon - fri 9am - 5pm (est) our company about us careers how we give back press trusted partners bob's watches wikipedia scholarship services & support seller terms & conditions consignor terms payment methods contact us faq buying & selling why buy from us authenticity pledge buyers protection plan locations testimonial reviews shipping & returns u.s. shipping international shipping returns warranty timeless style delivered to your inbox subscribe today to receive email updates on our timepieces. your email address subscribe © 2024 bob's watches. all rights reserved privacy · terms · sitemap · accessibility all rights reserved. bob's watches is not affiliated with rolex s.a., rolex usa, or any of its subsidiaries. bob's watches is an independent watch dealer and is not sponsored by, associated with and/or affiliated with rolex s.a., rolex usa, or any other brand listed on its website. bob's watches only sells pre-owned watches and provides its own warranties on the watches it sells. the brand names and associated model names for rolex, omega and other manufacturers are the trademarks of their respective owners. need help? our team is ready to assist with all of your watch needs. call: (800) 494-3708 email our team chat now