来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20250502082536/https://www.bobswatches.com/
================================================================================

buy and sell pre owned luxury watches | bob's watches 100% certified authentic contact us bob's watches bob's watches search: recently searched clear close search search open menu close menu menu submariner datejust daytona gmt-master ii rolex rolex datejust submariner daytona gmt-master ii day-date gmt-master presidential oyster perpetual explorer yacht-master datejust 41 air-king sea-dweller milgauss datejust 36 explorer ii yacht-master ii sky-dweller date cellini day-date ii datejust ii day-date 40 rolex prices rolex under $5,000 rolex under $10,000 rolex under $15,000 rolex under $20,000 rolex over $20,000 omega omega speedmaster seamaster constellation de ville vintage omega watches men omega watches women brands rolex omega cartier patek philippe audemars piguet tudor breitling panerai longines oris tissot new arrivals mens rolex womens rolex vintage rolex luxury watches sell rolex sell other brands featured collections popular models vintage watches dive watches sports watches military watches pilot watches golf watches dress watches racing watches watches under $3k watches under $5k watches under $10k watches under $20k watches over $20k all collections accessories auctions resources about us watch resources gift guides faqs rolex 101 rolex serial numbers rolex prices rolex financing rolex model numbers rolex history blog sign in sign in locations (800) 494-3708 (800) 494-3708 contact us chat now search: recently searched clear clear search search pre-owned rolex watches buy rolexsell rolex (your browser does not support the <video> element) media quality: 1080p720p480p rolex omega cartier breitling patek philippe audemars piguet tudor panerai oris longines tissot shoprolex watches show all sell your watch if you are looking for the best place to sell your watch or how to find the value or worth of your used luxury timepiece, turn to the experts here for a free no obligation evaluation. enter your email select watch brand: brand rolex omega panerai breitling tudor cartier zenith patek philippe vacheron constantin iwc audemars piguet breguet bell & ross piaget ebel longines tag heuer tissot oris jaeger lecoultre get your value updated hourlynew arrivals shop more watches editorial daily articles editorial mother's day gift ideas: top picks this year at bob's watches patek philippe new patek philippe watches 2025: top 3 complicated picks editorial rolex watches favored by president trump, his family and closest advisors editorial pre-owned luxury watch: why tariffs make now the time to buy watch buying guides how much is a rolex submariner watch: the ultimate price guide editorial discontinued rolex watches 2025: collector impact & market forecast read more our promise trust | honesty | transparency 100% authentic all watches are 100% authentic full transparency we publish the buy and sell prices for all watches to honor the fair market value of all products. real time inventory every watch on our website is in stock and ready for sale. including hourly new arrivals. free shipping enjoy fast, free overnight shipping on all orders. about bob's watches our story founded in 1999, bob's watches is the leading online marketplace for buying, selling and trading pre-owned timepieces from renowned brands like rolex, omega, tudor, oris, cartier, panerai, longines, tissot, breitling, audemars piguet, patek philippe, & grand seiko. with over 20 years of experience, and thousands of satisfied customers, we carry the world's largest selection of rolex watches for sale as well as other top brands. our pre-owned luxury watch exchange is known for providing excellent customer service and offering the best prices through our low-price guarantee. all watches listed on our site are in stock and immediately available for free overnight shipping. our selection is meticulously inspected and authenticated by third-party experts, ensuring every luxury watch listed on our store is 100% certified authentic. headquartered in newport beach, california, and expanding across the nation, we are esteemed members of organizations such as the bbb, iwjg, jewelers board of trade, and the chamber of commerce. along with a wide selection of new and used models for purchase, bob’s watches is the most trusted destination to sell vintage and contemporary watches at full market value. our rolex serial numbers chart look-up tool, as well as our omega watches serial number chart, helps owners learn when a specific piece was manufactured, and by filling out and submitting the form on our sell rolex page, viewers can get exact estimations on models in question. in addition, our youtube video helps visitors learn "how to spot a fake rolex." trust, honesty, and transparent pricing. bob's watches offers the largest and finest selection of used, pre-owned, and vintage luxury watches. it has become the ultimate destination for consumers looking to buy, sell, or trade certified pre-owned timepieces. our collection includes popular pieced like the omega speedmaster, rolex datejust, rolex gmt-master ii, patek philippe nautilus, rolex submariner, oris diver sixty five, rolex daytona, omega seamaster, and other iconic luxury watches.  our commitment to excellence is reflected in our bbb a+ standing and our mentions in top global news outlets. paul altieri founder and ceo | bob's watches the reviews what people are saying carlo l. just wonderful. well priced watches in great condition. i also don’t remember the last time i enjoyed speaking to customer service as much as i did… almost didn’t want to hang up! carlo l. dallas kenneth s. great service and my watch arrived as described. easy website to make my purchase. i would use bob's watches again. kenneth s. boston chris l. overall great experience and bob’s watches made it a seamless, simple process. i sold a rolex and worked with max who was excellent to work with. would consider bob’s watches again for sale or purchase of rolex. chris l. miami why shop at bob's? trust, honesty, and transparent pricing. the company offers the largest and finest selection of used, pre-owned, and vintage luxury watches from brands including rolex, omega watches, tudor watches, oris, cartier watches, panerai, longines, tissot, breitling, audemars piguet, patek philippe, and more. it has become the ultimate destination for consumers looking to buy, sell, or trade certified pre-owned timepieces, attaining a bbb a+ rating, 5/5 stars in ekomi, and has been quoted and featured in many of the world's leading news publications. unlike some competitors, all watches are in stock ready for immediate overnight shipping. visit our resources page to learn more about the company and its rich history. all watches are restored using established authorized repair shops using genuine parts. price and authenticity guarantee our online collection of pre-owned timepieces offer a wide selection for those with a broad range of budgets and lifestyles. our catalog is vast but singular in quality and affordability. bob's strenuous process ensures the highest quality of used luxury watches. by focusing on luxury and integrity, our in-house experts can help pinpoint our customers' exact specifications of our customers and guide them towards a piece that perfectly balances style, sophistication, and timeliness. the rest is up to the onlookers. the company consistently ranks as the "best place to buy a rolex watch". we pride ourselves on buying and selling nothing but genuine, 100% authentic timepieces. our in-house watch experts check and certify the authenticity of each and every piece so that customers are guaranteed to be purchasing a 100% real and genuine product. to best accommodate our clients we go to great lengths to ensure we curate a selection that falls within their budget, while still focusing on pieces that can truly enhance a lifestyle. we strive to help each client find what they are looking for. from models like the stainless steel speedmaster moonwatch, vintage rolex, tudor black bay, rolex lady datejust, and gold date date timepieces, we keep a large inventory on hand to ensure the best possible selection. vintage and contemporary watch collection as the most trusted name in luxury watches, with the largest inventory on-hand and ready for immediate sale, bob's watches is the foremost destination to find the best in authentic, pre-owned luxury accessories. so whether on the hunt for a new pre-owned ceramic no date submariner, a vintage omega, a rolex 16610, a vintage paul newman daytona, a vintage omega speedmaster, or any other vintage luxury watch brand, bob's is your primary source to find the best-of-the-best in pre-owned luxury goods at unbeatable prices. we offer the full line of luxury watch models in stainless, solid gold, and two tone. the esteemed rolex 116500 still sees considerable demand today from enthusiast and non-enthusiasts alike due to its powerful design and identifying features of its 3-register chronograph dial. we have an ever-evolving selection of men and women's models, with some representing modern timepiece aesthetics, and others bearing more spirited vintage design ethos - a category that has increased quite significantly in terms of value and popularity over the last several years. women's rolex discover the elegance of rolex for women—a timeless symbol of precision, luxury, and style. our curated collection of ladies rolex watches includes sought-after models like the lady-datejust, midsize datejust, and the elegant pearlmaster, all pre-owned and available in a variety of metals and dial styles.whether you’re adding to your collection or searching for the perfect gift, explore our trusted selection of women’s rolex watches, crafted to complement every woman’s unique sense of style. men's rolex explore our distinguished collection of rolex for men, featuring some of the world’s most iconic timepieces. from the rugged rolex submariner and gmt-master ii to classic models like the datejust and day-date, our inventory includes both modern and vintage rolex watches for men. whether you’re looking for a daily wear rolex, a thoughtful gift, or a smart investment, browse our full lineup of men’s rolex watches, available now and ready to ship. why do we specialize in rolex watches? the brand is synonymous with style, elegance, and sophistication. from its humble beginnings in london in 1905, to becoming one of the most revered brand names in the world. the company has and will always remain in the upper echelon of luxury timepieces. wearing one of these beautifully-designed wristwatches exudes a certain kind of style and grace unmatched in the watchmaking industry. few other brand names are enamored on such a broad scope, or so universally treasured on such an international scale. sell your rolex watch whether you are looking to buy, trade, or sell a rolex watch, you can always count on us to provide the best prices and the best service. our team of experts are professionals in their field and will thoroughly examine your watch to arrive at the most current fair market valuation. we offer this level of service on all brands, but this brand is our specialty. in the past 12 years, we have purchased more used, pre-owned and vintage watches than anyone in the industry. and we understand that selling your timepiece can be a daunting experience so to that end we offer same-day immediate payment by check or wire, and your watch is insured from the second it leaves your possession. your trust is of paramount importance. we are the only retailer that offers transparent prices allowing our marketplace to serve as a "kelly blue book" for used rolex watches. values and prices have significantly increased the past 5 years so it's important to sell your watch to a buyer that is dedicated to the brand and is up to date on current values we guarantee the best buy prices and can get you a firm quote in less than 1 day. bob's watches in the news the company has been featured in many of the world's largest and most respected news publications including but not limited to the wall street journal, the ny times, cnbc, fox news, barrons, forbes, fortune magazine, the los angeles times, time magazine, techcrunch, business insider, jck, and more. the company was recently ranked #129 of the fastest-growing private companies in america by inc 500 and the internet retailer hot 100. our founder & ceo paul altieri has been featured and interviewed by dozens of fashion and watch journalists over the years for his insight and knowledge and is widely considered one of the foremost experts on rolex watches. visit our press page to learn more. popular searches omega watches omega omega speedmaster omega seamaster omega aqua terra omega constellation omega planet ocean omega de ville vintage omega omega gold watch omega titanium watch omega two tone watch omega stainless steel watch omega rose gold watch omega ceramic watch bronze omega watch omega watches men omega women's watch omega black watch omega diamond watch omega blue watch omega green watch omega red watch brown omega watch omega silver watch white omega watch mother of pearl omega watch cartier watches cartier santos cartier tank cartier ballon bleu cartier roadster cartier pasha cartier panthere cartier drive cartier ronde cartier calibre de cartier cartier cougar cartier diabolo cartier balgnoire cartier cle cartier la dona cartier stainless steel cartier rose gold watch cartier two tone watch cartier white gold watch cartier gold watch cartier womens watch cartier watch mens cartier silver watch black cartier watch white cartier watch cartier blue watch cartier diamond watch oris watches oris classic oris chronoris oris artelier oris big crown oris aquis oris divers sixty five oris artix oris stainless steel oris bronze oris titanium oris rose gold oris mens watch oris womens watches black oris watch oris blue dial oris green dial oris brown oris diamond watches patek philippe watches patek philippe nautilus patek philippe aquanaut patek philippe calatrava patek philippe golden ellipse patek philippe complications patek philippe twenty-4 patek philippe cocktail men's patek philippe patek philippe women's watch patek philippe rose gold patek philippe gold patek philippe stainless steel patek philippe white gold patek philippe blue patek philippe green black patek philippe patek philippe silver patek philippe white newport beach 1900 quail st. newport beach, ca 92660 mon - fri 9am - 5pm (pst) naples 380 10th st. s naples, fl 34102 mon - fri 9am - 5pm (est) our company about us careers how we give back press trusted partners bob's watches wikipedia scholarship services & support seller terms & conditions consignor terms payment methods contact us faq buying & selling why buy from us authenticity pledge buyers protection plan locations testimonial reviews shipping & returns u.s. shipping international shipping returns warranty timeless style delivered to your inbox subscribe today to receive email updates on our timepieces. your email address subscribe © 2025 bob's watches. all rights reserved privacy · terms · sitemap · accessibility all rights reserved. bob's watches is not affiliated with rolex s.a., rolex usa, or any of its subsidiaries. bob's watches is an independent watch dealer and is not sponsored by, associated with and/or affiliated with rolex s.a., rolex usa, or any other brand listed on its website. bob's watches only sells pre-owned watches and provides its own warranties on the watches it sells. the brand names and associated model names for rolex, omega and other manufacturers are the trademarks of their respective owners. need help? our team is ready to assist with all of your watch needs. call: (800) 494-3708 email our team chat now