来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20131230134652/http://www.keurig.com/membership/create-account
================================================================================

create account - keurig.com store keurig store | shop now | shop bagged coffee k-cup® system vue® system rivo® system k-cup® packs home brewers work brewers gifts accessories vue® packs home brewers work brewers gifts accessories rivo® packs home brewer accessories brewing systems learn more about our brewing systems k-cup® system vue® system rivo® system single cup brewing system for home for work single cup custom brewing system for home for work cappuccino & latte system for home beverages packs are designed exclusively for each system k-cup® system vue® system rivo® system coffee tea hot cocoa iced beverages specialty wellness brewed™ all varieties coffee tea hot cocoa iced beverages cafe beverages specialty all varieties espresso all varieties shop bagged coffee › discover our beverage brands › accessories shop for gifts or accessories gifts & accessories gifts accessories coffee samplers e-gift certificates parts ( sign in | createsign out ) member sign in *required fields not a member yet? create an account email address email is a required field. your email address is your user name password password is a required field. must contain one number or special character. must be at least 7 characters show password hint forgot password? a temporary password has been sent to the email address associated with this account. remember me choosing "remember me" will help personalize your experience at keurig.com. unless you choose to sign out, we'll keep you logged in for six months, so that when you return, your cart information will be there for you. but don't worry, to maintain security during checkout and when modifying personal information, you will be asked to verify your identity. we don't recommend using this option if you are accessing keurig.com from a public or shared computer, such as a library, school, or even a friend's computer. sign in keurig is committed to a safe and secure shopping experience. privacy policy about ssl certificates privacy policy green mountain coffee roasters, inc. (hereinafter “gmcr,” "company," "we" or “us”) appreciates your patronage. we’ve developed the following privacy policy, which applies to all websites and mobile applications owned and operated by gmcr, which currently include without limitation such sites as gmcr.com, keurig.com and greenmountaincoffee.com, and related e-commerce mobile applications (individually and collectively “site” or “sites”). we encourage you to read this privacy policy carefully to understand what information we may collect, how we may use or share this information, and what steps you may take to control such use or sharing.  by visiting any of our sites, you are accepting the practices described in this privacy notice. what information do we collect? information you provide us we collect and store the personally identifiable information you provide to us, such as your name, mailing address, email address, telephone number, credit card information, purchase history, people to whom purchases have been shipped, including their address and phone number and other information when you purchase products, create an account with us, communicate with customer service, fill out a survey, provide and rate product reviews, enter contests, register your brewer, participate in promotions, participate in an online forum or community, send us an email, submit a photo or video or otherwise interact with our site.  you can choose not to provide certain information, but then you may not be able to take advantage of many of our features. automatic information we also collect information through automated means about your utilization and navigation of our site.  the information helps us design our site to better suit your needs.  examples of this type of information include your internet protocol (ip) address used to access the site, login, e-mail address, password, computer and connection information such as browser type, version and time zone setting, browser plug-in types and versions, operating system and platform, purchase history, the uniform resource locator (url) clickstream to, through and from our site, products you viewed or searched for and the amount of time you spent on our site or various pages on our site. information from mobile devices if you download or use a gmcr app, or visit our mobile site, in addition to the information described above, we may also receive information about your location and your mobile device, including a unique identifier for your device.  you may turn off location-based services through your device. information from other sources when your information is collected on the sites, it may be collected directly by or shared with selected third parties in connection with the operation of the sites.  these third parties may process credit card information or handle shipping for us, or they may administer, process or provide advertising services, and/or analyze data as well as correcting and/or updating your information.  we may also collect information from third-party sources, including publicly available information and add this to our account information.  such information may include demographic information or information from social media sites and other sites with which we may partner. for example, if you post a comment on our facebook page or send us a message on twitter, we may collect and use that information as described in this privacy policy. what about cookies and other similar technologies? we and third party processors acting on our behalf use various internet technologies, such as cookies, web beacons, pixels, etc., to help us manage the site and track your behavior across the site so we can tailor information and advertisements to make your experience more enjoyable. if you wish, you can set your browser to refuse cookies. however, keep in mind that cookies may be required to place an online order and for other site functions, so blocking cookies may negatively impact your site experience. should you wish to block cookies through your web browser, you may still purchase products through our customer care center, at 866-901-2739 (brew). what do we do with the information we collect? we use the information we collect for various purposes, including to fulfill your orders, to respond to your requests and communicate with you, to customize future shopping for you, to manage our site, to perform marketing analysis, to send you email communications, catalog mailings, and for other lawful purposes. from time to time, we may also contact you by email, phone, mobile sms or mail for such purposes as to inform you of new products, services and special offers, administer a survey, or to follow up on previous interactions, unless you have opted out of receiving advertising communications from us. if you download or use a gmcr app, or visit our mobile site, we may use your information to provide you location based services, such as advertising, search results and other personalized content. we also share your information with third parties for advertising purposes by other like-minded companies who provide products and services we believe might be of interest to you. in addition, we may share any demographic, location data, ip address or aggregated data or other information with advertisers and other third parties for marketing or promotional purposes. the information we collect from cookies and other similar technologies may be linked to other information about you.  we use this information, alone or in combination, to provide and administer our site, understand user behavior, recognize repeat visitors, target, control and measure the effectiveness of advertisements, track and analyze user behavior, facilitate your access to and use of our site, help diagnose problems with the site, and help determine the effectiveness of advertising campaigns on our site. we may also disclose your information to third parties if we believe disclosure is appropriate to comply with law, regulation, legal process or government request; enforce the terms of any of our notices; or protect the rights, property or safety of gmcr, our associates, or our customers. this may include assistance in fraud protection and investigation. in addition, we may share or transfer your information in connection with a substantial corporate transaction, such as a merger, consolidation, asset sale, or in the unlikely event of bankruptcy. if you do not wish to receive communications from us or third parties, please follow the opt-out instructions provided in such communications, or via your account settings if available. alternatively, you can contact us at 866-901-2739 (brew) and speak directly with a customer care representative who can answer any questions you may have and update your account accordingly. links and third-party content our site may contain links to other websites, which are not under our control. we provide these links as a customer convenience and to allow advertisers to promote their own sites or products, and do not endorse those sites, companies or their products or services. also, when you link to our site from another site, the originating site may collect information about you. we do not review, control or monitor the practices, information or materials on any other websites, and are not responsible or liable for the communications, practices, information, content or materials from any of those sites. you are responsible for understanding and adhering to any other website's terms and conditions. security our sites employ reasonable security measures which are designed to prevent the loss, misuse, unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration or destruction of personal information. children we do not knowingly collect information about children under 13 and do not sell products for purchase by children under 13, though we do sell products for adults to purchase for children. if you are under 18, get your parent's consent before using a site. privacy policy changes we reserve the right to amend this privacy policy at any time for any reason and without notice. we will post changes to this policy on our sites, and we encourage all visitors and users of a site to check this policy from time to time. last updated november 2013 cart ( 0 items ) create an accountcreate an account create account *required fields already have an account? sign in member sign in *required fields not a member yet? create an account email address email is a required field. your email address is your user name password password is a required field. must contain one number or special character. must be at least 7 characters show password hint forgot password? a temporary password has been sent to the email address associated with this account. remember me choosing "remember me" will help personalize your experience at keurig.com. unless you choose to sign out, we'll keep you logged in for six months, so that when you return, your cart information will be there for you. but don't worry, to maintain security during checkout and when modifying personal information, you will be asked to verify your identity. we don't recommend using this option if you are accessing keurig.com from a public or shared computer, such as a library, school, or even a friend's computer. sign in keurig is committed to a safe and secure shopping experience. privacy policy about ssl certificates privacy policy green mountain coffee roasters, inc. (hereinafter “gmcr,” "company," "we" or “us”) appreciates your patronage. we’ve developed the following privacy policy, which applies to all websites and mobile applications owned and operated by gmcr, which currently include without limitation such sites as gmcr.com, keurig.com and greenmountaincoffee.com, and related e-commerce mobile applications (individually and collectively “site” or “sites”). we encourage you to read this privacy policy carefully to understand what information we may collect, how we may use or share this information, and what steps you may take to control such use or sharing.  by visiting any of our sites, you are accepting the practices described in this privacy notice. what information do we collect? information you provide us we collect and store the personally identifiable information you provide to us, such as your name, mailing address, email address, telephone number, credit card information, purchase history, people to whom purchases have been shipped, including their address and phone number and other information when you purchase products, create an account with us, communicate with customer service, fill out a survey, provide and rate product reviews, enter contests, register your brewer, participate in promotions, participate in an online forum or community, send us an email, submit a photo or video or otherwise interact with our site.  you can choose not to provide certain information, but then you may not be able to take advantage of many of our features. automatic information we also collect information through automated means about your utilization and navigation of our site.  the information helps us design our site to better suit your needs.  examples of this type of information include your internet protocol (ip) address used to access the site, login, e-mail address, password, computer and connection information such as browser type, version and time zone setting, browser plug-in types and versions, operating system and platform, purchase history, the uniform resource locator (url) clickstream to, through and from our site, products you viewed or searched for and the amount of time you spent on our site or various pages on our site. information from mobile devices if you download or use a gmcr app, or visit our mobile site, in addition to the information described above, we may also receive information about your location and your mobile device, including a unique identifier for your device.  you may turn off location-based services through your device. information from other sources when your information is collected on the sites, it may be collected directly by or shared with selected third parties in connection with the operation of the sites.  these third parties may process credit card information or handle shipping for us, or they may administer, process or provide advertising services, and/or analyze data as well as correcting and/or updating your information.  we may also collect information from third-party sources, including publicly available information and add this to our account information.  such information may include demographic information or information from social media sites and other sites with which we may partner. for example, if you post a comment on our facebook page or send us a message on twitter, we may collect and use that information as described in this privacy policy. what about cookies and other similar technologies? we and third party processors acting on our behalf use various internet technologies, such as cookies, web beacons, pixels, etc., to help us manage the site and track your behavior across the site so we can tailor information and advertisements to make your experience more enjoyable. if you wish, you can set your browser to refuse cookies. however, keep in mind that cookies may be required to place an online order and for other site functions, so blocking cookies may negatively impact your site experience. should you wish to block cookies through your web browser, you may still purchase products through our customer care center, at 866-901-2739 (brew). what do we do with the information we collect? we use the information we collect for various purposes, including to fulfill your orders, to respond to your requests and communicate with you, to customize future shopping for you, to manage our site, to perform marketing analysis, to send you email communications, catalog mailings, and for other lawful purposes. from time to time, we may also contact you by email, phone, mobile sms or mail for such purposes as to inform you of new products, services and special offers, administer a survey, or to follow up on previous interactions, unless you have opted out of receiving advertising communications from us. if you download or use a gmcr app, or visit our mobile site, we may use your information to provide you location based services, such as advertising, search results and other personalized content. we also share your information with third parties for advertising purposes by other like-minded companies who provide products and services we believe might be of interest to you. in addition, we may share any demographic, location data, ip address or aggregated data or other information with advertisers and other third parties for marketing or promotional purposes. the information we collect from cookies and other similar technologies may be linked to other information about you.  we use this information, alone or in combination, to provide and administer our site, understand user behavior, recognize repeat visitors, target, control and measure the effectiveness of advertisements, track and analyze user behavior, facilitate your access to and use of our site, help diagnose problems with the site, and help determine the effectiveness of advertising campaigns on our site. we may also disclose your information to third parties if we believe disclosure is appropriate to comply with law, regulation, legal process or government request; enforce the terms of any of our notices; or protect the rights, property or safety of gmcr, our associates, or our customers. this may include assistance in fraud protection and investigation. in addition, we may share or transfer your information in connection with a substantial corporate transaction, such as a merger, consolidation, asset sale, or in the unlikely event of bankruptcy. if you do not wish to receive communications from us or third parties, please follow the opt-out instructions provided in such communications, or via your account settings if available. alternatively, you can contact us at 866-901-2739 (brew) and speak directly with a customer care representative who can answer any questions you may have and update your account accordingly. links and third-party content our site may contain links to other websites, which are not under our control. we provide these links as a customer convenience and to allow advertisers to promote their own sites or products, and do not endorse those sites, companies or their products or services. also, when you link to our site from another site, the originating site may collect information about you. we do not review, control or monitor the practices, information or materials on any other websites, and are not responsible or liable for the communications, practices, information, content or materials from any of those sites. you are responsible for understanding and adhering to any other website's terms and conditions. security our sites employ reasonable security measures which are designed to prevent the loss, misuse, unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration or destruction of personal information. children we do not knowingly collect information about children under 13 and do not sell products for purchase by children under 13, though we do sell products for adults to purchase for children. if you are under 18, get your parent's consent before using a site. privacy policy changes we reserve the right to amend this privacy policy at any time for any reason and without notice. we will post changes to this policy on our sites, and we encourage all visitors and users of a site to check this policy from time to time. last updated november 2013 first name {{account.firstname.message}} last name {{account.lastname.message}} email address {{account.email.message}} your email address is your user name re-enter email address {{account.repeatemail.message}} confirm your email address password {{account.password.message}} must contain one number or special character. must be at least 7 characters. password hint {{account.passwordhint.message}} choose a phrase that will help you remember your password. it cannot be the same as your password. yes i would like to receive special offers emails from keurig! where do you primarily use your keurig® brewer? home business what type of business? submit info privacy policy green mountain coffee roasters, inc. (hereinafter “gmcr,” "company," "we" or “us”) appreciates your patronage. we’ve developed the following privacy policy, which applies to all websites and mobile applications owned and operated by gmcr, which currently include without limitation such sites as gmcr.com, keurig.com and greenmountaincoffee.com, and related e-commerce mobile applications (individually and collectively “site” or “sites”). we encourage you to read this privacy policy carefully to understand what information we may collect, how we may use or share this information, and what steps you may take to control such use or sharing.  by visiting any of our sites, you are accepting the practices described in this privacy notice. what information do we collect? information you provide us we collect and store the personally identifiable information you provide to us, such as your name, mailing address, email address, telephone number, credit card information, purchase history, people to whom purchases have been shipped, including their address and phone number and other information when you purchase products, create an account with us, communicate with customer service, fill out a survey, provide and rate product reviews, enter contests, register your brewer, participate in promotions, participate in an online forum or community, send us an email, submit a photo or video or otherwise interact with our site.  you can choose not to provide certain information, but then you may not be able to take advantage of many of our features. automatic information we also collect information through automated means about your utilization and navigation of our site.  the information helps us design our site to better suit your needs.  examples of this type of information include your internet protocol (ip) address used to access the site, login, e-mail address, password, computer and connection information such as browser type, version and time zone setting, browser plug-in types and versions, operating system and platform, purchase history, the uniform resource locator (url) clickstream to, through and from our site, products you viewed or searched for and the amount of time you spent on our site or various pages on our site. information from mobile devices if you download or use a gmcr app, or visit our mobile site, in addition to the information described above, we may also receive information about your location and your mobile device, including a unique identifier for your device.  you may turn off location-based services through your device. information from other sources when your information is collected on the sites, it may be collected directly by or shared with selected third parties in connection with the operation of the sites.  these third parties may process credit card information or handle shipping for us, or they may administer, process or provide advertising services, and/or analyze data as well as correcting and/or updating your information.  we may also collect information from third-party sources, including publicly available information and add this to our account information.  such information may include demographic information or information from social media sites and other sites with which we may partner. for example, if you post a comment on our facebook page or send us a message on twitter, we may collect and use that information as described in this privacy policy. what about cookies and other similar technologies? we and third party processors acting on our behalf use various internet technologies, such as cookies, web beacons, pixels, etc., to help us manage the site and track your behavior across the site so we can tailor information and advertisements to make your experience more enjoyable. if you wish, you can set your browser to refuse cookies. however, keep in mind that cookies may be required to place an online order and for other site functions, so blocking cookies may negatively impact your site experience. should you wish to block cookies through your web browser, you may still purchase products through our customer care center, at 866-901-2739 (brew). what do we do with the information we collect? we use the information we collect for various purposes, including to fulfill your orders, to respond to your requests and communicate with you, to customize future shopping for you, to manage our site, to perform marketing analysis, to send you email communications, catalog mailings, and for other lawful purposes. from time to time, we may also contact you by email, phone, mobile sms or mail for such purposes as to inform you of new products, services and special offers, administer a survey, or to follow up on previous interactions, unless you have opted out of receiving advertising communications from us. if you download or use a gmcr app, or visit our mobile site, we may use your information to provide you location based services, such as advertising, search results and other personalized content. we also share your information with third parties for advertising purposes by other like-minded companies who provide products and services we believe might be of interest to you. in addition, we may share any demographic, location data, ip address or aggregated data or other information with advertisers and other third parties for marketing or promotional purposes. the information we collect from cookies and other similar technologies may be linked to other information about you.  we use this information, alone or in combination, to provide and administer our site, understand user behavior, recognize repeat visitors, target, control and measure the effectiveness of advertisements, track and analyze user behavior, facilitate your access to and use of our site, help diagnose problems with the site, and help determine the effectiveness of advertising campaigns on our site. we may also disclose your information to third parties if we believe disclosure is appropriate to comply with law, regulation, legal process or government request; enforce the terms of any of our notices; or protect the rights, property or safety of gmcr, our associates, or our customers. this may include assistance in fraud protection and investigation. in addition, we may share or transfer your information in connection with a substantial corporate transaction, such as a merger, consolidation, asset sale, or in the unlikely event of bankruptcy. if you do not wish to receive communications from us or third parties, please follow the opt-out instructions provided in such communications, or via your account settings if available. alternatively, you can contact us at 866-901-2739 (brew) and speak directly with a customer care representative who can answer any questions you may have and update your account accordingly. links and third-party content our site may contain links to other websites, which are not under our control. we provide these links as a customer convenience and to allow advertisers to promote their own sites or products, and do not endorse those sites, companies or their products or services. also, when you link to our site from another site, the originating site may collect information about you. we do not review, control or monitor the practices, information or materials on any other websites, and are not responsible or liable for the communications, practices, information, content or materials from any of those sites. you are responsible for understanding and adhering to any other website's terms and conditions. security our sites employ reasonable security measures which are designed to prevent the loss, misuse, unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration or destruction of personal information. children we do not knowingly collect information about children under 13 and do not sell products for purchase by children under 13, though we do sell products for adults to purchase for children. if you are under 18, get your parent's consent before using a site. privacy policy changes we reserve the right to amend this privacy policy at any time for any reason and without notice. we will post changes to this policy on our sites, and we encourage all visitors and users of a site to check this policy from time to time. last updated november 2013 why create an account? creating an account is necessary to register your brewer. once you have an account, checking out will be quicker and easier. plus, you'll have access to these great benefits: take advantage of refer-a-friend free offer receive discounts up to 15% with your club keurig™ membership enjoy exclusive email offers and new product alerts special offer emails! receive exclusive offers and be the first to know about new products. sign up e-gift certificates the perfect gift - sure to make them smile! k-cup® system beverage varieties home brewers work brewers gifts accessories vue® system beverage varieties home brewers work brewers gifts accessories rivo® system beverage varieties home brewers accessories bagged coffee helpful information canadian shoppers contact us register your brewer store locator site map legal information terms of use privacy policy ca transparency in supply chains act compliance © green mountain coffee roasters, inc., 2014 all rights reserved email sign up in just a few additional steps you can create an account. your information is secure. privacy policy email sign up confirmation thank you for joining the keurig email list. we love to keep you in the know!