来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20131230134652/http://www.keurig.com/termsofuse
================================================================================

terms of use - keurig.com store keurig store | shop now | shop bagged coffee k-cup® system vue® system rivo® system k-cup® packs home brewers work brewers gifts accessories vue® packs home brewers work brewers gifts accessories rivo® packs home brewer accessories brewing systems learn more about our brewing systems k-cup® system vue® system rivo® system single cup brewing system for home for work single cup custom brewing system for home for work cappuccino & latte system for home beverages packs are designed exclusively for each system k-cup® system vue® system rivo® system coffee tea hot cocoa iced beverages specialty wellness brewed™ all varieties coffee tea hot cocoa iced beverages cafe beverages specialty all varieties espresso all varieties shop bagged coffee › discover our beverage brands › accessories shop for gifts or accessories gifts & accessories gifts accessories coffee samplers e-gift certificates parts ( sign in | createsign out ) member sign in *required fields not a member yet? create an account email address email is a required field. your email address is your user name password password is a required field. must contain one number or special character. must be at least 7 characters show password hint forgot password? a temporary password has been sent to the email address associated with this account. remember me choosing "remember me" will help personalize your experience at keurig.com. unless you choose to sign out, we'll keep you logged in for six months, so that when you return, your cart information will be there for you. but don't worry, to maintain security during checkout and when modifying personal information, you will be asked to verify your identity. we don't recommend using this option if you are accessing keurig.com from a public or shared computer, such as a library, school, or even a friend's computer. sign in keurig is committed to a safe and secure shopping experience. privacy policy about ssl certificates privacy policy green mountain coffee roasters, inc. (hereinafter “gmcr,” "company," "we" or “us”) appreciates your patronage. we’ve developed the following privacy policy, which applies to all websites and mobile applications owned and operated by gmcr, which currently include without limitation such sites as gmcr.com, keurig.com and greenmountaincoffee.com, and related e-commerce mobile applications (individually and collectively “site” or “sites”). we encourage you to read this privacy policy carefully to understand what information we may collect, how we may use or share this information, and what steps you may take to control such use or sharing.  by visiting any of our sites, you are accepting the practices described in this privacy notice. what information do we collect? information you provide us we collect and store the personally identifiable information you provide to us, such as your name, mailing address, email address, telephone number, credit card information, purchase history, people to whom purchases have been shipped, including their address and phone number and other information when you purchase products, create an account with us, communicate with customer service, fill out a survey, provide and rate product reviews, enter contests, register your brewer, participate in promotions, participate in an online forum or community, send us an email, submit a photo or video or otherwise interact with our site.  you can choose not to provide certain information, but then you may not be able to take advantage of many of our features. automatic information we also collect information through automated means about your utilization and navigation of our site.  the information helps us design our site to better suit your needs.  examples of this type of information include your internet protocol (ip) address used to access the site, login, e-mail address, password, computer and connection information such as browser type, version and time zone setting, browser plug-in types and versions, operating system and platform, purchase history, the uniform resource locator (url) clickstream to, through and from our site, products you viewed or searched for and the amount of time you spent on our site or various pages on our site. information from mobile devices if you download or use a gmcr app, or visit our mobile site, in addition to the information described above, we may also receive information about your location and your mobile device, including a unique identifier for your device.  you may turn off location-based services through your device. information from other sources when your information is collected on the sites, it may be collected directly by or shared with selected third parties in connection with the operation of the sites.  these third parties may process credit card information or handle shipping for us, or they may administer, process or provide advertising services, and/or analyze data as well as correcting and/or updating your information.  we may also collect information from third-party sources, including publicly available information and add this to our account information.  such information may include demographic information or information from social media sites and other sites with which we may partner. for example, if you post a comment on our facebook page or send us a message on twitter, we may collect and use that information as described in this privacy policy. what about cookies and other similar technologies? we and third party processors acting on our behalf use various internet technologies, such as cookies, web beacons, pixels, etc., to help us manage the site and track your behavior across the site so we can tailor information and advertisements to make your experience more enjoyable. if you wish, you can set your browser to refuse cookies. however, keep in mind that cookies may be required to place an online order and for other site functions, so blocking cookies may negatively impact your site experience. should you wish to block cookies through your web browser, you may still purchase products through our customer care center, at 866-901-2739 (brew). what do we do with the information we collect? we use the information we collect for various purposes, including to fulfill your orders, to respond to your requests and communicate with you, to customize future shopping for you, to manage our site, to perform marketing analysis, to send you email communications, catalog mailings, and for other lawful purposes. from time to time, we may also contact you by email, phone, mobile sms or mail for such purposes as to inform you of new products, services and special offers, administer a survey, or to follow up on previous interactions, unless you have opted out of receiving advertising communications from us. if you download or use a gmcr app, or visit our mobile site, we may use your information to provide you location based services, such as advertising, search results and other personalized content. we also share your information with third parties for advertising purposes by other like-minded companies who provide products and services we believe might be of interest to you. in addition, we may share any demographic, location data, ip address or aggregated data or other information with advertisers and other third parties for marketing or promotional purposes. the information we collect from cookies and other similar technologies may be linked to other information about you.  we use this information, alone or in combination, to provide and administer our site, understand user behavior, recognize repeat visitors, target, control and measure the effectiveness of advertisements, track and analyze user behavior, facilitate your access to and use of our site, help diagnose problems with the site, and help determine the effectiveness of advertising campaigns on our site. we may also disclose your information to third parties if we believe disclosure is appropriate to comply with law, regulation, legal process or government request; enforce the terms of any of our notices; or protect the rights, property or safety of gmcr, our associates, or our customers. this may include assistance in fraud protection and investigation. in addition, we may share or transfer your information in connection with a substantial corporate transaction, such as a merger, consolidation, asset sale, or in the unlikely event of bankruptcy. if you do not wish to receive communications from us or third parties, please follow the opt-out instructions provided in such communications, or via your account settings if available. alternatively, you can contact us at 866-901-2739 (brew) and speak directly with a customer care representative who can answer any questions you may have and update your account accordingly. links and third-party content our site may contain links to other websites, which are not under our control. we provide these links as a customer convenience and to allow advertisers to promote their own sites or products, and do not endorse those sites, companies or their products or services. also, when you link to our site from another site, the originating site may collect information about you. we do not review, control or monitor the practices, information or materials on any other websites, and are not responsible or liable for the communications, practices, information, content or materials from any of those sites. you are responsible for understanding and adhering to any other website's terms and conditions. security our sites employ reasonable security measures which are designed to prevent the loss, misuse, unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration or destruction of personal information. children we do not knowingly collect information about children under 13 and do not sell products for purchase by children under 13, though we do sell products for adults to purchase for children. if you are under 18, get your parent's consent before using a site. privacy policy changes we reserve the right to amend this privacy policy at any time for any reason and without notice. we will post changes to this policy on our sites, and we encourage all visitors and users of a site to check this policy from time to time. last updated november 2013 cart ( 0 items ) terms of useterms of use introduction these terms of use (“terms”) are a legal agreement between green mountain coffee roasters, inc. and all of its related companies including without limitation keurig, incorporated, gmcr canada holding inc., and timothy’s coffees of the world inc. (collectively “gmcr”) and you, and describe the rules and conditions by which you may use any website, facebook site, mobile app, or other social media channel owned and/or operated by gmcr now or in the future (collectively and individually, the "site”). the site is owned and controlled by gmcr. your use of the site constitutes your agreement to these terms. by using the site, you agree to be bound by these terms and any additional terms that may be posted for any specific gmcr site. if you do not agree to these terms, do not use the site. gmcr reserves the right to modify or change these terms from time to time, at gmcr’s sole discretion, without prior notice to you. please periodically visit this section of the site to review the current version of these terms. by using the site you agree to the most current version of the terms and any and all future changes that may be placed in effect. you also agree to comply with any additional terms which are referred to on this site or any area within the site. by using the site, you acknowledge that you have read and understand this agreement and agree to be bound by its terms. you further agree that this agreement is the complete and exclusive statement of the agreement between you and gmcr regarding the site. website content and limits on use we provide this site as a service to our customers. unless otherwise noted, all site content and functionality, including images, illustrations, designs, icons, photographs, video clips, software, and written and other content that are part of this site, including all copyright, trademark, patent, and any other intellectual property rights therein (collectively, the "content") is owned or licensed by gmcr. the site and all its content are intended solely for your personal use. except as described herein, you may not copy, reproduce, distribute, perform, create derivative or joint works from, publish, translate, adapt, modify, transmit, reverse-engineer, decompile, disassemble or otherwise exploit or use, in whole or in part, any of the content and/or the site, including but not limited to any software or any other item. you agree that if you download or print any images from the site you do so solely for your own personal use and will not remove any copyright, trademark, and other notices that appear within the site. no right, title or interest in any downloaded or printed content is transferred to you as a result of any such downloading or printing or any other use. gmcr grants you a personal, limited, non-exclusive, non-transferable, revocable license to install and use any proprietary software necessary to use the site, including any updates and enhancements, in object code form, including on your mobile device, if necessary (the “license”). except as otherwise expressly provided, gmcr grants no other express or implied rights to you in regard to the site. the license granted to you may not be sublicensed, commercially distributed, or shared with any third party without the prior written consent of gmcr. except for information, products or services clearly and specifically identified as being supplied or endorsed by gmcr, gmcr does not endorse any products or services on this site or other sites linked to or from it. gmcr may add, change, or remove any content posted on this site, including features and specifications of products described or depicted on the site, at any time, without notice and without liability. user name/password in order to create an account on this site, you must be at least eighteen (18) years old and create a username and password. you are responsible for keeping your username and password confidential and secure, and you are responsible for all actions taken using your username and password. by registering, you may agree to receive communications and promotional materials from gmcr and its affiliated entities. user-generated content if you send, post, or otherwise provide to gmcr any comments, content, reviews, or other materials (“materials”), such materials will be treated as non-confidential and non-proprietary. gmcr has a company policy against accepting unsolicited product ideas in order to avoid any conflicts or confusion concerning ownership of such ideas. by posting any such materials, you represent to gmcr and the other users of the site that you have the right to reproduce the materials on the site. you retain whatever ownership you may have in the materials you post, but by posting them to the site, you grant to gmcr a perpetual, worldwide, royalty-free, irrevocable, non-exclusive license (with rights to sublicense) to use, reproduce, derive, distribute, compile, sell, offer for sale, and commercialize any ideas, concepts, know-how, techniques or copyrighted content contained in such materials in any way and for any purpose whatsoever. gmcr shall have no obligation of any kind with respect to such materials and will be free to use, reproduce, derive, distribute, delete, compile, sell, offer for sale, and commercialize the materials to others, without limitation. trademark notice gmcr names and logos and all related product and service names, design marks and slogans are the proprietary property of gmcr. all rights are reserved. site visitors are not authorized to use any gmcr name or mark in any advertisement, publicity or in any other commercial manner without prior written consent of gmcr. all other trademarks appearing on the site are the property of their respective owners. rules for using the site you agree to follow the conduct rules listed below: you will not knowingly provide or post any false, misleading, or fraudulent information. you will not use this site for any illegal purpose, nor will you provide or post any material or information in violation of any applicable law or regulation. all information provided or posted by you will not violate the copyright rights, right of publicity or privacy or any other proprietary rights of any third party. information provided or posted by you will not violate the trade secret rights of any third party. information provided or posted by you must not be defamatory, harassing, offensive, threatening, obscene, or otherwise inappropriate or disruptive. you will not hold yourself out as someone you are not or otherwise impersonate any other person while using the site. you will not interfere or tamper with the functioning of the site, nor will you attempt to gain access to information or control of the site not specifically granted to you. you will not use the site to transmit any spyware, virus or similar destructive program or code. you will not compile any database or list of other site visitors, nor will you use the site to facilitate the sending of any spam, bulk email, or email offering to sell goods or provide services. you will not access or attempt to access any restricted portion of the site unless you have specifically been granted access. site access we may discontinue all or part of this site at any time. we may block or limit your access to this site if: (a) you violate these terms; (b) you violate any applicable law or regulation relating to your use of this site; (c) you engage in any conduct which we, in our sole discretion, believe is offensive, harmful, defamatory, or otherwise harmful to us or others. please note that if you are accessing a site via a mobile device, standard fees may be incurred. check with your mobile service provider for details. product information, pricing and availability the products displayed on the site may be available on our site for purchase, and may also be available in select third party retail locations. the products and prices displayed on the site are subject to change at any time with or without notice. the prices or items in any particular third party store may be different from those appearing on the site, and the in-store information and availability controls over any conflicting information at this site. your placement of an order through the site constitutes your offer to purchase the items selected by you. we may accept or reject your offer, and your offer is not accepted by us until we ship your order. occasionally there may be information on the site that contains typographical errors, inaccuracies, or omissions that may relate to product descriptions, pricing and availability. we reserve the right to correct any errors, inaccuracies or omissions and to change or update information at any time without prior notice, even after an order may be placed or confirmed. in the event a product ordered is no longer available, not available at the advertised price, or if the price has increased, we may decline your offer or we may contact you to confirm whether you would like to continue with your purchase given the new availability and pricing information. in connection with placing an order, you may be asked by gmcr or the applicable third party to supply certain information, including, but not limited to, credit card or other payment information. you agree to provide gmcr or such third party with information that is accurate, complete and current, and to comply with the terms and conditions of any agreement that you enter in connection with your purchase of any product or service. you are responsible for all charges incurred by users of your account, credit card or other payment mechanism, as well as for paying any applicable taxes. links the site may contain links to websites operated by other entities, or display information or content regarding products or services offered by others. these other sites and other entities are not under our control, and we are not responsible for the content available on any other internet sites linked to this site or any action or inaction of any third party. we do not endorse or warrant the goods or services of any third party, and you visit other sites or engage in business with any third party at your own risk. privacy please review our privacy policy posted at each site to understand our privacy practices for that site. by using the site, you also agree to the most-recent version of the privacy policy in effect at that site. we may change the privacy policy at any time, and such changes will be reflected in the privacy policy posted on the site or otherwise communicated to users of the site. fraud prevention gmcr reserves the right to request further information from you to deter or investigate potential fraudulent transactions. this information may include, but is not limited to, a copy of the credit card statement that was used to complete the offers, in order to ensure a stolen credit card was not used. gmcr reserves the right to place any order on hold, for any reason, in order to investigate potentially fraudulent activity involving the site. all decisions by gmcr regarding fraud or suspected fraud are binding and final. website warranty disclaimer you expressly acknowledge and agree that use of the site is at your sole risk and that the entire risk as to satisfactory quality, performance, accuracy and effort is with you. all content on the site is provided "as is" without warranties of any kind, either express or implied, including without limitation, warranties of title, implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose or non-infringement of intellectual property. gmcr expressly disclaims any duty to update or revise the content on the site, although gmcr may modify the content at any time without notice. you assume full responsibility for all costs associated with all necessary servicing or repairs of any equipment you use in connection with your use of the site. the company makes no representations or warranties that use of the website will be uninterrupted or error-free or that defects will be corrected, or that the functions contained in the site will function with other software or hardware, or within a particular system. you are responsible for taking all necessary precautions to ensure that any content you may obtain from the site is free of viruses or other harmful components. you further acknowledge that gmcr shall not be liable for any damages of any kind related to your use of the site. some jurisdictions do not allow the exclusion of implied warranties or limitations on applicable statutory rights of a consumer, so the above exclusion may not apply to you. limitation of liability in no event shall gmcr be liable for any direct, indirect, special, punitive, incidental, exemplary or consequential, damages, or any damages whatsoever, even if gmcr has been previously advised of the possibility of such damages, whether in an action under contract, negligence, or any other theory, arising out of or in connection with the use, inability to use, or performance of the information, services, products, and materials available from this site. these limitations shall apply notwithstanding any failure of essential purpose of any limited remedy. because some jurisdictions do not allow limitations on how long an implied warranty lasts, or the exclusion or limitation of liability for consequential or incidental damages, the above limitations may not apply to you. indemnification to the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, by visiting this site, you agree to hold harmless gmcr, and any affiliated gmcr entity, their officers, directors, employees, sponsors, and agents (“covered parties”) from and against all claims, actions, demands, liabilities, judgments and settlements, including, without limitation, from any direct, indirect, incidental, consequential, special, exemplary, punitive or any other claim you may incur in connection with your use of this site, including, without limitation, any economic harm, personal injury, lost profits, damages to business, data or computer systems, or any damages resulting from reliance on any content or resulting from any interruptions, work stoppages, computer failures, deletion of files, errors, omissions, inaccuracies, defects, viruses, delays or mistakes of any kind, even if you have previously advised gmcr of the possibility of such claim. your sole remedy for dissatisfaction with the service is to stop using the service. children this site is not intended for minors. minors and children (persons under the age of 18) are not eligible to use the site unsupervised and we ask that minors and children do not register for an account or submit any personal information to us. by using this site unsupervised, and/or registering for an account, you warrant that you are 18 years of age or older. miscellaneous unless otherwise specified, the site and the content thereof are displayed solely for the purpose of promoting our products and services, and our company. these terms shall be construed in accordance with the laws of the state of delaware, u.s.a., without regard to any conflict of law provisions. any dispute arising under this agreement shall be resolved exclusively by the state and/or federal courts of the state of delaware, u.s.a. by using this site, you agree and submit to the personal jurisdiction and venue of such courts. you agree that in the event you have or may have any alleged claim against gmcr or any of our vendors, contractors, licensees, or licensors, you shall pursue such claim only in your individual capacity, and you shall not agree to join or be a part of any class action, consolidated action, or similar action. you also agree that your damages are limited as set forth elsewhere in these terms and that you are not eligible to receive, and shall not seek, attorney’s fees in relation to any claim you have or may have against gmcr or its vendors or licensors. enforceability if any provision of this agreement is held to be invalid or unenforceable, then that provision shall be limited or eliminated to the minimum extent necessary to allow the remainder of this agreement to retain its full force and effect. our failure to act with respect to any failure by you or to others to comply with these terms does not waive our right to act with respect to subsequent or similar failures. these terms constitute the entire agreement between you and gmcr applicable to its subject matter. anything on the site inconsistent or in conflict with the terms of this agreement is superseded by the terms of this agreement. it may not be modified except as described elsewhere in this agreement. this agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of your respective successors or assigns. termination the terms shall remain effective until terminated as outlined herein. you agree that gmcr in its sole discretion may terminate your password, account (or any part thereof), or use of the site, and remove and discard any content within the site, at any time and for any reason. in such event and with respect to any use of a site on a mobile device, you must immediately remove the site from your mobile device, including all component parts. you agree that any actions taken under this section may be effective without prior notice to you. export restrictions you acknowledge that any related software is of u.s.-origin, and agree to comply with all applicable international and national laws that apply to any site, as well as end-user, end-use and country destination restrictions issued by the u.s. and other governments. special offer emails! receive exclusive offers and be the first to know about new products. sign up e-gift certificates the perfect gift - sure to make them smile! k-cup® system beverage varieties home brewers work brewers gifts accessories vue® system beverage varieties home brewers work brewers gifts accessories rivo® system beverage varieties home brewers accessories bagged coffee helpful information canadian shoppers contact us register your brewer store locator site map legal information terms of use privacy policy ca transparency in supply chains act compliance © green mountain coffee roasters, inc., 2014 all rights reserved email sign up in just a few additional steps you can create an account. your information is secure. privacy policy email sign up confirmation thank you for joining the keurig email list. we love to keep you in the know!