来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20151231141002/http://www.keurig.com/support/returns
================================================================================

returns page - keurig skip to content skip to navigation menu menu shop shop beverages by pod k-cup® k-mug™ k-carafe™ vue® rivo® recyclability new! kold™ by type coffee tea hot cocoa iced beverages bagged coffee special reserve seasonal soup shop by brand shop hot brewers appliance keurig® 2.0 k-cup® rivo® for work new shop kold™ appliance kold™ drinkmaker kold™ beverages shop accessories my k-cup® reusable filter carafes & drinkware cleaning & maintenance e-gift card pod storage spare parts kold™ accessories kold™ parts beverages pods k-cup® k-mug™ k-carafe™ vue® rivo® recyclability new! kold™ hot beverages coffee tea hot cocoa iced beverages bagged coffee special reserve seasonal soup shop by brand new kold™ beverages hot brewers appliances keurig® 2.0 k-cup® rivo® for work new!  kold™ new kold™ drinkmaker new kold™ beverages new! kold™ accessories support how we can help? hot brewer support hot beverage support kold™ support store locator register your appliance my order my account auto delivery rewards catalog my account login home returns page purchase support ordering shipping returns changes and cancellations unfortunately, once an order is in process, we are unable to edit or cancel the order. please understand that the ordering process is automated and the orders are printed immediately in our distribution center and processed without delay. you may choose to refuse your order or contact customer service as soon as possible as in some cases; we may be able to assist you. please note: you will be charged for this shipment but will be credited when it is returned to us. we certainly apologize for any inconvenience but hope that in the majority of cases our quick processing will work to your advantage. returns policy brewers keurig.com brewer purchases carry a 30-day money back guarantee. if you are not completely satisfied with your keurig.com brewer, you may return it within 30 days of purchase. please contact our customer service department prior to taking advantage of the keurig.com money back guarantee. your credit will be processed within 5-7 business days after receipt of your return and will post to the credit card used to make the purchase. no returns will be accepted without a return authorization number. please have the brewer serial number available at the time of your call . we are available 7 days a week 7am-midnight, est at 866-901-brew (2739) accessories if you are not satisfied with an accessory purchased on keurig.com, you may request a return for a replacement or credit of the purchase price. your request must be made within 30 days of purchase. please contact our customer service department prior to returning the item. your credit will be processed within 5-7 business days after receipt of your return and will post to the credit card used to make the purchase. no returns will be accepted without a return authorization number. please have your order number available at the time of your call. we are available 7 days a week 7am-midnight, est at 866-901-brew (2739) gifts brewers or accessories shipped to you from keurig.com as a gift may be *returned for a credit to the original form of payment or exchanged for product of equal value. your credit will be processed within 5-7 business days after receipt of your return and will post to the credit card used to make the purchase. *refund checks are not issued for gift returns, shipping is non-refundable. beverages beverages are not eligible for return or exchange. many of our products are available in sample packs. we recommend these sample packs when trying new selections. faqs will i get a confirmation of my order? -will ‘guests’ get this confirmation? if you have supplied us with a valid email address, you will receive an order confirmation via email after you successfully place your order. you will also receive a shipping confirmation email when it is packed and ready to be shipped. can i put a gift message on my order? do you offer gift wrapping? yes! you may add a gift message during the checkout process. after entering the shipping address, you should click the button to indicate that this order is a gift and then will be provided with a text box to enter your gift message. we do not offer a gift wrapping service at this time. how can i get a coupon? keurig.com uses coupon codes for various programs and offers. coupons are also used for special promotions to our club keurig™. periodically, we send emails to our customers when a new promotion is available. click here to learn more about club keurig. what can i do if my shipping information is incorrect? unfortunately, we are unable to change shipping information once an order has been placed. our shipping process is highly automated and your order information travels directly to our warehouse as soon as the order is placed. fedex may be able to re-reroute your shipment. please contact us at 866-901-brew (2739) to discuss this option. how long will it take to get my order? we process orders within 48 hours of receipt on business days only. ship time will take effect after the order has been processed which could be up to 2 business days. our goal is to ship orders within 2 business days. please refer to our shipping policy for more information on specific shipping methods and timeframes. why can't i track my order with the tracking # provided? if your tracking information is not yet available please check it again the following business day. please note that although keurig has your order packaged and ready for pickup by fedex, you will not see any tracking scans until your package is picked up by fedex. your order will be processed and picked up on business days only. if your order is shipping to canada, you will not see any tracking scans until your package has cleared customs. why did i not receive my order within the expedited shipping time i chose? expedited ship time will take effect after the order has been processed and picked up which could be up to 2 business days. an order shipped via 2nd day could possibly take up to 4 business days to arrive. our goal is to ship orders within 2 business days. please refer to our shipping and handling page for more information on specific shipping methods and timeframes. what should i do if i didn't receive my order? please sign in to your account to track your package and verify delivery. many times your package may have been left at the designated address without notification. please be sure to check around the outside grounds for the package. you may also want to ask neighbors if they received your delivery for you in your absence. if your order appears lost or missing this must be reported to us within 5 days of the date it shows delivered. we will work with our courier to find or replace your package as quickly as possible. please contact our customer service department for further assistance. what should i do if my order arrived damaged? if you received an order that is damaged, please contact us within 10 business days of receiving the order and we will assist you in replacing the damaged items. damaged items should be in their original packing and ready for pickup. please have your order number handy and contact our customer service department for assistance. what can i do if i received incorrect items or items are missing from my order? please contact our customer service department within 10 business days of receiving the order and we will assist you in replacing missing items. incorrect items should be in their original packing and ready for pickup. can i cancel my backordered item? if you decide you do not want the backordered item, please contact customer care to discuss the possibility of canceling this portion of your order. how long will it take to receive my backordered items? if there is a delay in shipping some of your items, we will notify you with the expected shipping timeframe. please feel free to contact us if you have any questions regarding your order status. i received a shipping confirmation and an email telling me that i have items on backorder. which email is correct? the shipping confirmation email is triggered automatically by our order management system when any part of an order ships. please refer to the backorder alert email specific details. when will i be charged for my backordered items? you will be charged for items at the time of shipment. will i be charged additional shipping fees for my backordered items? there will be no additional fees for backordered items. why are my items on backorder when they are in stock on the web? orders are typically processed from the closest distribution facility to the recipient. the facility that is processing your order may be temporarily out of stock of the item requested. my order didn't process. why do i see a charge on my credit card? the 'charge' you see on your account is actually an authorization only. keurig.com does not capture any funds until your order ships. when an order is attempted, the bank is notified electronically and funds are authorized and held even though the order may not process. this authorization of funds will drop from your account in approximately 72 hours depending on your credit card issuing bank. how do i place a tax exempt order? our home brewers are designed and specified for home use only. please be sure to purchase a ul-commercial approved brewer for your tax-exempt organization. please contact customer service for assistance in applying tax exempt status to your account. be sure to have your organization name and ein available. your organization name must be on the credit card used for making tax exempt purchases. which methods of payment are accepted on keurig.com? payment methods accepted at keurig.com include: american express discover mastercard visa debit and gift cards bearing credit card logos above paypal paypal credit keurig gift cards keurig egift cards if choosing the payment method of paypal or paypal credit, you will be redirected to the paypal site where you will either log in or create a new paypal account. on this site you will be prompted to enter your name, billing address, dob, and last 4 digits of your social security number. once you have completed this step, you will need to scroll through the terms of the paypal credit and accept the terms. once this has been completed, you will be redirected back to the final review page to complete your order. unfortunately, keurig.com cannot accept any non-keurig gift cards, even those bearing a bank/credit card logo. if you do not have a credit card and wish to purchase keurig products, we do have partnerships with over 10,000 retail locations across the united states and canada. please visit our store locator for more details. why do i still have to enter my credit card information if the order is $0? our order management system requires a credit card to process all orders; this is for verification purposes only. rest assured your credit card will not be charged in this instance. how do i redeem a gift card? to redeem your gift card: 1.) go to keurig.com and shop 2.) gently scratch off label on card back to reveal your redemption code 3.) apply your redemption code under gift card and certificates when you check out 4.) enjoy! how do i check my gift card balance? to check your gift card balance: call 800-242-5353 and enter the card # at the bottom of your gift card. note: to check balances of egift certificates sold on keurig.com, or physical gift cards sold at the keurig store in burlington, ma, please call 866-901-brew (2739). what may i redeem a gift card for? gift card may be redeemed for merchandise online at keurig.com, or by calling 1-866-901-brew (2739), or visiting the keurig store in burlington, ma. card has no value until activated. protect gift card like cash. gift card cannot be redeemed for cash or credit except where required by law. issued by keurig green mountain, inc. © 2014. issuer is not responsible for any loss or damage resulting from lost or stolen cards or use without your permission. any unused balance on a gift card will remain on the gift card until redeemed for merchandise, and will not be transferable. subject to applicable laws, issuer reserves the right to change these terms and conditions from time to time at its discretion. void where prohibited. gift cards not applicable towards purchase of a keurig e-gift certificate from keurig.com. not for resale. not reloadable. in the event your keurig gift card is non-functional, your sole remedy, and our sole liability, shall be the replacement of such keurig gift card. for customer service or to obtain a replacement gift card call 1-866-901-brew (2739). what can i do if i don't like the coffee i purchased? beverages are not eligible for return or exchange. many of our products are available in sample packs. we recommend these sample packs when trying new selections. i live in puerto rico and am being asked to pay an additional surcharge for my coffee delivery. can you explain this charge? puerto rico assesses a duty on imported coffee, including coffee imported from the u.s., of $2.50 per pound. we are unable to pay this duty for our consumers located in puerto rico. consumers must in most cases pay this duty prior to their coffee delivery being completed. if you need to reach customer care, here's how: call us toll-free, 7 days a week 7 am - 12 am est 866.901.brew (866-901-2739) email us fill out our form write us keurig green mountain, inc. 33 coffee lane waterbury, vt 05676 find a store support hot systems: 866-901-brew(2739) support kold systems: 855-krg-kold(574-5653) follow us twitter facebook google plus shop hot brewers beverages kold™ orders track your order returns auto delivery orders helpful info register your appliance how-to videos faqs product recall business solutions site map about us about us news careers sustainability club keurig keurig blog keurig recipes join our mailing list stay up-to-date with the latest news and new arrivals direct to your inbox. select country united states canada united kingdom ireland © keurig green mountain, inc. 2016. all rights reserved. terms of use privacy policy ca transparency act