来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20161229142719/http://www.keurig.com/support/k-cup-brewers
================================================================================

keurig® k-cup brewer support | troubleshoot keurig not working skip to content skip to navigation menu quick reorder register appliance email sign-up sign in sign up stay up to date with the latest news and new arrivals direct to your inbox please enter a valid email address. thank you! you've been added to our mailing list. beverages all beverages coffee regular flavored decaf café style light roast medium roast dark roast tea, cocoa and more black tea green tea herbal tea hot cocoa iced chai type k-cup® pods k-mug® pods k-carafe® pods vue® pods rivo® pods bagged coffee recyclable featured brands green mountain coffee® the original donut shop® laughing man® starbucks® dunkin’ donuts® all coffee all tea, cocoa and more all types all brands sign up for auto-delivery today and you'll save 15% on most beverages in your auto-delivery order.learn more hot brewers all hot brewers for home classic series plus series commercial solutions office foodservice hospitality convenience store healthcare college & university shop all brewers contact a distributor register your brewer accessories all accessories my k-cup® reusable filters carafes & drinkware pod storage cleaning & maintenance spare parts e-gift cards support all support system support how-to videos register your appliance keurig® hot brewers rivo® brewers office brewers brewer parts beverages support hot beverage support purchases support my orders auto-delivery shipping policy returns store locator account support manage my account club keurig rewards catalog contact us support hot systems: 866-901-brew (2739)   |   support kold systems: 855-krg-kold (574-5653) home keurig® k-cup brewer support | troubleshoot keurig not working brewer support k-cup and classic brewers k2.0 and plus brewers rivo brewers vue brewers commercial brewers videos faqs let's start with frequently asked questionswhat is the difference between the new keurig® classic and plus series brewing systems? keurig® classic series brewers are our original k-cup® brewers, and can brew a single cup at a time. they are only compatible with k-cup® pods, and feature three k-cup® pod brew sizes: 6, 8, and 10oz. keurig® classic series brewers make single cup brewing fast, convenient, and simple.alternately, keurig® plus series and keurig®2.0 brewers are compatible with k-cup®, k-mug®, and k-carafe® pods, so brew size options range from a 4oz cup to a 30oz carafe . they have customizable settings, touch screens and an option for strength control to brew a bolder cup. these brewers also feature interactive technology that recognizes the lid on each pod to deliver the perfect cup every time.what are keurig® classic series brewers? keurig® classic series brewers are our original k-cup® pod brewers. they make single cup brewing fast, convenient, and simple. brew your favorite beverages, in 6, 8, and 10 oz. sizes, using k-cup® pods. the keurig® classic series includes the keurig® k15, a personal, compact brewer and the keurig® k55, our classic single cup brewer. functionally, these are comparable to our original k10 mini plus brewer and k45 elite brewers. keurig® classic series brewers are also compatible with the my k-cup® reusable coffee filter, which provides added flexibility by giving you the opportunity to brew your own ground coffee. note that keurig® classic series brewers are not compatible with k-mug® or k-carafe® pods, nor with the keurig® carafe.can i use a keurig® carafe in any keurig® brewer? keurig® carafes are specially designed to brew k-carafe® pods in keurig® 2.0 and plus series brewers only. they are not compatible with any other brewer models.  how much power does the brewer use? keurig® home brewers use the most power during their initial startup. when heating for the first time after being off, peak usage is 1,500 watts. if the power is kept on, the brewer will keep the internal tank up to temperature using between 200 – 400 watts when heating. while idle and not maintaining heat, the brewer will use the average electricity of a 60 watt light bulb.how hot is the water in the brewer? keurig believes that the optimal temperature for brewing coffee, tea and hot cocoa is 192° f. this is the internal temperature of the water in your brewer. however, once your coffee, tea or hot cocoa is brewed, the dispensed temperature can vary greatly. in-cup temperature depends on the cup temperature and material. when brewing into an insulated container, such as a foam or paper cup, 180-185°f in-cup temperature is typically attained. in addition, dispensing into a cold ceramic mug will cool the coffee significantly. please note that stream temperature of the first brew after turn-on or after an extended idle period can be a couple degrees cooler. to maximize initial in-cup temperature at home, we recommend running a small cup cleansing-brew prior to brewing a k-cup® pod, which warms both the mug and the brewer.can i change the internal temperature? temperature cannot be adjusted on the k15 and k50/k55 models, part of the keurig® classic series system. for these brewers, the default k-cup® brew temperature is 192°f.can i use a home brewer in my office? keurig strongly recommends that our home brewers be used at home and our commercial brewers be placed in commercial/office settings. that is why our home brewers are ul listed for household use only and our commercial brewers are ul listed for commercial use only. if you would like to purchase a brewer for your home visit our home brewer’s page. if you would like to purchase a brewer for a small to medium office please consider our small-medium office brewers that can be purchased directly at keurig.com.how does the water filter work? how do i install it? the keurig® water filter starter kit accessory for the classic series is compatible with our original k-cup® pod brewers, including the keurig® k40/k45 elite brewers, k60/k65 special edition & signature brewers, and k70/k75 platinum brewers. it is also compatible with the keurig® classic series k50/k55 brewers. keurig® water filters are charcoal filters that help ensure your beverages taste their best by helping to removing impurities like chlorine from your water. for optimum brewer performance, we still recommend descaling your brewer every 3-6 months to use the water filter, soak and insert the filter cartridge in the bottom of the handle assembly. simply grasp the handle and insert it into your empty, removable water reservoir. be sure to push down firmly all the way down to correctly attach the water filter to the inside of your removable water reservoir.how do i drain and store my keurig® classic series brewer or original k-cup® pod brewer? with the exception of the keurig® k15 and keurig® mini plus brewers, once your keurig® home brewer has been primed, you cannot empty the water from the inside. the internal tank of the brewer cannot be drained. if you need to store your brewer, empty the removable water reservoir and store your brewer in a safe and frost-free environment. please be sure to store your brewer in its upright position to avoid water leakage from the inner tank. if you store the brewer in a cold environment, you run the risk of water freezing inside the brewer and causing damage. when you prepare to use it after storage, we recommend rinsing the removable water reservoir with fresh water and running three cleansing brews without a portion pod. if you plan to move your brewer to a different location, turn the brewer off, unplug it and empty the removable water reservoir. if your brewer has been in an environment below freezing, please be sure to let it warm to room temperature for two hours before brewing.how do i empty the internal hot water tank of the mini plus and k15 brewers? the keurig k15 and mini plus brewers are small, compact, and portable – great for traveling. if you plan to travel with your k15 or mini plus brewer, we recommend emptying the internal hot water tank. instructions • brewer must be powered off but plugged in.• lower the cold water reservoir lid.• place a mug on the drip tray.• press and hold down the brew button and continue to hold until all the water is dispensed into the mug.• there will be a 3 to 5 second delay before water begins to dispense.where do i find the serial number for the k10 mini plus and keurig® 15 brewers? this can be found on the bottom of the brewer. take care when turning over your brewer, especially if you have already added water to it.how hot is the water in the mini plus & keurig ®k15 brewer? the optimal temperature for brewing beverages in your keurig brewing system is 192° f. this is the internal temperature of the water in your brewer. however, once your beverage is brewed, the temperature of the water that is in your cup can vary greatly. in-cup temperature depends on the material the cup is made from, as well as the temperature of the cup. when brewing into an insulated container, such as a foam or paper cup, 180-185°f in-cup temperature is typically attained. in addition, dispensing into a cold ceramic mug will cool the beverage significantly.how much water can i add at a time to the mini plus and/or the keurig® k15 brewer? you cannot add more than 10oz, which is the maximum amount that you can brew at one time with these brewers.how do i clean the cold water reservoir of the mini plus and/or keurig® k15 brewer? to access the cold water reservoir, lift the lid. remove the water level guide and then clean inside the reservoir with a damp, non-abrasive lint-free cloth as necessary replace the water level guide and lower the lid when finished.how do i descale the k15® and/or mini plus brewers? before you begin, you will need a large ceramic mug, fresh water, descale solution and access to a sink. do not use a paper cup. step 1: first descaling solution rinse• turn on your brewer. • pour one third (4.6 oz.) of the keurig™ descaling solution into the cold water reservoir then add fresh water to the 10 oz. fill level.• place a large ceramic mug on the drip tray plate. do not use a paper cup. • lift the handle but do not add a k-cup® pod. after 5 seconds, lower handle and press the brew button. • once solution is dispensed, discard hot contents into sink. step 2: second descaling solution rinse• repeat above process up until you press the brew button. • when brew button turns solid red, power off as it starts to dispense. • let brewer stand for at least 30 minutes. • power on the brewer, lift and lower handle, then press brew button. • discard the hot contents into sink. step 3: fresh water rinse • repeat step 1 (3 times) – using 10 oz. of fresh water each time. • you may need to perform additional fresh water rinse cycles if you notice any residual taste.why are there two my k-cup® filter accessories? delivering a safe and optimal user experience is our primary objective with the my k-cup® filter accessory. our brewer systems are different, so at this time, the only way to ensure compatibility and deliver the best user experience was to create two different my k-cup® filter accessories. note that these two products are distinct and are only compatible with their respective brewing system. learn more about how to choose the right reusable coffee filter here.which brewer models are compatible with each of the my k-cup® filter accessories? the original my k-cup® filter accessory is compatible with our keurig® classic series brewers, including the keurig® k15, and the k50/k55. it is also compatible with our original keurig® k-cup® brewers, including the k10 mini plus brewer, k40/k45 elite brewers, k60/k65 special edition & signature brewers, and k70/k75 platinum brewers. the my k-cup® 2.0 plus series filter is compatible with our keurig® plus series and keurig® 2.0 brewers, including the k200/k250 brewers, k300/k350 brewers, k400/k450 brewers, k425/k475 brewers, k500/k550, and k525/k575 brewers.how do i clean the my k-cup® filter accessory? both my k-cup® accessories are top-rack dishwasher safe. they can also be cleaned by hand with warm soapy water, and rinsed.how much coffee can each of the my k-cup® filter accessories brew? both my k-cup® accessories are optimized to brew all of the k-cup® brew sizes available with your brewer – from 4oz. to 12oz., depending upon the specific brewer you have.what is the optimal grind for the my k-cup® filter accessory? if you grind your own beans, you should start with a coarser grind similar to a french press. avoid a fine espresso grind setting, as that may clog the screen or result in poor extraction. fine or espresso grinds, tea leaves, cocoa, and other powdered beverages are not recommended.can i brew more than once using the same coffee grounds? for optimal flavor and taste, brewing more than once with the same grounds is not recommended.which brewers is the ge® keurig® coffee maker water filter compatible with? the ge® keurig® water filter is compatible with the following keurig® plus series brewers: k425, k475, k525, and k575. it is also compatible with select keurig® 2.0 brewers, including the k300, k350, k400, k450, k500, and k550. it is not compatible with the k200 and k250 brewers, nor is it compatible with brewers in the keurig® classic series or our original k-cup® brewers.troubleshootingi am getting grounds in my cup. how can i fix it? keurig® coffee grounds may have gathered in the exit needle of your keurig® classic series or k-cup® brewer. to clean the needle, follow these steps:• remove and clean the exit needle in accordance with the k-cup™ holder cleaning instructions.• perform a small-cup cleansing brew and look for any grounds coming out. • repeat cleansing brews to clear out any residual grounds. if you are using the my k-cup® reusable coffee filter, please make sure that you are using a course-drip. you should only fill the mesh basket to the bottom of the brown band, which is approximately 2.5 tbsp. if you have not done so recently, it is also recommended that you de-scale your brewer. please refer to the de-scaling instructions.how do i fix a short cup? keurig® if your brewer is not brewing the full amount selected, it may be caused by the following: • the exit needle is clogged by coffee grounds or cocoa mix. please refer to the k-cup™ holder cleaning instructions.• the brewer may need to be descaled. please refer to the descaling instructions. • the removable water reservoir was removed during brewing. place the water reservoir back onto the brewer and perform a cleansing brew without a portion pod.who should i contact if i need support for my keurig licensed brewer? (breville/cuisinart/mr. coffee) please contact mr. coffee customer service at 1-800-672-6333, cuisinart customer service at 1-800-211-9604, or breville customer service at 1-866-breville.my brewer is not working, can i have it serviced? we are sorry that you are having issues with your keurig brewer. customer satisfaction is very important to us at keurig so please contact our keurig® customer care team directly at 1-866-901-2739. they are available 7 days a week, between 7:00 a.m. and 12:00 a.m. (et), and are ready to help you make the most of your brewing experience.the my k-cup® filter accessory that i purchased doesn’t seem to work inside my brewer. what should i do? there are two separate my k-cup reusable filter accessories available to fit our different brewers. if the accessory that you purchased does not fit in your brewer, you may have purchased the wrong one. our customer care team can help remedy the situation and ensure that you have the correct my k-cup® filter accessory. please contact our keurig® customer care team directly at 1-866-901-2739. they are available 7 days a week, between 7:00 a.m. and 12:00 a.m. (et), and are ready to help you make the most of your brewing experience.why is my k15 and/or mini plus brew button flashing red longer than usual? under normal operation, the brew button will flash red when the brewer is heating and will turn solid red when brewing. if the brew button flashes red longer than 3 minutes, contact customer service at 1-866-901-brew (2739).why is the “add water” indicator on my k15 and/or mini plus brewer not flashing blue? if the add water indicator does not flash blue, make sure the brewer has power. • water may be in the cold water reservoir and brewer. first, try raising the handle to drain all water from the cold water reservoir into the brewer. if the light still does not flash, power off and place a mug on the drip tray. hold down the brew button and continue to hold down until all the water is dispensed into the mug. • if the brewer still does not operate, contact customer service at 1-866-901-brew (2739).why isn’t my k15 and/or mini plus brewer brewing? make sure the brewer has power • if using reverse osmosis or distilled water, the brewer may not operate correctly. empty the internal hot water tank and then use filtered or bottled water. additionally, you may also experience this situation if using ice-cold water. • press the power button. if the add water indicator flashes blue, add water and attempt to brew. if the brewer loses power during the brew process, the brewer may need to be reset when power is restored. to reset, simply lift and lower the handle.• check that the minimum water level of 6 oz. has been poured into the cold water reservoir.why is my k15 and/or mini plus brewer shutting off? under normal operation, the brewer will automatically shut off when it is idle for longer than 90 seconds. just press the power button to restart.why is there water in my drip tray of my k15 and/or mini plus brewer? it is normal for any liquid overflow (from your cup or the cold water reservoir) to be collected in the drip tray. when the drip tray is almost full, the red drip tray overflow indicator will appear. carefully remove the drip tray and empty its contents into the sink and wash with warm, soapy water.why is the red indicator appearing in my k15 and/or mini plus drip tray? this means that the drip tray is almost full. carefully remove the drip tray and empty its contents into the sink.general brewer informationbrewer materials for most keurig® home brewers, you may purchase a replacement removable water reservoir or removable drip tray on keurig.com. to find a removable water reservoir or removable drip tray for your brewer: view parts please note: not all keurig® home brewer replacement parts are available online so if you cannot find the part you’re looking for, please contact customer service. please have your serial number available when calling.differences between home brewers and commercial brewers all keurig brewers and keurig licensed brewers share the same innovative technology that ensures a fresh-brewed, perfect beverage every time. however, keurig does market separate home and work brewers with features and ul certification appropriate for their intended use. brewers that are engineered for home use, are ul listed for household use only, and thus should not be used in a commercial/office setting. in general, these brewers are designed for typical home use – including features and aesthetics most appropriate for a kitchen environment. all home brewers can be purchased on keurig.com and specific models can be purchased through our retail partners. to find out which home brewer is right for you: view all home brewers keurig commercial brewers are ul listed for commercial use only. if you would like to purchase a brewer for a small to medium office please consider our small-medium office brewers that can be purchased directly at keurig.com or, if you require something for your larger office, we would be happy to have a keurig authorized distributor contact you.using a keurig brewer at high altitudes while keurig brewers are made to be used at elevations up to 6,000 ft., portion pods may need to be pre-punctured prior to brewing to release the pressure inside. to do this simply drop the k-cup® pod into the k-cup® chamber and push down slowly so that the bottom of the k-cup® pod is punctured by the exit needle in the bottom of the chamber. also, the keurig special edition, ultimate, platinum, select and officepro® premier brewers are equipped with a temperature control so you may want to experiment lowering the brew temperature in elevated areas. additionally, the k2.0 has a specific ‘high altitude’ setting to enable for use in high altitudes.user guides keurig® k-cup k10 mini plus brewer user guide keurig® k15 classic series brewer user guide keurig® k55 classic brewer user guide  warranty informationlimited one year warranty keurig warrants that your keurig® home brewer will be free of defects in materials or workmanship under normal home use for one year from the date of purchase. keurig will, at its option, repair or replace the brewer without charge upon its receipt of proof of the date of purchase. if a replacement brewer is necessary to service this warranty, the replacement brewer may be new or reconditioned. if a replacement brewer is sent, it will carry a one year warranty from the date of shipment. keurig will cover all shipping costs for authorized returns. this warranty only applies to brewers operated in the united states and canada. this warranty gives you specific legal rights, and you may also have other rights that vary from state to state and, in the case of canada, from province to province. this warranty by keurig only applies to the breville, cuisinart, and mr. coffee home brewing systems for 30 days following the purchase date from www.keurig.com. for more warranty information about the breville brewing system, please contact breville customer service at 1-866-breville or go to the breville website at www.breville.com. for more warranty information about the cuisinart brewing system, please contact cuisinart customer service at 1-800-211-9604 or go to the cuisinart website at www.cuisinart.com. for more warranty information about the mr. coffee brewing system, please contact mr. coffee customer service at 1-800-672-6333 or go to the mr. coffee website at www.mrcoffee.com.what is not covered by the limited warranty? this warranty does not cover consequential or incidental damages such as property damage and does not cover incidental costs and expenses resulting from any breach of this warranty, even if foreseeable. some states or provinces do not allow the exclusion or limitations of incidental or consequential damages, so the above limitation or exclusion may not apply to you depending on the state or province of purchase. nor does this warranty cover damages caused by services performed by anyone other than keurig or its authorized service providers, use of parts other then genuine keurig parts, or external causes such as abuse, misuse, including use in an office or other commercial setting, inappropriate power supply or acts of god.other limitations this warranty is exclusive and is in lieu of any other express warranty, whether written or oral. the duration of any implied warranties, including but not limited to any implied warranties of merchantability or fitness for a particular purpose, is expressly limited to the period of duration of this limited warranty. some states or provinces do not allow limitations on how long an implied warranty lasts, so the above limitation may not apply to you depending on the state or the province of purchase.how do you obtain warranty service? keurig® brewers are high quality appliances and, with proper care, are intended to provide years of satisfying performance. however, should the need arise for warranty servicing, simply call keurig customer service at our toll free phone number 1-866-901-brew (2739). please do not return your brewer for servicing without first speaking to keurig customer service to obtain an authorization to return number (atr). keurig® brewers returned without an atr number will be returned to the sender without servicing. if you need to reach customer care, here's how: call us toll-free, 7 days a week 7 am - 12 am est hot brewers: 866.901.brew (866-901-2739) kold™ drinkmakers: 855.krg.kold (855-574-5653) email us fill out our form write us keurig green mountain, inc.53 south avenueburlington, ma 01803 find a store support hot systems: 866-901-brew(2739) support kold systems: 855-krg-kold(574-5653) follow us twitter facebook google plus shop hot brewers beverages orders track your order returns auto delivery orders helpful info register your appliance how-to videos faqs product recall business solutions site map about us about us news careers sustainability club keurig keurig blog keurig recipes join our mailing list stay up-to-date with the latest news and new arrivals direct to your inbox. select country united states canada united kingdom ireland © keurig green mountain, inc. 2017. all rights reserved. terms of use privacy policy ca transparency act