来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20201229235226/https://www.keurig.com/content/terms-and-conditions
================================================================================

terms and conditions - keurig jump to main content jump to main navigation keurig quick reorder register coffee maker support search cart my account coffee, tea & more all beverages coffee regular flavored decaf new light roast medium roast medium dark roast dark roast all coffee tea, cocoa and more black tea green tea herbal tea hot cocoa iced chai café style type k-cup® pods canned coffee shots cold brew rivo® pods bagged coffee recyclable gift guide all types featured brands green mountain coffee roasters® the original donut shop® laughing man® starbucks® dunkin’ donuts® all brands coffee makers all hot brewers for home single serve coffee makers single serve & drip coffee makers coffee maker bundles gift guide shop coffee makers commercial solutions office foodservice hospitality convenience store healthcare college & university contact a distributor drinkworks refurbished coffee makers register your coffee maker warranty replacements warranty replacement brewers register your coffee maker and get 50% off your next beverage order!learn more accessories all accessories my k-cup® reusable filters carafes & drinkware pod storage gift guide cleaning & maintenance spare parts milk frothers auto-delivery get started register coffee maker support email sign-up stay up to date with the latest news and new arrivals direct to your inbox. your email what are you looking for? home terms and conditions terms and conditions introduction these terms of use (“terms”) are a legal agreement between keurig green mountain, inc. on behalf of itself and its parent, keurig dr. pepper, inc., or its affiliates and subsidiaries (collectively “company”) and you, and describe the rules and conditions by which you may use any website, facebook site, mobile app, or other social media channel owned and/or operated by company now or in the future (collectively and individually, the "site”).the site is owned and controlled by company. your use of the site constitutes your agreement to these terms. by using the site, you agree to be bound by these terms and any additional terms that may be posted for any specific company site. if you do not agree to these terms, do not use the site. company reserves the right to modify or change these terms from time to time, at company’s sole discretion, without prior notice to you. please periodically visit this section of the site to review the current version of these terms. by using the site you agree to the most current version of the terms and any and all future changes that may be placed in effect. you also agree to comply with any additional terms which are referred to on this site or any area within the site. by using the site, you acknowledge that you have read and understand this agreement and agree to be bound by its terms. you further agree that this agreement is the complete and exclusive statement of the agreement between you and company regarding the site. website content and limits on use we provide this site as a service to our customers. unless otherwise noted, all site content and functionality, including images, illustrations, designs, icons, photographs, video clips, software, and written and other content that are part of this site, including all copyright, trademark, patent, and any other intellectual property rights therein (collectively, the "content") is owned or licensed by company. the site and all its content are intended solely for your personal use. except as described herein, you may not copy, reproduce, distribute, perform, create derivative or joint works from, publish, translate, adapt, modify, transmit, reverse-engineer, decompile, disassemble or otherwise exploit or use, in whole or in part, any of the content and/or the site, including but not limited to any software or any other item. you agree that if you download or print any images from the site you do so solely for your own personal use and will not remove any copyright, trademark, and other notices that appear within the site. no right, title or interest in any downloaded or printed content is transferred to you as a result of any such downloading or printing or any other use. company grants you a personal, limited, non-exclusive, non-transferable, revocable license to install and use any proprietary software necessary to use the site, including any updates and enhancements, in object code form, including on your mobile device, if necessary (the “license”). except as otherwise expressly provided, company grants no other express or implied rights to you in regard to the site. the license granted to you may not be sublicensed, commercially distributed, or shared with any third party without the prior written consent of company. except for information, products or services clearly and specifically identified as being supplied or endorsed by company, company does not endorse any products or services on this site or other sites linked to or from it. company may add, change, or remove any content posted on this site, including features and specifications of products described or depicted on the site, at any time, without notice and without liability. user name/password in order to create an account on this site, you must be at least eighteen (18) years old and create a username and password. you are responsible for keeping your username and password confidential and secure, and you are responsible for all actions taken using your username and password. by registering, you may agree to receive communications and promotional materials from company and its affiliated entities. user-generated content if you send, post, or otherwise provide to company any comments, content, reviews, or other materials (“materials”), such materials will be treated as non-confidential and non-proprietary. company has a company policy against accepting unsolicited product ideas in order to avoid any conflicts or confusion concerning ownership of such ideas. by posting any such materials, you represent to company and the other users of the site that you have the right to reproduce the materials on the site. you retain whatever ownership you may have in the materials you post, but by posting them to the site, you grant to company a perpetual, worldwide, royalty-free, irrevocable, non-exclusive license (with rights to sublicense) to use, reproduce, derive, distribute, compile, sell, offer for sale, and commercialize any ideas, concepts, know-how, techniques or copyrighted content contained in such materials in any way and for any purpose whatsoever. company shall have no obligation of any kind with respect to such materials and will be free to use, reproduce, derive, distribute, delete, compile, sell, offer for sale, and commercialize the materials to others, without limitation. trademark notice company names and logos and all related product and service names, design marks and slogans are the proprietary property of company. all rights are reserved. site visitors are not authorized to use any company name or mark in any advertisement, publicity or in any other commercial manner without prior written consent of company. all other trademarks appearing on the site are the property of their respective owners. rules for using the site you agree to follow the conduct rules listed below: you will not knowingly provide or post any false, misleading, or fraudulent information. you will not use this site for any illegal purpose, nor will you provide or post any material or information in violation of any applicable law or regulation. all information provided or posted by you will not violate the copyright rights, right of publicity or privacy or any other proprietary rights of any third party. information provided or posted by you will not violate the trade secret rights of any third party. information provided or posted by you must not be defamatory, harassing, offensive, threatening, obscene, or otherwise inappropriate or disruptive. you will not hold yourself out as someone you are not or otherwise impersonate any other person while using the site. you will not interfere or tamper with the functioning of the site, nor will you attempt to gain access to information or control of the site not specifically granted to you. you will not use the site to transmit any spyware, virus or similar destructive program or code. you will not compile any database or list of other site visitors, nor will you use the site to facilitate the sending of any spam, bulk email, or email offering to sell goods or provide services. you will not access or attempt to access any restricted portion of the site unless you have specifically been granted access. product obtained through coupon redemption is for personal use only. coupons may not be used to obtain product from keurig.com for resale. coupons are not transferable. keurig reserves the right to validate the information you have submitted before issuing, or before honoring an issued, a coupon. keurig in its sole discretion may refuse to issue a coupon, may cancel an issued coupon, and/or may cancel a customer account - including rewards points in associated accounts - for any violation or suspected violation of site terms of use, including if keurig believes that fraudulent purchase information or personal information has been submitted, that a coupon has been obtained fraudulently, or that an account has redeemed fraudulently obtained coupons. you may not access or attempt to access the site through any automated or non-human means, such as through bots, spiders, scripts, or software, or other means or processes to access, "scrape," "crawl" or "spider" the site, its offers, or any related data or information. site access we may discontinue all or part of this site at any time. we may block or limit your access to this site if: (a) you violate these terms; (b) you violate any applicable law or regulation relating to your use of this site; (c) you engage in any conduct which we, in our sole discretion, believe is offensive, harmful, defamatory, or otherwise harmful to us or others. please note that if you are accessing a site via a mobile device, standard fees may be incurred. check with your mobile service provider for details. product information, pricing and availability the products displayed on the site may be available on our site for purchase, and may also be available in select third party retail locations. the products and prices displayed on the site are subject to change at any time with or without notice. the prices or items in any particular third party store may be different from those appearing on the site, and the in-store information and availability controls over any conflicting information at this site. your placement of an order through the site constitutes your offer to purchase the items selected by you. we may accept or reject your offer, and your offer is not accepted by us until we ship your order. occasionally there may be information on the site that contains typographical errors, inaccuracies, or omissions that may relate to product descriptions, pricing and availability. we reserve the right to correct any errors, inaccuracies or omissions and to change or update information at any time without prior notice, even after an order may be placed or confirmed. in the event a product ordered is no longer available, not available at the advertised price, or if the price has increased, we may decline your offer or we may contact you to confirm whether you would like to continue with your purchase given the new availability and pricing information. in connection with placing an order, you may be asked by company or the applicable third party to supply certain information, including, but not limited to, credit card or other payment information. you agree to provide company or such third party with information that is accurate, complete and current, and to comply with the terms and conditions of any agreement that you enter in connection with your purchase of any product or service. you are responsible for all charges incurred by users of your account, credit card or other payment mechanism, as well as for paying any applicable taxes. links the site may contain links to websites operated by other entities, or display information or content regarding products or services offered by others. these other sites and other entities are not under our control, and we are not responsible for the content available on any other internet sites linked to this site or any action or inaction of any third party. we do not endorse or warrant the goods or services of any third party, and you visit other sites or engage in business with any third party at your own risk. privacy please review our privacy policy posted at each site to understand our privacy practices for that site. by using the site, you also agree to the most-recent version of the privacy policy in effect at that site. we may change the privacy policy at any time, and such changes will be reflected in the privacy policy posted on the site or otherwise communicated to users of the site. copyright infringement notice (a) we respect the intellectual property rights of others and expect users of the web sites to do the same. pursuant to title 17 u.s.c. § 512(c), all notifications of claimed copyright infringement should be sent to company’s designated copyright agent at the following: keurig green mountain, inc.33 coffee lanewaterbury, vt 05676attention: amy brosius, vice president and associate general counsel, ipor, via e-mail to: copyright@gmcr.com(b) all claims of infringement must be in writing and must contain the following information: a physical or electronic signature of a person authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed; identification of the copyrighted work claimed to have been infringed, or, if multiple copyrighted works at a single online site are covered by a single notification, a representative list of such works at that site; identification of the material that is claimed to be infringing or to be the subject of infringing activity and that is to be removed or access to which is to be disabled, and information reasonably sufficient to permit us to locate the material; information reasonably sufficient to permit company to contact the complaining party, such as an address, telephone number, and, if available, an electronic mail address at which the complaining party may be contacted; a statement that the complaining party has a good faith belief that use of the material in the manner complained of is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law; and a statement that the information in the notification is accurate, and under penalty of perjury, that the complaining party is authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed. fraud prevention company reserves the right to request further information from you to deter or investigate potential fraudulent transactions. this information may include, but is not limited to, a copy of the credit card statement that was used to complete the offers, in order to ensure a stolen credit card was not used. company reserves the right to place any order on hold, for any reason, in order to investigate potentially fraudulent activity involving the site. all decisions by company regarding fraud or suspected fraud are binding and final. website warranty disclaimer you expressly acknowledge and agree that use of the site is at your sole risk and that the entire risk as to satisfactory quality, performance, accuracy and effort is with you. all content on the site is provided "as is" without warranties of any kind, either express or implied, including without limitation, warranties of title, implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose or non-infringement of intellectual property. company expressly disclaims any duty to update or revise the content on the site, although company may modify the content at any time without notice. you assume full responsibility for all costs associated with all necessary servicing or repairs of any equipment you use in connection with your use of the site. the company makes no representations or warranties that use of the website will be uninterrupted or error-free or that defects will be corrected, or that the functions contained in the site will function with other software or hardware, or within a particular system. you are responsible for taking all necessary precautions to ensure that any content you may obtain from the site is free of viruses or other harmful components. you further acknowledge that company shall not be liable for any damages of any kind related to your use of the site. some jurisdictions do not allow the exclusion of implied warranties or limitations on applicable statutory rights of a consumer, so the above exclusion may not apply to you. limitation of liability in no event shall company be liable for any direct, indirect, special, punitive, incidental, exemplary or consequential, damages, or any damages whatsoever, even if company has been previously advised of the possibility of such damages, whether in an action under contract, negligence, or any other theory, arising out of or in connection with the use, inability to use, or performance of the information, services, products, and materials available from this site. these limitations shall apply notwithstanding any failure of essential purpose of any limited remedy. because some jurisdictions do not allow limitations on how long an implied warranty lasts, or the exclusion or limitation of liability for consequential or incidental damages, the above limitations may not apply to you. indemnification to the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, by visiting this site, you agree to hold harmless company, and any affiliated company entity, their officers, directors, employees, sponsors, and agents (“covered parties”) from and against all claims, actions, demands, liabilities, judgments and settlements, including, without limitation, from any direct, indirect, incidental, consequential, special, exemplary, punitive or any other claim you may incur in connection with your use of this site, including, without limitation, any economic harm, personal injury, lost profits, damages to business, data or computer systems, or any damages resulting from reliance on any content or resulting from any interruptions, work stoppages, computer failures, deletion of files, errors, omissions, inaccuracies, defects, viruses, delays or mistakes of any kind, even if you have previously advised company of the possibility of such claim. your sole remedy for dissatisfaction with the service is to stop using the service. children this site is not intended for minors. minors and children (persons under the age of 18) are not eligible to use the site unsupervised and we ask that minors and children do not register for an account or submit any personal information to us. by using this site unsupervised, and/or registering for an account, you warrant that you are 18 years of age or older. miscellaneous unless otherwise specified, the site and the content thereof are displayed solely for the purpose of promoting our products and services, and our company. these terms shall be construed in accordance with the laws of the state of delaware, u.s.a., without regard to any conflict of law provisions. any dispute arising under this agreement shall be resolved exclusively by the state and/or federal courts of the state of delaware, u.s.a. by using this site, you agree and submit to the personal jurisdiction and venue of such courts. you agree that in the event you have or may have any alleged claim against company or any of our vendors, contractors, licensees, or licensors, you shall pursue such claim only in your individual capacity, and you shall not agree to join or be a part of any class action, consolidated action, or similar action. you also agree that your damages are limited as set forth elsewhere in these terms and that you are not eligible to receive, and shall not seek, attorney’s fees in relation to any claim you have or may have against company or its vendors or licensors. enforceability unless otherwise specified, the site and the content thereof are displayed solely for the purpose of promoting our products and services, and our company. these terms shall be construed in accordance with the laws of the state of delaware, u.s.a., without regard to any conflict of law provisions. any dispute arising under this agreement shall be resolved exclusively by the state and/or federal courts of the state of delaware, u.s.a. by using this site, you agree and submit to the personal jurisdiction and venue of such courts. you agree that in the event you have or may have any alleged claim against company or any of our vendors, contractors, licensees, or licensors, you shall pursue such claim only in your individual capacity, and you shall not agree to join or be a part of any class action, consolidated action, or similar action. you also agree that your damages are limited as set forth elsewhere in these terms and that you are not eligible to receive, and shall not seek, attorney’s fees in relation to any claim you have or may have against company or its vendors or licensors. termination the terms shall remain effective until terminated as outlined herein. you agree that company in its sole discretion may terminate your password, account (or any part thereof), or use of the site, and remove and discard any content within the site, at any time and for any reason. in such event and with respect to any use of a site on a mobile device, you must immediately remove the site from your mobile device, including all component parts. you agree that any actions taken under this section may be effective without prior notice to you. export restrictions you acknowledge that any related software is of u.s.-origin, and agree to comply with all applicable international and national laws that apply to any site, as well as end-user, end-use and country destination restrictions issued by the u.s. and other governments. keurig.com gift cards terms & conditions to redeem your gift card:please contact us at 866-901-brew (2739) 7 days a week 7am-10pm est. card has no value until activated. protect gift card like cash. gift card cannot be redeemed for cash or credit except where required by law. issued by keurig green mountain, inc. © 2019. issuer is not responsible for any loss or damage resulting from lost or stolen cards or use without your permission. any unused balance on a gift card will remain on the gift card until redeemed for merchandise, and will not be transferable. subject to applicable laws, issuer reserves the right to change these terms and conditions from time to time at its discretion. void where prohibited. not for resale. not reloadable. to check your gift card balance: call 800-242-5353 and enter the card # at the bottom of your gift card. note: to check balances of egift certificates sold on keurig.com, or physical gift cards sold at the keurig store in burlington, ma, please call 866-901-brew (2739). auto-delivery the company offers an optional automatic replenishment service called “auto-delivery.” if you order eligible products and choose the auto-delivery option, the items in your order will be automatically shipped to you on a regular basis at the frequency you select, based upon inventory availability and based upon the then-current prices for such items. you may change the items in your order, frequency, and next scheduled ship date at any time, or cancel your auto-delivery order, in myaccount or by calling consumer care at 866-901-2739.by purchasing an auto-delivery order, you agree and acknowledge that your order will be automatically shipped until cancelled, and you accept responsibility for all recurring charges prior to cancellation. to ensure uninterrupted delivery, you agree that the company may store and use the payment data you provide for use in maintaining and billing fees to your account, and you authorize us to obtain updated or replacement expiration dates and card numbers for your credit or debit card as provided by your credit or debit card issuer.for additional details, see http://support.keurig.com/purchase_support club keurig® terms and conditions products purchased through the rewards catalog are for personal use only and not for resale. brewers purchased through the reward catalog can only be shipped to the address equal to your billing address. club keurig® rewards points are not transferable and may not be combined among club keurig® members, their successors or assigns, or across any other loyalty program or promotion offered by keurig green mountain, inc. (keurig) or its affiliates. accrued rewards points do not constitute property of the member and are not transferable by the member (i) upon death, (ii) as part of a domestic relations order, or (iii) otherwise by operation of law. rewards points and the awards and benefits of club keurig® are void where prohibited by law. maximum number of rewards points an account may accrue and carry at any time is 10,000. the 10,000 rewards points limitation is irrespective of the amount of otherwise qualifying product that a member purchases. keurig is the final authority on qualification for rewards point credit and reserves the right to deny or revoke rewards point credit at any time if it determines that rewards point credit was improperly given. guest transactions are not eligible for rewards points. keurig may, in its sole discretion, change club keurig® terms, conditions, awards and special offers at any time with or without notice. this means that the accumulation of rewards points does not entitle members to any vested rights with respect to such rewards points, awards or club benefits. in accumulating rewards points, members may not rely upon the continued availability of any award, award level or benefit of membership. any award, award level or benefit may be withdrawn or made subject to increased rewards point requirements or new restrictions at any time. keurig, may, among other things, (i) withdraw, limit, modify or cancel any award or benefit, (ii) change club keurig® benefits, rewards point levels, conditions of participation, rules for earning, redeeming, retaining or forfeiting rewards point credit, or (iii) otherwise restrict the continued availability of rewards points. keurig may make any one or more of these changes at any time even though such changes may affect a member's ability to use rewards points that such member has already accumulated. members are responsible for knowing the current terms and conditions of club keurig® in order to understand their rights, responsibilities and status under club keurig®. members are responsible for ensuring that earned rewards points are properly credited. if a member believes that rewards points have been earned but not properly credited, such member may be required to submit documentation or other proof satisfactory to keurig. any claim for rewards points not credited must be received by keurig within 12 months after the rewards points were earned. club keurig® members may access and view their account status at any time on www.keurig.com. if keurig improperly denies a member rewards points, awards or some other benefit of club keurig®, the member's exclusive remedy shall be the issuance of the improperly denied rewards points, award or benefit, if available, or such other alternative comparable benefit as determined by keurig, which shall have no additional liability whatsoever. in no event shall keurig be liable to any member, or anyone claiming through a member, for any direct, indirect or consequential damages, or lost revenue or profits, arising out of keurig acts or omissions in connection with club keurig®. to maintain your available points you must make at least one purchase each year at keurig.com. otherwise, your points will expire. your expired points balance represents any points which have expired due to inactivity of your account for 12 month. find a store customer support: 866-901-brew(2739) follow us twitter instagram facebook shop coffee makers beverages orders track your order returns auto delivery orders helpful info register your appliance how-to videos faqs product recall business solutions site map contact us about us about us news careers sustainability club keurigaccepted payment methods join our mailing list stay up-to-date with the latest news and new arrivals direct to your inbox. select country select countryunited statescanadamexico © 2020 keurig green mountain, inc. - all rights reserved terms of use privacy policy modern slavery act