来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20211228202631/https://www.keurig.com/appliances/register-brewer
================================================================================

register your keurig coffee maker | keurig brewer registration | keurig us jump to main content jump to main navigation keurig search hundreds of ways to brew… search hundreds of ways to brew… free shipping $29+ free shipping for orders $29+: free standard shipping to contiguous u.s. addresses only on orders $29 or more (excluding ak, hi, pr addresses), after any promo codes, discounts, or coupons are applied thru 11:59pm est on 06/30/2021. ak, hi, pr addresses receive free shipping on orders $39 or more, after any promo codes, discounts, or coupons are applied. inventory availability and nationwide shipping delays during this peak time period may affect delivery time. in the event the shipping date falls on a holiday, your order will be shipped the next business day. keurig's website terms of use also apply. cart coffee, tea & more coffee, tea & more go back to main category all beverages coffee coffee go back to level-1 items new seasonal best sellers variety packs flavored light roast medium roast dark roast decaf go back to level-1 items gift guide tea tea go back to level-1 items black tea green tea herbal tea iced cocoa & more cocoa & more go back to level-1 items hot cocoa chai cafe style type type go back to level-1 items k-cup® pods bagged coffee canned coffee easy-peel k-cup® pods beverage bundles coffee shots cold brew rivo® pods recyclable brands brands go back to level-1 items green mountain coffee roasters® the original donut shop® mccafé® starbucks® dunkin'® go back to level-1 items custom variety pack coffee makers coffee makers go back to main category all coffee makers for home for home go back to level-1 items single serve coffee makers single serve & drip coffee makers coffee maker bundles new - k-supreme plus® smart commercial use commercial use go back to level-1 items office restaurant hospitality healthcare contact a distributor go back to level-1 items refurbished go back to level-1 items register coffee maker go back to level-1 items drinkworks® warranty replacements warranty replacements go back to level-1 items warranty replacement brewers oow brewer replacements accessories accessories go back to main category all accessories go back to level-1 items my k-cup® reusable filters cleaning & maintenance carafes & drinkware go back to level-1 items pod storage spare parts go back to level-1 items gift guide auto delivery auto delivery coffee subscription all the beverages you love on your schedule. you set your delivery schedule for ultimate control. save 25% on every order, commitment free.* learn more restrictions apply. smart coffee subscription just enough pods, just in time. with brewid™, we only send more pods when you need them for ultimate convenience.save 25% on every order, commitment free.* learn more smart brewer required. restrictions apply. get started get started 50% off k-supreme plus® smart $99.99 brewer + 25% off pods with smart auto-delivery 16-box commitment (first 4-box shipment is free*) our first connected brewer featuring brewid™ technology 50% off k-supreme plus® smart $99.99 brewer + 25% off pods with smart auto-delivery 16-box commitment (first 4-box shipment is free*) our first connected brewer featuring brewid™ technology get started cancellation fees & restrictions apply. see details get started cancellation fees & restrictions apply. 50% off coffee makers up to $115 off brewer + 25% off pods with scheduled auto-delivery 16-box annual commitment 9 top selling brewers to choose from 50% off coffee makers up to $115 off brewer + 25% off pods with scheduled auto-delivery 16-box annual commitment 9 top selling brewers to choose from get started cancellation fees & restrictions apply. see details get started cancellation fees & restrictions apply. free coffee makers free k-select® or k-mini plus® with scheduled auto-delivery 25% off pods with 24-box commitment our most popular single-serve coffee makers free coffee makers free k-select® or k-mini plus® with scheduled auto-delivery 25% off pods with 24-box commitment our most popular single-serve coffee makers get started cancellation fees & restrictions apply. see details get started cancellation fees & restrictions apply. over 55% off k-slim® coffee maker $49.99 brewer + 25% off pods with scheduled auto-delivery our lowest annual commitment – just 9 boxes space-saving brewer features multistream technology™ over 55% off k-slim® coffee maker $49.99 brewer + 25% off pods with scheduled auto-delivery our lowest annual commitment – just 9 boxes space-saving brewer features multistream technology™ get started cancellation fees & restrictions apply. see details get started cancellation fees & restrictions apply. gift guide gift guide deals deals today's deals winter pod sale save $3 per box use code snowman21 shop now ends 12/5. see details *offer valid for $3 off boxes of k-cup® and rivo® pods, and coffee shots purchased on www.keurig.com through 11:59 p.m. pst on 12/5/2021, while supplies last. does not include green mountain coffee roasters® reserve coffees, green mountain coffee roasters® alpine roast cold brew coffee, the original donut shop® cold brew coffee, illy® k-cup® pods, 6-ct k-cup® sample boxes, 8-ct k-cup® pod boxes, 10-ct k-cup® pod boxes, 12-ct k-cup® pod boxes, 16-ct k-cup® pod boxes, or 18-ct k-cup® pod boxes, bagged coffee, canned coffee, or any keurig® bundles. enter code snowman21 in the "coupon(s)" box during checkout. free standard shipping to u.s. addresses on all brewers and orders of $29 or more, after any promo codes, discounts, or coupons are applied. cannot be combined with other offers, previous purchases, auto-delivery orders, rewards catalog purchases, and is not redeemable for cash. offer only valid at www.keurig.com. keurig’s website terms of use also apply. keurig reserves the right to cancel, remove, or make changes to the products and/or product pricing available under this offer at any time without notice. free coffee of your choice buy a select coffee maker,get 2 free boxes of pods use code freepods4me at checkout shop now ends 12/31. see details free shipping applies on all orders above $80. a maximum of 9 boxes per product can be added per order. this promotion does not apply towards previously purchased merchandise. offer subject to change or cancellation without prior notice. shipping surcharges may be applied for locations outside of metropolitan areas. offer not valid at retail outlets or other websites that sell keurig® products. new limited-edition alessi ❤️ keurig®collection fine italian accessories shop now available while supplies last. new custom coffee makers my taste. my style.my keurig®. from just $109.99 customize your brewer holiday gift ideas the holidaygifting guide is here start gifting while supplies last. prices may vary. save with bundles save 20%every day shop now easy gift idea give custom variety packs. shop now keurig® starter kit k-slim® $49.99as a starter kit shop now restrictions apply. see details scheduled auto-delivery offers a 15% discount on select k-cup® pods and bagged coffee available on keurig.ca. no coupon code needed. simply select the 'scheduled auto-delivery' option in your cart. offer subject to change or cancellation without prior notice. this includes the right for keurig.ca to cancel, remove, or make changes to the products and/or product pricing available under this offer, replace out of stock products with alternatives, or make changes to the offer at any time without notice. this promotion does not apply towards previously purchased merchandise. shipping surcharges may apply for locations outside of metropolitan areas. cannot be combined with any other offer, coupon, or promotion. offer not valid at retail outlets or other websites that sell keurig® products. brewing up savings keurig® k-supreme plus®smart with brewid™ free coffee with smart auto-delivery* shop now ends 12/31. see details keurig® starter kit 50% off k-supreme plus® smart coffee maker: offer valid for 50% off your purchase of keurig® k-supreme plus® smart, while supplies last. offer is only valid with 12-month purchase commitment of 16 boxes of 20/22/24ct, delivered over 4 orders minimum via smart auto-delivery subscription. if 12-month commitment is not satisfied, keurig® will charge you the balance of the list price of the coffee maker. offer is valid for 25% off list price on select pods (20-24ct) and accessories for all new and existing smart auto-delivery orders on www.keurig.com & the keurig® app for as long as you remain active in smart auto-delivery, while supplies last. smart auto-delivery is only available with the purchase of a keurig® supreme plus® smart coffee maker. smart auto-delivery offer excludes limited edition, illy® k-cup® pods, green mountain coffee roasters® reserve coffees, bagged coffee, canned coffee & all variety packs. no coupon code needed during checkout. redeem order savings by selecting ' smart auto-delivery' for beverages in your cart. cannot be combined with other offers, not valid toward gift certificates, previous purchases, non-smart auto-delivery orders, and rewards catalog purchases. rewards points are earned on all beverages in every smart auto-delivery purchase and are not redeemable for cash.  smart auto-delivery orders process and ship monday – friday. keurig® reserves the right to cancel, remove, or make changes to the products and/or product pricing available under this offer, replace out of stock products with alternatives, or make changes to the offer at any time without notice. offer only valid at www.keurig.com and the keurig® app. keurig’s website terms of use also apply.by signing up for smart auto-delivery, you agree to let keurig.com automatically charge your provided method of payment when an item in your order is running low on inventory, as determined by keurig based on your observed consumption patterns since your initial order. each item in your order will have a different consumption pattern and will therefore be on a different delivery schedule. the quantity of beverages shipped is based on your daily consumption and may be greater or fewer than your initial order. you may adjust your order before it is processed. you may receive numerous shipments per week (you will see each order charged separately on your method of payment) depending on the number of items in your order and how varied your consumption patterns are. if your consumption pattern changes after you have received an order reminder email, your shipment may arrive sooner or later based on your newly observed consumption patterns. you may cancel your smart auto-delivery subscription at any time, free of charge through your online keurig account or by calling consumer care at 866-901-2739. you can cancel or adjust your order until midnight on the day you receive your order reminder email.4 free box offer: offer valid for up to four (4) free boxes of k-cup® pods (up to 24-count only), in your first order only, after purchasing a k-supreme plus® smart coffee maker and subscribing to smart auto-delivery on www.keurig.com through 11:59 p.m. pst on 12/31/21, while supplies last. free pods do not include vue® or rivo® pods, box counts greater than 24-count, coffee shots, cold brew, bagged and canned coffee, or any keurig® bundles. offer not valid on illy® k-cup® pods. after successfully connecting your coffee maker, subscribing to smart auto-delivery and adding to four (4) eligible boxes to your cart, boxes will show up in cart as free. if you choose to add less than four (4) eligible boxes, you will only receive the quantity in your cart for free. if you choose to add more than four (4) eligible boxes, only 4 boxes will show up as free. for keurig starter kit purchasers, up to four (4) eligible boxes in your first order will show up as free when you purchase your k-supreme plus® smart coffee maker and sign up for smart auto-delivery via the keurig starter kit program. smart auto-delivery add up to 4 free boxesto your first order with subscription learn more ends 12/31. see details smart auto-delivery offer is valid for 25% off list price on select pods (20-24ct) and accessories for all new and existing smart auto-delivery orders on www.keurig.com & the keurig® app for as long as you remain active in smart auto-delivery, while supplies last. smart auto-delivery is only available with the purchase of a keurig® k-supreme plus® smart coffee maker. smart auto-delivery offer excludes limited edition, illy® k-cup® pods, green mountain coffee roasters® reserve coffees, bagged coffee, canned coffee & all variety packs. no coupon code needed during checkout. redeem order savings by selecting ' smart auto-delivery' for beverages in your cart. cannot be combined with other offers, not valid toward gift certificates, previous purchases, non-smart auto-delivery orders, and rewards catalog purchases. rewards points are earned on all beverages in every smart auto-delivery purchase and are not redeemable for cash.  smart auto-delivery orders process and ship monday – friday. keurig® reserves the right to cancel, remove, or make changes to the products and/or product pricing available under this offer, replace out of stock products with alternatives, or make changes to the offer at any time without notice. offer only valid at www.keurig.com and the keurig® app. keurig’s website terms of use also apply.by signing up for smart auto-delivery, you agree to let keurig.com automatically charge your provided method of payment when an item in your order is running low on inventory, as determined by keurig based on your observed consumption patterns since your initial order. each item in your order will have a different consumption pattern and will therefore be on a different delivery schedule. the quantity of beverages shipped is based on your daily consumption and may be greater or fewer than your initial order. you may adjust your order before it is processed. you may receive numerous shipments per week (you will see each order charged separately on your method of payment) depending on the number of items in your order and how varied your consumption patterns are. if your consumption pattern changes after you have received an order reminder email, your shipment may arrive sooner or later based on your newly observed consumption patterns. you may cancel your smart auto-delivery subscription at any time, free of charge through your online keurig account or by calling consumer care at 866-901-2739. you can cancel or adjust your order until midnight on the day you receive your order reminder email. keurig® starter kit save up to $130 on coffee makers + 25% off beverages free shipping get started restrictions apply. see details offer is available until december 31, 2021 at 7:59 a.m. (et), or while supplies last. valid exclusively online at keurig.ca. select a free 24-count box of k-cup® pods or a free bag of coffee (340g or 312g) with the purchase of a coffee maker. use the promo code kcup24. excludes bundle offers, coffee makers on sale, the k-mini®, k-mini® plus, the k-express™, the keurig® starter kit and auto-delivery orders. this promotion does not apply towards previously purchased merchandise. offer subject to change or cancellation without prior notice. shipping surcharges may apply for locations outside of metropolitan areas. cannot be combined with any other offer, coupon, or promotion. offer not valid at retail outlets or other websites that sell keurig® products. customize customize email sign-up stay up to date with the latest news and new arrivals direct to your inbox. your email today's deals winter pod sale save $3 per box use code snowman21 shop now ends 12/5. see details *offer valid for $3 off boxes of k-cup® and rivo® pods, and coffee shots purchased on www.keurig.com through 11:59 p.m. pst on 12/5/2021, while supplies last. does not include green mountain coffee roasters® reserve coffees, green mountain coffee roasters® alpine roast cold brew coffee, the original donut shop® cold brew coffee, illy® k-cup® pods, 6-ct k-cup® sample boxes, 8-ct k-cup® pod boxes, 10-ct k-cup® pod boxes, 12-ct k-cup® pod boxes, 16-ct k-cup® pod boxes, or 18-ct k-cup® pod boxes, bagged coffee, canned coffee, or any keurig® bundles. enter code snowman21 in the "coupon(s)" box during checkout. free standard shipping to u.s. addresses on all brewers and orders of $29 or more, after any promo codes, discounts, or coupons are applied. cannot be combined with other offers, previous purchases, auto-delivery orders, rewards catalog purchases, and is not redeemable for cash. offer only valid at www.keurig.com. keurig’s website terms of use also apply. keurig reserves the right to cancel, remove, or make changes to the products and/or product pricing available under this offer at any time without notice. free coffee of your choice buy a select coffee maker,get 2 free boxes of pods use code freepods4me at checkout shop now ends 12/31. see details free shipping applies on all orders above $80. a maximum of 9 boxes per product can be added per order. this promotion does not apply towards previously purchased merchandise. offer subject to change or cancellation without prior notice. shipping surcharges may be applied for locations outside of metropolitan areas. offer not valid at retail outlets or other websites that sell keurig® products. new limited-edition alessi ❤️ keurig®collection fine italian accessories shop now available while supplies last. new custom coffee makers my taste. my style.my keurig®. from just $109.99 customize your brewer holiday gift ideas the holidaygifting guide is here start gifting while supplies last. prices may vary. save with bundles save 20%every day shop now easy gift idea give custom variety packs. shop now keurig® starter kit k-slim® $49.99as a starter kit shop now restrictions apply. see details scheduled auto-delivery offers a 15% discount on select k-cup® pods and bagged coffee available on keurig.ca. no coupon code needed. simply select the 'scheduled auto-delivery' option in your cart. offer subject to change or cancellation without prior notice. this includes the right for keurig.ca to cancel, remove, or make changes to the products and/or product pricing available under this offer, replace out of stock products with alternatives, or make changes to the offer at any time without notice. this promotion does not apply towards previously purchased merchandise. shipping surcharges may apply for locations outside of metropolitan areas. cannot be combined with any other offer, coupon, or promotion. offer not valid at retail outlets or other websites that sell keurig® products. brewing up savings keurig® k-supreme plus®smart with brewid™ free coffee with smart auto-delivery* shop now ends 12/31. see details keurig® starter kit 50% off k-supreme plus® smart coffee maker: offer valid for 50% off your purchase of keurig® k-supreme plus® smart, while supplies last. offer is only valid with 12-month purchase commitment of 16 boxes of 20/22/24ct, delivered over 4 orders minimum via smart auto-delivery subscription. if 12-month commitment is not satisfied, keurig® will charge you the balance of the list price of the coffee maker. offer is valid for 25% off list price on select pods (20-24ct) and accessories for all new and existing smart auto-delivery orders on www.keurig.com & the keurig® app for as long as you remain active in smart auto-delivery, while supplies last. smart auto-delivery is only available with the purchase of a keurig® supreme plus® smart coffee maker. smart auto-delivery offer excludes limited edition, illy® k-cup® pods, green mountain coffee roasters® reserve coffees, bagged coffee, canned coffee & all variety packs. no coupon code needed during checkout. redeem order savings by selecting ' smart auto-delivery' for beverages in your cart. cannot be combined with other offers, not valid toward gift certificates, previous purchases, non-smart auto-delivery orders, and rewards catalog purchases. rewards points are earned on all beverages in every smart auto-delivery purchase and are not redeemable for cash.  smart auto-delivery orders process and ship monday – friday. keurig® reserves the right to cancel, remove, or make changes to the products and/or product pricing available under this offer, replace out of stock products with alternatives, or make changes to the offer at any time without notice. offer only valid at www.keurig.com and the keurig® app. keurig’s website terms of use also apply.by signing up for smart auto-delivery, you agree to let keurig.com automatically charge your provided method of payment when an item in your order is running low on inventory, as determined by keurig based on your observed consumption patterns since your initial order. each item in your order will have a different consumption pattern and will therefore be on a different delivery schedule. the quantity of beverages shipped is based on your daily consumption and may be greater or fewer than your initial order. you may adjust your order before it is processed. you may receive numerous shipments per week (you will see each order charged separately on your method of payment) depending on the number of items in your order and how varied your consumption patterns are. if your consumption pattern changes after you have received an order reminder email, your shipment may arrive sooner or later based on your newly observed consumption patterns. you may cancel your smart auto-delivery subscription at any time, free of charge through your online keurig account or by calling consumer care at 866-901-2739. you can cancel or adjust your order until midnight on the day you receive your order reminder email.4 free box offer: offer valid for up to four (4) free boxes of k-cup® pods (up to 24-count only), in your first order only, after purchasing a k-supreme plus® smart coffee maker and subscribing to smart auto-delivery on www.keurig.com through 11:59 p.m. pst on 12/31/21, while supplies last. free pods do not include vue® or rivo® pods, box counts greater than 24-count, coffee shots, cold brew, bagged and canned coffee, or any keurig® bundles. offer not valid on illy® k-cup® pods. after successfully connecting your coffee maker, subscribing to smart auto-delivery and adding to four (4) eligible boxes to your cart, boxes will show up in cart as free. if you choose to add less than four (4) eligible boxes, you will only receive the quantity in your cart for free. if you choose to add more than four (4) eligible boxes, only 4 boxes will show up as free. for keurig starter kit purchasers, up to four (4) eligible boxes in your first order will show up as free when you purchase your k-supreme plus® smart coffee maker and sign up for smart auto-delivery via the keurig starter kit program. smart auto-delivery add up to 4 free boxesto your first order with subscription learn more ends 12/31. see details smart auto-delivery offer is valid for 25% off list price on select pods (20-24ct) and accessories for all new and existing smart auto-delivery orders on www.keurig.com & the keurig® app for as long as you remain active in smart auto-delivery, while supplies last. smart auto-delivery is only available with the purchase of a keurig® k-supreme plus® smart coffee maker. smart auto-delivery offer excludes limited edition, illy® k-cup® pods, green mountain coffee roasters® reserve coffees, bagged coffee, canned coffee & all variety packs. no coupon code needed during checkout. redeem order savings by selecting ' smart auto-delivery' for beverages in your cart. cannot be combined with other offers, not valid toward gift certificates, previous purchases, non-smart auto-delivery orders, and rewards catalog purchases. rewards points are earned on all beverages in every smart auto-delivery purchase and are not redeemable for cash.  smart auto-delivery orders process and ship monday – friday. keurig® reserves the right to cancel, remove, or make changes to the products and/or product pricing available under this offer, replace out of stock products with alternatives, or make changes to the offer at any time without notice. offer only valid at www.keurig.com and the keurig® app. keurig’s website terms of use also apply.by signing up for smart auto-delivery, you agree to let keurig.com automatically charge your provided method of payment when an item in your order is running low on inventory, as determined by keurig based on your observed consumption patterns since your initial order. each item in your order will have a different consumption pattern and will therefore be on a different delivery schedule. the quantity of beverages shipped is based on your daily consumption and may be greater or fewer than your initial order. you may adjust your order before it is processed. you may receive numerous shipments per week (you will see each order charged separately on your method of payment) depending on the number of items in your order and how varied your consumption patterns are. if your consumption pattern changes after you have received an order reminder email, your shipment may arrive sooner or later based on your newly observed consumption patterns. you may cancel your smart auto-delivery subscription at any time, free of charge through your online keurig account or by calling consumer care at 866-901-2739. you can cancel or adjust your order until midnight on the day you receive your order reminder email. keurig® starter kit save up to $130 on coffee makers + 25% off beverages free shipping get started restrictions apply. see details offer is available until december 31, 2021 at 7:59 a.m. (et), or while supplies last. valid exclusively online at keurig.ca. select a free 24-count box of k-cup® pods or a free bag of coffee (340g or 312g) with the purchase of a coffee maker. use the promo code kcup24. excludes bundle offers, coffee makers on sale, the k-mini®, k-mini® plus, the k-express™, the keurig® starter kit and auto-delivery orders. this promotion does not apply towards previously purchased merchandise. offer subject to change or cancellation without prior notice. shipping surcharges may apply for locations outside of metropolitan areas. cannot be combined with any other offer, coupon, or promotion. offer not valid at retail outlets or other websites that sell keurig® products. i have an account i'm new to keurig serial number* please enter the serial number exactly as it is shown on your brewer, including any special characters. please enter the serial number exactly as it is shown on your brewer, including any special characters. locate my serial number reservoir location your appliance type non removable reservoirrear removable reservoirside removable reservoirrear removable reservoirrear removable reservoir first name* last name* email address* show password* show register.checkpwd* email address* show password* did you use another single-serve brewer used over the last year?* please select no yes what type of purchase was this?* please select i replaced a working keurig® coffee maker i received this coffee maker as a gift other i replaced a non-working keurig® coffee maker i purchased an extra k-cup® pod compatible coffee maker i replaced a non-keurig k-cup® pod compatible coffee maker where was this coffee maker purchased?* when was this coffee maker purchased?* click below to register your brewer and to receive 50% off your next beverage order and other special offers. restrictions apply.  see details register coffee maker for each new keurig® brewer you register within a year of purchase, you are eligible to receive a promotion code (limit three per household). offer valid for 50% off 5 boxes or fewer of select k-cup®, k-carafe®, or rivo® pods, forto® coffee shots, and bagged coffee purchased on www.keurig.com, while supplies last. coupon is one-time use only and is valid through 11:59 p.m. pst on 12/31/2020. valid on 24ct or smaller boxes. free standard shipping to u.s. addresses, only on orders $29 or more, after any promo codes, discounts, or coupons are applied thru 11:59pm est on 1/1/2021. coupon cannot be combined with other offers, does not include gift certificates, vue® pods, or any illy® k-cup® pods, is not valid on previous purchases or auto-delivery orders, and is not redeemable for cash. offer not valid at retail outlets or other websites that carry keurig® products. keurig reserves the right to cancel, remove or make changes to the products and/or product pricing available under this offer at any time without notice. keurig’s website terms of use also apply.after online registration is verified, a coupon code will appear on the confirmation page and will also be provided in a confirmation email that is sent to the email associated with the online account you create or use at the time of registration. your information will be used in accordance with our privacy policy. note: an existing online account can be utilized. it may take up to one week to verify online registrations and process a coupon code request. the coupon code will allow you to apply the discount during the online checkout process for a future order. once the coupon code is entered in the coupon code box during checkout, 50% of the price (up to 5 select boxes) will be taken off (excluding tax). contact keurig customer service with questions: (7 a.m. - 12 a.m. est) 866-901-brew (866-901-2739). void where prohibited or taxed. offer subject to change. find a store customer support: 866-901-brew(2739) follow us twitter instagram facebook shop coffee makers beverages orders track your order returns auto delivery orders helpful info register your appliance support product recall business solutions site map contact us ca privacy rights do not sell my personal information about us about us news careers sustainability rewards program accepted payment methods join our mailing list stay up-to-date with the latest news and new arrivals direct to your inbox. sign up select country select countryunited statescanadamexico © 2021 keurig green mountain, inc. - all rights reserved terms of use privacy policy modern slavery act accessibility statement