来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20221228112448/https://www.keurig.com/coupons?cm_sp=deals-page-_-Top-Nav-_-dealspage101
================================================================================

keurig® coupons & deals | see current sales & sweepstakes skip to main content keurig keurig search hundreds of ways to brew… search hundreds of ways to brew… free shipping $35+ free shipping for orders $35+: free standard shipping to contiguous u.s. addresses only on orders $35 or more (excluding ak, hi, pr addresses), after any promo codes, discounts, or coupons are applied. ak, hi, pr addresses receive free shipping on orders $39 or more, after any promo codes, discounts, or coupons are applied. inventory availability and nationwide shipping delays during this peak time period may affect delivery time. in the event the shipping date falls on a holiday, your order will be shipped the next business day. keurig's website terms of use also apply. cart cart coffee, tea & more coffee, tea & more go back to main category all beverages coffee coffee go back to level-1 items new seasonal best sellers variety packs flavored light roast medium roast dark roast decaf go back to level-1 items gift guide tea tea go back to level-1 items black tea green tea herbal tea iced cocoa & more cocoa & more go back to level-1 items hot cocoa chai cafe style type type go back to level-1 items k-cup® pods bagged coffee canned coffee beverage bundles coffee shots cold brew rivo® pods recyclable brands brands go back to level-1 items green mountain coffee roasters® the original donut shop® mccafé® starbucks® dunkin'® go back to level-1 items custom variety pack coffee makers coffee makers go back to main category all coffee makers for home for home go back to level-1 items single serve coffee makers single serve & drip coffee makers coffee maker bundles new - k-supreme plus® smart commercial use commercial use go back to level-1 items office restaurant hospitality healthcare contact a distributor go back to level-1 items refurbished go back to level-1 items register coffee maker go back to level-1 items drinkworks® warranty replacements warranty replacements go back to level-1 items warranty replacement brewers oow brewer replacements customizecustomize accessories accessories go back to main category all accessories go back to level-1 items my k-cup® reusable filters cleaning & maintenance carafes & drinkware go back to level-1 items pod storage spare parts go back to level-1 items gift guide alessi keurigalessi keurig auto-delivery auto-delivery coffee subscription all the beverages you love on your schedule. you set your delivery schedule for ultimate control. save 25% on every order, commitment free.* learn more restrictions apply. smart coffee subscription just enough pods, just in time. with brewid™, we only send more pods when you need them for ultimate convenience.save 25% on every order, commitment free.* learn more smart brewer required. restrictions apply. get started get started 55% off k-supreme plus® smart $99.99 brewer + 25% off pods with smart delivery 16-box commitment (first 4-box shipment is free*) our first connected brewer featuring brewid™ technology 55% off k-supreme plus® smart $99.99 brewer + 25% off pods with smart delivery 16-box commitment (first 4-box shipment is free*) our first connected brewer featuring brewid™ technology get started cancellation fees & restrictions apply. see details get started cancellation fees & restrictions apply. 50% or more off coffee makers up to $150 off brewer + 25% off pods with scheduled auto-delivery 16-box annual commitment 9 top selling brewers to choose from 50% or more off coffee makers up to $150 off brewer + 25% off pods with scheduled auto-delivery 16-box annual commitment 9 top selling brewers to choose from get started cancellation fees & restrictions apply. see details get started cancellation fees & restrictions apply. free coffee makers free k-select® or k-mini plus® with scheduled auto-delivery 25% off pods with 24-box commitment our most popular single-serve coffee makers free coffee makers free k-select® or k-mini plus® with scheduled auto-delivery 25% off pods with 24-box commitment our most popular single-serve coffee makers get started cancellation fees & restrictions apply. see details get started cancellation fees & restrictions apply. 55% off k-slim® coffee maker $58.50 brewer + 25% off pods with scheduled auto-delivery our lowest annual commitment – just 9 boxes space-saving brewer features multistream technology™ 55% off k-slim® coffee maker $58.50 brewer + 25% off pods with scheduled auto-delivery our lowest annual commitment – just 9 boxes space-saving brewer features multistream technology™ get started cancellation fees & restrictions apply. see details get started cancellation fees & restrictions apply. gift guide gift guide deals deals customize customize smart family smart family recipes & more recipes & more sustainability sustainability home keurig® coupons & deals | see current sales & sweepstakes keurig® deals & coupons check this page often to find the latest sales and sweepstakes on your favorite keurig® products more early black friday deals save 25% on brewers& accessories use code brewjoy22 shop all brewersshop smart brewersshop accessories ends 11/22. see details *offer valid for 25% off accessories and select coffee makers purchased on www.keurig.com through 11:59 p.m. pst on 11/22/2022. does not include keurig® k-elite® coffee maker, k-express® coffee maker, k155 officepro® premier brewing system, my keurig ® custom coffee makers, illy® products or any keurig® bundles. enter code brewjoy22 in the “coupon(s)” box during checkout. free standard shipping to u.s. addresses on all brewers and orders of $35 or more, after any promo codes, discounts, or coupons are applied. cannot be combined with other offers, previous purchases, auto-delivery orders, rewards catalog purchases, and is not redeemable for cash. offer only valid at www.keurig.com. keurig’s website terms of use also apply. keurig reserves the right to cancel, remove, or make changes to the products and/or product pricing available under this offer at any time without notice. all trademarks are the property of their respective owners, used with permission. a $89.99 value! get a free milk frotherwhen you buy a brewer get deal ends 11/22. hot and cold frother only.while supplies last. see details *offer valid for 1 free keurig® hot & cold milk frother with the purchase of a select coffee maker on www.keurig.com or on the keurig® app through 11:59 p.m. pst on 11/22/2022. keurig® hot & cold milk frother must be added to cart for discount to apply. does not include keurig® k-mini® coffee maker, keurig® k-express coffee maker, keurig® k155 officepro® premier brewing system, my keurig® custom coffee makers, illy® products or any keurig® bundles. enter code frothjoy in the “coupon(s)” box during checkout. free standard shipping to contiguous u.s. addresses on all brewers and orders of $35 or more, after any promo codes, discounts, and coupons are applied. cannot be combined with other offers, previous purchases, auto-delivery orders, rewards catalog purchases. keurig reserves the right to cancel, remove, or make changes to the products and/or product pricing available under this offer at any time. all trademarks are the property of their respective owners, used with permission. get everyone's favorites and save 25% off every beverage order. change or pause an item, or cancel anytime. no code required subscribe restricions apply. see offer details 25% auto-delivery offer: each auto-delivery order will be 25% off list price on most pods, bagged coffee, and select accessories for all new and existing auto-delivery orders on www.keurig.com or on the keurig® app for as long as the customer remains active in auto-delivery. orders will ship every 2-12 weeks as designated by the customer. auto-delivery orders process and ship monday – friday. you will receive notice before any shipment and you may adjust or cancel your order until 11:59 pm est on the day before your order is scheduled to ship by logging into your keurig account or by calling customer care at 866-901-2739. auto-delivery offer excludes rivo® pods, keurig® bundles and illy® k-cup® pods. no coupon code needed during checkout. redeem order savings by selecting 'auto-delivery' for beverages and select accessories in your cart. cannot be combined with other offers; not valid toward gift certificates, previous purchases, non-auto-delivery orders, and rewards catalog purchases. rewards points are earned on all beverages in every auto-delivery purchase and are not redeemable for cash. free standard shipping to contiguous u.s. addresses on all orders of $35 or more, after any promo codes, discounts, and coupons are applied. keurig® reserves the right to cancel, remove, or make changes to the products and/or product pricing available under this offer, replace out of stock products with alternatives, or make changes to the offer at any time without notice. get everyone's favorites and save 20% off pod ordersof 5 boxes or more. no code required stock up restricions apply. see offer details 20% offer: offer valid for 20% off the purchase of 5 or more k-cup® 20ct or larger on keurig.com or through the keurig(r) app through 11:59 p.m. pst on 12/31/2022. offer excludes illy® pods, rivo® pods, and keurig® bundles. no coupon code required during checkout. free standard shipping to contiguous u.s. addresses on all orders of $35 or more, after any promo codes, discounts, and coupons are applied. cannot be combined with other offers, previous purchases, auto-delivery orders or rewards catalog purchases. keurig reserves the right to cancel, remove, or make changes to the products and/or product pricing available under this offer at any time. get everyone's favorites and save 15% off all pods, bags, and cans. no code required shop now restricions apply. see offer details 15% offer: offer valid for 15% off boxes of k-cup® pods, bagged coffee, and canned coffee purchased on keurig.com or on the keurig® app through 11:59 p.m. pst on 12/31/2022. excludes illy® products, rivo® pods, and keurig® bundles. no coupon code required during checkout. free standard shipping to contiguous u.s. addresses on all brewers and orders of $35 or more, after any promo codes, discounts, and coupons are applied. cannot be combined with other offers, previous purchases, auto-delivery orders or rewards catalog purchases. keurig reserves the right to cancel, remove, or make changes to the products and/or product pricing available under this offer at any time. a new way to personalizeto perfection now you can add photos, monograms, quotes & so much more. make our brewers yours! personalize it order brewers by 12/5/22 for christmas delivery. more smart ways toimpress holiday guests find the brewer just right for you see why they're smart offer valid for 20% off beverages purchased on www.keurig.com or on the keurig® app through 11:59 p.m. pst on 06/05/2022. does not include illy® k-cup® pods, or any keurig® bundles. enter code donutday22 in the “coupon(s)” box during checkout. free standard shipping to contiguous u.s. addresses on all brewers and orders of $35 or more, after any promo codes, discounts, and coupons are applied . cannot be combined with other offers, previous purchases, auto-delivery orders, rewards catalog purchases. keurig reserves the right to cancel, remove, or make changes to the products and/or product pricing available under this offer at any time. keurig starter kits gift yourself a brewerat 50% off or more + 25% off beverages with auto-delivery gift yourself a kit cancellation fees & restrictions apply. see offer details keurig® starter kit 50% off coffee maker: offer valid for 50% off your purchase of keurig® k-elite®, k-classic®, k-café®, k-duo®, k-duo plus®, k-supreme plus®, k-supreme®, k-café® special edition coffee maker, k-slim + iced™ coffee makers, and k-duo® special edition coffee makers, and 75% off k-café® special edition coffee makers while supplies last. offer is only valid with 12-month purchase commitment of 16 boxes of 20/22/24ct or 16 bags of coffee, delivered over 4 orders with a minimum of 4 boxes/bags per order. if 12-month commitment is not satisfied, keurig® will charge you the balance of the list price of the coffee maker.keurig® starter kit free coffee maker: offer valid for a free k-select® or k-mini plus® coffee maker, while supplies last. offer is only valid with 12-month purchase commitment of 24 boxes of 20/22/24ct or 24 bags of coffee, delivered over 6 orders with a minimum of 4 boxes/bags per order. if 12-month commitment is not satisfied, keurig® will charge you the full list price of the coffee maker.enrolled pods and enrolled bags are varieties of pods/bags that have been added to your auto-delivery account either (1) at the time of purchase of your brewer or (2) through a subsequent auto-delivery order. only auto-delivery enrolled pods count towards your commitment.each auto-delivery order will be 25% off list price on most pods and bagged coffee and will ship every 2-12 weeks as designated by the customer. four boxes (20/22/24 count) or bags per order will count toward the purchase commitment. 44-48ct sizes count as 2 boxes/bags, 60-72ct count as 3, 80-96ct count as 4. all variety packs count as one box towards the commitment. auto-delivery orders process and ship monday – friday. you will receive notice before any shipment and you may adjust or cancel your order until 11:59 pm est on the day before your order is scheduled to ship by logging into your keurig account or by calling customer care at 866-901-2739.keurig® starter kit smart coffee maker (wi-fi enabled): receive 50% off a keurig® smart coffee maker with a purchase commitment of 16 boxes of 20/22/24ct of enrolled pods over a period of 12 months, with a maximum of 8 boxes per order, through smart auto-delivery or converted scheduled auto-delivery. if 16-box commitment is not satisfied within 12 months, keurig will charge you the remaining 50% of the list price of the coffee maker.enrolled pods are varieties of pods that have been added to your auto-delivery account either (1) at the time of purchase of your brewer or (2) through a subsequent auto-delivery order. only auto-delivery enrolled pods count towards your 16-box commitment. enrolled pods ordered through auto-delivery are 25% off the list price.smart delivery requires your smart coffee maker to be connected to wi-fi so that keurig can track the consumption of enrolled pods. by signing up for smart delivery, you agree to (1) let keurig.com observe brewer consumption patterns, (2) automatically replenish your supply of an enrolled pod when the inventory is running low as determined by keurig and (3) charge your preferred method of payment saved in your account. each variety of enrolled pods may have a different consumption pattern and may be on a different delivery schedule. the quantity of enrolled pods shipped is based on your average daily consumption and may be greater or fewer than your initial order. you can also adjust the number of pods you have at home manually in my account or by calling consumer care. you will receive notice before any shipment and you may adjust or cancel your order until 11:59 pm est on the day before your order is scheduled to ship by logging into your keurig account or by calling customer care.connecting your smart coffee maker to wi-fi is required for keurig to track the consumption of enrolled pods. if you have not connected your smart coffee maker within 60 days of purchase and brewed an initial pod while connected, keurig® will automatically convert your smart delivery enrollment to a scheduled auto-delivery enrollment. a scheduled auto-delivery will send your initial order of enrolled pods every 6 weeks to help you reach your 16-box commitment. you will receive notice before any shipment and you may adjust or cancel your order until 11:59 pm est on the day before your order is scheduled to ship by logging into your keurig account or by calling customer care. additionally, you may convert back to smart delivery by connecting your brewer to wi-fi and reenrolling in smart delivery.you may cancel smart delivery or scheduled auto-delivery at any time, free of charge through your online keurig account or by calling consumer care at 866-901-2739. if you purchased your smart coffee maker through the keurig® starter kit program and have not fulfilled the 12-month, 16 box commitment before cancelling your smart or scheduled auto-delivery, you will be charged the remaining 50% of the list price of the coffee maker.bonus offer: 4 free boxes when enrolling in smart delivery. this offer is valid for up to four (4) free boxes of k-cup® pods (20/22/24 -count), in your first smart delivery order only, on www.keurig.com through 11:59 p.m. pst on 1/31/23. offer excludes rivo® pods, keurig® bundles and illy® k-cup® pods. offer is valid upon initial enrollment in smart delivery whether at the time of the purchase of a keurig starter kit or after a smart coffee maker is connected and a first smart delivery order is established. upon enrollment in smart delivery, if you add less than 4 eligible boxes, you will only receive the quantity in your cart for free. if you add more than 4 eligible boxes, boxes in excess of the 4 those boxes will not be free. just launched! k-supreme plus® smartstainless steel shop now offer valid for 20% off beverages purchased on www.keurig.com or on the keurig® app through 11:59 p.m. pst on 06/05/2022. does not include illy® k-cup® pods, or any keurig® bundles. enter code donutday22 in the “coupon(s)” box during checkout. free standard shipping to contiguous u.s. addresses on all brewers and orders of $35 or more, after any promo codes, discounts, and coupons are applied . cannot be combined with other offers, previous purchases, auto-delivery orders, rewards catalog purchases. keurig reserves the right to cancel, remove, or make changes to the products and/or product pricing available under this offer at any time. our smart family has grown buy direct & save 50%with our exclusive starter kit choose up to 96 pods free with smart delivery+ 25% off beverages + free shipping. build your kit *cancellation fees & restrictions apply. see details keurig® starter kit smart coffee maker (wi-fi enabled): receive 50% off a keurig smart coffee maker with a purchase commitment of 16 boxes of 20/22/24ct of enrolled pods over a period of 12 months, with a maximum of 8 boxes per order, through smart delivery or converted scheduled auto-delivery. if 16-box commitment is not satisfied within 12 months, keurig will charge you the remaining 45% of the list price of the coffee maker.enrolled pods are varieties of pods that have been added to your auto-delivery account either (1) at the time of purchase of your brewer or (2) through a subsequent auto-delivery order. only auto-delivery enrolled pods count towards your 16-box commitment. enrolled pods ordered through auto-delivery are 25% off the list price.smart delivery requires your smart coffee maker to be connected to wi-fi so that keurig can track the consumption of enrolled pods. by signing up for smart delivery, you agree to (1) let keurig.com observe brewer consumption patterns, (2) automatically replenish your supply of an enrolled pod when the inventory is running low as determined by keurig and (3) charge your preferred method of payment saved in your account. each variety of enrolled pods may have a different consumption pattern and may be on a different delivery schedule. the quantity of enrolled pods shipped is based on your average daily consumption and may be greater or fewer than your initial order. you can also adjust the number of pods you have at home manually in my account or by calling consumer care. you will receive notice before any shipment and you may adjust or cancel your order until 11:59 pm est on the day before your order is scheduled to ship by logging into your keurig account or by calling customer care.connecting your smart coffee maker to wi-fi is required for keurig to track the consumption of enrolled pods. if you have not connected your smart coffee maker within 60 days of purchase and brewed an initial pod while connected, keurig® will automatically convert your smart delivery enrollment to a scheduled auto-delivery enrollment. a scheduled auto-delivery will send your initial order of enrolled pods every 6 weeks to help you reach your 16-box commitment. you will receive notice before any shipment and you may adjust or cancel your order until 11:59 pm est on the day before your order is scheduled to ship by logging into your keurig account or by calling customer care. additionally, you may convert back to smart delivery by connecting your brewer to wi-fi and reenrolling in smart delivery.you may cancel smart delivery or scheduled auto-delivery at any time, free of charge through your online keurig account or by calling consumer care at 866-901-2739. if you purchased your smart coffee maker through the keurig® starter kit program and have not fulfilled the 12-month, 16 box commitment before cancelling your smart or scheduled auto-delivery, you will be charged the remaining 55% of the list price of the coffee maker.bonus offer: 4 free boxes when enrolling in smart delivery. this offer is valid for up to four (4) free boxes of k-cup® pods (20/22/24 -count), in your first smart delivery order only, on www.keurig.com through 11:59 p.m. pst on 1/31/23. offer excludes rivo® pods, keurig® bundles and illy® k-cup® pods. offer is valid upon initial enrollment in smart delivery whether at the time of the purchase of a keurig starter kit or after a smart coffee maker is connected and a first smart delivery order is established. upon enrollment in smart delivery, if you add less than 4 eligible boxes, you will only receive the quantity in your cart for free. if you add more than 4 eligible boxes, boxes in excess of the 4 those boxes will not be free. start your daywith mccafé® $1 from every mug sold goes toronald mcdonald house charities® shop now mccafé® is a proud partner of ronald mcdonald house charities®. maximum donation $15,000. donation ends 12/31. see details purchase any of these three colorful mug designs or as part of a bundle and the following amounts will be donated to rmhc* (up to a maximum of $15k, through 12/31/2022):$1 per standalone mug, $5 per mug + mccafe coffee bundle • $10 per k-mini + mug+ mccafe coffee bundlemccafe at home is a proud partner of ronald mcdonald house charities. *up to a maximum of $15k, through 12/31/2022) 20% off cleaning &maintenance accessories always brew your best. use code brewlikenew shop now ends 3/1/23. see details *offer valid for 20% off cleaning and maintenance accessories purchased on www.keurig.com through 11:59 p.m. pst on 3/1/2023, while supplies last. offer not valid for discount on any other accessory items including carafes and drinkware, pod storage, spare parts, or my k-cup® reusable coffee filters. enter code brewlikenew in the coupon(s) box during checkout. cannot be combined with other offers including keurig starter kit. not valid toward gift certificates, previous purchases, auto-delivery orders, rewards catalog purchases, and is not redeemable for cash. offer only valid at www.keurig.com. keurig’s terms of use also apply. keurig reserves the right to cancel, remove, or make changes to the products and/or product pricing available under this offer at any time without notice starter kit multi-stream technology™ on a student budgetk-slim® only $58.50 as a starter kit+ 25% off beverages + free shipping get started restrictions apply. see details *offer valid for a keurig® k-slim® coffee maker for $58.50, while supplies last. offer is only valid with 12-month purchase commitment of 9 boxes of 20/22/24ct or 16 bags of coffee, delivered over 3 orders with a minimum of 3 boxes/bags per order. if 12-month commitment is not satisfied, keurig® will charge you the balance of the list price of the coffee maker.each auto-delivery order will be 25% off list price on most pods and bagged coffee and will ship every 2-12 weeks as designated by the customer, while supplies last. three 20/22/24ct boxes/bags per order count toward the annual commitment. 44-48ct sizes count as 2 boxes/bags towards the commitment, 60-72ct count as 3, 80-96ct count as 3. dunkin donuts® original blend coffee 44ct and cinnamin’ nutmeg coffee 60ct and all variety packs count as one box/bag towards the commitment. if box/bag commitment is not met, keurig will charge you the list price of the coffee maker, based on list price of coffee maker from the date of initial purchase & auto-delivery enrollment. credit cards on file for the auto-delivery subscription program must have an expiration date more than 6 months from coffee maker purchase date. keurig® starter kit offer limited to one email address and one shipping address per subscription. free standard shipping for all orders $35 or more to contiguous u.s. addresses (excluding ak, hi, pr addresses). once the commitment is reached, you will continue to remain in auto-delivery and receive 25% off most beverages, or you can cancel commitment free.auto-delivery offer excludes illy® k-cup® pods, and keurig love blend™ variety pack. cannot be combined with other offers, not valid toward gift certificates, previous purchases, non-auto-delivery orders, and rewards catalog purchases. rewards points are earned on all beverages in every auto-delivery purchase and are not redeemable for cash. auto-delivery orders process and ship monday - friday. keurig® reserves the right to cancel, remove, or make changes to the products and/or product pricing available under this offer, replace out of stock products with alternatives, or make changes to the offer at any time without notice. offer only valid at www.keurig.com. keurig’s terms of use apply. get 2 free boxes of coffee with the purchase of select brewers. use code freepods4me shop now ends 1/2. restrictions apply. see details *offer valid for two (2) free boxes of k-cup® and rivo® pods, or two (2) bagged coffees only with the purchase of select keurig® coffee maker on www.keurig.com through 11:59 p.m. pst on 01/02/2023 while supplies last. k-supreme plus® smart coffee maker and k-express™ coffee maker are not eligible brewers for this promotion. free pods do not include 40-count, 44-count, 60-count, 70-count, 72-count, 94-count, or 96-count k-cup® pod sampler or any keurig® bundles. offer not valid on illy® k-cup® pods. enter code freepods4me in the coupon(s) box during checkout. cannot be combined with other offers including keurig starter kit. not valid toward gift certificates, previous purchases, auto-delivery orders, rewards catalog purchases, and is not redeemable for cash. offer only valid at www.keurig.com. keurig’s terms of use also apply. keurig reserves the right to cancel, remove, or make changes to the products and/or product pricing available under this offer at any time without notice. newkeurig® k-supreme plus® smartwith brewid™special offer: up to 96 free k-cup® podswith smart delivery subscriptionshop nowrestrictions apply.see detailskeurig® starter kit k-supreme plus® smart coffee maker: offer valid for a 55% off a k-supreme plus® smart coffee maker, while supplies last. offer is only valid with 12-month purchase commitment of 16 boxes of 20/22/24ct or 24 bags of coffee, delivered over 4 orders with a minimum of 4 boxes/bags per order. if 12-month commitment is not satisfied, keurig® will charge you the remaining 45% of the list price of the coffee maker.by signing up for smart delivery, you agree to let keurig.com automatically charge your provided method of payment when an item in your order is running low on inventory, as determined by keurig based on your observed consumption patterns since your initial order. each item in your order will have a different consumption pattern and will therefore be on a different delivery schedule. the quantity of beverages shipped is based on your daily consumption and may be greater or fewer than your initial order. you may adjust your order before it is processed. you may receive numerous shipments per week (you will see each order charged separately on your method of payment) depending on the number of items in your order and how varied your consumption patterns are. if your consumption pattern changes after you have received an order reminder email, your shipment may arrive sooner or later based on your newly observed consumption patterns. you may cancel your smart delivery subscription at any time, free of charge through your online keurig account or by calling consumer care at 866-901-2739. please note, if you purchased your k-supreme plus® smart coffee maker through the keurig® starter kit program and have not fulfilled the 12-month, 16 box commitment before cancelling your subscription, you will be charged the remaining 45% of the list price of the coffee maker. you can cancel or adjust your order until midnight on the day you receive your order reminder email.bonus offer: 4 free boxes when enrolling in smart delivery. this offer is valid for up to four (4) free boxes of k-cup® pods (20/22/24 -count), in your first smart delivery order only, on www.keurig.com through 11:59 p.m. pst on 1/31/2023. offer excludes vue® or rivo® pods, keurig® bundles and illy® k-cup® pods. offer is valid upon initial enrollment in smart delivery whether at the time of the purchase of a keurig starter kit or after a smart coffee maker is connected and a first smart delivery order is established. upon enrollment in smart delivery, if you add less than 4 eligible boxes, you will only receive the quantity in your cart for free. if you add more than 4 eligible boxes, boxes in excess of the 4 those boxes will not be free and will not count toward your 16-box commitment. new smart delivery add up to 96 free k-cup® podsto your first order learn more restrictions apply. see details smart delivery offer is valid for 25% off list price on select pods (20-24ct) and accessories for all new and existing smart delivery orders on www.keurig.com & the keurig® app for as long as you remain active in smart delivery, while supplies last. smart delivery is only available with the purchase of a keurig® k-supreme plus® smart coffee maker. smart delivery offer excludes limited edition, illy® k-cup® pods, green mountain coffee roasters® reserve coffees, bagged coffee, canned coffee & all variety packs. no coupon code needed during checkout. redeem order savings by selecting ' smart delivery' for beverages in your cart. cannot be combined with other offers, not valid toward gift certificates, previous purchases, non-smart delivery orders, and rewards catalog purchases. rewards points are earned on all beverages in every smart delivery purchase and are not redeemable for cash.  smart delivery orders process and ship monday – friday. keurig® reserves the right to cancel, remove, or make changes to the products and/or product pricing available under this offer, replace out of stock products with alternatives, or make changes to the offer at any time without notice. offer only valid at www.keurig.com and the keurig® app. keurig’s website terms of use also apply.by signing up for smart delivery, you agree to let keurig.com automatically charge your provided method of payment when an item in your order is running low on inventory, as determined by keurig based on your observed consumption patterns since your initial order. each item in your order will have a different consumption pattern and will therefore be on a different delivery schedule. the quantity of beverages shipped is based on your daily consumption and may be greater or fewer than your initial order. you may adjust your order before it is processed. you may receive numerous shipments per week (you will see each order charged separately on your method of payment) depending on the number of items in your order and how varied your consumption patterns are. if your consumption pattern changes after you have received an order reminder email, your shipment may arrive sooner or later based on your newly observed consumption patterns. you may cancel your smart delivery subscription at any time, free of charge through your online keurig account or by calling consumer care at 866-901-2739. you can cancel or adjust your order until midnight on the day you receive your order reminder email. join auto-delivery to save25% on most beverages* inevery recurring order. learn more *restrictions apply. register your keurig®appliance and get 50% offyour next beverage order(up to 5 select boxes)!* register now *restrictions apply. everyday free shipping* *free standard shipping on brewers and orders over $35. never miss a deal!stay up to date on all our latest offers and product news. enter your email address submitting your email address is subject to our privacy policy. find a storecustomer support: 866-901-brew(2739)follow ustwitterinstagramfacebookshopcoffee makersbeveragesorderstrack your orderreturnsauto delivery ordershelpful inforegister your appliancesupportproduct recallbusiness solutionssite mapcontact usca privacy rightsdo not sell my personal informationabout usabout usnewscareerssustainabilityrewards programaccepted payment methodsjoin our mailing liststay up-to-date with the latest news and new arrivals direct to your inbox.sign upselect countryselect countryunited statescanadamexico© keurig green mountain, inc. - all rights reservedterms of useprivacy policymodern slavery actaccessibility statementall trademarks are the property of their respective owners, used with permission.