来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20231231132153/https://www.keurig.com/coupons?cm_sp=deals-page-_-Top-Nav-_-dealspage101
================================================================================

keurig® coupons & deals | see current sales & sweepstakes skip to main content up to 30% price drop - new low prices here to stay! limited time: get the k-slim® coffee maker for $89.99 up to 40% off beverages and accessories in the outlet! shop now get 50% off k-cup® pods when you register your new coffee maker. register now see details *for each new keurig® coffee maker you register within a year of purchase, you are eligible to receive a promotion code (limit three per household). offer valid for 50% off 5 boxes or fewer of select k-cup® or rivo® pods, bagged coffee, canned coffee, coffee shots and cold brew purchased on www.keurig.com, while supplies last. coupon is one-time use only and is valid through 11:59 p.m. pst 30 days from brewer registration date. valid only on 24ct or smaller boxes of k-cup® pods. free standard shipping to u.s. addresses, only on orders $29 or more, after any promo codes, discounts, or coupons are applied. coupon cannot be combined with other offers, does not include keurig® bundles, or any illy® k-cup® pods, is not valid on previous purchases, rewards catalog purchases, or auto-delivery orders, and is not redeemable for cash. offer only valid at keurig.com. keurig reserves the right to cancel, remove or make changes to the products and/or product pricing available under this offer at any time without notice. keurig’s website terms of use also apply. after online registration is verified, a coupon code will be provided in a confirmation email sent to the email address associated with the online account you create or use at the time of registration. note: you do not need to be opted into keurig.com promotional emails to receive this unique code. your information will be used in accordance with our privacy policy. it may take up to one week to verify online registrations and process a coupon code request. the coupon code will allow you to apply the discount during the online checkout process for a future order. once the coupon code is entered in the coupon code box during checkout, 50% of the price (up to 5 select boxes) will be taken off (excluding tax). contact keurig customer service with questions: (7 a.m. - 12 a.m. est) 866-901-brew (866-901-2739). void where prohibited or taxed. home keurig® coupons & deals | see current sales & sweepstakes keurig® deals & coupons the latest promo codes for great deals on keurig® coffee makers, k-cup® pods, and accessories. deals expiring soon ❮ 30% off your first auto-delivery order when you add green mountain coffee roasters® in your cart use code: gmcr30 shop now ends 1/30. see details *offer valid for 30% off eligible products when you sign up for auto-delivery during checkout through 11:59pm pst on 01/30/24. standard auto-delivery exclusions apply. this discount is a one-time discount with the use of this coupon code. enter code gmcr30 in the “coupon(s)” box during checkout. free standard shipping to contiguous u.s. addresses on all brewers and orders of $35 or more, after any promo codes, discounts, and coupons are applied. cannot be combined with other offers and previous purchases. keurig reserves the right to cancel, remove, or make changes to the products and/or product pricing available under this offer at any time. each subsequent auto-delivery order will be 25% off list price on most pods, bagged coffee, and select accessories for all new and existing auto-delivery orders on keurig.com or on the keurig® app for as long as the customer remains active in auto-delivery, excluding keurig® bundles and illy® k-cup® pods. orders ship every 2-12 weeks as designated by the customer. auto-delivery orders process and ship monday – friday. you will receive notice before any shipment and you may adjust or cancel your order until 11:59 pm est on the day before your order is scheduled to ship by logging into your keurig account or by calling customer care at 866-901-2739. no coupon code needed during checkout. redeem offer by selecting 'auto-delivery' for beverages and select accessories in your cart. cannot be combined with other offers. free standard shipping to contiguous u.s. addresses on all orders of $35 or more, after any promo codes, discounts, and coupons are applied. keurig® reserves the right to cancel, remove, or make changes to the products and/or product pricing available under this offer, replace out of stock products with alternatives, or make changes to the offer at any time without notice. all trademarks are the property of their respective owners, used with permission. 20% off or more on coffee makers use code: cozybrew20 shop now ends 1/30. see details *offer valid for 20% off accessories and select coffee makers purchased on www.keurig.com or on the keurig® app through 11:59 p.m. pst on 01/30/24. code cannot be used with sale priced brewers. does not include keurig® outlet products, signature mug, keurig® k-compact® coffee maker, keurig® k-express® coffee maker, keurig® k155 officepro® premier brewing system, my keurig® custom coffee makers, illy® products, or any keurig® bundles. enter code cozybrew20 in the “coupon(s)” box during checkout. free standard shipping to contiguous u.s. addresses on all brewers and orders of $35 or more, after any promo codes, discounts, and coupons are applied. cannot be combined with sale priced coffee makers, other offers, previous purchases, or auto-delivery orders. keurig reserves the right to cancel, remove, or make changes to the products and/or product pricing available under this offer at any time. all trademarks are the property of their respective owners, used with permission. 20% off on accessories use code: cozybrew20 shop now ends 1/30. see details *offer valid for 20% off accessories and select coffee makers purchased on www.keurig.com or on the keurig® app through 11:59 p.m. pst on 01/30/24. code cannot be used with sale priced brewers. does not include keurig® outlet products, signature mug, keurig® k-compact® coffee maker, keurig® k-express® coffee maker, keurig® k155 officepro® premier brewing system, my keurig® custom coffee makers, illy® products, or any keurig® bundles. enter code cozybrew20 in the “coupon(s)” box during checkout. free standard shipping to contiguous u.s. addresses on all brewers and orders of $35 or more, after any promo codes, discounts, and coupons are applied. cannot be combined with sale priced coffee makers, other offers, previous purchases, or auto-delivery orders. keurig reserves the right to cancel, remove, or make changes to the products and/or product pricing available under this offer at any time. all trademarks are the property of their respective owners, used with permission. 15% off all beverages use code: savetoday15 shop now ends 1/30. see details *offer valid for 15% off beverage orders purchased on www.keurig.com or on the keurig® app through 11:59 p.m. pst on 01/30/23. does not include orders containing keurig® outlet products, keurig® roastmaster’s choice coffee, illy® products, coffee makers, accessories or any keurig® bundles. enter code savetoday15 in the ‘coupon(s) box during checkout. free standard shipping to contiguous u.s. addresses on all orders of $35 or more, after any promo codes, discounts, and coupons are applied. cannot be combined with other offers, previous purchases, or auto-delivery orders. keurig reserves the right to cancel, remove, or make changes to the products and/or product pricing available under this offer at any time. all trademarks are the property of their respective owners, used with permission. $150 off k-duo® special edition coffee maker as a keurig starter kit no code required build your kit ends 1/30.cancellation fees & restrictions apply. see details *offer valid for 75% off list price of a k-duo; special edition, while supplies last. offer is only valid with 12-month purchase commitment of 16 boxes of 20/22/24ct or 16 bags of coffee, delivered over 4 orders with a minimum of 4 boxes/bags per order. if 12-month commitment is not satisfied, keurig® will charge you the balance of the list price of the coffee maker. each auto-delivery order will be 25% off list price on most pods and bagged coffee and will ship every 2-12 weeks as designated by the customer, while supplies last. four 20/22/24ct boxes/bags per order count toward the annual commitment. 44-48ct sizes count as 2 boxes/bags towards the commitment, 60-72ct count as 3, 80-96ct count as 4. dunkin donuts® original blend coffee 44ct and cinnamin’ nutmeg coffee 60ct and all variety packs count as one box/bag towards the commitment. if box/bag commitment is not met, the coffee maker balance keurig® will charge is calculated based on list price of coffee maker from the date of initial purchase & auto-delivery enrollment. credit cards on file for the auto-delivery subscription program must have an expiration date more than 6 months from coffee maker purchase date. keurig® starter kit offer limited to one email address and one shipping address per subscription. free standard shipping for all orders $35 or more to contiguous u.s. addresses (excluding ak, hi, pr addresses). once the commitment is reached, you will continue to remain in auto-delivery and receive 25% off most beverages or you can cancel commitment free. auto-delivery offer excludes illy® k-cup® pods, and keurig love blend™ variety pack. cannot be combined with other offers, not valid toward gift certificates, previous purchases, non-auto-delivery orders, and rewards catalog purchases. rewards points are earned on all beverages in every auto-delivery purchase and are not redeemable for cash. auto-delivery orders process and ship monday - friday. keurig® reserves the right to cancel, remove, or make changes to the products and/or product pricing available under this offer, replace out of stock products with alternatives, or make changes to the offer at any time without notice. offer only valid at www.keurig.com. keurig’s terms of use apply. all trademarks are the property of their respective owners, used with permission. ❯ coffee, tea & k-cup® pods ❮ 30% off off your first auto-delivery order use code: newbrew30 shop now ends 1/30. see details *offer valid for 30% off eligible products when you sign up for auto-delivery during checkout through 11:59pm pst on 01/30/24. standard auto-delivery exclusions apply. this discount is a one-time discount with the use of this coupon code. enter code newbrew30 in the “coupon(s)” box during checkout. free standard shipping to contiguous u.s. addresses on all brewers and orders of $35 or more, after any promo codes, discounts, and coupons are applied. cannot be combined with other offers and previous purchases. keurig reserves the right to cancel, remove, or make changes to the products and/or product pricing available under this offer at any time. each subsequent auto-delivery order will be 25% off list price on most pods, bagged coffee, and select accessories for all new and existing auto-delivery orders on keurig.com or on the keurig® app for as long as the customer remains active in auto-delivery, excluding keurig® bundles and illy® k-cup® pods. orders ship every 2-12 weeks as designated by the customer. auto-delivery orders process and ship monday – friday. you will receive notice before any shipment and you may adjust or cancel your order until 11:59 pm est on the day before your order is scheduled to ship by logging into your keurig account or by calling customer care at 866-901-2739. no coupon code needed during checkout. redeem offer by selecting 'auto-delivery' for beverages and select accessories in your cart. cannot be combined with other offers. free standard shipping to contiguous u.s. addresses on all orders of $35 or more, after any promo codes, discounts, and coupons are applied. keurig® reserves the right to cancel, remove, or make changes to the products and/or product pricing available under this offer, replace out of stock products with alternatives, or make changes to the offer at any time without notice. all trademarks are the property of their respective owners, used with permission. 30% off your first auto-delivery order with green mountain coffee roasters® k-cup® pods in your cart use code: gmcr30 shop now ends 1/30.cancellation fees & restrictions apply. see details *offer valid for 30% off your first for auto-delivery order when you have at least on 24ct box of green mountain coffee roasters k-cup® pods in your cart. offer available through 11:59pm pst on 1/30/2024. standard auto-delivery exclusions apply. this discount is a one-time discount with the use of this coupon code. enter code gmcr30 in the “coupon(s)” box during checkout. free standard shipping to contiguous u.s. addresses on all brewers and orders of $35 or more, after any promo codes, discounts, and coupons are applied. cannot be combined with other offers. keurig reserves the right to cancel, remove, or make changes to the products and/or product pricing available under this offer at any time. each subsequent auto-delivery order will be 25% off list price on most pods, bagged coffee, and select accessories for all new and existing auto-delivery orders on keurig.com or on the keurig® app for as long as the customer remains active in auto-delivery, excluding keurig® bundles and illy® k-cup® pods. orders ship every 2-12 weeks as designated by the customer. auto-delivery orders process and ship monday – friday. you will receive notice before any shipment and you may adjust or cancel your order until 11:59 pm est on the day before your order is scheduled to ship by logging into your keurig account or by calling customer care at 866-901-2739. no coupon code needed during checkout. redeem offer by selecting 'auto-delivery' for beverages and select accessories in your cart. cannot be combined with other offers. not valid on previous or rewards catalog purchases. free standard shipping to contiguous u.s. addresses on all orders of $35 or more, after any promo codes, discounts, and coupons are applied. keurig® reserves the right to cancel, remove, or make changes to the products and/or product pricing available under this offer, replace out of stock products with alternatives, or make changes to the offer at any time without notice. all trademarks are the property of their respective owners, used with permission. 15% off all beverages use code: savetoday15 shop now ends 1/30. see details *offer valid for 15% off beverage orders purchased on www.keurig.com or on the keurig® app through 11:59 p.m. pst on 01/30/23. does not include orders containing keurig® outlet products, keurig® roastmaster’s choice coffee, illy® products, coffee makers, accessories or any keurig® bundles. enter code savetoday15 in the ‘coupon(s) box during checkout. free standard shipping to contiguous u.s. addresses on all orders of $35 or more, after any promo codes, discounts, and coupons are applied. cannot be combined with other offers, previous purchases, or auto-delivery orders. keurig reserves the right to cancel, remove, or make changes to the products and/or product pricing available under this offer at any time. all trademarks are the property of their respective owners, used with permission. new low prices on select popular k-cup® pods no code needed shop now roastmaster’s choice $.35 per cup. everyday low price. no code needed shop now smart delivery add up to 96 free k-cup® pods to your first order no code needed learn more see details *smart delivery offer is valid for 25% off list price on select pods (20-24ct) and accessories for all new and existing smart delivery orders on www.keurig.com & the keurig® app for as long as you remain active in smart delivery, while supplies last. smart delivery is only available with the purchase of a keurig® k-supreme plus® smart coffee maker. smart delivery offer excludes limited edition, illy® k-cup® pods, green mountain coffee roasters® reserve coffees, bagged coffee, canned coffee & all variety packs. no coupon code needed during checkout. redeem order savings by selecting ' smart delivery' for beverages in your cart. cannot be combined with other offers, not valid toward gift certificates, previous purchases, non-smart delivery orders, and rewards catalog purchases. rewards points are earned on all beverages in every smart delivery purchase and are not redeemable for cash. smart delivery orders process and ship monday – friday. keurig® reserves the right to cancel, remove, or make changes to the products and/or product pricing available under this offer, replace out of stock products with alternatives, or make changes to the offer at any time without notice. offer only valid at www.keurig.com and the keurig® app. keurig’s website terms of use also apply. by signing up for smart delivery, you agree to let keurig.com automatically charge your provided method of payment when an item in your order is running low on inventory, as determined by keurig based on your observed consumption patterns since your initial order. each item in your order will have a different consumption pattern and will therefore be on a different delivery schedule. the quantity of beverages shipped is based on your daily consumption and may be greater or fewer than your initial order. you may adjust your order before it is processed. you may receive numerous shipments per week (you will see each order charged separately on your method of payment) depending on the number of items in your order and how varied your consumption patterns are. if your consumption pattern changes after you have received an order reminder email, your shipment may arrive sooner or later based on your newly observed consumption patterns. you may cancel your smart delivery subscription at any time, free of charge through your online keurig account or by calling consumer care at 866-901-2739. you can cancel or adjust your order until midnight on the day you receive your order reminder email. get 1 free box of coffee with the purchase of select brewers no code needed shop now ends 1/31/2024. see details *offer valid for one (1) free box of k-cup® pods (up to 24-count) or one (1) bag of coffee with the purchase of select coffee makers on www.keurig.com or on the keurig® app through 11:59 p.m. pst on 01/31/2024 while supplies last. free pods are not valid with the purchase of k-café® smart, k-supreme® smart, k-supreme plus® smart, k-iced™, k-express®, k155 officepro coffee makers, or any my keurig® custom coffee makers. free pods do not include any box counts over 24-count, any keurig® bundles. offer not valid on illy® k-cup® pods. enter code freebox4me in the coupon(s) box during checkout. cannot be combined with other offers including keurig starter kit. not valid toward gift certificates, previous purchases, auto-delivery orders or rewards catalog purchases. keurig’s terms of use also apply. keurig reserves the right to cancel, remove, or make changes to the products and/or product pricing available under this offer at any time without notice. all trademarks are the property of their respective owners, used with permission. ❯ everyday savings join auto delivery always get 25%* off beverages with auto-delivery. set your schedule and save. get started restrictions apply *each auto-delivery order will be 25% off list price on most pods, bagged coffee, and select accessories for all new and existing auto-delivery orders on www.keurig.com or on the keurig® app for as long as the customer remains active in auto-delivery. orders will ship every 2-12 weeks as designated by the customer. auto-delivery orders process and ship monday – friday. you will receive notice before any shipment and you may adjust or cancel your order until 11:59 pm est on the day before your order is scheduled to ship by logging into your keurig account or by calling customer care at 866-901-2739. auto-delivery offer excludes keurig® bundles and illy® k-cup® pods. no coupon code needed during checkout. redeem order savings by selecting 'auto-delivery' for beverages and select accessories in your cart. cannot be combined with other offers; not valid toward gift certificates, previous purchases, non-auto-delivery orders, and rewards catalog purchases. rewards points are earned on all beverages in every auto-delivery purchase and are not redeemable for cash. free standard shipping to contiguous u.s. addresses on all orders of $35 or more, after any promo codes, discounts, and coupons are applied. keurig® reserves the right to cancel, remove, or make changes to the products and/or product pricing available under this offer, replace out of stock products with alternatives, or make changes to the offer at any time without notice. all trademarks are the property of their respective owners, used with permission. coffee maker discounts & more ❮ 20% off or more on coffee makers use code: cozybrew20 shop now ends 1/30. see details *offer valid for 20% off accessories and select coffee makers purchased on www.keurig.com or on the keurig® app through 11:59 p.m. pst on 01/30/24. code cannot be used with sale priced brewers. does not include keurig® outlet products, signature mug, keurig® k-compact® coffee maker, keurig® k-express® coffee maker, keurig® k155 officepro® premier brewing system, my keurig® custom coffee makers, illy® products, or any keurig® bundles. enter code cozybrew20 in the “coupon(s)” box during checkout. free standard shipping to contiguous u.s. addresses on all brewers and orders of $35 or more, after any promo codes, discounts, and coupons are applied. cannot be combined with sale priced coffee makers, other offers, previous purchases, or auto-delivery orders. keurig reserves the right to cancel, remove, or make changes to the products and/or product pricing available under this offer at any time. all trademarks are the property of their respective owners, used with permission. $150 off k-duo® special edition coffee maker as a keurig starter kit no code required build your kit ends 1/30.cancellation fees & restrictions apply. see details *offer valid for 75% off list price of a k-duo special edition, while supplies last. offer is only valid with 12-month purchase commitment of 16 boxes of 20/22/24ct or 16 bags of coffee, delivered over 4 orders with a minimum of 4 boxes/bags per order. if 12-month commitment is not satisfied, keurig® will charge you the balance of the list price of the coffee maker. each auto-delivery order will be 25% off list price on most pods and bagged coffee and will ship every 2-12 weeks as designated by the customer, while supplies last. four 20/22/24ct boxes/bags per order count toward the annual commitment. 44-48ct sizes count as 2 boxes/bags towards the commitment, 60-72ct count as 3, 80-96ct count as 4. dunkin donuts® original blend coffee 44ct and cinnamin’ nutmeg coffee 60ct and all variety packs count as one box/bag towards the commitment. if box/bag commitment is not met, the coffee maker balance keurig® will charge is calculated based on list price of coffee maker from the date of initial purchase & auto-delivery enrollment. credit cards on file for the auto-delivery subscription program must have an expiration date more than 6 months from coffee maker purchase date. keurig® starter kit offer limited to one email address and one shipping address per subscription. free standard shipping for all orders $35 or more to contiguous u.s. addresses (excluding ak, hi, pr addresses). once the commitment is reached, you will continue to remain in auto-delivery and receive 25% off most beverages or you can cancel commitment free. auto-delivery offer excludes illy® k-cup® pods, and keurig love blend™ variety pack. cannot be combined with other offers, not valid toward gift certificates, previous purchases, non-auto-delivery orders, and rewards catalog purchases. rewards points are earned on all beverages in every auto-delivery purchase and are not redeemable for cash. auto-delivery orders process and ship monday - friday. keurig® reserves the right to cancel, remove, or make changes to the products and/or product pricing available under this offer, replace out of stock products with alternatives, or make changes to the offer at any time without notice. offer only valid at www.keurig.com. keurig’s terms of use apply. all trademarks are the property of their respective owners, used with permission. get 50% off k-cup® pods when you register your new coffee maker. register now limit 5 boxes. see details *for each new keurig® coffee maker you register within a year of purchase, you are eligible to receive a promotion code (limit three per household). register your brewer at the following link  https://www.keurig.com/appliances/register-brewer  and you will receive a unique coupon code via email to redeem the offer. offer valid for 50% off 5 boxes or fewer of select k-cup® or rivo® pods, bagged coffee, canned coffee, coffee shots and cold brew purchased on www.keurig.com, while supplies last. coupon is one-time use only and is valid through 11:59 p.m. pst 30 days from brewer registration date. valid only on 24ct or smaller boxes of k-cup® pods. free standard shipping to u.s. addresses, only on orders $35 or more, after any promo codes, discounts, or coupons are applied. coupon cannot be combined with other offers, does not include keurig® bundles, or any illy® k-cup® pods, is not valid on previous purchases, rewards catalog purchases, or auto-delivery orders, and is not redeemable for cash. offer only valid at keurig.com. keurig reserves the right to cancel, remove or make changes to the products and/or product pricing available under this offer at any time without notice. keurig’s website terms of use also apply. after online registration is verified, a coupon code will be provided in a confirmation email sent to the email address associated with the online account you create or use at the time of registration. note: you do not need to be opted into keurig.com promotional emails to receive this unique code. your information will be used in accordance with our privacy policy. it may take up to one week to verify online registrations and process a coupon code request. the coupon code will allow you to apply the discount during the online checkout process for a future order. once the coupon code is entered in the coupon code box during checkout, 50% of the price (up to 5 select boxes) will be taken off (excluding tax). contact keurig customer service with questions: (7 a.m. - 12 a.m. est) 866-901-brew (866-901-2739). void where prohibited or taxed. 20% off accessories use code: cozybrew20 shop now ends 1/30. see details *offer valid for 20% off accessories and select coffee makers purchased on www.keurig.com or on the keurig® app through 11:59 p.m. pst on 01/30/24. code cannot be used with sale priced brewers. does not include keurig® outlet products, signature mug, keurig® k-compact® coffee maker, keurig® k-express® coffee maker, keurig® k155 officepro® premier brewing system, my keurig® custom coffee makers, illy® products, or any keurig® bundles. enter code cozybrew20 in the “coupon(s)” box during checkout. free standard shipping to contiguous u.s. addresses on all brewers and orders of $35 or more, after any promo codes, discounts, and coupons are applied. cannot be combined with sale priced coffee makers, other offers, previous purchases, or auto-delivery orders. keurig reserves the right to cancel, remove, or make changes to the products and/or product pricing available under this offer at any time. all trademarks are the property of their respective owners, used with permission. new low priced coffee makers no code needed shop now get 1 free box of coffee with the purchase of select brewers use code: freebox4me shop now ends 1/31/2024. see details *offer valid for one (1) free box of k-cup® pods (up to 24-count) or one (1) bag of coffee with the purchase of select coffee makers on www.keurig.com or on the keurig® app through 11:59 p.m. pst on 01/31/2024 while supplies last. free pods are not valid with the purchase of k-café® smart, k-supreme® smart, k-supreme plus® smart, k-iced™, k-express®, k155 officepro coffee makers, or any my keurig® custom coffee makers. free pods do not include any box counts over 24-count, any keurig® bundles. offer not valid on illy® k-cup® pods. enter code freebox4me in the coupon(s) box during checkout. cannot be combined with other offers including keurig starter kit. not valid toward gift certificates, previous purchases, auto-delivery orders or rewards catalog purchases. keurig’s terms of use also apply. keurig reserves the right to cancel, remove, or make changes to the products and/or product pricing available under this offer at any time without notice. all trademarks are the property of their respective owners, used with permission. ❯ big everyday deals ❮ 30% off all cleaning & maintenance accessories use code: brewlikenew30 shop now ends 2/29/2024. see details *offer valid for $10 off per box of k-cup® pods 20ct or larger purchased on keurig.com or on the keurig® app through 11:59 p.m. pst on 02/29/24. limit 5 boxes. does not include illy® k-cup® pods, or any keurig® bundles. enter code 10offbrew in the “coupon(s)” box during checkout. offer is not valid with the purchase of k-cafe(r) smart, k-supreme(r) smart, k-supreme plus(r) smart, k-express(r), k155 officepro coffee makers or my keurig® custom coffee makers. cannot be combined with other offers including keurig starter kit. not valid toward gift certificates, previous purchases or auto-delivery orders. free standard shipping to contiguous u.s. addresses on all brewers and orders of $35 or more, after any promo codes, discounts, and coupons are applied. keurig reserves the right to cancel, remove, or make changes to the products and/or product pricing available under this offer at any time. all trademarks are the property of their respective owners, used with permission. free shipping free standard shipping on brewers and orders over $35 get 50% off k-cup® pods when you register your new coffee maker. shop now limit 5 boxes. see details *for each new keurig® coffee maker you register within a year of purchase, you are eligible to receive a promotion code (limit three per household). register your brewer at the following link https://www.keurig.com/appliances/register-brewer and you will receive a unique coupon code via email to redeem the offer. offer valid for 50% off 5 boxes or fewer of select k-cup® or rivo® pods, bagged coffee, canned coffee, coffee shots and cold brew purchased on www.keurig.com, while supplies last. coupon is one-time use only and is valid through 11:59 p.m. pst 30 days from brewer registration date. valid only on 24ct or smaller boxes of k-cup® pods. free standard shipping to u.s. addresses, only on orders $35 or more, after any promo codes, discounts, or coupons are applied. coupon cannot be combined with other offers, does not include keurig® bundles, or any illy® k-cup® pods, is not valid on previous purchases, rewards catalog purchases, or auto-delivery orders, and is not redeemable for cash. offer only valid at keurig.com. keurig reserves the right to cancel, remove or make changes to the products and/or product pricing available under this offer at any time without notice. keurig’s website terms of use also apply. after online registration is verified, a coupon code will be provided in a confirmation email sent to the email address associated with the online account you create or use at the time of registration. note: you do not need to be opted into keurig.com promotional emails to receive this unique code. your information will be used in accordance with our privacy policy. it may take up to one week to verify online registrations and process a coupon code request. the coupon code will allow you to apply the discount during the online checkout process for a future order. once the coupon code is entered in the coupon code box during checkout, 50% of the price (up to 5 select boxes) will be taken off (excluding tax). contact keurig customer service with questions: (7 a.m. - 12 a.m. est) 866-901-brew (866-901-2739). void where prohibited or taxed. get 1 free box of coffee with the purchase of select brewers no code needed shop now ends 1/31/2024. see details *offer valid for one (1) free box of k-cup® pods (up to 24-count) or one (1) bag of coffee with the purchase of select coffee makers on www.keurig.com or on the keurig® app through 11:59 p.m. pst on 01/31/2024 while supplies last. free pods are not valid with the purchase of k-café® smart, k-supreme® smart, k-supreme plus® smart, k-iced™, k-express®, k155 officepro coffee makers, or any my keurig® custom coffee makers. free pods do not include any box counts over 24-count, any keurig® bundles. offer not valid on illy® k-cup® pods. enter code freebox4me in the coupon(s) box during checkout. cannot be combined with other offers including keurig starter kit. not valid toward gift certificates, previous purchases, auto-delivery orders or rewards catalog purchases. keurig’s terms of use also apply. keurig reserves the right to cancel, remove, or make changes to the products and/or product pricing available under this offer at any time without notice. all trademarks are the property of their respective owners, used with permission. new low prices on select popular k-cup® pods no code needed shop now ❯ save big oncoffee makers treat yourself to great coffee. shop now don't miss a single deal get the latest offers and news delivered right to your inbox. sign up submitting your email address is subject to our privacy policy. find a store customer support: 866-901-brew(2739) follow us twitter instagram facebook shop coffee makers beverages iced orders track your order returns auto delivery orders helpful info register your appliance support product recall business solutions site map contact us ca privacy rights do not sell my personal informationkeurig perks terms and conditions about us about us news careers sustainability rewards program accepted payment methods join our mailing list stay up-to-date with the latest news and new arrivals direct to your inbox. sign up select country select countryunited statescanada © keurig green mountain, inc. - all rights reserved terms of use privacy policy modern slavery act all trademarks are the property of their respective owners, used with permission.