来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20231231132153/https://www.keurig.com/perks/terms
================================================================================

keurig perks terms and conditions skip to main content home keurig perks terms and conditions keurig perks terms and conditions by enrolling in, or otherwise participating in, the keurig perks loyalty program (“program”) you agree to be bound by these terms and conditions, and the privacy policy, including the california privacy rights policy, and terms of use posted on keurig.com, including the binding arbitration. please note: the binding arbitration provision requires disputes for users in the u.s. and certain other countries to be arbitrated on an individual basis, and prohibits class action claims. it affects your legal rights as detailed in the "arbitration and class waiver" section of the terms of use. by accepting these terms of use, you agree to be bound by this arbitration provision and class action waiver. please read it carefully. keurig reserves the right to change, amend or cancel the program or your membership at any time, at its discretion, without further notice to you; you waive any right to specific individual notice of such modifications. such changes may affect previously earned points and rewards. points earned on purchases have no cash value, are not transferable and are not redeemable for cash. any updates to these terms and conditions will be effective immediately upon posting at https://www.keurig.com/perks/terms, and your continued membership in the program constitutes your acceptance of such modifications. program description keurig perks loyalty program is open to subscribers of keurig auto-delivery programs, who purchase qualifying k-cup® pods, bagged or canned coffee, and select accessories (collectively “products”) through either scheduled auto-delivery or smart delivery (collectively “auto-delivery”). link to qualifying products here, which are subject to change. members earn points for auto-delivery purchases on keurig.com or on the keurig app. auto-delivery members are automatically enrolled in keurig perks. coming soon! consumers with smart brewers that are connected via wi-fi earn points for brewing select k-cup® pods. this feature is planned for launch by the end of summer 2023. eligibility the program is open to individuals who are residents of the united states and are at least eighteen (18) years old. product resellers are not eligible to participate in the program. we reserve the right to request proof of eligibility at any time. how to enroll new subscribers: users must purchase products through either scheduled auto-delivery or smart delivery programs on keurig.com or the keurig app. enrollment in keurig perks is automatic with a scheduled auto-delivery or smart delivery purchase. auto-delivery is subject to delivery terms and may be canceled at any time.purchase requires the establishment of a keurig account and to provide a name, address, email address, credit card, and phone number. coming soon. register and connect a smart brewer. by registering the smart brewer you will be creating a keurig account and will need to provide your name, address, email address and phone number. if you are also subscribing to auto-delivery, you will need to provide credit card information. existing auto-delivery subscribers and owners of a registered smart brewer will be automatically enrolled upon program launch. there is a limit of one (1) account per person and accounts cannot be shared or transferred. you are responsible for maintaining the security of your account, and you are responsible for all activities that occur under your account. if you believe your account has been compromised at any time, you must notify us immediately. how to earn keurig perks points members earn points for every dollar spent (excluding taxes and shipping fees, if applicable) on products purchased from keurig.com or in the keurig app through an auto-delivery program, excluding non-recurring items in the first order only. non-recurring items are beverages and accessories that are not scheduled to be in a further auto-delivery shipment. one-time beverage and accessory items added to subsequent recurring orders will accrue points. by december 31, 2023, smart brewer owners can earn one point for each qualifying keurig k-cup® pod brewed while connected to wi-fi. points are issued as follows: 10 points for each dollar ($1) spent (excluding tax and shipping, if applicable) on k-cup® pods and bagged or canned coffee. partial points cannot be accrued and will be rounded down. as an example, an order at $14.99 will accrue 149 points. 10 points for each dollar ($1) spent (excluding tax and shipping, if applicable) on select accessories. partial points cannot be accrued and will be rounded down. as an example, an order at $14.99 will accrue 149 points. 1 point for each keurig k-cup® pod brewed on a smart brewer while connected to wi-fi, up to a maximum of 10 points per day. see details below on qualifying pods. if you return a product, the points issued on the product will be deducted from your account. members can view their points in the my account section of keurig.com and keurig® app. it may take up to seven business days for points to be visible in the account. you are responsible for ensuring that the point balance in your account is correct. if you believe that you did not receive points or that there is some other error in your account, you must contact us within 10 days of the date you expected to earn the points. we will investigate any issues, but keurig’s good faith determination of the amount of points you should have shall be final and binding. rewards and expiration for each 2400 points earned, a reward will automatically be issued. rewards expire in 90 days from the date they are issued if they are not assigned to a future auto-delivery shipment. how to redeem a reward for each reward, members may select a free box of k-cup® pods, up to 24 count, or a free or discounted select accessory from the rewards catalog and assign the item to a future auto-delivery order or designate an existing box of pods, up to 24 count, as free in an existing auto-delivery order. for example, if there are 4 different varieties of 22 count boxes in the current auto-delivery order, the reward will be valid for only 22 pods. items available in the rewards catalog are subject to change. members may choose to redeem the reward for a 20, 22 or 24 count free box, but if a box smaller than 24 count is selected, the entire reward will be used. members cannot redeem rewards for k-cup® boxes that are part of a keurig starter kit program commitment. keurig starter kit subscribers accrue points like other auto-delivery subscribers but can only redeem rewards once the commitment has been met. to redeem a reward the member must assign the reward to a specific item (an existing item or an item added to the cart) in an existing auto-delivery order or create a new auto-delivery order. once a reward has been assigned to an order, it can be removed from the order during the 90 day period in which it is valid and before the order ships, but must still be used or assigned to an order within the 90 day period. if a reward is assigned to an order that is scheduled to ship after the 90 day period, then the reward cannot be removed from that order and reassigned. if the order outside of the 90 day reward window is cancelled, the reward will be forfeited. rewards cannot be used outside on an auto-delivery order and cannot be assigned to another account. a maximum of five (5) rewards may be applied to any single order. point expiration points expire after 1 year of inactivity on a member account. that means no purchases are made or no deliveries are shipped through auto-delivery or standalone orders. cancelling auto-delivery and keurig perks members may unenroll in the program by contacting customer service at 866-901-brew(2739) or contact us, or in their member account. points will stop accruing for both auto-delivery orders and for smart brew. cancellation of auto-delivery will automatically unenroll from the program. marketing communications and emails, other than keurig perks communications and emails, will continue unless separately unsubscribed. any issued but not redeemed rewards will be cancelled upon their expiration date and points will not be returned to the account. earned points below the reward threshold will remain in the account for a period of twelve months. members may re-enroll by creating a new auto-delivery subscription. earning points with smart brewer once the feature is enabled, one (1) point will be earned each time a keurig manufactured k-cup® pod or rinse pod is brewed on a smart brewer while connected to wi-fi, up to a maximum of 10 points per day. members do not need to be enrolled in auto-delivery to receive points for brewing but do need to maintain a keurig perks account and have their smart brewer connected. hot water only, my k-cup refillable pods, and brews with previously punched lids (i.e., they have already been inserted and “punched” with a multi-stream needles) are excluded and do not earn points. manufactured pod brands 1850®, adagio®, amazonfresh, baileys®, barista prima coffeehouse®, bigelow®, blk & bold®, bowl & basket™, brûlerie mont royal®, café bustelo®, café escapes®, cafe gila, caribou coffee®, celestial seasonings®, cinnabon®, coffee people®, community coffee, cool beans™, country style, diedrich® coffee, donut house collection®, dunkin'®, eight o'clock®, emeril®, executive suite®, folgers®, frank™, french market®, gëvalia, gloria jean's coffee, green mountain coffee roasters®, green mountain coffee® coffeehouse, green mountain coffee® organic, green mountain coffee® reserve, green mountain®, harris teeter™, hershey's, ihop®, illy®, intelligentsia coffee, irresistibles, java roast™, kahlúa®, keurig love blend™, keurig®, kirkland signature™, krispy kreme®, kroger®, laughing man® coffee, laura secord®, lavazza, lipton®, luzianne®, market basket®, maxwell house, mccafé®, melitta®, mott's®, new england coffee®, newman's own® organics, orient express, our finest™, panera®, peet's coffee®, private selection®, red rose, revv®, royal cup®, seattle's best coffee®, selection™, shazam™, simple truth organic™, snapple, starbucks®, swiss miss®, tazo®, tetley®, the original donut shop®, tim hortons®, timothy's®, tully's®, twinings of london®, van houtte®, vitamin burst, york, yuban®. additional benefit of keurig perks special offers for members may be distributed by email to the address associated with the account, through the app (including via push notifications), or by physical mail. you may be required to opt-in and activate special offers via the app or via email. special offers may be customized based on your purchase behaviors and preferences, and may include periodic discounts on beverages or accessories, or the opportunity to earn bonus points or rewards. read each offer carefully for details, limitations, and certain restrictions, including expiration dates and short, time-limited redemption periods. special offers are valid only for the receiving member and cannot be shared, copied, or transferred. miscellaneous keurig reserves the right to terminate a member's account and/or participation, including canceling points and rewards, in the program if it believes the member has violated the privacy policy, online terms of use, or these terms and conditions, or if the use of the member's account is unauthorized, fraudulent or otherwise unlawful or in violation of any of those policies or terms. keurig also reserves the right to cancel points credited to a member’s account if it is determined that (a) points were incorrectly posted to the member’s account, or (b) points were obtained fraudulently. keurig reserves the right to change, modify or terminate the program, points, rewards, or any or all benefits under the program or any policy pertaining to the program, at any time, for any reason, including our right to change the expiration date or redemption value of points or rewards, merge the program with another program, or to adjust how points or rewards are received, calculated or redeemed. find a store customer support: 866-901-brew(2739) follow us twitter instagram facebook shop coffee makers beverages iced orders track your order returns auto delivery orders helpful info register your appliance support product recall business solutions site map contact us ca privacy rights do not sell my personal informationkeurig perks terms and conditions about us about us news careers sustainability rewards program accepted payment methods join our mailing list stay up-to-date with the latest news and new arrivals direct to your inbox. sign up select country select countryunited statescanada © keurig green mountain, inc. - all rights reserved terms of use privacy policy modern slavery act all trademarks are the property of their respective owners, used with permission.