来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20231231132153/https://www.keurig.com/brewer-starter-kit?cm_sp=Get-Started-_-Top-Nav-_-brewerstarterkit
================================================================================

keurig® starter kit skip to main content supportsupportaccountcartkeurig® starter kitstart auto-deliverybeveragescoffee makersaccessoriesdealsrecipes & moresustainabilityperksregister coffee makerregister coffee makersupportquick reordercartsign outoutlet up to 30% price drop - new low prices here to stay! limited time: get the k-slim® coffee maker for $89.99 up to 40% off beverages and accessories in the outlet! shop now get 50% off k-cup® pods when you register your new coffee maker. register now see details *for each new keurig® coffee maker you register within a year of purchase, you are eligible to receive a promotion code (limit three per household). offer valid for 50% off 5 boxes or fewer of select k-cup® or rivo® pods, bagged coffee, canned coffee, coffee shots and cold brew purchased on www.keurig.com, while supplies last. coupon is one-time use only and is valid through 11:59 p.m. pst 30 days from brewer registration date. valid only on 24ct or smaller boxes of k-cup® pods. free standard shipping to u.s. addresses, only on orders $29 or more, after any promo codes, discounts, or coupons are applied. coupon cannot be combined with other offers, does not include keurig® bundles, or any illy® k-cup® pods, is not valid on previous purchases, rewards catalog purchases, or auto-delivery orders, and is not redeemable for cash. offer only valid at keurig.com. keurig reserves the right to cancel, remove or make changes to the products and/or product pricing available under this offer at any time without notice. keurig’s website terms of use also apply. after online registration is verified, a coupon code will be provided in a confirmation email sent to the email address associated with the online account you create or use at the time of registration. note: you do not need to be opted into keurig.com promotional emails to receive this unique code. your information will be used in accordance with our privacy policy. it may take up to one week to verify online registrations and process a coupon code request. the coupon code will allow you to apply the discount during the online checkout process for a future order. once the coupon code is entered in the coupon code box during checkout, 50% of the price (up to 5 select boxes) will be taken off (excluding tax). contact keurig customer service with questions: (7 a.m. - 12 a.m. est) 866-901-brew (866-901-2739). void where prohibited or taxed. homekeurig® starter kit build your starter kit& earn points toward free coffee build your kit step 1 choose your savings get our best available deal on top-selling coffee makers, 50% off or more. step 2 select your beverages auto-delivery and perks members save 25% on recurring and one-time orders. step 3 set your delivery schedule decide when you want your auto-delivery to arrive or get pods only when needed with smart auto-delivery. step 4 earn perks points earn 10 points for every $1 spent on select beverages, coffee makers, and accessories 50% off smart coffee makers up to $125 off coffee maker with smart delivery 12-box annual commitment members save 25% and earn points on every order + one point for every cup brewed with brewid® up to $125 off coffee maker with smart delivery 12-box annual commitment members save 25% and earn points on every order + one point for every cup brewed with brewid® get started cancellation fees & restrictions apply. see details receive 50% off a k-supreme plus® smart single serve coffee maker, k-café® smart single serve coffee maker, or 72% off a k-supreme® smart single serve coffee maker with a purchase commitment of 12 boxes of 20/22/24ct of enrolled pods over a period of 12 months (minimum of 3 shipments), with a maximum of 8 boxes per order, through smart auto-delivery or converted scheduled auto-delivery. four 20/22/24ct boxes/bags per order count toward the annual commitment, additional boxes do not count. 44-48ct sizes count as 2 boxes/bags towards the commitment, 60-72ct count as 3, 80-96ct count as 4. all variety packs count as one box/bag towards the commitment. once the commitment is reached, you will continue to remain an auto-delivery subscriber and receive 25% off the list price of most beverages. if the 12-box commitment is not satisfied within 12 months, keurig will charge you the remaining 50% or 60% as applicable of the list price at the time of original purchase of the coffee maker. offer only valid on keurig.com or though the keurig® app.enrolled pods are varieties of pods that have been added to your auto-delivery account either (1) at the time of purchase of your brewer or (2) through a subsequent auto-delivery order. only auto-delivery enrolled pods count towards your 12-box commitment. enrolled pods ordered through auto-delivery are 25% off the list price at the time of shipment. select pods are excluded from auto-delivery.smart delivery requires your smart coffee maker to be connected to wi-fi so that keurig can track the consumption of enrolled pods. by signing up for smart delivery, you agree to (1) let keurig.com observe brewer consumption patterns, (2) automatically replenish your supply of an enrolled pod when the inventory is running low as determined by keurig and (3) charge your preferred method of payment saved in your account. each variety of enrolled pods may have a different consumption pattern and may be on a different delivery schedule. the quantity of enrolled pods shipped is based on your average daily consumption and may be greater or fewer than your initial order. you can also adjust the number of pods you have at home manually in my account or by calling consumer care. free standard shipping for all orders $35 or more (excluding tax) to contiguous u.s. addresses (excluding ak, hi, pr addresses).you will receive notice before any shipment and you may adjust or cancel your order until 11:59 pm est on the day before your order is scheduled to ship by logging into your keurig account or by calling customer care at 866-901-2739.connecting your smart coffee maker to wi-fi is required for keurig to track the consumption of enrolled pods. if you have not connected your smart coffee maker within 60 days of purchase and brewed an initial pod while connected, keurig® will automatically convert your smart delivery enrollment to a scheduled auto-delivery enrollment. a scheduled auto-delivery will send your initial order of enrolled pods every 6 weeks to help you reach your 16-box commitment. credit cards on file for the auto-delivery subscription program must have an expiration date more than 6 months from coffee maker purchase date. additionally, you may convert back to smart delivery by connecting your brewer to wi-fi and reenrolling in smart delivery. get started cancellation fees & restrictions apply. see details receive 50% off a k-supreme plus® smart single serve coffee maker, k-café® smart single serve coffee maker, or 72% off a k-supreme® smart single serve coffee maker with a purchase commitment of 12 boxes of 20/22/24ct of enrolled pods over a period of 12 months (minimum of 3 shipments), with a maximum of 8 boxes per order, through smart auto-delivery or converted scheduled auto-delivery. four 20/22/24ct boxes/bags per order count toward the annual commitment, additional boxes do not count. 44-48ct sizes count as 2 boxes/bags towards the commitment, 60-72ct count as 3, 80-96ct count as 4. all variety packs count as one box/bag towards the commitment. once the commitment is reached, you will continue to remain an auto-delivery subscriber and receive 25% off the list price of most beverages. if the 12-box commitment is not satisfied within 12 months, keurig will charge you the remaining 50% or 60% as applicable of the list price at the time of original purchase of the coffee maker. offer only valid on keurig.com or though the keurig® app.enrolled pods are varieties of pods that have been added to your auto-delivery account either (1) at the time of purchase of your brewer or (2) through a subsequent auto-delivery order. only auto-delivery enrolled pods count towards your 12-box commitment. enrolled pods ordered through auto-delivery are 25% off the list price at the time of shipment. select pods are excluded from auto-delivery.smart delivery requires your smart coffee maker to be connected to wi-fi so that keurig can track the consumption of enrolled pods. by signing up for smart delivery, you agree to (1) let keurig.com observe brewer consumption patterns, (2) automatically replenish your supply of an enrolled pod when the inventory is running low as determined by keurig and (3) charge your preferred method of payment saved in your account. each variety of enrolled pods may have a different consumption pattern and may be on a different delivery schedule. the quantity of enrolled pods shipped is based on your average daily consumption and may be greater or fewer than your initial order. you can also adjust the number of pods you have at home manually in my account or by calling consumer care. free standard shipping for all orders $35 or more (excluding tax) to contiguous u.s. addresses (excluding ak, hi, pr addresses).you will receive notice before any shipment and you may adjust or cancel your order until 11:59 pm est on the day before your order is scheduled to ship by logging into your keurig account or by calling customer care at 866-901-2739.connecting your smart coffee maker to wi-fi is required for keurig to track the consumption of enrolled pods. if you have not connected your smart coffee maker within 60 days of purchase and brewed an initial pod while connected, keurig® will automatically convert your smart delivery enrollment to a scheduled auto-delivery enrollment. a scheduled auto-delivery will send your initial order of enrolled pods every 6 weeks to help you reach your 16-box commitment. credit cards on file for the auto-delivery subscription program must have an expiration date more than 6 months from coffee maker purchase date. additionally, you may convert back to smart delivery by connecting your brewer to wi-fi and reenrolling in smart delivery. 50% off coffee makers up to $115 off coffee maker with scheduled delivery 16-box annual commitment members save 25% and earn points on every order up to $115 off brewer with scheduled delivery 16-box annual commitment members save 25% and earn points on every order get started cancellation fees & restrictions apply. see details keurig® starter kit - 50% off traditional brewers keurig® starter kit 50% off coffee maker: receive 50% off your purchase of keurig® k-classic®, k-duo®, k-duo plus®, k-duo® special edition, k-supreme plus®, k-supreme®, k-café® barista bar, k-elite®, k-café®, k-café® special edition, k-slim + iced™, k-supreme®, k-mini plus®, k-select®, k-slim®, or k-iced™ single serve coffee maker maker, while supplies last. offer is only valid with 12-month purchase commitment of 16 boxes of 20/22/24ct or 16 bags of coffee, delivered over 4 orders with a minimum of 4 boxes/bags per order through auto-delivery. if the 16-box commitment is not satisfied within 12 months, keurig will charge you the remaining 50% of the list price at the time of the original purchase of the coffee maker. you will receive notice before any shipment and you may adjust or cancel your order until 11:59 pm est on the day before your order is scheduled to ship by logging into your keurig account or by calling customer care at 866-901-2739. enrolled pods are varieties of pods that have been added to your auto-delivery account either (1) at the time of purchase of your brewer or (2) through a subsequent auto-delivery order. only auto-delivery enrolled pods count towards your 16-box commitment. enrolled pods ordered through auto-delivery are 25% off the list price at the time of shipment. select pods are excluded from auto-delivery. each auto-delivery order will be 25% off list price at the time of shipment on enrolled pods and bagged coffee and will ship every 2-10 weeks as designated by the customer. four 20/22/24ct boxes/bags per order count toward the annual commitment. more than 4 boxes or bags per order will not count toward the commitment. four 20/22/24ct boxes/bags per order count toward the annual commitment. 44-48ct sizes count as 2 boxes/bags towards the commitment, 60-72ct count as 3, 80-96ct count as 4. all variety packs count as one box/bag towards the commitment. if box/bag commitment is not met, the coffee maker balance keurig® will charge is calculated based on list price of coffee maker from the date of initial purchase & auto-delivery enrollment. credit cards on file for the auto-delivery subscription program must have an expiration date more than 6 months from coffee maker purchase date. keurig® starter kit offer limited to one email address and one shipping address per subscription. free standard shipping for all orders $35 or more (excluding tax) to contiguous u.s. addresses (excluding ak, hi, pr addresses). once the commitment is reached, you will continue to remain an auto-delivery subscriber and receive 25% off most beverages or you can cancel commitment free. ***auto-delivery and smart delivery subscribers receive 25% off list price on most pods, bagged coffee, and select accessories for all new and existing auto-delivery orders on www.keurig.com or thought the keurig® app for as long as you remain active in auto-delivery. list price may vary. auto-delivery offer excludes limited edition, illy® k-cup® pods, and green mountain coffee roasters® reserve coffees. no coupon code needed during checkout. redeem order savings by selecting 'auto-delivery' for beverages and select accessories in your cart. cannot be combined with other offers, non-auto-delivery orders, or rewards catalog purchases. credit cards on file for the auto-delivery subscription program must have an expiration date more than 6 months from coffee maker purchase date. you will receive notice before any shipment and you may adjust or cancel your order until 11:59 pm est on the day before your order is scheduled to ship by logging into your keurig account or by calling customer care . keurig® reserves the right to cancel, remove, or make changes to the products and/or product pricing available under this offer, replace out of stock products with alternatives, or make changes to the offer at any time without notice. offer only valid at www.keurig.com or through the keurig® app. get started cancellation fees & restrictions apply. see details keurig® starter kit - 50% off traditional brewers keurig® starter kit 50% off coffee maker: receive 50% off your purchase of keurig® k-classic®, k-duo®, k-duo plus®, k-duo® special edition, k-supreme plus®, k-supreme®, k-café® barista bar, k-elite®, k-café®, k-café® special edition, k-slim + iced™, k-supreme®, k-mini plus®, k-select®, k-slim®, or k-iced™ single serve coffee maker maker, while supplies last. offer is only valid with 12-month purchase commitment of 16 boxes of 20/22/24ct or 16 bags of coffee, delivered over 4 orders with a minimum of 4 boxes/bags per order through auto-delivery. if the 16-box commitment is not satisfied within 12 months, keurig will charge you the remaining 50% of the list price at the time of the original purchase of the coffee maker. you will receive notice before any shipment and you may adjust or cancel your order until 11:59 pm est on the day before your order is scheduled to ship by logging into your keurig account or by calling customer care at 866-901-2739. enrolled pods are varieties of pods that have been added to your auto-delivery account either (1) at the time of purchase of your brewer or (2) through a subsequent auto-delivery order. only auto-delivery enrolled pods count towards your 16-box commitment. enrolled pods ordered through auto-delivery are 25% off the list price at the time of shipment. select pods are excluded from auto-delivery. each auto-delivery order will be 25% off list price at the time of shipment on enrolled pods and bagged coffee and will ship every 2-10 weeks as designated by the customer. four 20/22/24ct boxes/bags per order count toward the annual commitment. more than 4 boxes or bags per order will not count toward the commitment. four 20/22/24ct boxes/bags per order count toward the annual commitment. 44-48ct sizes count as 2 boxes/bags towards the commitment, 60-72ct count as 3, 80-96ct count as 4. all variety packs count as one box/bag towards the commitment. if box/bag commitment is not met, the coffee maker balance keurig® will charge is calculated based on list price of coffee maker from the date of initial purchase & auto-delivery enrollment. credit cards on file for the auto-delivery subscription program must have an expiration date more than 6 months from coffee maker purchase date. keurig® starter kit offer limited to one email address and one shipping address per subscription. free standard shipping for all orders $35 or more (excluding tax) to contiguous u.s. addresses (excluding ak, hi, pr addresses). once the commitment is reached, you will continue to remain an auto-delivery subscriber and receive 25% off most beverages or you can cancel commitment free. ***auto-delivery and smart delivery subscribers receive 25% off list price on most pods, bagged coffee, and select accessories for all new and existing auto-delivery orders on www.keurig.com or thought the keurig® app for as long as you remain active in auto-delivery. list price may vary. auto-delivery offer excludes limited edition, illy® k-cup® pods, and green mountain coffee roasters® reserve coffees. no coupon code needed during checkout. redeem order savings by selecting 'auto-delivery' for beverages and select accessories in your cart. cannot be combined with other offers, non-auto-delivery orders, or rewards catalog purchases. credit cards on file for the auto-delivery subscription program must have an expiration date more than 6 months from coffee maker purchase date. you will receive notice before any shipment and you may adjust or cancel your order until 11:59 pm est on the day before your order is scheduled to ship by logging into your keurig account or by calling customer care . keurig® reserves the right to cancel, remove, or make changes to the products and/or product pricing available under this offer, replace out of stock products with alternatives, or make changes to the offer at any time without notice. offer only valid at www.keurig.com or through the keurig® app. today's deal k-duo® special edition $49.99 $199.99 $150 off coffee maker with scheduled delivery 25% off k-cup® pods earn points toward free coffee $49.99 $199.99 $150 off coffee maker with scheduled delivery 25% off k-cup® pods earn points toward free coffee get the deal ends 1/30. see details *offer valid for 75% off list price of a keurig® k-duo® special edition coffee maker, while supplies last. offer is only valid with 12-month purchase commitment of 16 boxes of 20/22/24ct or 16 bags of coffee, delivered over 4 orders with a minimum of 4 boxes/bags per order. if 12-month commitment is not satisfied, keurig® will charge you the balance of the list price of the coffee maker.each auto-delivery order will be 25% off list price on most pods and bagged coffee and will ship every 2-12 weeks as designated by the customer, while supplies last. four 20/22/24ct boxes/bags per order count toward the annual commitment. 44-48ct sizes count as 2 boxes/bags towards the commitment, 60-72ct count as 3, 80-96ct count as 4. dunkin donuts® original blend coffee 44ct and cinnamin’ nutmeg coffee 60ct and all variety packs count as one box/bag towards the commitment. if box/bag commitment is not met, the coffee maker balance keurig® will charge is calculated based on list price of coffee maker from the date of initial purchase & auto-delivery enrollment. credit cards on file for the auto-delivery subscription program must have an expiration date more than 6 months from coffee maker purchase date. keurig® starter kit offer limited to one email address and one shipping address per subscription. free standard shipping for all orders $35 or more to contiguous u.s. addresses (excluding ak, hi, pr addresses). once the commitment is reached, you will continue to remain in auto-delivery and receive 25% off most beverages or you can cancel commitment free.auto-delivery offer excludes illy® k-cup® pods, and keurig love blend™ variety pack. cannot be combined with other offers, not valid toward gift certificates, previous purchases, non-auto-delivery orders, and rewards catalog purchases. rewards points are earned on all beverages in every auto-delivery purchase and are not redeemable for cash. auto-delivery orders process and ship monday - friday. keurig® reserves the right to cancel, remove, or make changes to the products and/or product pricing available under this offer, replace out of stock products with alternatives, or make changes to the offer at any time without notice. offer only valid at www.keurig.com. keurig’s terms of use apply. all trademarks are the property of their respective owners, used with permission. get the deal ends 1/30. see details *offer valid for 75% off list price of a keurig® k-duo® special edition coffee maker, while supplies last. offer is only valid with 12-month purchase commitment of 16 boxes of 20/22/24ct or 16 bags of coffee, delivered over 4 orders with a minimum of 4 boxes/bags per order. if 12-month commitment is not satisfied, keurig® will charge you the balance of the list price of the coffee maker.each auto-delivery order will be 25% off list price on most pods and bagged coffee and will ship every 2-12 weeks as designated by the customer, while supplies last. four 20/22/24ct boxes/bags per order count toward the annual commitment. 44-48ct sizes count as 2 boxes/bags towards the commitment, 60-72ct count as 3, 80-96ct count as 4. dunkin donuts® original blend coffee 44ct and cinnamin’ nutmeg coffee 60ct and all variety packs count as one box/bag towards the commitment. if box/bag commitment is not met, the coffee maker balance keurig® will charge is calculated based on list price of coffee maker from the date of initial purchase & auto-delivery enrollment. credit cards on file for the auto-delivery subscription program must have an expiration date more than 6 months from coffee maker purchase date. keurig® starter kit offer limited to one email address and one shipping address per subscription. free standard shipping for all orders $35 or more to contiguous u.s. addresses (excluding ak, hi, pr addresses). once the commitment is reached, you will continue to remain in auto-delivery and receive 25% off most beverages or you can cancel commitment free.auto-delivery offer excludes illy® k-cup® pods, and keurig love blend™ variety pack. cannot be combined with other offers, not valid toward gift certificates, previous purchases, non-auto-delivery orders, and rewards catalog purchases. rewards points are earned on all beverages in every auto-delivery purchase and are not redeemable for cash. auto-delivery orders process and ship monday - friday. keurig® reserves the right to cancel, remove, or make changes to the products and/or product pricing available under this offer, replace out of stock products with alternatives, or make changes to the offer at any time without notice. offer only valid at www.keurig.com. keurig’s terms of use apply. all trademarks are the property of their respective owners, used with permission. ksk litefind a storecustomer support: 866-901-brew(2739)follow usshopcoffee makersbeveragesicedorderstrack your orderreturnsauto delivery ordershelpful inforegister your appliancesupportproduct recallbusiness solutionsite mapcontact usca privacy rightsdo not sell or share my personal informationkeurig perks terms and conditionsabout usabout usnewscareerssustainabilityaccepted paymentjoin our mailing liststay up-to-date with the latest news and new arrivals direct to your inbox.your emailsign upselect countryunited statescanada© 2024 keurig green mountain, inc. - all rights reservedterms of useprivacy policymodern slavery actall trademarks are the property of their respective owners, used with permission.