来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20181231181049/https://www.bissell.com/blog
================================================================================

blog bissell shopping cart exclusive offer for email subscribers! learn more get free shipping on any order over $40!learn more free shipping on any order over $40! place any order over $40 on bissell.com, and your entire purchase will ship free! no coupon code required. start shopping products carpet cleaners upright carpet cleaner » portable carpet cleaner » canister carpet cleaner » vacuums upright vacuum » cordless vacuum » robotic vacuum » canister » handheld » steam and hard floor cleaners steam mop » wet dry vac » stick vac » handheld » sweepers manual sweeper » cordless sweeper » carpet and floor cleaning formulasfebreze freshnesspet accessoriesmops brooms and air quality parts & supplies specials our pet focus product selector my account support register a product contact us blog united states argentina australia austria (österreich) belgium (belgië) belgium (belgique) canada chile china (中国) croatia (hrvatska) czech (česká republika) denmark (danmark) europe finland (suomi) finland (svenska) france germany (deutschland) global bissell hungary (hungária) israel (english) israel (ישראל) italy (italia) japan (日本) korea (한국어) middle east (english) middle east (العربية) netherlands (nederland) new zealand norway (norge) poland (polska) portugal (português) russia (по-русски) spain (españa) sweden (svenska) switzerland (français) switzerland (deutsch) switzerland (italiano) taiwan (台灣) thailand (ประเทศไทย) united kingdom cart search bissell go cancel log in to bissell.com close x * email address: * password: log in forgot password don't have an account? join bissell now! or sign in with your social account we'll never post anything without your permission google facebook google and facebook sign-in are subject to bissell’s privacy policy and terms of use. buy bissell, save pets love your pet, but not the mess bissell is committed to donating up to $1,000,000 each year to bpf, but is on track to far exceed that goal. bissell will donate up to $10 for each pet product purchased* to bpf to help find every pet a home. *requires registration. learn more about how bissell helps save pets. free shipping over $40 free shipping on any order over $40 place any order over $40, and your entire purchase will ship free! no coupon code required. fast & easy checkout a new way to checkout on bissell.com we now offer paypal for fast & easy checkout, in addition to our standard credit card payment option. simply choose the paypal option when you checkout. 30-day satisfaction guarantee our return policy is simple and convenient if you’re not completely satisfied with your purchase, you have 30 days from the delivery date of your original purchase to make a return.* pay just $4.95 in return shipping. *for safety reasons, cleaning formulas cannot be returned. learn more about our 30-day satisfaction guarantee. why shop at bissell.com? home / blog bissell clean sweep blog all cleaning home home cleaning pet relationships pets pets of bissell part 2 we are back with more pets of bissell.  bissell has an open-door pet policy, which means lots of furry friends in our office every day. read more holiday gift guide we love playing santa!  so, let us help you sort through your gift giving this holiday season. we are sure we have the perfect gift for those special people on your list. read more tips for hosting parties with pets tis’ the season for lots and lots of parties.  if you are the pet owning hostess with the mostest and love throwing those holiday get-togethers, make sure your house and your pet(s) are prepared for the festivities. read more pets of bissell we have an open-door pet policy at bissell, which means lots of furry friends in our office every day. since every day is take your dog to work day, we thought it would be fun to introduce some of these pets to you; share their backgrounds, their cute personalities, learn about their owners, and how both pet and owner feel about going to work together! read more time to celebrate adopt a shelter pet month did you know november is adopt a shelter pet month? well if you didn’t, now you do!  at bissell, we are proud to promote adoption and support our company foundation, bissell pet foundation, also known as bpf. read more happy halloween we wanted to wish all of our readers a very happy halloween.  whether it’s you, your kids, or your pets who are dressing up, we love this holiday for more than just an excuse to eat tons of candy. read more bissell pet foundation empties the shelters on october 6, 2018 bissell pet foundation paid all the adoption fees for another empty the shelters event.  guess how many shelters participated in this event??  101, let us repeat, 101 shelters participated in the event across 14 states! read more if your floors could talk could you imagine if your floors could talk? oh, the things they would say. floors take a beating, especially in high traffic areas around your home. read more happy birthday to us bissell turns 142 today! we know, we’re old… and we’re proud of it! read more crosswave® pet pro are you ready to become obsessed with cleaning your hard floors? drumroll please…   one machine, twice the clean. introducing crosswave pet pro all-in-one multi surface wet dry vac. read more make it like new, how to remove number 2 (and other pet messes)… like a pro some pet carpet stains can be pretty gross. don’t worry, we can help! follow these easy steps to clean pet messes up like a pro. read more going live this wednesday, september 12th, the acclaimed “america’s veterinarian” and new york times bestselling author, dr. marty becker, will be featured on the bissell facebook page for a live q&a session. tune in at 11am pst/2pm est as dr. becker discusses how to keep your pets happy and healthy. read more white carpet after labor day it’s a long-running debate. should you wear white after labor day? no matter which way you look at it, we think that carpets should always be white! read more fall is on the way summer is winding down and school is starting.   carpet cleaning might not be top of your list but cleaning carpets during the season change is a great idea to keep your house looking great heading into fall. read more back to school it’s hard to believe the time is almost here… school is starting back up and kids are heading back to college. what is the best way for students to make sure their small living space stays clean? bissell is here to help. read more cleaning routines cleaning your living space can be easy and stress-free, especially if you follow a routine. a great way to keep a consistently clean home is by tackling one area each day. read more de-stress with pets this is simplify your life week and what better way to celebrate, especially at bissell®, than by de-stressing with your pet? read more support the shelters sweepstakes gives back from now until august 1st, our growing network of 3,700 shelter and rescue partners across the u.s. will be begging for votes in the 2nd annual bissell pet foundation support the shelters sweepstakes. the best part about it…you can help choose a winner! read more how to remove summer stains with summer comes lots of parties and with parties come a lot of messes. the bissell oxy stain destroyer can be a lifesaver during the summer. read more new study finds four scents that can relax dogs when i was a little girl, my cat pretzel made it clear that she was not a fan of car rides. luckily, my mom had a brilliant idea.  “let’s put your sweatshirt inside her carrier instead of that blanket,” she suggested. “it’s soft and smells like you. i bet she’ll find it comforting.” read more national kissing day today is national kissing day! what does that mean? time to let your dog lick your face and smooch their nose right back. we scrolled through some of our loyal followers and found some precious smooches that we just had to share. read more top ten list to keep indoor cats happy is your indoor cat happy and enjoying life in your home? here is our top ten list of things that help keep your indoor cat happy. read more a complete guide to steam cleaning at home steam cleaning is perfect for homes with kids and pets, as it works to deodorize and sanitize floors and more without the use of harsh chemicals. read more tips to keep your pet happy and healthy this summer the sun is out, outdoor activities are in full swing, and if your family has pets, your dogs are most likely tagging along with you.  since dogs can’t tell us when they are uncomfortable, it’s important to know what is good and what to avoid during those long, hot summer days. read more bissell's top ten tips for moving summer is a popular time to move into a new home for a variety of reasons.  see our top ten tips for moving to help you get organized and into your new home without a hitch. read more bissell blocktail party is back in grand rapids, those of us at bissell and much of the community are getting very excited for our annual bissell blocktail party.  it’s a fun event to gather with our friends and furry companions, drink some beers, enjoy delicious ‘yappitizers’ and bid on awesome auction items all to benefit bissell pet foundation and pets in need. read more cheers to a stain-free summer memorial weekend marks the start of summer. the weather is warm, the plants are in full bloom, pools are opening, and everyone wants to be outside. read more cat potty buddies our cats sometimes challenge the most insightful among us to figure out what’s behind a weird and wacky behavior. felines always have a good reason for doing what they do read more dorm room 101: 5 things every college kid should have in their dorm. it should be expected that dorm rooms are tiny, crammed, and lack space for anything that is not essential. so what are the essentials? here are 5 things every college kid should have in their dorm. read more empty the shelters: teamwork is the dreamwork! we are still pinching ourselves. 3,401 pets were adopted on may 5 making room for 3,401 pets in need to take their places in shelters and get a second chance. 6,402 lives saved in just one day! read more what to clean with vacuum attachments did you know there are a lot of places around your home that you can clean with your vacuum attachments? read more celebrate your pet on national pet day check out our ideas for some fun ways to celebrate your loyal companion. read more why change your vacuum filter? and, how? vacuums often get used and abused; overlooked by their owners and not kept up so they perform to the best of their ability.  here at bissell we get a lot of questions about why a vacuum might not be suctioning like it used to or why it stinks when turned on. read more how to easily clean carpets in your home do you love the idea of clean carpets but feel like it’s too much work? or maybe your carpets aren’t really gross, they just have a few dingy areas that you wish were cleaner? bissell can help! read more spring cleaning? don’t forget these 10 spaces it’s easy to get into a routine of cleaning the same areas over and over again. and certain common spaces, like the front hall, kitchen, and living room, should be regularly cleaned. read more carpet cleaning – the best way to deep clean are your carpets really dirty?  do you question what color they used to be or use furniture to cover stains? read more 20 spring cleaning tips from bissell we spend all year cleaning our homes. daily, weekly, and sometimes monthly we get out our supplies to clean up kitchens, living areas, bathrooms, and bedrooms. you know how to clean your house. so why do people make such a big deal out of spring cleaning? read more women’s history month march is women’s history month, and women’s history is always a topic of conversation at bissell.  we are honored to say that anna bissell was one of the first female ceos in america.  we are very proud of anna and all she was able to accomplish with the company and beyond. read more puppy love whether or not you believe in celebrating valentine’s day is beside the point.  if you have a furry friend in your life we are sure that you are in “puppy love” with your pet. read more keep your dogs clean this winter getting outside in the winter is hard enough as it is, but getting your dog’s outside for exercise too can be a chore. just when you’ve done your best to make sure that your four-legged friend gets their walk in, that dirty, watery snow makes for a very messy pup when you get home. read more puppy bowl did you know that the puppy bowl roster is full of rescue pets waiting for their forever family? rescued is the breed of choice at bissell! read more winter safety tips for pets to some dogs, and most people, the weather outside is frightful. other dogs delight in romping and playing on snow and ice. read more our favorite ways to spoil our dogs and cats winter can be long and cold; both for us and for our pets.  are you and your pets finding yourselves spending more time inside this winter? why not spoil your cat or dog by doing something special with them? here are some fun ideas: read more cathy bissell's favorite products last week we blogged about our employee’s favorite products, tips and tricks. this week, we wanted to highlight cathy bissell’s go-to products and her favorite stain removal tricks. read more house cleaning tips and tricks from the bissell team as employees at a cleaning company, we are constantly asked what our favorite products are, if we have any insider information on how to get stains out, or just general house cleaning tips and tricks that we can share with our friends and family.  we decided that it is time to go public with some of our favorites. read more we carpeted a dog park … and cleaned it up! to show our love for pets and confidence in our latest deep cleaning innovation, bissell brought the inside, outside by carpeting a section of one of new york city’s busiest dog parks. read more tips to “deskunk” your dog and home if you have ever had a skunk spray your pet, then you can commiserate. here is a “how-to” "deskunk" guide to use if you ever find yourself in this unfortunate situation. read more tips for simplifying your life by lifestyle expert amy goodman september is a major transition month. it’s so tempting to put off cleaning until the weekend, but trust me—it’s worth it to tackle cleaning in 15-minute bursts throughout the week. read more the perfect lightweight vacuum for you everyone needs at least one “grab and go” vacuum in their house. lightweight vacuums are the key to keeping your living space clean in between those deep sunday cleanings. let’s find the right product for you. read more take your dog to work (every) day at bissell headquarters take your dog to work day is a fun day at the office. but here at bissell, you can take your dog to work every day. read more small space living tips read more making travel with pets comfortable, safe, and clean for everyone, by dr. marty becker whether you’re on the road for vacation, a move, or a visit with friends or family, it takes some extra planning if your pets are along for the ride. read more keep it clean this holiday season getting your house clean for the holidays can seem like an overwhelming task. don’t let cleaning the house (before and after the parties) ruin your holiday spirit. here are some tips to tackle the mess and keep it clean this holiday season. read more how to keep your carpet protected according to our chemists welcome to the bissell chem lab. find out our chemist’s tips and tricks to keep your house in like-new condition. read more #givingtuesday in honor of #givingtuesday, we want to highlight the amazing work of bissell pet foundation and thank all those who have given their support over the years. read more eastwood finds his forever home eastwood was the last dog left after empty the shelters until a lucky break found him a special home. read more cleaning tips: how to efficiently clean your kitchen does it sometimes feel like all you’re doing is cleaning, all day every day? that’s because you probably are. here are some daily tips that will make it easy to keep your kitchen clean. read more reasons why you shouldn’t give a pet for christmas as christmas and the holidays roll around a lot of people think about gifting a puppy or a sweet kitten to one of their family members as a good gift.  and no one can deny the immediate joy of having a new adorable pet in their home; it’s so fun, it’s so new, it’s a welcomed change.  however, giving a pet as a christmas gift is a bad idea for many reasons. read more here it is: the bissell gift guide wondering how to wow that impossible-to-buy-for person? let bissell help you this holiday season. we have the perfect gifts for everyone on your list.  here are our top machines of 2017, according to bissell cleaning experts. trust us, you can’t go wrong. read more common sense, common courtesy, and planning: secrets to holiday travel with pets what’s dr. marty becker's number one ground rule of holiday travel with pets? the person who owns the ground makes the rules. read more get your home holiday ready with bissell rental are you ready for holiday guests this season? it’s okay if the answer is no, we are still getting into the swing of the season too. as we start to think about the parties to come with our own families, we came up with this list of how to get ready for thanksgiving. we hope it helps you start to plan too! read more top bissell products for the guys in your life if you’re searching for the perfect father’s day gift, bissell has you covered. read more the best dog-gone party in town have you ever had an idea and thought “i can actually make this happen?” that was how the bissell blocktail party happened for me. read more pre-season prepare: game day prep it’s almost that time of year again. a coveted “season” for a lot of loyal fans, who find themselves parked in front of their tvs all day sundays! we want to help you prepare so that you can sit back and enjoy those football sundays. read more cleaning up pet messes in the car every pet parent has been there--you're on a road trip, pup in tow, and a big mess ensues. whether big or small, bissell has you covered for when things get messy (or hairy) in the car. read more all about anna anna sutherland bissell, america’s first-ever female ceo, was a true pioneer of her time. read more pawsibly the best halloween pet costumes last year our bissell facebook fans shared their pet costume photos with us and we wanted to make sure they got a second tour. read more how to get red wine stains out of carpet mike foote, one of our chemists, has some tips and tricks on how to remove red wine from your carpet and help you out of this unfortunate situation. read more it’s never too late—empty the shelters with cathy bissell pet adoption will change your life. you will realize how grateful the pets are that you bring into your home and you will say to yourself, “why didn’t i do this sooner?” read more bissell celebrates 141 years! as bissell turns 141 years old, we can’t help but reminisce! read more how to get cat pee smells and stains out of carpet mike foote, one of our chemists, has some tips and tricks for you and explains why enzyme cleaners are the best options for old cat urine smells, while oxy based cleaners work well for stains. read more cleaning tips for pet parents pet ownerships comes with a lot of love and a slew of household messes. not to worry—you can keep your home fresh and clean with a few easy steps. read more summer splashdown: helping pets get wet safely if you’re going to be spending time in the water with your dog this summer, follow these safety precautions. read more easy party clean-up tips read more a step-by-step guide to keeping your area rugs looking brand new an area rug is an easy way to add style to your home, but they often take a beating. here are four ways to keep them looking new. read more giving hope in the golden years: meet rosie bissell pet foundation is an important part of what we do at bissell, so we’ll be sharing their good work from time to time. here is rosie’s story. read more the latest and greatest trends for your pet we were at global pet expo last week and saw some pretty neat stuff. here’s our take on the latest and greatest pet products. read more how to clean your home in 20 minutes flat let’s face it: housecleaning for most can feel like a necessary evil. but here’s the thing—it doesn’t have to be an all-day saturday affair. read more pets to follow: instagram stars it’s kind of a sad (but still cute) fact that many of our four-legged friends have more instagram followers than we humans do. read more urine trouble: how to remove pet pee from carpets frigid temps mean more cuddles by the fire, but also mean accidents become more common when your pet finds it’s too chilly to ‘go’ outside. read more throwback: the story behind the bissell ferris wheel most of us know february 14 as valentine’s day, but did you know it also happens to be designated as ferris wheel day? read more pets to follow: dynamic duos when it comes to being famous, sometimes it’s better to share the spotlight. these dynamic duos are a package deal when it comes to adorable pet pics. read more pet trivia: test your knowledge take this 10-question pet trivia quiz to test your knowledge on cats and dogs—and share it on twitter using #bissellquiz! read more bald is beautiful: a rescue tale we are showcasing some of our favorite rescue organizations and what makes them so great! read more valentine’s day puppy love: ideas for extra pampering valentine’s day is all about showing the most important people–and pets­–in your life how much you love and appreciate them. read more pet fashion: dressing up for all pet personalities whether it’s a festive bandana, a cozy sweater or a bejeweled collar, pet fashion is more versatile than ever. read more spring cleaning: a method for the mess! we’ve pulled together our top tips to help you take back your home from winter’s grimy grip! read more make bath time bearable from the splatter that comes with a good post-bath shake, to the water splashed around the tub, washing our favorite pets can often create an even bigger mess than the mess itself. read more home to a deeper clean® about us our history sustainability & csr community involvement careers newsroom products carpet cleaners vacuums steam and hard floor cleaners sweepers carpet and floor cleaning formulas febreze freshness pet accessories mops brooms and air quality cleaning needs pet clean-up deep down clean auto and garage cordless multi surface lightweight quick & easy small living spaces allergen control eco-friendly 2-in-1 helpful resources videos faqs blog stain removal guide cleaning 101s maintenance tips sds and ingredients rewards specials email sign-up learn more site map feedback © 2004-2018 bissell, all rights reserved. privacy policy | terms of use | california supply chains act life inspired cleaning innovations™ homecare: cleaning formulas: deep cleaner rental: pet products and rental: commercial line: bissell pet foundation: pet care products: show fewer features show more features expand close show all specs hide all specs expand close