来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20191231161033/https://www.bissell.com/blog
================================================================================

bissell blog articles | cleaning tips, pets, guest blogs bissell shopping cart exclusive offer for email subscribers! learn more get free shipping on any order over $40!learn more free shipping on any order over $40! place any order over $40 on bissell.com, and your entire purchase will ship free! no coupon code required. start shopping products carpet cleaners upright carpet cleaner » portable carpet cleaner » canister carpet cleaner » vacuums upright vacuum » cordless vacuum » robotic vacuum » canister vacuum » handheld vacuum » steam and hard floor cleaners steam mop » wet dry vac » stick vac » handheld steam cleaner » sweepers manual sweeper » cordless sweeper » carpet and floor cleaning formulasfebreze freshnesspet products and suppliesmops brooms and air quality parts & supplies specials our pet focus refer a friend my account support register a product blog united states argentina australia austria belgium dutch (belgisch) belgium french (frans) canada chile china croatia czech republic denmark europe finland finnish (suomalainen) finland swedish (ruotsin kieli) france germany global bissell hungary israel english israel hebrew (עברי) italy japan korea middle east netherlands new zealand norway poland portugal russia spain sweden switzerland (français) switzerland (deutsch) switzerland (italiano) taiwan thailand united kingdom cart search bissell go cancel log in to bissell.com close x * email address: * password: log in forgot password don't have an account? join bissell now! or sign in with your social account we'll never post anything without your permission google facebook google and facebook sign-in are subject to bissell’s privacy policy and terms of use. buy bissell, save pets love your pet, but not the mess bissell is committed to donating up to $1,000,000 each year to bpf, but is on track to far exceed that goal. bissell will donate up to $10 for each pet product purchased* to bpf to help find every pet a home. *requires registration. learn more about how bissell helps save pets. free shipping over $40 free shipping on any order over $40 place any order over $40, and your entire purchase will ship free! no coupon code required. fast & easy checkout a new way to checkout on bissell.com we now offer paypal for fast & easy checkout, in addition to our standard credit card payment option. simply choose the paypal option when you checkout. 30-day satisfaction guarantee our return policy is simple and convenient if you’re not completely satisfied with your purchase, you have 30 days from the delivery date of your original purchase to make a return.* pay just $4.95 in return shipping. *for safety reasons, cleaning formulas cannot be returned. learn more about our 30-day satisfaction guarantee. why shop at bissell.com? home / blog bissell clean sweep blog all cleaning home home cleaning pet relationships pets 7 focus areas for cleaning after the holidays congratulations! you survived arguably one of the busiest times of the year – the winter holidays. the visitors have come and gone, and now it’s time to get our house clean and back to normal. while the entertaining may be over, the cleaning is not – is it really ever? call us crazy, but this post-holiday cleaning is actually one of our favorites. read more why we love holiday cleaning checklists many people say their holidays are incomplete without things like decorations, snow on the ground, cookies, gifts, music, and so much more. but if you ask us, the one thing that completes our holidays is our beloved holiday cleaning checklist. we know for a lot of people, cleaning is their least favorite thing about this season, but hear us out, because we just may change your mind. read more our best speed cleaning tips for holiday hosts one of the more stressful parts of getting your home ready for the holidays is planning your parties and how you’ll host your family. all it takes is the smallest hiccup to throw that planning off track. at bissell®, we’re firm believers that messes, no matter their size, should not be the thing that crashes your party. read more the 7 merry messes of december they call it the most wonderful time of the year, but it can also be one of the most mess-prone times of the year. don’t let merry messes bring your holiday spirit down. here’s a list of products that are perfect for cleaning up some of the season’s most notorious spills and stains. read more making pets part of the holidays for pets, holidays can seem more like a holidaze: they can be stressed by all the to-ing and fro-ing, the visitors coming and going, the strange decorations, the increased number of package deliveries, and even the enticing aromas of holiday baking and roasting. read more stress less this holiday season: 4 expert travel tips traveling during the holidays can be a blessing and a curse. whether you are planning to take a getaway or visit family and friends nearby, hiccups are to be expected. more black friday bargains: 4 ways to shop smart black friday is one of those days that always creeps up on me and when it arrives, i can’t help but check out all the steals and deals. i love it, not just for the sales, but for the reminder that it’s time to start buying presents for loved ones for the holidays. read more pets of bissell: hugo the passion we at bissell have for pets is apparent in so many aspects of our day to day, including our pet friendly workplace policy. on any given day, you can walk through the halls of our headquarters and see a dozen or so dogs working alongside their owners. most days, hugo and his mom, bissell associate liz are included in that group. read more 4 ways to enjoy the winter weather with your dog you and your dog are active buddies during warm-weather months. winter doesn’t have to slow you down. snow sports are a great way to take the edge off if you have an energetic dog who loves the outdoors, and you indoor types -- canine and human -- have options as well. read more preparing your home for thanksgiving with bissell® the holiday season can be hard on your home, but it doesn’t have to be! there are plenty of ways to set yourself up for a successful and less stressful holiday season. ideally, thanksgiving home prep should start a few weeks before the actual holiday. read more 4 fall cleaning tips you didn’t know you needed at bissell®, we think the changing seasons can serve as good reminders to maintain spaces in your home that sometimes get overlooked during daily and weekly cleaning routines. each season has its own set of seasonal chores, and fall is no exception. below you’ll find four unique fall chores we recommend, in addition to the regular fall cleaning you may already have planned. read more how to make halloween fun and safe for your pet halloween, or “howl-o-ween,” as we like to call it, has been fun for people for decades, and it’s no surprise that pets are getting in on the act, too. there are pet halloween costumes, pumpkin-spice pet treats, and pet-oriented halloween parties, parades, and other events at parks, veterinary clinics, and shelters. but not every pet enjoys this “boo-ti-full” holiday. often, they think it’s downright scary—and not in a good way. we have some tips to help make it fun for them, not frightening. read more how we keep pet hair + messes to a minimum we sent kim and scott vargo of ‘yellow brick home’ our iconpet™ cordless vacuum for free in exchange for their honest review of our product. here’s what they had to say. "we’ve officially hit the trifecta of pet-focused cleaning tools now that we’ve added the iconpet™ cordless vacuum to the mix." read more how to remove fake blood from carpet + other scary halloween stains halloween is a holiday centered around all things spooky, and one of the scariest encounters of all can be the candy, decorating and costume makeup spills and stains! these are not your average, everyday stains – halloween stains are seriously spooky stuff.  every season presents its own set of tricky stains, so i put together this guide specific to removing halloween-related stains. in it, you’ll discover everything from how to get pumpkin smell out of carpet to how to get rid of fake blood stains on carpet to how to handle costume makeup mishaps. read more our pet focus: why bissell® is proud to support bissell pet foundation® october is adopt a shelter pet month, so what better time to talk about all the great work bissell pet foundation® (bpf) is doing? first, you should know, bissell® and bissell pet foundation® share more than just part of their name. read more pets of bissell: hudson at bissell, we have an open-door pet policy, meaning they can come to work every day. it’s not uncommon to see associates walking their pets around our headquarters or stopping at pet friendly. bissell associate stacy and her great dane hudson take advantage of our pet policy often. the 6-year-old great dane loves coming to work with his mom, and when it’s nice outside, the two can be seen cruising into the parking lot in stacy’s convertible. read more 5 benefits of adopting a pet have you been thinking about adopting a dog or cat? whether your new friend will be coming from a shelter, rescue group or home-based preservation breeder, you may be surprised at how having a pet can enrich your life, both physically and emotionally. let me count the ways. read more falling fur: how to get through shedding season whether we’re talking furniture or clothing, dog hair is the new black, especially in fall, or as we like to call it, furricane season. but that doesn’t mean we want swirls of it following us around wherever we go. the following tips will help you get through shedding season with a minimum of fuss—or at least with a hold on your sanity. read more hints for having happy cats september is happy cat month. it’s a special celebration created by—who else?—the catalyst council. the organization’s purpose is to help spread education and awareness about the health, welfare and importance of our companion cats. read more 4 household cleaning tools everyone needs when shopping for new house cleaning tools and equipment, it can be overwhelming. there are so many house cleaning tools, machines and products, so how do you know which are the best cleaning tools for you? it’s a question we at bissell® set out to answer every day. we know there’s no one tool that will be perfect for every person and every task. and if we could, we’d recommend all of our products! they’re all great in so many ways, but at the same time, we have a lot of products and this post could become overwhelming if we recommended each one separately. so, as the experts in home cleaning we were able to narrow our list down to four house cleaning tools that we think everyone should have in their home. read more how to remove sticker residue around your home stickers can be a fun way to add personality to many items. they look cool on water bottles and laptops and kids love putting stickers all over. but what happens when those stickers end up stuck on places they shouldn’t be? do you know how to get stickers off in a way that won’t leave any damage? if you’re not sure, don’t worry, we do! read more pets of bissell: holly at bissell, we’re passionate about pets. they’re a huge part of everything we do, so it’s only fitting that pets are also huge part of the workday here. we let associates bring their pets to work every day. one of those pets that frequents the halls at our headquarters is holly. read more 3 college cleaning supplies every student needs the start of a new school year is an exciting time for all college students, especially freshman. there are so many things to think about as you pack up your life and start a new, big journey. we know one of the last things on college students’ minds are their apartment or dorm room cleaning supplies, you’re more worried about which futon cover to buy. unfortunately, it’s highly unlikely that there are very many magic dorm room cleaning services that will stop by every other week to tidy things up, that’s your job. fortunately, we know the cleaning supplies you can keep on hand to ensure a clean dorm. read more saving seniors: 5 reasons to adopt a pet in its golden years august 21st is national senior citizen’s day. it’s a day set aside to let our senior citizens know how much  we care about them. we also wanted to take today to recognize another group of seniors that are special to us – senior pets. read more the summer shave: 4 things to consider before taking the clippers to your pup’s coat the warmer summer months bring about a lot of changes for everyone in our family. the kids are out of school, there’s summer trips to plan and it’s getting hotter by the day. a lot of us use the warmer season to treat ourselves to a haircut to try and keep cool. if you’re one of those people, maybe that trip to the salon got you thinking about getting your dog’s hair cut. people ask me all the time if that’s necessary, and it really depends on the kind of dog you have. read more how to clean a shower with a bissell® steam mop we all spend a lot of time in the shower, so keeping it clean should be a no-brainer. we also know cleaning showers is not the most fun of chores, but what if we told you we have an easy way to clean showers and all it takes is a single machine and some water? read more bissell® presents: how to clean stairs if you have stairs in your home you know they’re high-traffic and collect their fair share of dirt and grime. unfortunately, stairs can be a pain to clean, especially if your stairs have carpet on them. we know everyone is looking for the best way to clean carpet on stairs. that’s why we put this post together, so you can learn how to clean carpeted stairs quickly and efficiently with products that work best for your lifestyle. read more quick steps for getting wax out of carpet we absolutely love having candles lit while we’re home. they smell good, look nice and can even help relieve stress. so really, what’s not to love about them? well as great as we think candles are, they do come with a fair share of risks, including a wax spill. but there’s another risk that can be easy to forget about because it doesn’t happen that often. for anyone who has been through it, they know getting wax off carpet can be difficult, but it doesn’t have to be. read more 4 tips to help you find motivation to clean the house cleaning is a chore, there’s no way around it. and more often than not, chores are not found at the top of the ‘things i’d like to do’ list. we get it. that’s why we spend so much time engineering products that make it easier to find cleaning motivation. we believe that the easier it is to use a cleaning product, the more often people will be motivated to clean. read more 3 steps for removing smells from cars odors are everywhere, including in our cars. but, unlike odors in our homes, if you have an odor in your car, it can be easy to forget about it. that’s just because you probably don’t spend as much time in your car as you do your home. if the odor is always around you, you’ll be more inclined to take care of it. read more pets of bissell: calvin at bissell, we practice what we preach. being a pet-focused and pet-inspired company means we get to have pets at our office every day! seeing furry friends as you walk through the office is not uncommon here at bissell. we wanted to introduce you to one of those pets you can find peeking out of his mom’s cubicle, calvin. read more how to keep pet hair under control there’s a reason they call our pets our best friends. in some cases, they spend more time with us than anyone else in our lives. it doesn’t matter if we’re relaxing and watching a movie on the couch or heading to the park for some fresh air, some of us like to bring our pets along as often as we go. but when we let our dogs and cats go everywhere with us, that means we risk bringing cat and dog hair everywhere, too. so, how can you control it? we’re so glad you asked! we have more than a few solutions for you. read more how to keep a clean dorm room moving into a dorm room for the first time is just one of many challenges the first year of college brings. for some, it may be the first time they’ve ever shared a room with someone, and in a lot of cases, that someone may be a stranger. one of the quickest ways to becoming the annoying roommate is to become the messy roommate. and one of the quickest ways to becoming the best roommate is to bring top-notch cleaning supplies with you on move in day. read more how to clean your apartment and keep it clean apartments can be a great housing option depending on your needs. but these smaller spaces come with their own set of cleaning challenges.  when you think about it, cleaning an apartment should be easy, right? it’s a smaller space so it shouldn’t take as much time to run through all the necessary chores. read more how to clean countertops with bissell® products we got our start more than 140 years ago by engineering innovative floorcare products, and that’s still important to us. but did you know many of our floorcare products can now also be used to clean above floors in your home? read more how to get odor out of carpet with bissell® products a lot of life happens on our carpets, and unfortunately that means a lot of odors can find their way onto our carpets, too. people are always asking us for recommendations on how to get smell out of carpet, and we like to consider ourselves experts on removing odors from carpets. read more why we love bagless vacuum cleaners when buying a new vacuum, there are plenty of questions to ask, including whether or not you want a vacuum cleaner with bags or without bags. the most important impact this will have on your vacuuming is how you empty dirt and debris from your vacuum when you’re done cleaning. read more how to make your new cat feel at home you’ve visited the shelter and found the perfect cat for you. but before you bring her home, it’s time to do some shopping. here’s what you’ll need to ensure your new cat’s well being, safety and happiness. read more how to clean cabinets with bissell® products we all have them, but how often do we clean the cabinets in our house? if the answer for you is not enough, don’t worry, we get it. the thing about cabinets, specifically in the kitchen, is that most of them have doors, meaning you can just put things in there and close the cabinet door, leaving what’s inside hidden! read more how to deodorize a room while you clean when it comes to your home, some odors are inevitable, especially if you have pets. but that doesn’t mean you should just live with the fact that your home will sometimes be smelly. that’s ridiculous! what if we told you there are several ways to remove odors while cleaning your home? read more take your dog to work (every) day at bissell headquarters take your dog to work day is a fun day at the office. but here at bissell, you can take your dog to work every day. read more from abandoned kitten to bissell star basil was one of three 2-week-old kittens found dumped in a field and brought to a local animal shelter. she didn’t stay there long, though. tina parkhurst of beaverton, oregon, happened to be volunteering that day, and all three kittens were still at the age where they needed to be bottle-fed. read more how to use a steam mop as a whole bathroom cleaner when it comes to cleaning bathrooms, you could say it’s our least favorite household chore. if we had to describe it in a single word, we’d use disgusting. no matter how often we clean our bathrooms, we’re always dreading the next time we have to clean them. sure, sometimes it’s the mess that bothers us. but that’s not our biggest complaint. it’s more the process of bathroom cleaning and all the different bathroom cleaning supplies and steps that go into it. read more how to clean grout with help from bissell® like everyone else, we find grout cleaning to be a huge pain point. so, we came up with a few solutions for people, like us, looking to learn how to clean tile grout, and we’ll explain them all to you in this post. by the end of it, you’ll see that the best way to clean tile grout varies depending on your cleaning needs. read more kittens at risk, but shelter programs aim to save them young kittens might be cute, but they are among the most at-risk animals in shelters. kittens old enough to be adopted usually fly out of shelters, but those younger than 8 weeks have special needs and are often considered unadoptable. fortunately, some shelters are starting “kitten nurseries” to help save the little lives until they’re ready to go to homes. read more how to clean a garage like a garage pro® your garage can be one of the most useful areas in your home. but because it's used so much and for so many reasons, keeping a clean garage can be tough! it doesn’t take long for a garage to collect clutter and dirt. we think every garage should have a garage cleaning vacuum to help make garage cleanup as easy as possible. read more how to remove pet hair from almost anywhere we love our pets, and that’s exactly why we tend to let them go almost anywhere around the house. pets add so much joy to our lives -- but if you have the shedding type, they add hair, too! most pet owners, and their guests, are always thinking about how to get dog hair off clothes. we’ve been in the business of cleaning pet hair for years. read more top tips on choosing and preparing for your adopted cat at bissell and fear free, we have a soft spot for shelter kitties, and we want to help them find homes. here are 10 tips for finding just the right one to join your family and what to plan for when you bring her home. read more how to keep house cleaning in check at bissell, we understand how busy life can get. it's hard to find time to keep up with all of the messes - which is why we've put together this guide on how to keep your house clean. this way, you can spend less time cleaning and more time enjoying your mess makers. read more how to clean car carpet like the pros you may have read that we recommend deep cleaning carpets at least twice a year to keep them at their best. but what about the carpet in your car? it’s an interesting spot to clean, and one you probably don’t think about cleaning too often. read more pets of bissell bailey here at bissell we are always proud to brag about the fact that we have a “bring your dog to work” environment.  we thought it would be fun to share some details about one of those pets we get to see roaming our halls. read more get ready for summer by summer, after all the dirt that came and went from fall, then the snow and salt that was tracked inside from winter, and lastly the rain and mud from spring, you can’t say that your carpets don’t need a serious refresh. there is nothing like getting deep down dirt and debris out of your carpets to make them look and feel like new again. read more how to clean concrete floors keeping your home clean is hard enough. then there’s the responsibility of keeping the outside of your home clean, like the garage, driveway and even the concrete. we consulted our team of in-house chemists to get to the bottom of the best way to clean concrete. read more how to remove coffee stains from carpet nothing really ruins a quiet, sunday morning more than a fresh cup of coffee spilled on the carpet. it can happen in an instant. all it takes is a bump of the coffee table in just the right spot and boom, you’re left with an empty cup and a big brown stain on the carpet. you have to act fast when stains strike, as time isn’t always on your side. in pretty much every case, the faster you get to it, the better. read more 4 ways to celebrate national pet month most of us celebrate our pets year-round, not just during a special day, week or month dedicated to them. but that doesn’t mean that we can’t take those commemorative days to do something special to promote responsible pet ownership, raise awareness of the benefits of living with pets, spread the news about the importance of working, service, and assistance animals, and share our appreciation for the people who help care for pets, and of course show our love for our own pets. read more bissell® presents: home cleaning hacks there’s a reason they call cleaning a chore. one of the definitions of the word chore is an unpleasant but necessary task. we know a lot of people would agree with that statement when they think about cleaning. that’s why so many people are constantly looking for house cleaning hacks. read more how to get rid of dust in your home dust is a major reason people have to clean their homes so often. those tiny particles find their way into every nook and cranny around the house. so, what’s the best way to dust? as with many of the cleaning tips we like to give, the answer depends on how deep of a cleaning you’re planning to give your home. read more tips from our chemists on getting blood out of carpet removing stains like blood is all about having the right chemistry on your side. lucky for us (and you), our chemists gave us many methods to get blood out of carpet, so we took it upon ourselves to compile the ultimate guide to removing blood from carpet for you. read more how to clean windows with more than window cleaner just like your floors, we know the windows in your home are a big investment. that’s why it’s important to us to design products that don’t just clean your floor, they also clean many above-floor areas, like windows. before we get into those details, we want to make sure you know the basics when it comes to the best way to clean windows in your home. read more pet technology in more recent years here at bissell, we have turned our cleaning priorities to focus on pet cleanup and pet technology.  we understand that cleaning up after pets can be difficult and our mission is to make pet cleanup easy and painless. read more how to clean interior of cars like the pros some weeks it feels like we spend more time in our cars than in our homes. we’ve been known to do a lot of things in our set of wheels, including everything from eating a quick bite to doing our makeup – all while the car is parked of course. we’ll be the first to admit, we clean our actual house more often than we clean our cars, because sometimes we only remember it needs to be cleaned when we are sitting in it and then forget again as soon as we get out. read more how to get nail polish out of carpet and other fabrics nail polish looks great on our nails, but the same can’t be said for nail polish on clothes or carpet. you’ve probably been there, painting your nails in a hurry because friday night just snuck up on you, and you want to look your best for girls’ night out. one wrong move and that bottle of red nail polish lands right on the carpet. suddenly you aren’t so worried about what you’re going to wear tonight, instead you’re fully consumed with answering one question: how to remove nail polish from carpet? read more bissell pet foundation® prepares to empty the shelters may is national pet month and we couldn’t think of a better way to celebrate than by telling you about bissell pet foundation’s empty the shelters this weekend. saturday, may 4th marks the first empty the shelters of 2019, and it’s shaping up to be bigger than years before. read more how to clean laminate floors like the pros as hard floors continue to gain popularity in homes across the country, we’re starting to see more people choosing to put laminate floors in their homes. laminate has come a long way in the last few decades. so, what’s the best way to clean laminate floors you ask? you’ll be happy to know the answer to that question is simple, thanks to so many of our products. read more rug cleaning tips and tricks how to clean rugs is a question we set out to answer a while ago, and in our search for answers, we developed some pretty innovative tools to help with rug cleaning. read more bissell partners with fear free happy homes most people consider their dogs and cats as more than mere pets. they view them as valued members of the family, much like the close, loving relationship between a parent and child. and just as any good parent would, they recognize the need to provide for more than just their dog or cat’s physical care, striving to support their animal’s mental, emotional, and behavioral needs as well. read more best way to clean tile floors by now you’ve probably seen those trendy subway tiles on kitchen backsplashes or in showers and thought to yourself, maybe i’d like to add some tile to my home. and we’re all for it, especially since tile cleaning is easy (we made sure of it), and we’ll prove it in this post. read more guests are coming. are you ready? easter sunday is less than a week away, and for many of us that means visitors. even if you aren’t expecting guests on sunday, knowing how to quickly clean is a good skill to have in your toolbelt for whenever guests come over. read more celebrating earth day with natural cleaning we’re less than a week away from earth day. the holiday started nearly 50 years ago as a way to get people thinking about how they can help care for the environment. today, as more and more people try to be environmentally conscious, we wanted to remind you that bissell has developed products with the environment in mind for quite some time. read more how to mop in 2019 people are constantly asking us how to clean floors, and we love that question because we have so many solutions! what if we told you there was an easier and faster way to mop your floors? what if we told you we know the best way to clean kitchen floors and it involves a machine that cleans better than a mop and bucket?* would you believe us? read more spring cleaning tips for your garage spring cleaning is a big deal. there is a ton you can do inside the house, but sometimes you just want to go outside and enjoy the beautiful weather. get the best of both worlds and spend some quality time spring cleaning your garage. read more how to use a home management binder to keep your house in order a family home management binder is exactly what it sounds like, a home binder organized into different sections to help you manage, or run, your household all while staying sane. read more how to remove stains like the experts when it comes to stain removers, and the best way to go about removing stains, the list is pretty much endless. grape juice, pet accidents, motor oil, mud; we could go on and on. that means that how to get a stain out is a tough question to answer. read more everything you need to do for a successful spring cleaning season our favorite time of year is here. spring cleaning for bissell is like birthdays or christmas for other people. it’s what we’ve been waiting for! we’ve given you the way to get into the spring cleaning mood. read more looking for the best way to clean a couch? in many homes, the couch is the focal point of the living room. and, it doesn’t matter if you’ve planned a whole day of binging shows by yourself or are hosting friends for a game night, no one wants to spend their saturday night (or any other night for that matter) on a dirty couch. you may be wondering what is the best way to clean a couch, considering it’s such an awkward piece of furniture. that is exactly why we’ve put together this guide on how to clean a fabric couch – and keep it clean! read more how to clean couch cushions like the pros everything we do on the couch runs the risk of some serious stains, but there’s no need to worry if, and when, those inevitable stains strike. the good news is cleaning couch cushions is surprisingly easy. read more spring cleaning tips for pet parents while you may be dreading spring cleaning, your pets probably haven’t given much thought, if any, to the cleaning tasks ahead. but that doesn’t mean they’re exempt from the season of clean. it means it’s up to you to complete fido’s spring cleaning tasks. read more best way to clean baseboards you see them every day, but chances are you only notice them when they’re dirty. we’re talking about your baseboards. they’re on nearly every wall, in every room of your home. so, you’ve probably wondered how to clean white baseboards, or really any color baseboards, at least once in your life. it’s something we’ve addressed for you in this guide. read more how to clean blinds like the experts you see them every day, and when that sunlight hits them just right, you’re easily reminded of the amount of dirt built up on your home’s blinds. even though you look at them all the time, if you’re being honest, how often do you think about cleaning them? read more save time on spring cleaning with these spring cleaning hacks this time of year, your spring cleaning list probably feels never-ending. if you’re looking for a quality clean in a quick amount of time, this guide is for you. read more how to deep clean your house – a guide from the pros every so often, you may find yourself thinking about how to deep clean a house. especially now with spring cleaning fresh on your mind. but a deep clean is a little more thorough than spring cleaning. read more a home cleaning schedule even the busiest families will love how many times have you found yourself vowing to create, and stick to, some sort of weekly house cleaning schedule? we’ve been there too. a weekly cleaning schedule is a lot like a new year’s resolution. read more spring cleaning: the only carpet cleaning guide you’ll need this season when people ask – and it happens all the time - we advise people to clean their carpets at least twice a year, if not at the change of every season. we like to compare it to your clothes. if you really want to clean your clothes, you wash them with water and soap, right? the same goes for your carpet. read more get ready for spring cleaning it’s been a long winter, and even though it’s not over quite yet, spring really is right around the corner. that means spring cleaning at bissell - it’s one of our favorite times of the year! read more train, don’t complain, or blame the dog if your dog is untrained, unruly, out of control, or downright rude, it’s not too late to help your dog (and yourself)! rather than blame, shame, or incessantly complain, do something about it. read more crosswave® pet pro are you ready to become obsessed with cleaning your hard floors? drumroll please…   one machine, twice the clean. introducing crosswave pet pro all-in-one multi surface wet dry vac. read more cleaning routines cleaning your living space can be easy and stress-free, especially if you follow a routine. a great way to keep a consistently clean home is by tackling one area each day. read more #givingtuesday in honor of #givingtuesday, we want to highlight the amazing work of bissell pet foundation and thank all those who have given their support over the years. read more all about anna anna sutherland bissell, america’s first-ever female ceo, was a true pioneer of her time. read more small space living tips read more puppy bowl did you know that the puppy bowl roster is full of rescue pets waiting for their forever family? rescued is the breed of choice at bissell! read more pre-season prepare: game day prep it’s almost that time of year again. a coveted “season” for a lot of loyal fans, who find themselves parked in front of their tvs all day sundays! we want to help you prepare so that you can sit back and enjoy those football sundays. read more empty the shelters: teamwork is the dreamwork! we are still pinching ourselves. 3,401 pets were adopted on may 5 making room for 3,401 pets in need to take their places in shelters and get a second chance. 6,402 lives saved in just one day! read more how to keep your pet entertained indoors for some of us (michigan, raise your hand), we have had a very long and very cold winter. most of our pets have not gotten outside much in the last couple of months and everyone is starting to go a little stir crazy.  see below for some ideas we found to help your pets stay busy. read more spoil your pet this valentine's day valentine’s day is the perfect day to show your pet some extra love.  it doesn’t have to be dedicated to just your favorite human, your love can be equally given to your furry friend. we have come up with some fun ways you can shower a little extra love on your cat or dog this valentine’s day. read more more than floor care if you are an avid bissell follower, then you are aware that we create products outside of floor care. but, in case you don’t know we want to highlight some of our non-floor care related products below. read more pets of bissell - petey bissell has an open-door pet policy, which means furry friends are in our office every day. read more change a pet's life day did you know that change a pet's life day is january 24th? we’ll be honest, we didn’t either. but since it is, we’re calling it out to recognize the needs of homeless pets. read more puppy bowl xv is coming puppy bowl is back on animal planet this sunday, february 3rd, 2019 for the 15th year. it’s the best way to watch the cutest rescued puppies play, run and have fun! read more make your carpet cozy again carpets see lots of foot traffic and dirt and hair get easily embedded into carpet fibers.  here are some tips on how to quickly clean your carpets to get them back to their cozy best. read more a little clean every day goes a long way how good does it feel to take down all your decorations and clean up your home from the holidays? we want to help you keep that good clean feeling for the rest of the year. read more bissell good housekeeping seal products we are proud of the quality and innovation we bring to consumers year after year.  some of our favorite and best products are backed up by the good housekeeping seal. the gh seal is america’s most trusted emblem. read more pets do not make good presents have you ever thought about giving someone you love the sweet gift of a new puppy or kitten for the holidays?  here is a reminder why pets do not make good presents for the holidays. read more pets of bissell part 2 we are back with more pets of bissell.  bissell has an open-door pet policy, which means lots of furry friends in our office every day. read more holiday gift guide we love playing santa!  so, let us help you sort through your gift giving this holiday season. we are sure we have the perfect gift for those special people on your list. read more tips for hosting parties with pets tis’ the season for lots and lots of parties.  if you are the pet owning hostess with the mostest and love throwing those holiday get-togethers, make sure your house and your pet(s) are prepared for the festivities. read more pets of bissell we have an open-door pet policy at bissell, which means lots of furry friends in our office every day. since every day is take your dog to work day, we thought it would be fun to introduce some of these pets to you; share their backgrounds, their cute personalities, learn about their owners, and how both pet and owner feel about going to work together! read more time to celebrate adopt a shelter pet month did you know november is adopt a shelter pet month? well if you didn’t, now you do!  at bissell, we are proud to promote adoption and support our company foundation, bissell pet foundation, also known as bpf. read more happy halloween we wanted to wish all of our readers a very happy halloween.  whether it’s you, your kids, or your pets who are dressing up, we love this holiday for more than just an excuse to eat tons of candy. read more bissell pet foundation empties the shelters on october 6, 2018 bissell pet foundation paid all the adoption fees for another empty the shelters event.  guess how many shelters participated in this event??  101, let us repeat, 101 shelters participated in the event across 14 states! read more if your floors could talk could you imagine if your floors could talk? oh, the things they would say. floors take a beating, especially in high traffic areas around your home. read more happy birthday to us bissell turns 142 today! we know, we’re old… and we’re proud of it! read more de-stress with pets this is simplify your life week and what better way to celebrate, especially at bissell®, than by de-stressing with your pet? read more make it like new, how to remove number 2 (and other pet messes)… like a pro some pet carpet stains can be pretty gross. don’t worry, we can help! follow these easy steps to clean pet messes up like a pro. read more going live this wednesday, september 12th, the acclaimed “america’s veterinarian” and new york times bestselling author, dr. marty becker, will be featured on the bissell facebook page for a live q&a session. tune in at 11am pst/2pm est as dr. becker discusses how to keep your pets happy and healthy. read more white carpet after labor day it’s a long-running debate. should you wear white after labor day? no matter which way you look at it, we think that carpets should always be white! read more fall is on the way summer is winding down and school is starting.   carpet cleaning might not be top of your list but cleaning carpets during the season change is a great idea to keep your house looking great heading into fall. read more back to school it’s hard to believe the time is almost here… school is starting back up and kids are heading back to college. what is the best way for students to make sure their small living space stays clean? bissell is here to help. read more support the shelters sweepstakes gives back from now until august 1st, our growing network of 3,700 shelter and rescue partners across the u.s. will be begging for votes in the 2nd annual bissell pet foundation support the shelters sweepstakes. the best part about it…you can help choose a winner! read more how to remove summer stains with summer comes lots of parties and with parties come a lot of messes. the bissell oxy stain destroyer can be a lifesaver during the summer. read more new study finds four scents that can relax dogs when i was a little girl, my cat pretzel made it clear that she was not a fan of car rides. luckily, my mom had a brilliant idea.  “let’s put your sweatshirt inside her carrier instead of that blanket,” she suggested. “it’s soft and smells like you. i bet she’ll find it comforting.” read more national kissing day today is national kissing day! what does that mean? time to let your dog lick your face and smooch their nose right back. we scrolled through some of our loyal followers and found some precious smooches that we just had to share. read more top ten list to keep indoor cats happy is your indoor cat happy and enjoying life in your home? here is our top ten list of things that help keep your indoor cat happy. read more a complete guide to steam cleaning at home steam cleaning is perfect for homes with kids and pets, as it works to deodorize and sanitize floors and more without the use of harsh chemicals. read more tips to keep your pet happy and healthy this summer the sun is out, outdoor activities are in full swing, and if your family has pets, your dogs are most likely tagging along with you.  since dogs can’t tell us when they are uncomfortable, it’s important to know what is good and what to avoid during those long, hot summer days. read more bissell's top ten tips for moving summer is a popular time to move into a new home for a variety of reasons.  see our top ten tips for moving to help you get organized and into your new home without a hitch. read more bissell blocktail party is back in grand rapids, those of us at bissell and much of the community are getting very excited for our annual bissell blocktail party.  it’s a fun event to gather with our friends and furry companions, drink some beers, enjoy delicious ‘yappitizers’ and bid on awesome auction items all to benefit bissell pet foundation and pets in need. read more cheers to a stain-free summer memorial weekend marks the start of summer. the weather is warm, the plants are in full bloom, pools are opening, and everyone wants to be outside. read more cat potty buddies our cats sometimes challenge the most insightful among us to figure out what’s behind a weird and wacky behavior. felines always have a good reason for doing what they do read more dorm room 101: 5 things every college kid should have in their dorm. it should be expected that dorm rooms are tiny, crammed, and lack space for anything that is not essential. so what are the essentials? here are 5 things every college kid should have in their dorm. read more what to clean with vacuum attachments did you know there are a lot of places around your home that you can clean with your vacuum attachments? read more celebrate your pet on national pet day check out our ideas for some fun ways to celebrate your loyal companion. read more why change your vacuum filter? and, how? vacuums often get used and abused; overlooked by their owners and not kept up so they perform to the best of their ability.  here at bissell we get a lot of questions about why a vacuum might not be suctioning like it used to or why it stinks when turned on. read more how to easily clean carpets in your home do you love the idea of clean carpets but feel like it’s too much work? or maybe your carpets aren’t really gross, they just have a few dingy areas that you wish were cleaner? bissell can help! read more spring cleaning? don’t forget these 10 spaces it’s easy to get into a routine of cleaning the same areas over and over again. and certain common spaces, like the front hall, kitchen, and living room, should be regularly cleaned. read more carpet cleaning – the best way to deep clean are your carpets really dirty?  do you question what color they used to be or use furniture to cover stains? read more 20 spring cleaning tips from bissell we spend all year cleaning our homes. daily, weekly, and sometimes monthly we get out our supplies to clean up kitchens, living areas, bathrooms, and bedrooms. you know how to clean your house. so why do people make such a big deal out of spring cleaning? read more women’s history month march is women’s history month, and women’s history is always a topic of conversation at bissell.  we are honored to say that anna bissell was one of the first female ceos in america.  we are very proud of anna and all she was able to accomplish with the company and beyond. read more puppy love whether or not you believe in celebrating valentine’s day is beside the point.  if you have a furry friend in your life we are sure that you are in “puppy love” with your pet. read more keep your dogs clean this winter getting outside in the winter is hard enough as it is, but getting your dog’s outside for exercise too can be a chore. just when you’ve done your best to make sure that your four-legged friend gets their walk in, that dirty, watery snow makes for a very messy pup when you get home. read more winter safety tips for pets to some dogs, and most people, the weather outside is frightful. other dogs delight in romping and playing on snow and ice. read more our favorite ways to spoil our dogs and cats winter can be long and cold; both for us and for our pets.  are you and your pets finding yourselves spending more time inside this winter? why not spoil your cat or dog by doing something special with them? here are some fun ideas: read more cathy bissell's favorite products last week we blogged about our employee’s favorite products, tips and tricks. this week, we wanted to highlight cathy bissell’s go-to products and her favorite stain removal tricks. read more house cleaning tips and tricks from the bissell team as employees at a cleaning company, we are constantly asked what our favorite products are, if we have any insider information on how to get stains out, or just general house cleaning tips and tricks that we can share with our friends and family.  we decided that it is time to go public with some of our favorites. read more we carpeted a dog park … and cleaned it up! to show our love for pets and confidence in our latest deep cleaning innovation, bissell brought the inside, outside by carpeting a section of one of new york city’s busiest dog parks. read more tips to “deskunk” your dog and home if you have ever had a skunk spray your pet, then you can commiserate. here is a “how-to” "deskunk" guide to use if you ever find yourself in this unfortunate situation. read more tips for simplifying your life by lifestyle expert amy goodman september is a major transition month. it’s so tempting to put off cleaning until the weekend, but trust me—it’s worth it to tackle cleaning in 15-minute bursts throughout the week. read more the perfect lightweight vacuum for you everyone needs at least one “grab and go” vacuum in their house. lightweight vacuums are the key to keeping your living space clean in between those deep sunday cleanings. let’s find the right product for you. read more making travel with pets comfortable, safe, and clean for everyone, by dr. marty becker whether you’re on the road for vacation, a move, or a visit with friends or family, it takes some extra planning if your pets are along for the ride. read more keep it clean this holiday season getting your house clean for the holidays can seem like an overwhelming task. don’t let cleaning the house (before and after the parties) ruin your holiday spirit. here are some tips to tackle the mess and keep it clean this holiday season. read more how to keep your carpet protected according to our chemists welcome to the bissell chem lab. find out our chemist’s tips and tricks to keep your house in like-new condition. read more eastwood finds his forever home eastwood was the last dog left after empty the shelters until a lucky break found him a special home. read more cleaning tips: how to efficiently clean your kitchen does it sometimes feel like all you’re doing is cleaning, all day every day? that’s because you probably are. here are some daily tips that will make it easy to keep your kitchen clean. read more reasons why you shouldn’t give a pet for christmas as christmas and the holidays roll around a lot of people think about gifting a puppy or a sweet kitten to one of their family members as a good gift.  and no one can deny the immediate joy of having a new adorable pet in their home; it’s so fun, it’s so new, it’s a welcomed change.  however, giving a pet as a christmas gift is a bad idea for many reasons. read more here it is: the bissell gift guide wondering how to wow that impossible-to-buy-for person? let bissell help you this holiday season. we have the perfect gifts for everyone on your list.  here are our top machines of 2017, according to bissell cleaning experts. trust us, you can’t go wrong. read more common sense, common courtesy, and planning: secrets to holiday travel with pets what’s dr. marty becker's number one ground rule of holiday travel with pets? the person who owns the ground makes the rules. read more get your home holiday ready with bissell rental are you ready for holiday guests this season? it’s okay if the answer is no, we are still getting into the swing of the season too. as we start to think about the parties to come with our own families, we came up with this list of how to get ready for thanksgiving. we hope it helps you start to plan too! read more top bissell products for the guys in your life if you’re searching for the perfect father’s day gift, bissell has you covered. read more the best dog-gone party in town have you ever had an idea and thought “i can actually make this happen?” that was how the bissell blocktail party happened for me. read more cleaning up pet messes in the car every pet parent has been there--you're on a road trip, pup in tow, and a big mess ensues. whether big or small, bissell has you covered for when things get messy (or hairy) in the car. read more pawsibly the best halloween pet costumes last year our bissell facebook fans shared their pet costume photos with us and we wanted to make sure they got a second tour. read more how to get red wine stains out of carpet mike foote, one of our chemists, has some tips and tricks on how to remove red wine from your carpet and help you out of this unfortunate situation. read more it’s never too late—empty the shelters with cathy bissell pet adoption will change your life. you will realize how grateful the pets are that you bring into your home and you will say to yourself, “why didn’t i do this sooner?” read more bissell celebrates 141 years! as bissell turns 141 years old, we can’t help but reminisce! read more how to get cat pee smells and stains out of carpet mike foote, one of our chemists, has some tips and tricks for you and explains why enzyme cleaners are the best options for old cat urine smells, while oxy based cleaners work well for stains. read more cleaning tips for pet parents pet ownerships comes with a lot of love and a slew of household messes. not to worry—you can keep your home fresh and clean with a few easy steps. read more summer splashdown: helping pets get wet safely if you’re going to be spending time in the water with your dog this summer, follow these safety precautions. read more easy party clean-up tips read more a step-by-step guide to keeping your area rugs looking brand new an area rug is an easy way to add style to your home, but they often take a beating. here are four ways to keep them looking new. read more giving hope in the golden years: meet rosie bissell pet foundation is an important part of what we do at bissell, so we’ll be sharing their good work from time to time. here is rosie’s story. read more the latest and greatest trends for your pet we were at global pet expo last week and saw some pretty neat stuff. here’s our take on the latest and greatest pet products. read more how to clean your home in 20 minutes flat let’s face it: housecleaning for most can feel like a necessary evil. but here’s the thing—it doesn’t have to be an all-day saturday affair. read more pets to follow: instagram stars it’s kind of a sad (but still cute) fact that many of our four-legged friends have more instagram followers than we humans do. read more urine trouble: how to remove pet pee from carpets frigid temps mean more cuddles by the fire, but also mean accidents become more common when your pet finds it’s too chilly to ‘go’ outside. read more throwback: the story behind the bissell ferris wheel most of us know february 14 as valentine’s day, but did you know it also happens to be designated as ferris wheel day? read more pets to follow: dynamic duos when it comes to being famous, sometimes it’s better to share the spotlight. these dynamic duos are a package deal when it comes to adorable pet pics. read more pet trivia: test your knowledge take this 10-question pet trivia quiz to test your knowledge on cats and dogs—and share it on twitter using #bissellquiz! read more bald is beautiful: a rescue tale we are showcasing some of our favorite rescue organizations and what makes them so great! read more valentine’s day puppy love: ideas for extra pampering valentine’s day is all about showing the most important people–and pets­–in your life how much you love and appreciate them. read more pet fashion: dressing up for all pet personalities whether it’s a festive bandana, a cozy sweater or a bejeweled collar, pet fashion is more versatile than ever. read more spring cleaning: a method for the mess! we’ve pulled together our top tips to help you take back your home from winter’s grimy grip! read more make bath time bearable from the splatter that comes with a good post-bath shake, to the water splashed around the tub, washing our favorite pets can often create an even bigger mess than the mess itself. read more home to a deeper clean® about us our history sustainability & csr community involvement careers newsroom products carpet cleaners vacuums steam and hard floor cleaners sweepers carpet and floor cleaning formulas febreze freshness pet products and supplies mops brooms and air quality cleaning needs pet clean-up deep down clean auto and garage cordless multi surface lightweight quick & easy small living spaces allergen control eco-friendly 2-in-1 helpful resources videos faqs blog stain removal guide cleaning 101s maintenance tips sds and ingredients rewards specials email sign-up learn more site map feedback © 2004-2019 bissell, all rights reserved. contact us | privacy policy | terms of use | california supply chains act | website accessibility policy life inspired cleaning innovations™ homecare: cleaning formulas: deep cleaner rental: pet products and rental: commercial line: commercial line: bissell pet foundation: pet care products: show fewer features show more features expand close show all specs hide all specs expand close