来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20191211215448/https://www.callawaygolf.com/
================================================================================

official callaway golf site | golf clubs | golf equipment skip to main content callaway golf 0 menu close navigation menu search clubs golf balls accessories customs fitting videos podcasts headlines team create community account info cart ( 0 ) back to previous navigation menu clubs close navigation menu drivers fairway woods iron/combo sets hybrids wedges putters juniors/complete sets women's left-handed clearance pre-owned trade in! trade up! view all clubs back to previous navigation menu golf balls close navigation menu chrome soft erc soft supersoft supersoft magna superhot warbird truvis strata view all golf balls back to previous navigation menu accessories close navigation menu golf bags headwear gloves travel headcovers bag accessories apparel footwear course gear eyewear ogio clearance gift cards view all accessories back to previous navigation menu customs close navigation menu custom clubs custom golf balls limited auctions custom logo view all customs back to previous navigation menu fitting close navigation menu fitting studios demo day authorized fitting locations online driver selector online fairway selector online iron selector online wedge selector online ball selector fitting room podcast view all custom fitting back to previous navigation menu videos close navigation menu callaway originals instruction product tour inside callaway view all videos back to previous navigation menu podcasts close navigation menu the fitting room shipshow girls n' golf wincast real golf talk the putting podcast view all podcasts back to previous navigation menu headlines close navigation menu product news what's in the bag? exclusives view all headlines back to previous navigation menu create close navigation menu back to previous navigation menu community close navigation menu home product reviews & testing fitting corner equipment inside callaway contests, giveaways, & sweeps your game & more view all community back to previous navigation menu drivers close navigation menu back to previous navigation menu fairway woods close navigation menu back to previous navigation menu iron/combo sets close navigation menu back to previous navigation menu hybrids close navigation menu back to previous navigation menu wedges close navigation menu back to previous navigation menu putters close navigation menu back to previous navigation menu juniors/complete sets close navigation menu back to previous navigation menu women's close navigation menu drivers fairway woods irons/combo sets hybrids wedges complete sets view all women's back to previous navigation menu left-handed close navigation menu drivers fairway woods irons/combo sets hybrids wedges view all left-handed clubs back to previous navigation menu clearance close navigation menu back to previous navigation menu chrome soft close navigation menu back to previous navigation menu erc soft close navigation menu back to previous navigation menu supersoft close navigation menu back to previous navigation menu supersoft magna close navigation menu back to previous navigation menu superhot close navigation menu back to previous navigation menu warbird close navigation menu back to previous navigation menu truvis close navigation menu back to previous navigation menu strata close navigation menu back to previous navigation menu golf bags close navigation menu stand bags cart bags staff bags caddy bags view all golf bags back to previous navigation menu headwear close navigation menu back to previous navigation menu gloves close navigation menu back to previous navigation menu travel close navigation menu back to previous navigation menu headcovers close navigation menu back to previous navigation menu bag accessories close navigation menu back to previous navigation menu apparel close navigation menu back to previous navigation menu course gear close navigation menu rangefinders visio training aids towels umbrellas tools and markers weight kits view all course gear back to previous navigation menu eyewear close navigation menu back to previous navigation menu clearance close navigation menu back to previous navigation menu gift cards close navigation menu back to previous navigation menu custom clubs close navigation menu back to previous navigation menu custom golf balls close navigation menu back to previous navigation menu limited auctions close navigation menu back to previous navigation menu callaway originals close navigation menu back to previous navigation menu instruction close navigation menu driver instruction fairway instruction hybrid instruction iron instruction wedge instruction putter instruction fundamentals view all instruction back to previous navigation menu product close navigation menu drivers fairway woods hybrids irons wedges putters golf balls view all product back to previous navigation menu tour close navigation menu mic'd up md4 spin challenge extras 3 hole challenge view all tour back to previous navigation menu inside callaway close navigation menu back to previous navigation menu the fitting room close navigation menu back to previous navigation menu shipshow close navigation menu back to previous navigation menu girls n' golf close navigation menu back to previous navigation menu wincast close navigation menu back to previous navigation menu real golf talk close navigation menu back to previous navigation menu the putting podcast close navigation menu back to previous navigation menu product news close navigation menu back to previous navigation menu what's in the bag? close navigation menu back to previous navigation menu exclusives close navigation menu back to previous navigation menu drivers close navigation menu back to previous navigation menu fairway woods close navigation menu back to previous navigation menu irons/combo sets close navigation menu back to previous navigation menu hybrids close navigation menu back to previous navigation menu wedges close navigation menu back to previous navigation menu complete sets close navigation menu back to previous navigation menu drivers close navigation menu back to previous navigation menu fairway woods close navigation menu back to previous navigation menu irons/combo sets close navigation menu back to previous navigation menu hybrids close navigation menu back to previous navigation menu wedges close navigation menu back to previous navigation menu stand bags close navigation menu back to previous navigation menu cart bags close navigation menu back to previous navigation menu staff bags close navigation menu back to previous navigation menu caddy bags close navigation menu back to previous navigation menu driver instruction close navigation menu back to previous navigation menu fairway instruction close navigation menu back to previous navigation menu hybrid instruction close navigation menu back to previous navigation menu iron instruction close navigation menu back to previous navigation menu wedge instruction close navigation menu back to previous navigation menu putter instruction close navigation menu back to previous navigation menu fundamentals close navigation menu back to previous navigation menu drivers close navigation menu back to previous navigation menu fairway woods close navigation menu back to previous navigation menu hybrids close navigation menu back to previous navigation menu irons close navigation menu back to previous navigation menu wedges close navigation menu back to previous navigation menu putters close navigation menu back to previous navigation menu golf balls close navigation menu back to previous navigation menu mic'd up close navigation menu back to previous navigation menu md4 spin challenge close navigation menu back to previous navigation menu extras close navigation menu back to previous navigation menu 3 hole challenge close navigation menu search close navigation menu search search global.header.account.title close navigation menu 1-877-723-5218 contact us order status find a retailer faqs warranty info counterfeit warning return policy payment/shipping options trade-in! trade-up! back to previous navigation menu account close navigation menu log in sign up profile order history fitting history rewards back to previous navigation menu log in close navigation menu sign in to start earning. email address password forgot your password? sign in remember me loading... free shipping & returns for rewards members added to cart! apex irons the only irons awarded 20 out of 20 stars in the 2019 golf digest hot list. apex 19 is designed to deliver long, consistent distance, and optimum ball flight with extremely soft feel. build yours now apex irons the only irons awarded 20 out of 20 stars in the 2019 golf digest hot list. apex 19 is designed to deliver long, consistent distance, and optimum ball flight with extremely soft feel. build yours now gear up super hybrids from $319.99 jaws md5 platinum chrome wedges from $159.99 epic flash drivers from $529.99 jaws md5 callaway customs wedges from $159.99 epic flash drivers from $529.99 epic flash hybrids from $299.99 epic forged irons individual irons from $299.99 sets from $2,399.99 only $34.99 + free personalization! chrome soft golf balls from $44.99 $34.99 recent headlines arnold palmer experience || a callaway community event we invited 8 members of the callaway community to latrobe country club, home of golf legend arnold palmer, for the first ever arnold palmer experience. over the next 24 hours, they experienced what it was like to play on the king’s turf and access memories few others get to witness. watch now arnold palmer experience || a callaway community event october 31, 2019 what you need to know: super hybrid 2019 we’ve set a performance milestone in the super hybrid to create something entirely new: a hybrid that can deliver the power of a fairway wood. check out everything you need to know about the new line of powerful hybrids. view pre-order now what you need to know: super hybrid october 22, 2019 what you need to know: stroke lab black 2019 the super high moi ten and bird of prey mallet putters make up the odyssey stroke lab black line and are already generating a ton of buzz with their distinct head shapes and outstanding performance. check out everything you need to know about the new line of putters. view shop stroke lab black what you need to know: stroke lab black october 15, 2019 what you need to know: apex smoke irons 2019 with apex smoke, you’re getting the ultimate forged players distance iron in a smoke finish. here’s what you need to know about the unforgettable look and performance in these irons. view shop apex smoke what you need to know: apex smoke irons october 10, 2019 kevin na rolls to victory 2019 with a historic performance on the greens using his odyssey toulon madison putter and consistency with his epic flash fairway wood, callaway staffer kevin na closed out the second shriners hospitals for children open championship of his career. check out what he had in the bag in vegas. view kevin na rolls to victory shriners hospitals for children open building jaws md5 wedges on the callaway tour truck callaway pro tour technician, kevin napier, shows you how he builds new jaws md5 wedges for the best players in the world and what grinds they play. watch now building jaws md5 wedges on the callaway tour truck september 25, 2019 recent headlines arnold palmer experience || a callaway community event 2019 we invited 8 members of the callaway community to latrobe country club, home of golf legend arnold palmer, for the first ever arnold palmer experience. over the next 24 hours, they experienced what it was like to play on the king’s turf and access memories few others get to witness. watch now watch now what you need to know: super hybrid october 22, 2019 we’ve set a performance milestone in the super hybrid to create something entirely new: a hybrid that can deliver the power of a fairway wood. check out everything you need to know about the new line of powerful hybrids. details pre-order now what you need to know: stroke lab black october 15, 2019 the super high moi ten and bird of prey mallet putters make up the odyssey stroke lab black line and are already generating a ton of buzz with their distinct head shapes and outstanding performance. check out everything you need to know about the new line of putters. details shop stroke lab black what you need to know: apex smoke irons october 10, 2019 with apex smoke, you’re getting the ultimate forged players distance iron in a smoke finish. here’s what you need to know about the unforgettable look and performance in these irons. details shop apex smoke kevin na rolls to victory october 07, 2019 with a historic performance on the greens using his odyssey toulon madison putter and consistency with his epic flash fairway wood, callaway staffer kevin na closed out the second shriners hospitals for children open championship of his career. check out what he had in the bag in vegas. learn more building jaws md5 wedges on the callaway tour truck 2019 callaway pro tour technician, kevin napier, shows you how he builds new jaws md5 wedges for the best players in the world and what grinds they play. watch now watch now callaway originals callaway original series forefront 2019 1 season 3 episodes from the use of ai in equipment, to sustainable course architecture, to the rise of interactive screen golf, forefront explores the revolutionary trends in golf that are driving the future of the game. watch now new episodes forefront-logo forefront 1 season | 3 episodes callaway original series home course 2019 2 seasons 8 episodes we set out to profile the most unique golf locations around the country based on their stories, communities and characters. while the cultures across the series are remarkably diverse, the courses are united by the passion of the players who call them home. watch now home-course home course 2 seasons | 8 episodes callaway original series a journey north 2019 1 season 1 episode golden tate follows his passion for golf all the way to northern ireland. the nfl wide receiver reflects on an unforgettable journey to one of the biggest golf stadiums in the world at royal portrush golf club, home of the 2019 open championship. watch now a journey north 1 season | 1 episode callaway original series the jump 2018 1 season 4 episodes what's it like to be labeled as the next big thing in the game? get inside the minds of callaway's youngest superstars making the transition from golf's minor leagues to the pga tour. watch now the jump 1 season | 4 episodes callaway original series homecoming 2019 1 season 1 episode back to bethpage black (a mini doc) is a raw and unique look at the entire bethpage black experience through the eyes of a (former) local amateur. bethpage state park is an incredibly special place for every golfer who visits, but it’s especially meaningful to those that call it their home course. watch now homecoming 1 season | 1 episode callaway original series callaway live 2018 2 seasons 32 episodes live show? no script? what could possibly go wrong? callaway live gives viewers access to unscripted moments with celebrities, ceos, athletes, media types and tour players casually chatting about golf, life and presumably everything in between. watch now callaway live 2 seasons | 32 episodes callaway original series golf lives 2019 1 season 4 episodes our most compelling, emotional and vibrant stories from golfers of all walks of life. golf lives (pronounced "livz") focuses its narratives on the unsuspecting characters and courses that make the game so relatable and connective. watch out for our new season, launching summer 2019. watch now golf lives 1 season | 4 episodes callaway original series off day 2019 1 season 1 episode we spent an unforgettable day with '16 open champion, henrik stenson, at his home in orlando, fla., to get a taste of the hilarious sarcastic wit, where his work ethic comes from, and even challenged him to see what kind of wake-surfing game he has (which is must see). watch now off day 1 season | 1 episode callaway original series vice sports meets 2017 1 season 1 episode kiradech aphibarnrat has become an underground golf celebrity due to his love of jet skis, sneakers made by kanye west and expensive cars. we traveled to bangkok, thailand to see him in action and get the full story. watch now vice sports meets 1 season | 1 episode callaway original series crazy train 2019 1 season 1 episode joe miller swings a golf club 150 mph, hits the ball 225 mph, and is the reigning world long drive champion. he got his start lifting weights, took a job working at a driving range and ultimately ended up crushing golf balls further than anyone in the world. watch now crazy train 1 season | 1 episode callaway original series vs sitdowns 2017 1 season 1 episode the meteoric rise of child prodigies almost always comes with a fall, but what happens after that? for michelle wie, the last few years have meant building a fulfilling life and letting go of the pressure of being the "next big thing." watch now vs sitdowns 1 season | 1 episode callaway original series the jump 2018 1 season 4 episodes what's it like to be labeled as the next big thing in the game? get inside the minds of callaway's youngest superstars making the transition from golf's minor leagues to the pga tour. watch now the jump 1 season | 4 episodes callaway original series distance lab 2016 1 season 4 episodes bridging the gap between action sports and golf, renowned golf instructor hank haney teaching action sports stars how to hit a golf ball further than they ever imagined. watch now distance lab 1 season | 4 episodes the jump trailer 2018 what's it like to be labeled as the next big thing in the game? get inside the minds of callaway's youngest superstars making the transition from golf's minor leagues to the pga tour. watch now callaway live trailer 2018 live show? no script? what could possibly go wrong? callaway live gives viewers access to unscripted moments with celebrities, ceos, athletes, media types and tour players casually chatting about golf, life and presumably everything in between. watch now golf lives trailer 2016 our most compelling, emotional and vibrant stories from golfers of all walks of life. golf lives (pronounced "livz") focuses its narratives on the unsuspecting characters and courses that make the game so relatable and connective. watch out for our new season, launching summer 2019. watch now the jump trailer 2018 what's it like to be labeled as the next big thing in the game? get inside the minds of callaway's youngest superstars making the transition from golf's minor leagues to the pga tour. watch now distance lab trailer 2016 bridging the gap between action sports and golf, renowned golf instructor hank haney teaching action sports stars how to hit a golf ball further than they ever imagined. watch now selector tools online driver selector find the driver that's right for your game view online driver selector selector tool online fairway wood selector find the fairway wood that's right for your game view online fairway wood selector selector tool online iron selector find the irons that are right for your game view online iron selector selector tool online wedge selector find the wedge that's right for your game view online wedge selector selector tool online ball selector find the ball that's right for your game view online ball selector selector tool selector tools find the driver that's right for your game find the fairway wood that's right for your game find the iron that's right for your game find the wedge that's right for your game find the ball that's right for your game podcasts shipshow 70 episodes this twice-weekly podcast, hosted by jeff is a light-hearted approach to the game and connects listeners with some of the most compelling people, culture, narratives, and current events in golf. listen now new episode shipshow 70 episodes girls n' golf 4 episodes girls n' golf is a podcast by and for the women who love to play the game. when it comes to what it's like for a female out in the world of golf - sarah and lex keep it real. listen now girls n' golf 4 episodes real golf talk 2 episodes world golf hall-of-famer johnny miller is back with his legendary takes in a new podcast hosted by chris harrison (of abc’s the bachelor franchise) listen now real golf talk 2 episodes the fitting room 26 episodes why do pros play the clubs they do? why are you playing the wrong irons? how come your wedges have so much bounce? these are just some of the topics that nate addresses on this bi-weekly podcast. he picks the brains of tour pros, equipment experts and the brightest fitters in the world to help golfers make sure they're playing the right clubs. listen now new episode the fitting room 26 episodes wincast 6 episodes join us as we catch up with our tour pros after their big wins! listen now wincast 6 episodes create chris labrooy 2019 💰moneyyyy. $ix of the first eight names on #theopen leaderboard after round one are rolling the #1 putter in golf. @odysseygolf #strokelab #callawaycreate view chris labrooy @chrislabrooy travis ragsdale 2019 let the fireworks begin. happy 4th of july! 🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸 #madeintheusa #chromesoft #callawaycreate view travis ragsdale @travisragsdale alex green 2019 happy father's day, dads! ☕️⛳️ now fire up a pot of coffee and assume the position...it's #usopen sunday at pebble beach. view alex green @alexgreendraws clement mazieres 2019 big bertha irons + erc soft golf ball = the ultimate distance combo 🚀🚀🚀 - animation by @clemmzrs for #callawaycreate. #1ironsingolf #ercsoft #bigbertha view clement mazieres @clemmzrs mike borkowski 2019 ten million and counting. we’re proud to be partners with bunkers in baghdad, who just surpassed 10,000,000 golf balls collected and shipped to troops and vets around the world! 👏👏👏 view mike borkowski @mborkowskiart chris labrooy 2019 chrome soft packs a punch 👊. led by the groundbreaking graphene-infused dual softfast core, chrome soft delivers tour-proven distance and performance with exceptional spin and feel. view chris labrooy @chrislabrooy elias stein 2019 [major giveaway!] all things bethpage black: a tribute to this week’s #pgachamp venue from callaway creator @elias_stein. - sweepstakes ends sunday, may 19th at 5:00pm pt. three winners will be chosen at random from all entries and notified on this post within 24 hours. must be following @callawaygolf to be eligible. good luck! #callawaycreate #bethpageblack view elias stein @elias_stein travis ragsdale 2019 time to show your colors! 🎨 the new and improved supersoft golf ball is now available in matte green, orange, red and pink. 🎥 hypnotizing video by @travisragsdale for #callawaycreate. view travis ragsdale @travisragsdale create view this post on instagram 💰moneyyyy. $ix of the first eight names on #theopen leaderboard after round one are rolling the #1 putter in golf. @odysseygolf #strokelab #callawaycreate a post shared by callaway golf (@callawaygolf) on jul 18, 2019 at 1:34pm pdt view this post on instagram let the fireworks begin. happy 4th of july! 🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸 #madeintheusa #chromesoft #callawaycreate a post shared by callaway golf (@callawaygolf) on jul 4, 2019 at 7:08am pdt view this post on instagram happy father's day, dads! ☕️⛳️ now fire up a pot of coffee and assume the position...it's #usopen sunday at pebble beach. what are some of your favorite #fathersday golf memories? a post shared by callaway golf (@callawaygolf) on jun 16, 2019 at 9:10am pdt view this post on instagram big bertha irons + erc soft golf ball = the ultimate distance combo 🚀🚀🚀 - animation by @clemmzrs for #callawaycreate. #1ironsingolf #ercsoft #bigbertha a post shared by callaway golf (@callawaygolf) on jun 3, 2019 at 3:29pm pdt view this post on instagram ten million and counting. we’re proud to be partners with bunkers in baghdad, who just surpassed 10,000,000 golf balls collected and shipped to troops and vets around the world! 👏👏👏 #teamcallaway #callawaycreate a post shared by callaway golf (@callawaygolf) on may 24, 2019 at 7:46am pdt view this post on instagram chrome soft packs a punch 👊. led by the groundbreaking graphene-infused dual softfast core, chrome soft delivers tour-proven distance and performance with exceptional spin and feel. you’ve never played a ball like this. (image by @chrislabrooy for #callawaycreate) a post shared by callaway golf (@callawaygolf) on may 23, 2019 at 9:36am pdt view this post on instagram the pga championship starts today, and i teamed up with @callawaygolf for a limited edition poster celebrating this year’s course: bethpage black. check out the @callawaygolf page for details on how to win. thanks to @ajvoelpel for the opportunity! ⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣ ⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣ ⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣ ⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣ ⁣⁣⁣#callaway #callawaycreate #bethpageblack #bethpage #pga #pgatour #illustrator #illustration #vectorillustration #vectorart #golf a post shared by elias stein (@elias_stein) on may 16, 2019 at 9:37am pdt view this post on instagram time to show your colors! 🎨 the new and improved supersoft golf ball is now available in matte green, orange, red and pink. 🎥 hypnotizing video by @travisragsdale for #callawaycreate. a post shared by callaway golf (@callawaygolf) on apr 21, 2019 at 5:04pm pdt free shipping receive free shipping and returns world-class support call 1-877-723-5218 & speak to product experts. free returns not satisfied? return your product for free. rewards program earn points & redeem towards unique products. free shipping & returns rewards members get free shipping & free returns on all orders still not a member of callaway rewards? join & start earning points. join today free ground shipping on all orders (excludes logo orders) free returns on all orders no promo or coupon codes are required only valid with ups ground shipping discounts will automatically apply sorry, this free shipping offer is not valid in conjunction with gmc promo coupons or any type of shopping spree gift cards. this offer excludes custom logo orders. non-rewards members get free shipping on orders over $100 & free returns free ground shipping on orders of $100 or more free returns on all orders no promo or coupon codes are required only valid with ups ground must have a subtotal (before tax & shipping) of $100 or more shipping discounts will automatically apply sorry, this free shipping offer is not valid in conjunction with gmc promo coupons or any type of shopping spree gift cards. this offer excludes custom logo orders. free return shipping callaway golf wants you to be fully satisfied with every item you purchase. if you are not satisfied with the item you have purchased, you may return it within 30 days of delivery for a full refund of the product price. this does not include expedited shipping, handling, or any customization charges that may have been assessed. to qualify for a refund: the item must be returned in new and unused condition. accompanied by a return merchandise authorization (rma). must be complete with all parts and accessories in-tact. to obtain a return merchandise authorization (rma) and your free ups return shipping label, please contact a sales and customer service representative toll free at 1-877-723-5218 or email us. *no coupon code required. in some instances, items will ship when they become available, not necessarily when the order is placed. free shipping available only to addresses within the contiguous us. close your order status order status order number order number zip code check status reset your password reset password provide your email address below and we will send you a new password shortly. email address send password subscribe to our newsletter enter your email address sign up no, thanks help contact us order status find a retailer faqs warranty info counterfeit warning return policy payment/shipping options trade-in! trade-up! corporate our brands about us press center investor relations careers military appreciation accessibility statement legal terms & conditions privacy policy ad and cookie policy testimonial disclaimer corporate social responsibility environmental responsibility change your region usa australia canada china europe india japan korea latin america new zealand 2180 rutherford road - carlsbad, ca 92008 1-877-723-5218 © 2019 callaway golf company. all rights reserved.