来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20191211215448/https://www.callawaygolf.com/videos/callaway-originals/
================================================================================

callaway golf videos | callaway originals | reviews & videos skip to main content callaway golf 0 menu close navigation menu search clubs golf balls gear customs fitting find a store videos podcasts headlines team create community account info cart ( 0 ) back to previous navigation menu clubs close navigation menu drivers fairway woods iron/combo sets hybrids wedges putters juniors/complete sets women's left-handed clearance pre-owned trade in! trade up! view all clubs back to previous navigation menu golf balls close navigation menu chrome soft erc soft supersoft supersoft magna superhot warbird truvis strata clearance view all golf balls back to previous navigation menu gear close navigation menu golf bags headwear gloves travel limited edition headcovers bag accessories apparel footwear course gear eyewear ogio clearance gift cards view all accessories back to previous navigation menu customs close navigation menu custom clubs custom golf balls limited auctions custom logo view all customs back to previous navigation menu fitting close navigation menu distance fitting fitting studios fitting event authorized fitting locations online driver selector online fairway selector online iron selector online wedge selector online ball selector fitting room podcast view all custom fitting back to previous navigation menu videos close navigation menu callaway originals instruction product tour inside callaway view all videos back to previous navigation menu podcasts close navigation menu the fitting room the callaway golf podcast girls n' golf wincast real golf talk the putting podcast view all podcasts back to previous navigation menu headlines close navigation menu product news what's in the bag? exclusives view all headlines back to previous navigation menu create close navigation menu back to previous navigation menu community close navigation menu home product reviews & testing fitting corner equipment inside callaway contests, giveaways, & sweeps your game & more view all community back to previous navigation menu drivers close navigation menu back to previous navigation menu fairway woods close navigation menu back to previous navigation menu iron/combo sets close navigation menu back to previous navigation menu hybrids close navigation menu back to previous navigation menu wedges close navigation menu back to previous navigation menu putters close navigation menu triple track stroke lab black stroke lab toulon design toulon garage view all putters back to previous navigation menu juniors/complete sets close navigation menu back to previous navigation menu women's close navigation menu drivers fairway woods irons/combo sets hybrids wedges complete sets view all women's back to previous navigation menu left-handed close navigation menu drivers fairway woods irons/combo sets hybrids wedges view all left-handed clubs back to previous navigation menu clearance close navigation menu back to previous navigation menu chrome soft close navigation menu back to previous navigation menu erc soft close navigation menu back to previous navigation menu supersoft close navigation menu back to previous navigation menu supersoft magna close navigation menu back to previous navigation menu superhot close navigation menu back to previous navigation menu warbird close navigation menu back to previous navigation menu truvis close navigation menu back to previous navigation menu strata close navigation menu back to previous navigation menu golf bags close navigation menu stand bags cart bags staff bags caddy bags view all golf bags back to previous navigation menu headwear close navigation menu back to previous navigation menu gloves close navigation menu back to previous navigation menu travel close navigation menu back to previous navigation menu limited edition close navigation menu back to previous navigation menu headcovers close navigation menu back to previous navigation menu bag accessories close navigation menu back to previous navigation menu apparel close navigation menu back to previous navigation menu footwear close navigation menu back to previous navigation menu course gear close navigation menu rangefinders visio training aids towels umbrellas tools and markers weight kits view all course gear back to previous navigation menu eyewear close navigation menu back to previous navigation menu clearance close navigation menu back to previous navigation menu gift cards close navigation menu back to previous navigation menu custom clubs close navigation menu back to previous navigation menu custom golf balls close navigation menu back to previous navigation menu limited auctions close navigation menu back to previous navigation menu callaway originals close navigation menu back to previous navigation menu instruction close navigation menu driver instruction fairway instruction hybrid instruction iron instruction wedge instruction putter instruction fundamentals view all instruction back to previous navigation menu product close navigation menu drivers fairway woods hybrids irons wedges putters golf balls view all product back to previous navigation menu tour close navigation menu mic'd up md4 spin challenge extras 3 hole challenge view all tour back to previous navigation menu inside callaway close navigation menu back to previous navigation menu the fitting room close navigation menu back to previous navigation menu the callaway golf podcast close navigation menu back to previous navigation menu girls n' golf close navigation menu back to previous navigation menu wincast close navigation menu back to previous navigation menu real golf talk close navigation menu back to previous navigation menu the putting podcast close navigation menu back to previous navigation menu product news close navigation menu back to previous navigation menu what's in the bag? close navigation menu back to previous navigation menu exclusives close navigation menu back to previous navigation menu drivers close navigation menu back to previous navigation menu fairway woods close navigation menu back to previous navigation menu irons/combo sets close navigation menu back to previous navigation menu hybrids close navigation menu back to previous navigation menu wedges close navigation menu back to previous navigation menu complete sets close navigation menu back to previous navigation menu drivers close navigation menu back to previous navigation menu fairway woods close navigation menu back to previous navigation menu irons/combo sets close navigation menu back to previous navigation menu hybrids close navigation menu back to previous navigation menu wedges close navigation menu back to previous navigation menu stand bags close navigation menu back to previous navigation menu cart bags close navigation menu back to previous navigation menu staff bags close navigation menu back to previous navigation menu caddy bags close navigation menu back to previous navigation menu driver instruction close navigation menu back to previous navigation menu fairway instruction close navigation menu back to previous navigation menu hybrid instruction close navigation menu back to previous navigation menu iron instruction close navigation menu back to previous navigation menu wedge instruction close navigation menu back to previous navigation menu putter instruction close navigation menu back to previous navigation menu fundamentals close navigation menu back to previous navigation menu drivers close navigation menu back to previous navigation menu fairway woods close navigation menu back to previous navigation menu hybrids close navigation menu back to previous navigation menu irons close navigation menu back to previous navigation menu wedges close navigation menu back to previous navigation menu putters close navigation menu back to previous navigation menu golf balls close navigation menu back to previous navigation menu mic'd up close navigation menu back to previous navigation menu md4 spin challenge close navigation menu back to previous navigation menu extras close navigation menu back to previous navigation menu 3 hole challenge close navigation menu search close navigation menu search search global.header.account.title close navigation menu 1-877-723-5218 contact us order status find a retailer faqs warranty info counterfeit warning return policy payment/shipping options trade-in! trade-up! callaway e-partner program back to previous navigation menu account close navigation menu log in sign up profile order history fitting history rewards back to previous navigation menu log in close navigation menu sign in to start earning. email address password forgot your password? sign in remember me loading... free shipping & returns for rewards members added to cart! videos callaway originals instruction product tour inside callaway callaway originals bringing you some of the most exciting, interesting and unique video content in the game. check back often for new series dropping throughout the year! callaway originals bringing you some of the most exciting, interesting and unique video content in the game. check back often for new series dropping throughout the year! forefront 2019 1 season 3 episodes from the use of ai in equipment, to sustainable course architecture, to the rise of interactive screen golf, forefront explores the revolutionary trends in golf that are driving the future of the game. watch now forefront 1 season | 3 episodes home course 2019 2 seasons 8 episodes we set out to profile the most unique golf locations around the country based on their stories, communities and characters. while the cultures across the series are remarkably diverse, the courses are united by the passion of the players who call them home. watch now home course 2 seasons | 8 episodes a journey north 2019 1 season 1 episode golden tate follows his passion for golf all the way to northern ireland. the nfl wide receiver reflects on an unforgettable journey to one of the biggest golf stadiums in the world at royal portrush golf club, home of the 2019 open championship. watch now a journey north 1 season | 1 episode ball & tee 2019 1 season 9 episodes if your ball and tee could talk, what would they say? in this collaborative series with all things comedy, we gave ball & tee lighthearted personalities to see how they would roast a number of golf stereotypes that you typically see on the course. watch now ball & tee 1 season | 9 episodes the jump 2018 1 season 4 episodes what's it like to be labeled as the next big thing in the game? get inside the minds of callaway's youngest superstars making the transition from golf's minor leagues to the pga tour. watch now the jump 1 season | 4 episodes golf lives 2020 1 season 4 episodes our most compelling, emotional and vibrant stories from golfers of all walks of life. golf lives (pronounced "livz") focuses its narratives on the unsuspecting characters and courses that make the game so relatable and connective. watch out for our new season, launching summer 2019. watch now golf lives 1 season | 4 episodes callaway live 2018 2 seasons 32 episodes live show? no script? what could possibly go wrong? callaway live gives viewers access to unscripted moments with celebrities, ceos, athletes, media types and tour players casually chatting about golf, life and presumably everything in between. watch now callaway live 2 seasons | 32 episodes homecoming 2019 1 season 1 episode back to bethpage black (a mini doc) is a raw and unique look at the entire bethpage black experience through the eyes of a (former) local amateur. bethpage state park is an incredibly special place for every golfer who visits, but it’s especially meaningful to those that call it their home course. watch now homecoming 1 season | 1 episode vs sitdowns 2017 1 season 1 episode the meteoric rise of child prodigies almost always comes with a fall, but what happens after that? for michelle wie, the last few years have meant building a fulfilling life and letting go of the pressure of being the "next big thing." watch now vs sitdowns 1 season | 1 episode vice sports meets 2017 1 season 1 episode kiradech aphibarnrat has become an underground golf celebrity due to his love of jet skis, sneakers made by kanye west and expensive cars. we traveled to bangkok, thailand to see him in action and get the full story. watch now vice sports meets 1 season | 1 episode crazy train 2019 1 season 1 episode joe miller swings a golf club 150 mph, hits the ball 225 mph, and is the reigning world long drive champion. he got his start lifting weights, took a job working at a driving range and ultimately ended up crushing golf balls further than anyone in the world. watch now crazy train 1 season | 1 episode off day 2019 1 season 1 episode we spent an unforgettable day with '16 open champion, henrik stenson, at his home in orlando, fla., to get a taste of the hilarious sarcastic wit, where his work ethic comes from, and even challenged him to see what kind of wake-surfing game he has (which is must see). watch now off day 1 season | 1 episode distance lab 2016 1 season 4 episodes bridging the gap between action sports and golf, renowned golf instructor hank haney teaching action sports stars how to hit a golf ball further than they ever imagined. watch now distance lab 1 season | 4 episodes the jump trailer 2018 what's it like to be labeled as the next big thing in the game? get inside the minds of callaway's youngest superstars making the transition from golf's minor leagues to the pga tour. watch now golf lives trailer 2016 our most compelling, emotional and vibrant stories from golfers of all walks of life. golf lives (pronounced "livz") focuses its narratives on the unsuspecting characters and courses that make the game so relatable and connective. watch out for our new season, launching summer 2019. watch now callaway live trailer 2018 live show? no script? what could possibly go wrong? callaway live gives viewers access to unscripted moments with celebrities, ceos, athletes, media types and tour players casually chatting about golf, life and presumably everything in between. watch now distance lab trailer 2016 bridging the gap between action sports and golf, renowned golf instructor hank haney teaching action sports stars how to hit a golf ball further than they ever imagined. watch now free shipping receive free shipping and returns world-class support call 1-877-723-5218 & speak to product experts. free returns not satisfied? return your product for free. rewards program earn points & redeem towards unique products. free shipping & returns rewards members get free shipping & free returns on all orders still not a member of callaway rewards? join & start earning points. join today free ground shipping on all orders (excludes logo orders) free returns on all orders no promo or coupon codes are required only valid with ups ground shipping discounts will automatically apply sorry, this free shipping offer is not valid in conjunction with gmc promo coupons or any type of shopping spree gift cards. this offer excludes custom logo orders. non-rewards members get free shipping on orders over $100 & free returns free ground shipping on orders of $100 or more free returns on all orders no promo or coupon codes are required only valid with ups ground must have a subtotal (before tax & shipping) of $100 or more shipping discounts will automatically apply sorry, this free shipping offer is not valid in conjunction with gmc promo coupons or any type of shopping spree gift cards. this offer excludes custom logo orders. free return shipping callaway golf wants you to be fully satisfied with every item you purchase. if you are not satisfied with the item you have purchased, you may return it within 30 days of delivery for a full refund of the product price. this does not include expedited shipping, handling, or any customization charges that may have been assessed. to qualify for a refund: the item must be returned in new and unused condition. accompanied by a return merchandise authorization (rma). must be complete with all parts and accessories in-tact. to obtain a return merchandise authorization (rma) and your free ups return shipping label, please contact a sales and customer service representative toll free at 1-877-723-5218 or email us. *no coupon code required. in some instances, items will ship when they become available, not necessarily when the order is placed. free shipping available only to addresses within the contiguous us. close your order status order status order number order number zip code check status reset your password reset password provide your email address below and we will send you a new password shortly. email address send password subscribe to our newsletter enter your email address sign up no, thanks help contact us order status find a store faqs warranty info counterfeit warning return policy payment/shipping options trade-in! trade-up! become an affiliate corporate our brands about us press center investor relations careers military appreciation accessibility statement legal terms & conditions privacy policy ad and cookie policy testimonial disclaimer corporate social responsibility environmental responsibility change your region usa australia canada china europe india japan korea latin america new zealand 2180 rutherford road - carlsbad, ca 92008 1-877-723-5218 © 2020 callaway golf company. all rights reserved.