来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20201223032052/https://www.callawaygolf.com/custom-fitting/
================================================================================

callaway custom golf club fitting | specs | official site skip to main content callaway golf 0 menu close navigation menu search clubs golf balls gear women's golf customs fitting find a store videos podcasts headlines team community account info cart ( 0 ) back to previous navigation menu clubs close navigation menu drivers fairway woods iron/combo sets hybrids wedges putters juniors/complete sets women's left-handed clearance pre-owned trade in! trade up! view all clubs back to previous navigation menu golf balls close navigation menu chrome soft chrome soft x supersoft supersoft magna superhot warbird truvis strata clearance view all golf balls back to previous navigation menu gear close navigation menu golf bags headwear gloves travel headcovers bag accessories apparel footwear course gear women's accessories eyewear ogio clearance gift cards view all accessories back to previous navigation menu women's golf close navigation menu women's drivers women's fairway woods women's irons/combo sets women's hybrids women's wedges women's putters women's complete sets girls n' golf podcast women's community lpga view all women's golf back to previous navigation menu customs close navigation menu custom clubs custom golf balls limited auctions custom logo view all customs back to previous navigation menu fitting close navigation menu distance fitting fitting studios fitting event authorized fitting locations online driver selector online fairway selector online iron selector online wedge selector online ball selector fitting room podcast view all custom fitting back to previous navigation menu videos close navigation menu callaway originals instruction product tour inside callaway women's golf videos view all videos back to previous navigation menu podcasts close navigation menu the fitting room the callaway golf podcast girls n' golf henrik stenson podcast view all podcasts back to previous navigation menu headlines close navigation menu product news what's in the bag? exclusives view all headlines back to previous navigation menu community close navigation menu home product reviews & testing fitting corner equipment inside callaway contests, giveaways, & sweeps your game & more view all community back to previous navigation menu drivers close navigation menu back to previous navigation menu fairway woods close navigation menu back to previous navigation menu iron/combo sets close navigation menu back to previous navigation menu hybrids close navigation menu back to previous navigation menu wedges close navigation menu back to previous navigation menu putters close navigation menu triple track stroke lab black stroke lab toulon design toulon garage stroke lab women's view all putters back to previous navigation menu juniors/complete sets close navigation menu back to previous navigation menu women's close navigation menu drivers fairway woods irons/combo sets hybrids wedges complete sets putters view all women's back to previous navigation menu left-handed close navigation menu drivers fairway woods irons/combo sets hybrids wedges view all left-handed clubs back to previous navigation menu clearance close navigation menu back to previous navigation menu chrome soft close navigation menu back to previous navigation menu chrome soft x close navigation menu back to previous navigation menu supersoft close navigation menu back to previous navigation menu supersoft magna close navigation menu back to previous navigation menu superhot close navigation menu back to previous navigation menu warbird close navigation menu back to previous navigation menu truvis close navigation menu back to previous navigation menu strata close navigation menu back to previous navigation menu golf bags close navigation menu stand bags cart bags staff bags caddy bags view all golf bags back to previous navigation menu headwear close navigation menu back to previous navigation menu gloves close navigation menu back to previous navigation menu travel close navigation menu back to previous navigation menu headcovers close navigation menu back to previous navigation menu bag accessories close navigation menu back to previous navigation menu apparel close navigation menu back to previous navigation menu footwear close navigation menu back to previous navigation menu course gear close navigation menu rangefinders visio training aids towels umbrellas tools and markers weight kits view all course gear back to previous navigation menu eyewear close navigation menu back to previous navigation menu clearance close navigation menu back to previous navigation menu gift cards close navigation menu back to previous navigation menu women's drivers close navigation menu back to previous navigation menu women's fairway woods close navigation menu back to previous navigation menu women's irons/combo sets close navigation menu back to previous navigation menu women's hybrids close navigation menu back to previous navigation menu women's wedges close navigation menu back to previous navigation menu women's putters close navigation menu back to previous navigation menu women's complete sets close navigation menu back to previous navigation menu custom clubs close navigation menu back to previous navigation menu custom golf balls close navigation menu back to previous navigation menu limited auctions close navigation menu back to previous navigation menu callaway originals close navigation menu back to previous navigation menu instruction close navigation menu driver instruction fairway instruction hybrid instruction iron instruction wedge instruction putter instruction fundamentals view all instruction back to previous navigation menu product close navigation menu drivers fairway woods irons hybrids wedges putters golf balls view all product back to previous navigation menu tour close navigation menu mic'd up md4 spin challenge extras 3 hole challenge view all tour back to previous navigation menu inside callaway close navigation menu back to previous navigation menu women's golf videos close navigation menu back to previous navigation menu the fitting room close navigation menu back to previous navigation menu the callaway golf podcast close navigation menu back to previous navigation menu girls n' golf close navigation menu back to previous navigation menu henrik stenson podcast close navigation menu back to previous navigation menu product news close navigation menu back to previous navigation menu what's in the bag? close navigation menu back to previous navigation menu exclusives close navigation menu back to previous navigation menu drivers close navigation menu back to previous navigation menu fairway woods close navigation menu back to previous navigation menu irons/combo sets close navigation menu back to previous navigation menu hybrids close navigation menu back to previous navigation menu wedges close navigation menu back to previous navigation menu complete sets close navigation menu back to previous navigation menu putters close navigation menu back to previous navigation menu drivers close navigation menu back to previous navigation menu fairway woods close navigation menu back to previous navigation menu irons/combo sets close navigation menu back to previous navigation menu hybrids close navigation menu back to previous navigation menu wedges close navigation menu back to previous navigation menu stand bags close navigation menu back to previous navigation menu cart bags close navigation menu back to previous navigation menu staff bags close navigation menu back to previous navigation menu caddy bags close navigation menu back to previous navigation menu driver instruction close navigation menu back to previous navigation menu fairway instruction close navigation menu back to previous navigation menu hybrid instruction close navigation menu back to previous navigation menu iron instruction close navigation menu back to previous navigation menu wedge instruction close navigation menu back to previous navigation menu putter instruction close navigation menu back to previous navigation menu fundamentals close navigation menu back to previous navigation menu drivers close navigation menu back to previous navigation menu fairway woods close navigation menu back to previous navigation menu irons close navigation menu back to previous navigation menu hybrids close navigation menu back to previous navigation menu wedges close navigation menu back to previous navigation menu putters close navigation menu back to previous navigation menu golf balls close navigation menu back to previous navigation menu mic'd up close navigation menu back to previous navigation menu md4 spin challenge close navigation menu back to previous navigation menu extras close navigation menu back to previous navigation menu 3 hole challenge close navigation menu search close navigation menu search search global.header.account.title close navigation menu 1-877-723-5218 contact us order status find a retailer faqs warranty info counterfeit warning return policy payment/shipping options trade-in! trade-up! callaway e-partner program back to previous navigation menu account close navigation menu log in sign up profile order history fitting history rewards back to previous navigation menu log in close navigation menu sign in to start earning. email address password forgot your password? sign in remember me loading... free shipping & returnson all orders. added to cart! fitting distance fitting fitting studios fitting event authorized fitting locations online driver selector online fairway selector online iron selector online wedge selector online ball selector fitting room podcast custom fitting get custom fit for ultimate performance. custom fitting get custom fit for ultimate performance. online tools online driver selector find the driver that's right for your game view online driver selector selector tool online fairway wood selector find the fairway wood that's right for your game view online fairway wood selector selector tool online iron selector find the irons that are right for your game view online iron selector selector tool online wedge selector find the wedge that's right for your game view online wedge selector selector tool online ball selector find the ball that's right for your game view online ball selector selector tool custom fitting online driver selector find the driver that's right for your game online fairway wood selector find the fairway wood that's right for your game online iron selector find the irons that are right for your game online wedge selector find the wedge that's right for your game online ball selector find the ball that's right for your game fitting room podcast fitting room: ep. 150 - fitting room face off - standard length vs. longer length driver shafts our listeners wanted it, so we delivered. in this episode of the fitting room we put the latest trend on tour to the test. the fitting room team built up 47in driver shafts to go head to head with our 45.5in gamers and compared the results. they were surprising to say the least. tune in to hear the results of our test, and some best practices if you want to give it a shot. listen now new episode fitting room: ep. 150 - fitting room face off - standard length vs. longer length driver shafts episode 150 fitting room: ep. 149 - "distance fitting" a new set of x forged irons in this edition of the fitting room we bring you a distance fitting in action. we recently ran a contest with amatuergolf.com to give a lucky winner a brand new set of x forged irons, but in fitting room fashion, we had to make sure our winner was fully dialed in, so nate and john mlynarski took nathan lee through a callaway distance fitting to make sure he is locked in next time he gets out on course. tune in to hear how a distance fitting works, and how callaway master fitters can fit you for new sticks over the phone. listen now new episode fitting room: ep. 149 - "distance fitting" a new set of x forged irons episode 149 fitting room: ep. 148 - longer driver shaft...is it right for you? this week the fitting room tackles one of the hottest trends in equipment, longer driver shafts. on tour over the last few months we have seen more than a handful of players ditch the usual 45in length shaft, trying longer length options in the search for more ball speed and distance. we dig into this new trend, the pros, and the potential cons, build considerations, and if this is a trend that is here to stay. listen now fitting room: ep. 148 - longer driver shaft...is it right for you? episode 148 ep. 147 - graphite irons shafts for low handicappers in this episode of the fitting room, nate is joined by avery reed and tod boretto of mca golf to discuss the mmt shaft, the latest in graphite iron technology, and the performance benefits better players might see when switching to a graphite iron shaft. have fitting questions listen now ep. 147 - graphite irons shafts for low handicappers episode 147 fitting room: ep. 146 - oscar de la hoya’s magical new wedges & more from the golden boy the golden boy, oscar de la hoya joins us in the fitting room to talk about his love for golf and to breakdown his recent fitting and new clubs. nate and oscar get into how his life in boxing translates onto the course and how some newly fit equipment have changed his game. listen now fitting room: ep. 146 - oscar de la hoya’s magical new wedges & more from the golden boy episode 146 fitting room ep. 145 - better player irons: the new apex mb, x forged cb, and x forged ut irons this edition of the fitting room is a serious episode, for the serious player... why? because we are breaking down three brand new irons that the discerning better players will absolutely go nuts over. the new apex mb's and the new x forged cb and ut irons are here! this is the top of the pyramid when it comes to irons, and are designed specifically for the elite tour players and better players out there. tune in to get the full rundown from nate and d-nevs on the design features and philosophy, new tech, and performance you can expect from these head turning irons. listen now fitting room ep. 145 - better player irons: the new apex mb, x forged cb, and x forged ut irons episode 145 fitting room ep. 144: fitting lessons from the field with top-50 fitter trent maxwell at the fitting room we love to pick the brains of the world's top master fitters. trent maxwell is a top-50 fitter and recent callaway master staffer and the windmill golf center where he is the director of fitting is ohio's #1 fitting location. in this episode of the fitting room we get into trent's fitting process and methodology, his favorite parts of club fitting, and how you could potentially get fit by trent himself. listen now fitting room ep. 144: fitting lessons from the field with top-50 fitter trent maxwell episode 144 fitting room ep. 143: shaft fact or fiction part ii are you ready for more shaft talk? we received more questions than we could answer in last weeks shaft fact or fiction episode. so we are back this week to dig deeper into shaft dynamics, shaft selection (without breaking the bank), bust some more common shaft myths, and answer questions from the callaway community. have fitting questions listen now fitting room ep. 143: shaft fact or fiction part ii episode 143 fitting room podcast fitting room: ep. 150 - fitting room face off - standard length vs. longer length driver shafts 2020 episode 150 our listeners wanted it, so we delivered. in this episode of the fitting room we put the latest trend on tour to the test. the fitting room team built up 47in driver shafts to go head to head with our 45.5in gamers and compared the results. they were surprising to say the least. tune in to hear the results of our test, and some best practices if you want to give it a shot. fitting room: ep. 149 - "distance fitting" a new set of x forged irons 2020 episode 149 in this edition of the fitting room we bring you a distance fitting in action. we recently ran a contest with amatuergolf.com to give a lucky winner a brand new set of x forged irons, but in fitting room fashion, we had to make sure our winner was fully dialed in, so nate and john mlynarski took nathan lee through a callaway distance fitting to make sure he is locked in next time he gets out on course. tune in to hear how a distance fitting works, and how callaway master fitters can fit you for new sticks over the phone. there's a video for this podcast.watch it now! fitting room: ep. 148 - longer driver shaft...is it right for you? 2020 episode 148 this week the fitting room tackles one of the hottest trends in equipment, longer driver shafts. on tour over the last few months we have seen more than a handful of players ditch the usual 45in length shaft, trying longer length options in the search for more ball speed and distance. we dig into this new trend, the pros, and the potential cons, build considerations, and if this is a trend that is here to stay. ep. 147 - graphite irons shafts for low handicappers 2020 episode 147 in this episode of the fitting room, nate is joined by avery reed and tod boretto of mca golf to discuss the mmt shaft, the latest in graphite iron technology, and the performance benefits better players might see when switching to a graphite iron shaft. have fitting questions there's a video for this podcast.watch it now! fitting room: ep. 146 - oscar de la hoya’s magical new wedges & more from the golden boy 2020 episode 146 the golden boy, oscar de la hoya joins us in the fitting room to talk about his love for golf and to breakdown his recent fitting and new clubs. nate and oscar get into how his life in boxing translates onto the course and how some newly fit equipment have changed his game. there's a video for this podcast.watch it now! fitting room ep. 145 - better player irons: the new apex mb, x forged cb, and x forged ut irons 2020 episode 145 this edition of the fitting room is a serious episode, for the serious player... why? because we are breaking down three brand new irons that the discerning better players will absolutely go nuts over. the new apex mb's and the new x forged cb and ut irons are here! this is the top of the pyramid when it comes to irons, and are designed specifically for the elite tour players and better players out there. tune in to get the full rundown from nate and d-nevs on the design features and philosophy, new tech, and performance you can expect from these head turning irons. there's a video for this podcast.watch it now! fitting room ep. 144: fitting lessons from the field with top-50 fitter trent maxwell 2020 episode 144 at the fitting room we love to pick the brains of the world's top master fitters. trent maxwell is a top-50 fitter and recent callaway master staffer and the windmill golf center where he is the director of fitting is ohio's #1 fitting location. in this episode of the fitting room we get into trent's fitting process and methodology, his favorite parts of club fitting, and how you could potentially get fit by trent himself. there's a video for this podcast.watch it now! fitting room ep. 143: shaft fact or fiction part ii 2020 episode 143 are you ready for more shaft talk? we received more questions than we could answer in last weeks shaft fact or fiction episode. so we are back this week to dig deeper into shaft dynamics, shaft selection (without breaking the bank), bust some more common shaft myths, and answer questions from the callaway community. have fitting questions there's a video for this podcast.watch it now! free shipping & returns receive free shipping and returns 2-year warranty callaway products are backed for two years. 30-day money back guarantee not satisfied? return your product for a refund. easy payments make easy payments over 3,6 or 12 months free shipping & returns *free ground shipping on all orders no promo or coupon codes are required only valid with ups ground shipping discounts will automatically apply sorry, this free shipping offer is not valid in conjunction with gmc promo coupons or any type of shopping spree gift cards. this offer excludes custom logo orders. *free 2-day shipping on orders over $200 free 2-day shipping on orders over $200 no promo or coupon codes are required shipping discounts will automatically apply when you reach the $200 threshold and select ups 2 business day shipping sorry, this free shipping offer is not valid in conjunction with gmc promo coupons or any type of shopping spree gift cards. this offer excludes custom logo orders and shipping to hawaii or alaska. free return shipping callaway golf wants you to be fully satisfied with every item you purchase. if you are not satisfied with the item you have purchased, you may return it within 30 days of shipment for a full refund of the product price. if product is unused the refund will credit back to your original payment method. if product has been used the refund will be in the form of a callawaygolf.com gift card with no expiration date. in either case a return merchandise authorization(rma) is required. to obtain a return merchandise authorization (rma) and your free ups return shipping label, please contact a sales and customer service representative toll free at 1-877-723-5218 or email us. still not a member of callaway rewards? join & start earning points. join today *no coupon code required. in some instances, items will ship when they become available, not necessarily when the order is placed. free shipping available only to addresses within the contiguous us. close 2-year warranty callaway products are backed for two years warranty coverage: except as otherwise stated on the product or packaging, callaway golf company warrants its golf clubs, components, and other products purchased from an authorized callaway golf retailer or distributor to be free of defects in material and workmanship for two years. callaway golf will, without charge to the consumer, repair or replace any product or component or part thereof that is defective or becomes defective during normal use within two years after the date of purchase from an authorized callaway golf retailer or distributor. at its option, callaway golf may replace the product with a new or refurbished product. callaway golf does not warrant its products against damage caused by third parties. this warranty does not cover paint scratches, cosmetic blemishes or other normal wear and tear. callaway golf will fix such blemishes and scratches, however, for a fee. to obtain warranty service in the united states on a complete callaway golf product, return the product to a callaway golf authorized retailer or directly to callaway golf. in the case of a callaway golf component, you must obtain warranty service through an authorized callaway golf retailer of that component. outside of the united states, all warranty service must be obtained from the distributor or subsidiary in the country in which the club was purchased. to determine the callaway golf authorized retailer, distributor or subsidiary nearest you, check our website at www.callawaygolf.com or contact callaway golf directly. in california call collect 760-931-1771; outside california call toll free 1-800-588-9836. disclaimer: this warranty is in lieu of all other express warranties. callaway golf disclaims all warranties for products that are purchased from sellers other than authorized retailers or distributors, including the warranty of merchantability or the warranty of fitness for a particular purpose. callaway golf also disclaims any implied warranty, including the warranty of merchantability or the warranty of fitness for a particular purpose, and assumes no responsibility for any special, incidental, or consequential damages as to all products and components. callaway golf further disclaims any implied or express warranty of, and assumes no responsibility for, defects in workmanship caused by third parties. this warranty gives the consumer specific legal rights; a consumer may have other rights depending upon where he or she lives. some jurisdictions do not allow the exclusion or limitation of special, incidental or consequential damages, or limitations on how long a warranty lasts, so the above exclusion and limitations may not apply to everyone. outside of the united states, local taxes, tariffs or shipping charges may apply. this warranty does not apply to callaway golf® or odyssey® golf clubs purchased in australia or new zealand on or after january 1, 2011. for warranty information for purchases made in australia and new zealand on or after that date, see the south pacific warranty. the above warranty also does not apply to upro gps devices or accessories. close 30-day money back guarantee not satisfied? return your product for a refund. returns/exchanges for online purchases callaway golf wants you to be fully satisfied with every item you purchase. if you are not satisfied with the item you have purchased, you may return it within 30 days of shipment for a full refund of the product price. if product is unused the refund will credit back to your original payment method. if product has been used the refund will be in the form of a callawaygolf.com gift card with no expiration date. in either case a return merchandise authorization (rma) is required. to obtain your rma and your free ups return shipping label, please contact a sales and customer service representative toll free at 1-877-723-5218 or email us. credit card refunds on returns, we can only credit the credit card used for the original purchase. please allow 1-2 billing cycles for the refund credit to appear on your statement. gift card refunds on returns, we can only credit the gift card used for the original purchase. please allow 1-2 billing cycles for the refund credit to appear on your statement. close your order status order status order number order number zip code check status reset your password reset password provide your email address below and we will send you a new password shortly. email address send password subscribe to our newsletter enter your email address sign up no, thanks help contact us order status find a store faqs warranty info counterfeit warning return policy payment/shipping options trade-in! trade-up! become an affiliate corporate our brands about us press center investor relations careers military appreciation accessibility statement callaway golf foundation legal terms & conditions privacy policy ad and cookie policy testimonial disclaimer corporate social responsibility environmental responsibility change your region usa australia canada china europe india japan korea latin america new zealand 2180 rutherford road - carlsbad, ca 92008 1-877-723-5218 © 2020 callaway golf company. all rights reserved.