来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20201223032052/https://www.callawaygolf.com/customer-service
================================================================================

customer service | callaway skip to main content callaway golf 0 menu close navigation menu search clubs golf balls gear women's golf customs fitting find a store videos podcasts headlines team community account info cart ( 0 ) back to previous navigation menu clubs close navigation menu drivers fairway woods iron/combo sets hybrids wedges putters juniors/complete sets women's left-handed clearance pre-owned trade in! trade up! view all clubs back to previous navigation menu golf balls close navigation menu chrome soft chrome soft x supersoft supersoft magna superhot warbird truvis strata clearance view all golf balls back to previous navigation menu gear close navigation menu golf bags headwear gloves travel headcovers bag accessories apparel footwear course gear women's accessories eyewear ogio clearance gift cards view all accessories back to previous navigation menu women's golf close navigation menu women's drivers women's fairway woods women's irons/combo sets women's hybrids women's wedges women's putters women's complete sets girls n' golf podcast women's community lpga view all women's golf back to previous navigation menu customs close navigation menu custom clubs custom golf balls limited auctions custom logo view all customs back to previous navigation menu fitting close navigation menu distance fitting fitting studios fitting event authorized fitting locations online driver selector online fairway selector online iron selector online wedge selector online ball selector fitting room podcast view all custom fitting back to previous navigation menu videos close navigation menu callaway originals instruction product tour inside callaway women's golf videos view all videos back to previous navigation menu podcasts close navigation menu the fitting room the callaway golf podcast girls n' golf henrik stenson podcast view all podcasts back to previous navigation menu headlines close navigation menu product news what's in the bag? exclusives view all headlines back to previous navigation menu community close navigation menu home product reviews & testing fitting corner equipment inside callaway contests, giveaways, & sweeps your game & more view all community back to previous navigation menu drivers close navigation menu back to previous navigation menu fairway woods close navigation menu back to previous navigation menu iron/combo sets close navigation menu back to previous navigation menu hybrids close navigation menu back to previous navigation menu wedges close navigation menu back to previous navigation menu putters close navigation menu triple track stroke lab black stroke lab toulon design toulon garage stroke lab women's view all putters back to previous navigation menu juniors/complete sets close navigation menu back to previous navigation menu women's close navigation menu drivers fairway woods irons/combo sets hybrids wedges complete sets putters view all women's back to previous navigation menu left-handed close navigation menu drivers fairway woods irons/combo sets hybrids wedges view all left-handed clubs back to previous navigation menu clearance close navigation menu back to previous navigation menu chrome soft close navigation menu back to previous navigation menu chrome soft x close navigation menu back to previous navigation menu supersoft close navigation menu back to previous navigation menu supersoft magna close navigation menu back to previous navigation menu superhot close navigation menu back to previous navigation menu warbird close navigation menu back to previous navigation menu truvis close navigation menu back to previous navigation menu strata close navigation menu back to previous navigation menu golf bags close navigation menu stand bags cart bags staff bags caddy bags view all golf bags back to previous navigation menu headwear close navigation menu back to previous navigation menu gloves close navigation menu back to previous navigation menu travel close navigation menu back to previous navigation menu headcovers close navigation menu back to previous navigation menu bag accessories close navigation menu back to previous navigation menu apparel close navigation menu back to previous navigation menu footwear close navigation menu back to previous navigation menu course gear close navigation menu rangefinders visio training aids towels umbrellas tools and markers weight kits view all course gear back to previous navigation menu eyewear close navigation menu back to previous navigation menu clearance close navigation menu back to previous navigation menu gift cards close navigation menu back to previous navigation menu women's drivers close navigation menu back to previous navigation menu women's fairway woods close navigation menu back to previous navigation menu women's irons/combo sets close navigation menu back to previous navigation menu women's hybrids close navigation menu back to previous navigation menu women's wedges close navigation menu back to previous navigation menu women's putters close navigation menu back to previous navigation menu women's complete sets close navigation menu back to previous navigation menu custom clubs close navigation menu back to previous navigation menu custom golf balls close navigation menu back to previous navigation menu limited auctions close navigation menu back to previous navigation menu callaway originals close navigation menu back to previous navigation menu instruction close navigation menu driver instruction fairway instruction hybrid instruction iron instruction wedge instruction putter instruction fundamentals view all instruction back to previous navigation menu product close navigation menu drivers fairway woods irons hybrids wedges putters golf balls view all product back to previous navigation menu tour close navigation menu mic'd up md4 spin challenge extras 3 hole challenge view all tour back to previous navigation menu inside callaway close navigation menu back to previous navigation menu women's golf videos close navigation menu back to previous navigation menu the fitting room close navigation menu back to previous navigation menu the callaway golf podcast close navigation menu back to previous navigation menu girls n' golf close navigation menu back to previous navigation menu henrik stenson podcast close navigation menu back to previous navigation menu product news close navigation menu back to previous navigation menu what's in the bag? close navigation menu back to previous navigation menu exclusives close navigation menu back to previous navigation menu drivers close navigation menu back to previous navigation menu fairway woods close navigation menu back to previous navigation menu irons/combo sets close navigation menu back to previous navigation menu hybrids close navigation menu back to previous navigation menu wedges close navigation menu back to previous navigation menu complete sets close navigation menu back to previous navigation menu putters close navigation menu back to previous navigation menu drivers close navigation menu back to previous navigation menu fairway woods close navigation menu back to previous navigation menu irons/combo sets close navigation menu back to previous navigation menu hybrids close navigation menu back to previous navigation menu wedges close navigation menu back to previous navigation menu stand bags close navigation menu back to previous navigation menu cart bags close navigation menu back to previous navigation menu staff bags close navigation menu back to previous navigation menu caddy bags close navigation menu back to previous navigation menu driver instruction close navigation menu back to previous navigation menu fairway instruction close navigation menu back to previous navigation menu hybrid instruction close navigation menu back to previous navigation menu iron instruction close navigation menu back to previous navigation menu wedge instruction close navigation menu back to previous navigation menu putter instruction close navigation menu back to previous navigation menu fundamentals close navigation menu back to previous navigation menu drivers close navigation menu back to previous navigation menu fairway woods close navigation menu back to previous navigation menu irons close navigation menu back to previous navigation menu hybrids close navigation menu back to previous navigation menu wedges close navigation menu back to previous navigation menu putters close navigation menu back to previous navigation menu golf balls close navigation menu back to previous navigation menu mic'd up close navigation menu back to previous navigation menu md4 spin challenge close navigation menu back to previous navigation menu extras close navigation menu back to previous navigation menu 3 hole challenge close navigation menu search close navigation menu search search global.header.account.title close navigation menu 1-877-723-5218 contact us order status find a retailer faqs warranty info counterfeit warning return policy payment/shipping options trade-in! trade-up! callaway e-partner program back to previous navigation menu account close navigation menu log in sign up profile order history fitting history rewards back to previous navigation menu log in close navigation menu sign in to start earning. email address password forgot your password? sign in remember me loading... free shipping & returnson all orders. added to cart! customer service customer service contact us help orders/shipping corporate legal governance email us select the option below that most closely matches your issue. back help placing an order i would like to have someone contact me to assist in placing an order i would like to check my balance, and/or redeem my callaway golf gift card warranty product registration question about a product(s) custom logo apparel footwear clubs accessories eyewear balls returns initiate a return status of my return product donation request hole in one website issues unable to log into my account/community unsubscribe password reset unable to view my rewards points/reward points not updating question about existing order order not placed directly with callawaygolf.com order placed directly with callawaygolf.com change order no email confirmation received trade in! trade up! status cancel order order status trade in trade up i have a trade in trade up and would like to have someone contact me to assist in placing an order i have a question about an existing trade contact us first name last name email phone order number order number forms.contactus.category.label forms.contactus.category.label forms.contactus.tag.label forms.contactus.tag.label forms.contactus.formselection.label forms.contactus.formselection.label comment submit please note: due to a high volume of inquiries, our customer service teams are experiencing exceptionally high call and e-mail volume. we understand the urgency and importance of many of the inquiries, and we are working diligently to respond. despite these efforts, you may experience extended wait times in the telephone queues and delayed e-mail responses. callawaygolf.com sales & customer service to place an order or for assistance with products purchased on a callaway website. mon-fri: 8am-5pm cst saturday: 9am-3pm cst 1-877-723-5218 retail purchase customer service for assistance with products purchased at a golf retail store or website. mon-fri: 7am-4pm pst 1-800-588-9836 corporate office callaway golf company 2180 rutherford road carlsbad, ca 92008 free shipping & returns receive free shipping and returns 2-year warranty callaway products are backed for two years. 30-day money back guarantee not satisfied? return your product for a refund. easy payments make easy payments over 3,6 or 12 months free shipping & returns *free ground shipping on all orders no promo or coupon codes are required only valid with ups ground shipping discounts will automatically apply sorry, this free shipping offer is not valid in conjunction with gmc promo coupons or any type of shopping spree gift cards. this offer excludes custom logo orders. *free 2-day shipping on orders over $200 free 2-day shipping on orders over $200 no promo or coupon codes are required shipping discounts will automatically apply when you reach the $200 threshold and select ups 2 business day shipping sorry, this free shipping offer is not valid in conjunction with gmc promo coupons or any type of shopping spree gift cards. this offer excludes custom logo orders and shipping to hawaii or alaska. free return shipping callaway golf wants you to be fully satisfied with every item you purchase. if you are not satisfied with the item you have purchased, you may return it within 30 days of shipment for a full refund of the product price. if product is unused the refund will credit back to your original payment method. if product has been used the refund will be in the form of a callawaygolf.com gift card with no expiration date. in either case a return merchandise authorization(rma) is required. to obtain a return merchandise authorization (rma) and your free ups return shipping label, please contact a sales and customer service representative toll free at 1-877-723-5218 or email us. still not a member of callaway rewards? join & start earning points. join today *no coupon code required. in some instances, items will ship when they become available, not necessarily when the order is placed. free shipping available only to addresses within the contiguous us. close 2-year warranty callaway products are backed for two years warranty coverage: except as otherwise stated on the product or packaging, callaway golf company warrants its golf clubs, components, and other products purchased from an authorized callaway golf retailer or distributor to be free of defects in material and workmanship for two years. callaway golf will, without charge to the consumer, repair or replace any product or component or part thereof that is defective or becomes defective during normal use within two years after the date of purchase from an authorized callaway golf retailer or distributor. at its option, callaway golf may replace the product with a new or refurbished product. callaway golf does not warrant its products against damage caused by third parties. this warranty does not cover paint scratches, cosmetic blemishes or other normal wear and tear. callaway golf will fix such blemishes and scratches, however, for a fee. to obtain warranty service in the united states on a complete callaway golf product, return the product to a callaway golf authorized retailer or directly to callaway golf. in the case of a callaway golf component, you must obtain warranty service through an authorized callaway golf retailer of that component. outside of the united states, all warranty service must be obtained from the distributor or subsidiary in the country in which the club was purchased. to determine the callaway golf authorized retailer, distributor or subsidiary nearest you, check our website at www.callawaygolf.com or contact callaway golf directly. in california call collect 760-931-1771; outside california call toll free 1-800-588-9836. disclaimer: this warranty is in lieu of all other express warranties. callaway golf disclaims all warranties for products that are purchased from sellers other than authorized retailers or distributors, including the warranty of merchantability or the warranty of fitness for a particular purpose. callaway golf also disclaims any implied warranty, including the warranty of merchantability or the warranty of fitness for a particular purpose, and assumes no responsibility for any special, incidental, or consequential damages as to all products and components. callaway golf further disclaims any implied or express warranty of, and assumes no responsibility for, defects in workmanship caused by third parties. this warranty gives the consumer specific legal rights; a consumer may have other rights depending upon where he or she lives. some jurisdictions do not allow the exclusion or limitation of special, incidental or consequential damages, or limitations on how long a warranty lasts, so the above exclusion and limitations may not apply to everyone. outside of the united states, local taxes, tariffs or shipping charges may apply. this warranty does not apply to callaway golf® or odyssey® golf clubs purchased in australia or new zealand on or after january 1, 2011. for warranty information for purchases made in australia and new zealand on or after that date, see the south pacific warranty. the above warranty also does not apply to upro gps devices or accessories. close 30-day money back guarantee not satisfied? return your product for a refund. returns/exchanges for online purchases callaway golf wants you to be fully satisfied with every item you purchase. if you are not satisfied with the item you have purchased, you may return it within 30 days of shipment for a full refund of the product price. if product is unused the refund will credit back to your original payment method. if product has been used the refund will be in the form of a callawaygolf.com gift card with no expiration date. in either case a return merchandise authorization (rma) is required. to obtain your rma and your free ups return shipping label, please contact a sales and customer service representative toll free at 1-877-723-5218 or email us. credit card refunds on returns, we can only credit the credit card used for the original purchase. please allow 1-2 billing cycles for the refund credit to appear on your statement. gift card refunds on returns, we can only credit the gift card used for the original purchase. please allow 1-2 billing cycles for the refund credit to appear on your statement. close your order status order status order number order number zip code check status reset your password reset password provide your email address below and we will send you a new password shortly. email address send password subscribe to our newsletter enter your email address sign up no, thanks help contact us order status find a store faqs warranty info counterfeit warning return policy payment/shipping options trade-in! trade-up! become an affiliate corporate our brands about us press center investor relations careers military appreciation accessibility statement callaway golf foundation legal terms & conditions privacy policy ad and cookie policy testimonial disclaimer corporate social responsibility environmental responsibility change your region usa australia canada china europe india japan korea latin america new zealand 2180 rutherford road - carlsbad, ca 92008 1-877-723-5218 © 2020 callaway golf company. all rights reserved.