来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20201223032052/https://www.callawaygolf.com/videos/instruction/
================================================================================

callaway golf videos | callaway golf tips | insta help skip to main content callaway golf 0 menu close navigation menu search clubs golf balls gear women's golf customs fitting find a store videos podcasts headlines team community account info cart ( 0 ) back to previous navigation menu clubs close navigation menu drivers fairway woods iron/combo sets hybrids wedges putters juniors/complete sets women's left-handed clearance pre-owned trade in! trade up! view all clubs back to previous navigation menu golf balls close navigation menu chrome soft chrome soft x supersoft supersoft magna superhot warbird truvis strata clearance view all golf balls back to previous navigation menu gear close navigation menu golf bags headwear gloves travel headcovers bag accessories apparel footwear course gear women's accessories eyewear ogio clearance gift cards view all accessories back to previous navigation menu women's golf close navigation menu women's drivers women's fairway woods women's irons/combo sets women's hybrids women's wedges women's putters women's complete sets girls n' golf podcast women's community lpga view all women's golf back to previous navigation menu customs close navigation menu custom clubs custom golf balls limited auctions custom logo view all customs back to previous navigation menu fitting close navigation menu distance fitting fitting studios fitting event authorized fitting locations online driver selector online fairway selector online iron selector online wedge selector online ball selector fitting room podcast view all custom fitting back to previous navigation menu videos close navigation menu callaway originals instruction product tour inside callaway women's golf videos view all videos back to previous navigation menu podcasts close navigation menu the fitting room the callaway golf podcast girls n' golf henrik stenson podcast view all podcasts back to previous navigation menu headlines close navigation menu product news what's in the bag? exclusives view all headlines back to previous navigation menu community close navigation menu home product reviews & testing fitting corner equipment inside callaway contests, giveaways, & sweeps your game & more view all community back to previous navigation menu drivers close navigation menu back to previous navigation menu fairway woods close navigation menu back to previous navigation menu iron/combo sets close navigation menu back to previous navigation menu hybrids close navigation menu back to previous navigation menu wedges close navigation menu back to previous navigation menu putters close navigation menu triple track stroke lab black stroke lab toulon design toulon garage stroke lab women's view all putters back to previous navigation menu juniors/complete sets close navigation menu back to previous navigation menu women's close navigation menu drivers fairway woods irons/combo sets hybrids wedges complete sets putters view all women's back to previous navigation menu left-handed close navigation menu drivers fairway woods irons/combo sets hybrids wedges view all left-handed clubs back to previous navigation menu clearance close navigation menu back to previous navigation menu chrome soft close navigation menu back to previous navigation menu chrome soft x close navigation menu back to previous navigation menu supersoft close navigation menu back to previous navigation menu supersoft magna close navigation menu back to previous navigation menu superhot close navigation menu back to previous navigation menu warbird close navigation menu back to previous navigation menu truvis close navigation menu back to previous navigation menu strata close navigation menu back to previous navigation menu golf bags close navigation menu stand bags cart bags staff bags caddy bags view all golf bags back to previous navigation menu headwear close navigation menu back to previous navigation menu gloves close navigation menu back to previous navigation menu travel close navigation menu back to previous navigation menu headcovers close navigation menu back to previous navigation menu bag accessories close navigation menu back to previous navigation menu apparel close navigation menu back to previous navigation menu footwear close navigation menu back to previous navigation menu course gear close navigation menu rangefinders visio training aids towels umbrellas tools and markers weight kits view all course gear back to previous navigation menu eyewear close navigation menu back to previous navigation menu clearance close navigation menu back to previous navigation menu gift cards close navigation menu back to previous navigation menu women's drivers close navigation menu back to previous navigation menu women's fairway woods close navigation menu back to previous navigation menu women's irons/combo sets close navigation menu back to previous navigation menu women's hybrids close navigation menu back to previous navigation menu women's wedges close navigation menu back to previous navigation menu women's putters close navigation menu back to previous navigation menu women's complete sets close navigation menu back to previous navigation menu custom clubs close navigation menu back to previous navigation menu custom golf balls close navigation menu back to previous navigation menu limited auctions close navigation menu back to previous navigation menu callaway originals close navigation menu back to previous navigation menu instruction close navigation menu driver instruction fairway instruction hybrid instruction iron instruction wedge instruction putter instruction fundamentals view all instruction back to previous navigation menu product close navigation menu drivers fairway woods irons hybrids wedges putters golf balls view all product back to previous navigation menu tour close navigation menu mic'd up md4 spin challenge extras 3 hole challenge view all tour back to previous navigation menu inside callaway close navigation menu back to previous navigation menu women's golf videos close navigation menu back to previous navigation menu the fitting room close navigation menu back to previous navigation menu the callaway golf podcast close navigation menu back to previous navigation menu girls n' golf close navigation menu back to previous navigation menu henrik stenson podcast close navigation menu back to previous navigation menu product news close navigation menu back to previous navigation menu what's in the bag? close navigation menu back to previous navigation menu exclusives close navigation menu back to previous navigation menu drivers close navigation menu back to previous navigation menu fairway woods close navigation menu back to previous navigation menu irons/combo sets close navigation menu back to previous navigation menu hybrids close navigation menu back to previous navigation menu wedges close navigation menu back to previous navigation menu complete sets close navigation menu back to previous navigation menu putters close navigation menu back to previous navigation menu drivers close navigation menu back to previous navigation menu fairway woods close navigation menu back to previous navigation menu irons/combo sets close navigation menu back to previous navigation menu hybrids close navigation menu back to previous navigation menu wedges close navigation menu back to previous navigation menu stand bags close navigation menu back to previous navigation menu cart bags close navigation menu back to previous navigation menu staff bags close navigation menu back to previous navigation menu caddy bags close navigation menu back to previous navigation menu driver instruction close navigation menu back to previous navigation menu fairway instruction close navigation menu back to previous navigation menu hybrid instruction close navigation menu back to previous navigation menu iron instruction close navigation menu back to previous navigation menu wedge instruction close navigation menu back to previous navigation menu putter instruction close navigation menu back to previous navigation menu fundamentals close navigation menu back to previous navigation menu drivers close navigation menu back to previous navigation menu fairway woods close navigation menu back to previous navigation menu irons close navigation menu back to previous navigation menu hybrids close navigation menu back to previous navigation menu wedges close navigation menu back to previous navigation menu putters close navigation menu back to previous navigation menu golf balls close navigation menu back to previous navigation menu mic'd up close navigation menu back to previous navigation menu md4 spin challenge close navigation menu back to previous navigation menu extras close navigation menu back to previous navigation menu 3 hole challenge close navigation menu search close navigation menu search search global.header.account.title close navigation menu 1-877-723-5218 contact us order status find a retailer faqs warranty info counterfeit warning return policy payment/shipping options trade-in! trade-up! callaway e-partner program back to previous navigation menu account close navigation menu log in sign up profile order history fitting history rewards back to previous navigation menu log in close navigation menu sign in to start earning. email address password forgot your password? sign in remember me loading... free shipping & returnson all orders. added to cart! videos instruction callaway originals product tour inside callaway women's golf videos 37 videos callaway staff professional joe compitello is one of the best young instructors in the country and provides useful instruction and swing advice through extremely brief, hi-def videos. watch now instruction 37 videos callaway staff professional joe compitello is one of the best young instructors in the country and provides useful instruction and swing advice through extremely brief, hi-def videos. watch now fundamentals neutral grip for a neutral grip you should see two knuckles when you look down at your left hand #instagolftips #callawaygolf watch now neutral grip february 10, 2018 load power into your swing to load power into your swing be sure to turn your shoulders more than your hips in the backswing. this view is where the jim mclean “x-factor” came from. #instagolftips #callawaygolf watch now load power into your swing january 6, 2018 moving through impact spend time indoors this winter rehearsing how your hands and arms move through impact. #instagolftips #callawaygolf watch now moving through impact december 29, 2017 improve flexibility here’s an exercise you can do to improve flexibility for golf. #callawaygolf #instagolftips watch now improve flexibility november 17, 2017 drivers a simple turn of the foot can help you get through the ball a simple turn of the foot can help you get through the ball watch now a simple turn of the foot can help you get through the ball may 7, 2020 hover the driver for a smoother takeaway hover the driver for a smoother takeaway watch now hover the driver for a smoother takeaway may 5, 2020 use triple track technology to remind yourself to hit up on the ball use triple track technology to remind yourself to hit up on the ball watch now use triple track technology to remind yourself to hit up on the ball april 13, 2020 improve your coil & add power practice this drill to improve your coil and add power into your drives. @callawaygolf #instagolftips watch now improve your coil & add power march 5, 2019 better hip rotation turn your left foot out slightly at address to allow for better hip rotation through the ball. #instagolftips @callawaygolf watch now better hip rotation february 13, 2019 driver tee height about 1/2 the ball should be above the top of your driver as a general rule for tee height. #instagolftips #callawaygolf watch now driver tee height march 19, 2018 driver rest at address let the driver rest flat on the ground at address for better driving. @callawaygolf #instagolftips #epicflash watch now driver rest at address january 8, 2019 fairway woods hit better off the ground here’s an exercise you can do to improve flexibility for golf. #callawaygolf #instagolftips watch now hit better off the ground november 17, 2017 teeing up woods leave about 1/2 the ball above the top of the club when teeing up woods. #callawaygolf #instagolftips watch now teeing up woods september 29, 2017 attack angle getting a little steep off the tee? practice hitting a 3 wood off a high tee to shallow out your attack angle. #callawaygolf #instagolftips watch now attack angle june 5, 2017 better contact for better contact with your fairway woods practice hitting the ball and then a small tee just in front of the ball. watch now better contact may 15, 2017 irons practice drill for hitting the center of the club face practice drill for hitting the center of the club face watch now practice drill for hitting the center of the club face april 12, 2019 consistent ball positioning here’s a routine for your irons to develop a consistent ball position. #instagolftips @callawaygolf watch now consistent ball positioning april 25, 2019 use a towel as a drill to avoid hitting it fat if you tend to hit it fat put a towel a few inches behind the ball as a drill to help. #instagolftips @callawaygolf @mcleangolf watch now use a towel as a drill to avoid hitting it fat april 12, 2019 center contact always practice center contact! @callawaygolf #instagolftips watch now center contact january 15, 2019 center contact use a dry erase marker to practice center contact. #instagolftips @callawaygolf watch now center contact may 21, 2018 picking the club up practice this drill to make sure you’re not picking the club up too fast with your hands. #instagolftips #callawaygolf watch now picking the club up february 28, 2018 moving through impact envision driving a tee into the ground as you move through impact with your irons #callawaygolf #instagolftips watch now moving through impact february 1, 2018 hybrids clubhead speed if you don’t have great clubhead speed. get rid of your long irons and replace with a hybrid. #instagolftips @callawaygolf watch now clubhead speed may 4, 2018 chip from tight lies near the green use a hybrid to chip from tight lies around the green. use a putting stroke to hit it. you’ll find much less volatility in the results. #instagolftips @callawaygolf watch now chip from tight lies near the green april 11, 2018 wedges practice chipping off a tee practice chipping off a small tee if you're getting steep on your chip shots. watch now practice chipping off a tee april 6, 2020 leading edge should be slighty off the ground at address the leading edge should be slightly off the ground at address. watch now leading edge should be slighty off the ground at address march 31, 2020 firm sand vs. soft sand in firm sand keep the face square to cut through it (1st vid) & in soft sand open the face to expose more bounce (2nd vid) @callawaygolf #instagolftips watch now firm sand vs. soft sand march 14, 2019 chipping contact envision keeping the club low enough after impact that you could hit 3 balls to improve your chipping contact. @callawaygolf #instagolftips watch now chipping contact february 19, 2019 basic chipping stance for a basic chip your stance should be narrow and the ball closer to your back toe. #instagolftips @callawaygolf watch now basic chipping stance may 31, 2018 toe position turn your toes slightly toward the green to improve the contact on your chips. #instagolftips #callawaygolf watch now toe position august 24, 2017 putters remove tension by hovering the putter at address remove tension by hovering the putter at address watch now remove tension by hovering the putter at address may 06, 2020 making sure you don’t hit the ground use two pennies to make sure you don’t hit the ground when putting. #instagolftips @callawaygolf @odysseygolf watch now making sure you don’t hit the ground may 31, 2019 improve your speed control to improve your speed control practice putting to an alignment stick without hopping over it. #instagolftips @callawaygolf watch now improve your speed control april 19, 2019 putting alignment if you struggle with putting alignment try the new callaway erc soft ball. the ‘triple track’ alignment aids help with putter face aim. @callawaygolf #instagolftips watch now putting alignment january 25, 2019 stroke length your stroke should be about the same length back and through. #instagolftips @callawaygolf watch now stroke length june 21, 2018 smooth out your putting stroke rest the putter softly on the ground after the hit to smooth out your putting stroke. #instagolftips @callawaygolf make some more putts this memorial day weekend! watch now smooth out your putting stroke may 26, 2018 envision a starting line some do well envisioning a starting line that the ball will fall off toward the hole. #instagolftips @callawaygolf watch now envision a starting line april 25, 2018 instruction view this post on instagram for a neutral grip you should see two knuckles when you look down at your left hand #instagolftips #callawaygolf a post shared by joe compitello golf (@jjcompit) on feb 10, 2018 at 2:46pm pst view this post on instagram to load power into your swing be sure to turn your shoulders more than your hips in the backswing. this view is where the jim mclean “x-factor” came from. #instagolftips #callawaygolf a post shared by joe compitello golf (@jjcompit) on jan 6, 2018 at 3:38pm pst view this post on instagram spend time indoors this winter rehearsing how your hands and arms move through impact. #instagolftips #callawaygolf a post shared by joe compitello golf (@jjcompit) on dec 29, 2017 at 3:02pm pst view this post on instagram here’s an exercise you can do to improve flexibility for golf. #callawaygolf #instagolftips a post shared by joe compitello golf (@jjcompit) on nov 17, 2017 at 2:07pm pst instruction view this post on instagram a post shared by joe compitello golf (@jjcompit) on mar 5, 2019 at 4:39pm pst view this post on instagram a post shared by joe compitello golf (@jjcompit) on mar 5, 2019 at 4:39pm pst view this post on instagram a post shared by joe compitello golf (@jjcompit) on mar 5, 2019 at 4:39pm pst view this post on instagram a post shared by joe compitello golf (@jjcompit) on mar 5, 2019 at 4:39pm pst view this post on instagram turn your left foot out slightly at address to allow for better hip rotation through the ball. #instagolftips @callawaygolf a post shared by joe compitello golf (@jjcompit) on feb 13, 2019 at 4:52pm pst view this post on instagram about 1/2 the ball should be above the top of your driver as a general rule for tee height. #instagolftips #callawaygolf a post shared by joe compitello golf (@jjcompit) on mar 19, 2018 at 2:40pm pdt view this post on instagram let the driver rest flat on the ground at address for better driving. @callawaygolf #instagolftips #epicflash a post shared by joe compitello golf (@jjcompit) on jan 8, 2019 at 4:46pm pst instruction try to take a small divot with your fairway wood to hit it better off the ground a post shared by joe compitello golf (@jjcompit) on may 30, 2017 at 5:40pm pdt view this post on instagram leave about 1/2 the ball above the top of the club when teeing up woods. #callawaygolf #instagolftips a post shared by joe compitello golf (@jjcompit) on sep 29, 2017 at 2:10pm pdt view this post on instagram getting a little steep off the tee? practice hitting a 3 wood off a high tee to shallow out your attack angle. #callawaygolf #instagolftips a post shared by joe compitello golf (@jjcompit) on jun 5, 2017 at 4:27pm pdt view this post on instagram for better contact with your fairway woods practice hitting the ball and then a small tee just in front of the ball. a post shared by joe compitello golf (@jjcompit) on may 15, 2017 at 3:53pm pdt instruction view this post on instagram here’s a routine for your irons to develop a consistent ball position. #instagolftips @callawaygolf a post shared by joe compitello golf (@jjcompit) on apr 25, 2019 at 4:01pm pdt view this post on instagram here’s a routine for your irons to develop a consistent ball position. #instagolftips @callawaygolf a post shared by joe compitello golf (@jjcompit) on apr 25, 2019 at 4:01pm pdt view this post on instagram if you tend to hit it fat put a towel a few inches behind the ball as a drill to help. #instagolftips @callawaygolf @mcleangolf a post shared by joe compitello golf (@jjcompit) on apr 12, 2019 at 4:36pm pdt view this post on instagram always practice center contact! @callawaygolf #instagolftips a post shared by joe compitello golf (@jjcompit) on jan 15, 2019 at 3:28pm pst view this post on instagram use a dry erase marker to practice center contact. #instagolftips @callawaygolf a post shared by joe compitello golf (@jjcompit) on may 21, 2018 at 4:54pm pdt view this post on instagram practice this drill to make sure you’re not picking the club up too fast with your hands. #instagolftips #callawaygolf a post shared by joe compitello golf (@jjcompit) on feb 28, 2018 at 3:49pm pst view this post on instagram envision driving a tee into the ground as you move through impact with your irons #callawaygolf #instagolftips a post shared by joe compitello golf (@jjcompit) on feb 1, 2018 at 3:10pm pst instruction view this post on instagram if you don’t have great clubhead speed. get rid of your long irons and replace with a hybrid. #instagolftips @callawaygolf a post shared by joe compitello golf (@jjcompit) on may 4, 2018 at 5:02pm pdt view this post on instagram use a hybrid to chip from tight lies around the green. use a putting stroke to hit it. you’ll find much less volatility in the results. #instagolftips @callawaygolf a post shared by joe compitello golf (@jjcompit) on apr 11, 2018 at 3:18pm pdt instruction view this post on instagram in firm sand keep the face square to cut through it (1st vid) & in soft sand open the face to expose more bounce (2nd vid) @callawaygolf #instagolftips a post shared by joe compitello golf (@jjcompit) on mar 14, 2019 at 4:53pm pdt view this post on instagram in firm sand keep the face square to cut through it (1st vid) & in soft sand open the face to expose more bounce (2nd vid) @callawaygolf #instagolftips a post shared by joe compitello golf (@jjcompit) on mar 14, 2019 at 4:53pm pdt view this post on instagram in firm sand keep the face square to cut through it (1st vid) & in soft sand open the face to expose more bounce (2nd vid) @callawaygolf #instagolftips a post shared by joe compitello golf (@jjcompit) on mar 14, 2019 at 4:53pm pdt view this post on instagram envision keeping the club low enough after impact that you could hit 3 balls to improve your chipping contact. @callawaygolf #instagolftips a post shared by joe compitello golf (@jjcompit) on feb 19, 2019 at 4:17pm pst view this post on instagram for a basic chip your stance should be narrow and the ball closer to your back toe. #instagolftips @callawaygolf a post shared by joe compitello golf (@jjcompit) on may 31, 2018 at 5:26pm pdt view this post on instagram turn your toes slightly toward the green to improve the contact on your chips. #instagolftips #callawaygolf a post shared by joe compitello golf (@jjcompit) on aug 24, 2017 at 4:47pm pdt instruction view this post on instagram use two pennies to make sure you don’t hit the ground when putting. #instagolftips @callawaygolf @odysseygolf a post shared by joe compitello golf (@jjcompit) on may 30, 2019 at 1:41pm pdt view this post on instagram use two pennies to make sure you don’t hit the ground when putting. #instagolftips @callawaygolf @odysseygolf a post shared by joe compitello golf (@jjcompit) on may 30, 2019 at 1:41pm pdt view this post on instagram to improve your speed control practice putting to an alignment stick without hopping over it. #instagolftips @callawaygolf a post shared by joe compitello golf (@jjcompit) on apr 19, 2019 at 4:35pm pdt view this post on instagram if you struggle with putting alignment try the new callaway erc soft ball. the ‘triple track’ alignment aids help with putter face aim. @callawaygolf #instagolftips a post shared by joe compitello golf (@jjcompit) on jan 25, 2019 at 4:12pm pst view this post on instagram your stroke should be about the same length back and through. #instagolftips @callawaygolf a post shared by joe compitello golf (@jjcompit) on jun 21, 2018 at 6:10am pdt view this post on instagram rest the putter softly on the ground after the hit to smooth out your putting stroke. #instagolftips @callawaygolf make some more putts this memorial day weekend! a post shared by joe compitello golf (@jjcompit) on may 26, 2018 at 3:29am pdt view this post on instagram some do well envisioning a starting line that the ball will fall off toward the hole. #instagolftips @callawaygolf a post shared by joe compitello golf (@jjcompit) on apr 25, 2018 at 3:22pm pdt free shipping & returns receive free shipping and returns 2-year warranty callaway products are backed for two years. 30-day money back guarantee not satisfied? return your product for a refund. easy payments make easy payments over 3,6 or 12 months free shipping & returns *free ground shipping on all orders no promo or coupon codes are required only valid with ups ground shipping discounts will automatically apply sorry, this free shipping offer is not valid in conjunction with gmc promo coupons or any type of shopping spree gift cards. this offer excludes custom logo orders. *free 2-day shipping on orders over $200 free 2-day shipping on orders over $200 no promo or coupon codes are required shipping discounts will automatically apply when you reach the $200 threshold and select ups 2 business day shipping sorry, this free shipping offer is not valid in conjunction with gmc promo coupons or any type of shopping spree gift cards. this offer excludes custom logo orders and shipping to hawaii or alaska. free return shipping callaway golf wants you to be fully satisfied with every item you purchase. if you are not satisfied with the item you have purchased, you may return it within 30 days of shipment for a full refund of the product price. if product is unused the refund will credit back to your original payment method. if product has been used the refund will be in the form of a callawaygolf.com gift card with no expiration date. in either case a return merchandise authorization(rma) is required. to obtain a return merchandise authorization (rma) and your free ups return shipping label, please contact a sales and customer service representative toll free at 1-877-723-5218 or email us. still not a member of callaway rewards? join & start earning points. join today *no coupon code required. in some instances, items will ship when they become available, not necessarily when the order is placed. free shipping available only to addresses within the contiguous us. close 2-year warranty callaway products are backed for two years warranty coverage: except as otherwise stated on the product or packaging, callaway golf company warrants its golf clubs, components, and other products purchased from an authorized callaway golf retailer or distributor to be free of defects in material and workmanship for two years. callaway golf will, without charge to the consumer, repair or replace any product or component or part thereof that is defective or becomes defective during normal use within two years after the date of purchase from an authorized callaway golf retailer or distributor. at its option, callaway golf may replace the product with a new or refurbished product. callaway golf does not warrant its products against damage caused by third parties. this warranty does not cover paint scratches, cosmetic blemishes or other normal wear and tear. callaway golf will fix such blemishes and scratches, however, for a fee. to obtain warranty service in the united states on a complete callaway golf product, return the product to a callaway golf authorized retailer or directly to callaway golf. in the case of a callaway golf component, you must obtain warranty service through an authorized callaway golf retailer of that component. outside of the united states, all warranty service must be obtained from the distributor or subsidiary in the country in which the club was purchased. to determine the callaway golf authorized retailer, distributor or subsidiary nearest you, check our website at www.callawaygolf.com or contact callaway golf directly. in california call collect 760-931-1771; outside california call toll free 1-800-588-9836. disclaimer: this warranty is in lieu of all other express warranties. callaway golf disclaims all warranties for products that are purchased from sellers other than authorized retailers or distributors, including the warranty of merchantability or the warranty of fitness for a particular purpose. callaway golf also disclaims any implied warranty, including the warranty of merchantability or the warranty of fitness for a particular purpose, and assumes no responsibility for any special, incidental, or consequential damages as to all products and components. callaway golf further disclaims any implied or express warranty of, and assumes no responsibility for, defects in workmanship caused by third parties. this warranty gives the consumer specific legal rights; a consumer may have other rights depending upon where he or she lives. some jurisdictions do not allow the exclusion or limitation of special, incidental or consequential damages, or limitations on how long a warranty lasts, so the above exclusion and limitations may not apply to everyone. outside of the united states, local taxes, tariffs or shipping charges may apply. this warranty does not apply to callaway golf® or odyssey® golf clubs purchased in australia or new zealand on or after january 1, 2011. for warranty information for purchases made in australia and new zealand on or after that date, see the south pacific warranty. the above warranty also does not apply to upro gps devices or accessories. close 30-day money back guarantee not satisfied? return your product for a refund. returns/exchanges for online purchases callaway golf wants you to be fully satisfied with every item you purchase. if you are not satisfied with the item you have purchased, you may return it within 30 days of shipment for a full refund of the product price. if product is unused the refund will credit back to your original payment method. if product has been used the refund will be in the form of a callawaygolf.com gift card with no expiration date. in either case a return merchandise authorization (rma) is required. to obtain your rma and your free ups return shipping label, please contact a sales and customer service representative toll free at 1-877-723-5218 or email us. credit card refunds on returns, we can only credit the credit card used for the original purchase. please allow 1-2 billing cycles for the refund credit to appear on your statement. gift card refunds on returns, we can only credit the gift card used for the original purchase. please allow 1-2 billing cycles for the refund credit to appear on your statement. close your order status order status order number order number zip code check status reset your password reset password provide your email address below and we will send you a new password shortly. email address send password subscribe to our newsletter enter your email address sign up no, thanks help contact us order status find a store faqs warranty info counterfeit warning return policy payment/shipping options trade-in! trade-up! become an affiliate corporate our brands about us press center investor relations careers military appreciation accessibility statement callaway golf foundation legal terms & conditions privacy policy ad and cookie policy testimonial disclaimer corporate social responsibility environmental responsibility change your region usa australia canada china europe india japan korea latin america new zealand 2180 rutherford road - carlsbad, ca 92008 1-877-723-5218 © 2020 callaway golf company. all rights reserved.