来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20201223032052/https://www.callawaygolf.com/accessories/
================================================================================

official callaway golf site | golf clubs | golf equipment 50% trade-in bonus towards the purchase of new epic clubs! learn more × limited time offer: 50% trade-in bonus receive a 50% trade-in bonus towards the purchase of new epic speed drivers, epic max drivers, epic max ls drivers, epic speed fairway woods, epic max fairway woods. limit 1 club trade-in per club purchased. eligible products: any new epic driver or epic fairway wood. eligible trade-in products: any club on the current trade in! trade up! rate card. callaway golf pre-owned reserves the right to refuse any club deemed unacceptable. trade-in value: 50% trade-in bonus over and above the current value of the trade-in as listed on the current trade in! trade up! rate card. we will issue payment for your accepted trade in clubs within 14-17 business days of receiving your trade. we will submit payment in the same form you used to make your purchase (i.e. credit card, check). a trade will only be accepted toward any new callaway club(s) of equal or greater value. no refunds or credits will be issued for amounts over the purchase price. please note: your trade credit is not reflected online or in your confirmation email. trade-in credit plus 50% bonus will be issued once we receive and process your accepted trade-in. limited to $500 trade credit per customer. © 2021 callaway golf company. *3/18/21-5/2/21 receive a 50% trade in bonus towards the purchase of new epic speed drivers, epic max drivers, epic max ls drivers, epic speed fairway woods, epic max fairway woods. valid at participating accounts only. for woods purchase: limit 1 club trade-in per club purchased. for irons purchase, trade-in no fewer than six (6) and up to nine (9) eligible irons/hybrids/wedges and for woods purchase, limit one (1) club trade-in per club purchased. for a list of eligible trade-in products, visit www.callawaygolf.com/golf-clubs/trade-intrade-up/. value guide price set by cgi titu rate card. trade-in value can not exceed purchase value. trade must be created within 5 days of fitting event. must show proof of purchase to receive trade-in. product must be returned to callaway in order for credit to be applied. receipt of new purchase required upon return with a note/receipt attached to clubs when shipped back. customer is responsible for all shipping costs. trades must be received by 7/9/2021. not combinable with other offers. not redeemable for cash. not transferable to any other products. callaway reserves the right to cancel this offer at any time. void where prohibited. callaway, the chevron device, and epic are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of callaway golf company. close skip to main content callaway golf 0 menu close navigation menu search clubs golf balls gear women's golf customs fitting find a store videos podcasts headlines team community account info cart ( 0 ) back to previous navigation menu clubs close navigation menu drivers fairway woods iron/combo sets hybrids wedges odyssey putters juniors/complete sets women's left-handed clearance pre-owned trade in! trade up! view all clubs back to previous navigation menu golf balls close navigation menu chrome soft chrome soft x chrome soft x ls e•r•c soft supersoft supersoft max superhot warbird truvis reva strata clearance view all golf balls back to previous navigation menu gear close navigation menu golf bags headwear gloves travel headcovers apparel footwear course gear women's accessories eyewear ogio clearance gift cards view all accessories back to previous navigation menu women's golf close navigation menu women's drivers women's fairway woods women's irons/combo sets women's hybrids women's wedges women's putters women's complete sets girls n' golf podcast women's community lpga view all women's golf back to previous navigation menu customs close navigation menu custom clubs personalized golf balls limited auctions corporate logo view all customs back to previous navigation menu fitting close navigation menu distance fitting fitting studios fitting event authorized fitting locations online driver selector online fairway selector online iron selector online wedge selector online ball selector fitting room podcast view all custom fitting back to previous navigation menu videos close navigation menu callaway originals instruction product tour inside callaway women's golf videos view all videos back to previous navigation menu podcasts close navigation menu the fitting room the callaway golf podcast girls n' golf henrik stenson podcast view all podcasts back to previous navigation menu headlines close navigation menu product news what's in the bag? exclusives view all headlines back to previous navigation menu community close navigation menu home product reviews & testing fitting corner equipment inside callaway contests, giveaways, & sweeps your game & more view all community back to previous navigation menu drivers close navigation menu back to previous navigation menu fairway woods close navigation menu back to previous navigation menu iron/combo sets close navigation menu back to previous navigation menu hybrids close navigation menu back to previous navigation menu wedges close navigation menu back to previous navigation menu odyssey putters close navigation menu white hot og ten series triple track toulon design toulon garage view all odyssey putters back to previous navigation menu juniors/complete sets close navigation menu back to previous navigation menu women's close navigation menu drivers fairway woods irons/combo sets hybrids wedges complete sets putters view all women's back to previous navigation menu left-handed close navigation menu drivers fairway woods irons/combo sets hybrids wedges view all left-handed clubs back to previous navigation menu clearance close navigation menu back to previous navigation menu chrome soft close navigation menu back to previous navigation menu chrome soft x close navigation menu back to previous navigation menu chrome soft x ls close navigation menu back to previous navigation menu e•r•c soft close navigation menu back to previous navigation menu supersoft close navigation menu back to previous navigation menu supersoft max close navigation menu back to previous navigation menu superhot close navigation menu back to previous navigation menu warbird close navigation menu back to previous navigation menu truvis close navigation menu back to previous navigation menu reva close navigation menu back to previous navigation menu strata close navigation menu back to previous navigation menu golf bags close navigation menu stand bags cart bags staff bags caddy bags view all golf bags back to previous navigation menu headwear close navigation menu back to previous navigation menu gloves close navigation menu back to previous navigation menu travel close navigation menu back to previous navigation menu headcovers close navigation menu back to previous navigation menu apparel close navigation menu back to previous navigation menu footwear close navigation menu back to previous navigation menu course gear close navigation menu rangefinders visio training aids towels umbrellas tools and markers weight kits view all course gear back to previous navigation menu eyewear close navigation menu back to previous navigation menu clearance close navigation menu back to previous navigation menu gift cards close navigation menu back to previous navigation menu women's drivers close navigation menu back to previous navigation menu women's fairway woods close navigation menu back to previous navigation menu women's irons/combo sets close navigation menu back to previous navigation menu women's hybrids close navigation menu back to previous navigation menu women's wedges close navigation menu back to previous navigation menu women's complete sets close navigation menu back to previous navigation menu custom clubs close navigation menu back to previous navigation menu personalized golf balls close navigation menu back to previous navigation menu limited auctions close navigation menu back to previous navigation menu callaway originals close navigation menu back to previous navigation menu instruction close navigation menu driver instruction fairway instruction hybrid instruction iron instruction wedge instruction putter instruction fundamentals view all instruction back to previous navigation menu product close navigation menu drivers fairway woods irons hybrids wedges putters golf balls view all product back to previous navigation menu tour close navigation menu mic'd up md4 spin challenge extras 3 hole challenge view all tour back to previous navigation menu inside callaway close navigation menu back to previous navigation menu women's golf videos close navigation menu back to previous navigation menu the fitting room close navigation menu back to previous navigation menu the callaway golf podcast close navigation menu back to previous navigation menu girls n' golf close navigation menu back to previous navigation menu henrik stenson podcast close navigation menu back to previous navigation menu product news close navigation menu back to previous navigation menu what's in the bag? close navigation menu back to previous navigation menu exclusives close navigation menu back to previous navigation menu drivers close navigation menu back to previous navigation menu fairway woods close navigation menu back to previous navigation menu irons/combo sets close navigation menu back to previous navigation menu hybrids close navigation menu back to previous navigation menu wedges close navigation menu back to previous navigation menu complete sets close navigation menu back to previous navigation menu drivers close navigation menu back to previous navigation menu fairway woods close navigation menu back to previous navigation menu irons/combo sets close navigation menu back to previous navigation menu hybrids close navigation menu back to previous navigation menu wedges close navigation menu back to previous navigation menu stand bags close navigation menu back to previous navigation menu cart bags close navigation menu back to previous navigation menu staff bags close navigation menu back to previous navigation menu caddy bags close navigation menu back to previous navigation menu driver instruction close navigation menu back to previous navigation menu fairway instruction close navigation menu back to previous navigation menu hybrid instruction close navigation menu back to previous navigation menu iron instruction close navigation menu back to previous navigation menu wedge instruction close navigation menu back to previous navigation menu putter instruction close navigation menu back to previous navigation menu fundamentals close navigation menu back to previous navigation menu drivers close navigation menu back to previous navigation menu fairway woods close navigation menu back to previous navigation menu irons close navigation menu back to previous navigation menu hybrids close navigation menu back to previous navigation menu wedges close navigation menu back to previous navigation menu putters close navigation menu back to previous navigation menu golf balls close navigation menu back to previous navigation menu mic'd up close navigation menu back to previous navigation menu md4 spin challenge close navigation menu back to previous navigation menu extras close navigation menu back to previous navigation menu 3 hole challenge close navigation menu search close navigation menu search search global.header.account.title close navigation menu 1-877-723-5218 contact us order status find a retailer faqs warranty info counterfeit warning return policy payment/shipping options trade-in! trade-up! callaway e-partner program back to previous navigation menu account close navigation menu log in sign up profile order history fitting history rewards back to previous navigation menu log in close navigation menu sign in to start earning. email address password forgot your password? sign in remember me loading... free shipping & returnson all orders. added to cart! callaway customs design your epic with 6 different customizable zones and over 1 million color combinations, personalize your epic driver and hit the tee in style. customize now callaway customs design your epic with 6 different customizable zones and over 1 million color combinations, personalize your epic driver and hit the tee in style. customize now shop new arrivals limited time offer: 50% trade-in bonus epic max drivers from $529.99 limited time offer: 50% trade-in bonus epic max fairway woods from $299.99 apex 21 irons individual irons from $185.00 sets from $1,295.00 apex pro 21 irons individual irons from $185.00 sets from $1,295.00 apex 21 hybrids from $269.99 apex dcb 21 irons individual irons from $185.00 sets from $1,295.00 limited time offer: 50% trade-in bonus epic speed drivers from $529.99 limited time offer: 50% trade-in bonus epic max ls drivers from $529.99 limited time offer: 50% trade-in bonus epic max fairway woods from $299.99 apex pro 21 hybrids from $269.99 featured content callaway community product testing: reva golf ball 2021 the new callaway reva is engineered for women who want to increase their distance, launch the ball higher, and have more fun out on the course. it promotes longer, straighter shots, and it’s easy to hit with an oversized construction that conforms to the rules of golf. if you want to play with more confidence, then you need to try the new reva. be one of the first to test them out! registration opens: 4/14 view new callaway community product testing: reva golf ball april 14, 2021 fitting room: ep. 160 - which chrome soft ball should you be playing? the new chrome soft x ls is here which means the chrome soft family has a new member! we are really excited about this new addition which has already generated some buzz on tour. but this begs the question, which chrome soft ball should i be playing? in this edition of the fitting room podcast, our director of player fitting and performance, michael vrska and golf ball r&d manager, nick yontz break down the new chrome soft x ls, where it fits in the chrome soft family, and which chrome soft ball you should be gaming to get maximum benefit out of the chrome soft golf ball. listen now fitting room: ep. 160 - which chrome soft ball should you be playing? episode 160 this is an epic game-changer! fly that bunker, drive the green, and beat your best with the new epic driver, featuring the a.i. designed jailbreak speed frame technology. check out what are our callaway community testers are saying about the new epic driver watch now shop now this is an epic game-changer! epic driver family apex, epic, and white hot og shine in golf digest hot list 2021 the 2021 golf digest hot list issue is out, and there’s so much great news to cover. check out how apex 21, epic speed, and the rest of the new gear stood up to the competition. view apex, epic, and white hot og shine in golf digest hot list february 16, 2020 callaway talks: the new odyssey ten lineup senior vp of r&d alan hocknell sits down with dave neville to break down the new odyssey ten. this proven head design puts an emphasis on alignment and high moi, and we’ve improved on those two key performance features dramatically. watch now explore callaway talks: the new odyssey ten lineup video podcast committed to quality || callaway chrome soft from cover to core, we are committed to creating the most quality and highest performing tour ball in the game. watch now explore committed to quality || callaway chrome soft chrome soft golf balls apex family irons | there’s nothing like our best we’ve redesigned these irons from the ground up. watch now explore apex family irons | there’s nothing like our best apex irons featured content callaway community product testing: reva golf ball april 14, 2021 the new callaway reva is engineered for women who want to increase their distance, launch the ball higher, and have more fun out on the course. it promotes longer, straighter shots, and it’s easy to hit with an oversized construction that conforms to the rules of golf. if you want to play with more confidence, then you need to try the new reva. be one of the first to test them out! registration opens: 4/14 learn more fitting room: ep. 160 - which chrome soft ball should you be playing? 2021 episode 160 the new chrome soft x ls is here which means the chrome soft family has a new member! we are really excited about this new addition which has already generated some buzz on tour. but this begs the question, which chrome soft ball should i be playing? in this edition of the fitting room podcast, our director of player fitting and performance, michael vrska and golf ball r&d manager, nick yontz break down the new chrome soft x ls, where it fits in the chrome soft family, and which chrome soft ball you should be gaming to get maximum benefit out of the chrome soft golf ball. this is an epic game-changer! 2021 fly that bunker, drive the green, and beat your best with the new epic driver, featuring the a.i.-designed jailbreak speed frame technology. watch now shop now watch now apex, epic, and white hot og shine in golf digest hot list february 16, 2021 the 2021 golf digest hot list issue is out, and there’s so much great news to cover. check out how apex 21, epic speed, and the rest of the new gear stood up to the competition. details callaway talks: the new odyssey ten lineup 2021 senior vp of r&d alan hocknell sits down with dave neville to break down the new odyssey ten. this proven head design puts an emphasis on alignment and high moi, and we’ve improved on those two key performance features dramatically. watch now explore watch now committed to quality || callaway chrome soft 2021 from cover to core, we are committed to creating the most quality and highest performing tour ball in the game. watch now explore watch now apex family irons | there’s nothing like our best 2021 we’ve redesigned these irons from the ground up. apex 21 irons are designed to create distance with a.i.-designed forged performance, extraordinary ball speeds, and iconic feel. apex pro are designed for players performance. apex dcb irons are designed for game improvement. watch now explore watch now selector tools online driver selector find the driver that's right for your game view online driver selector selector tool online fairway wood selector find the fairway wood that's right for your game view online fairway wood selector selector tool online iron selector find the irons that are right for your game view online iron selector selector tool online wedge selector find the wedge that's right for your game view online wedge selector selector tool online ball selector find the ball that's right for your game view online ball selector selector tool selector tools online driver selector find the driver that's right for your game online fairway wood selector find the fairway wood that's right for your game online iron selector find the irons that are right for your game online wedge selector find the wedge that's right for your game online ball selector find the ball that's right for your game free shipping & returns receive free shipping and returns 2-year warranty callaway products are backed for two years. 30-day money back guarantee not satisfied? return your product for a refund. easy payments make easy payments over 3,6 or 12 months free shipping & returns *free ground shipping on all orders no promo or coupon codes are required only valid with ups ground shipping discounts will automatically apply sorry, this free shipping offer is not valid in conjunction with gmc promo coupons or any type of shopping spree gift cards. this offer excludes custom logo orders. *free 2-day shipping on orders over $200 free 2-day shipping on orders over $200 no promo or coupon codes are required shipping discounts will automatically apply when you reach the $200 threshold and select ups 2 business day shipping sorry, this free shipping offer is not valid in conjunction with gmc promo coupons or any type of shopping spree gift cards. this offer excludes custom logo orders and shipping to hawaii or alaska. free return shipping callaway golf wants you to be fully satisfied with every item you purchase. if you are not satisfied with the item you have purchased, you may return it within 30 days of shipment for a full refund of the product price. if product is unused the refund will credit back to your original payment method. if product has been used the refund will be in the form of a callawaygolf.com gift card with no expiration date. in either case a return merchandise authorization(rma) is required. to obtain a return merchandise authorization (rma) and your free ups return shipping label, please contact a sales and customer service representative toll free at 1-877-723-5218 or email us. still not a member of callaway rewards? join & start earning points. join today *no coupon code required. in some instances, items will ship when they become available, not necessarily when the order is placed. free shipping available only to addresses within the contiguous us. close 2-year warranty callaway products are backed for two years warranty coverage: except as otherwise stated on the product or packaging, callaway golf company warrants its golf clubs, components, and other products purchased from an authorized callaway golf retailer or distributor to be free of defects in material and workmanship for two years. callaway golf will, without charge to the consumer, repair or replace any product or component or part thereof that is defective or becomes defective during normal use within two years after the date of purchase from an authorized callaway golf retailer or distributor. at its option, callaway golf may replace the product with a new or refurbished product. callaway golf does not warrant its products against damage caused by third parties. this warranty does not cover paint scratches, cosmetic blemishes or other normal wear and tear. callaway golf will fix such blemishes and scratches, however, for a fee. to obtain warranty service in the united states on a complete callaway golf product, return the product to a callaway golf authorized retailer or directly to callaway golf. in the case of a callaway golf component, you must obtain warranty service through an authorized callaway golf retailer of that component. outside of the united states, all warranty service must be obtained from the distributor or subsidiary in the country in which the club was purchased. to determine the callaway golf authorized retailer, distributor or subsidiary nearest you, check our website at www.callawaygolf.com or contact callaway golf directly. in california call collect 760-931-1771; outside california call toll free 1-800-588-9836. disclaimer: this warranty is in lieu of all other express warranties. callaway golf disclaims all warranties for products that are purchased from sellers other than authorized retailers or distributors, including the warranty of merchantability or the warranty of fitness for a particular purpose. callaway golf also disclaims any implied warranty, including the warranty of merchantability or the warranty of fitness for a particular purpose, and assumes no responsibility for any special, incidental, or consequential damages as to all products and components. callaway golf further disclaims any implied or express warranty of, and assumes no responsibility for, defects in workmanship caused by third parties. this warranty gives the consumer specific legal rights; a consumer may have other rights depending upon where he or she lives. some jurisdictions do not allow the exclusion or limitation of special, incidental or consequential damages, or limitations on how long a warranty lasts, so the above exclusion and limitations may not apply to everyone. outside of the united states, local taxes, tariffs or shipping charges may apply. this warranty does not apply to callaway golf® or odyssey® golf clubs purchased in australia or new zealand on or after january 1, 2011. for warranty information for purchases made in australia and new zealand on or after that date, see the south pacific warranty. the above warranty also does not apply to upro gps devices or accessories. close 30-day money back guarantee not satisfied? return your product for a refund. returns/exchanges for online purchases callaway golf wants you to be fully satisfied with every item you purchase. if you are not satisfied with the item you have purchased, you may return it within 30 days of shipment for a full refund of the product price. if product is unused the refund will credit back to your original payment method. if product has been used the refund will be in the form of a callawaygolf.com gift card with no expiration date. in either case a return merchandise authorization (rma) is required. to obtain your rma and your free ups return shipping label, please contact a sales and customer service representative toll free at 1-877-723-5218 or email us. credit card refunds on returns, we can only credit the credit card used for the original purchase. please allow 1-2 billing cycles for the refund credit to appear on your statement. gift card refunds on returns, we can only credit the gift card used for the original purchase. please allow 1-2 billing cycles for the refund credit to appear on your statement. close your order status order status order number order number zip code check status reset your password reset password provide your email address below and we will send you a new password shortly. email address send password subscribe to our newsletter enter your email address sign up no, thanks help contact us order status find a store faqs warranty info counterfeit warning return policy payment/shipping options trade-in! trade-up! become an affiliate corporate our brands about us press center investor relations careers military appreciation accessibility statement callaway golf foundation legal terms & conditions privacy policy ad and cookie policy testimonial disclaimer corporate social responsibility environmental responsibility change your region usa australia canada china europe india japan korea latin america new zealand 2180 rutherford road - carlsbad, ca 92008 1-877-723-5218 © 2020 callaway golf company. all rights reserved.