来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20231231092604/https://www.callawaygolf.com/customer-service?fid=orders&cid=help-return-policy
================================================================================

customer service | callaway join callaway rewards and earn 3x bonus points on all purchases + free shipping! sign up for 3x reward points + free shipping! callaway odyssey callaway golf clubs balls gear women's customs fitting media team community log in track your order help accessibility clubs back to clubs iron/combo sets drivers fairway woods hybrids wedges odyssey putters tour inspired complete sets and juniors shafts women's left-handed pre-owned trade in! trade up! view all clubs 2024 paradym ai smoke up to $100 off paradym balls back to balls chrome tour chrome tour x chrome soft limited edition chrome soft x chrome soft x ls truvis e•r•c soft supersoft supersoft max superfast warbird reva corporate logo view all balls all-new chrome tour chrome soft 22 now $5 off gear back to gear golf bags headwear headcovers gloves towels travel course gear gift cards clearance golf shoes rangefinders elements eyewear corporate logo apparel view all gear callaway golf shoes wet and cold gear women's back to women's women's drivers women's fairway woods women's irons/combo sets women's hybrids women's wedges women's complete sets women's golf balls women's accessories women's golf shoes women's community lpga view all women's big bertha reva family women's gear customs back to customs custom clubs personalized golf balls personalized golf bags personalized travel bags corporate logo view all customs golf ball personalization jaws raw callaway customs fitting back to fitting distance fitting fitting studios fitting event authorized fitting locations online driver selector online fairway selector online iron selector online wedge selector online ball selector view all fitting online selector tools distance fitting media back to media videos world of wunder resources view all media world of wunder paradym ai smoke media team back to team pga tour lpga tour dp world tour korn ferry tour world long drive champions icons adaptive team developmental tours instructors callaway next view all team sam burns xander schauffele community back to community home product reviews & testing fitting corner equipment inside callaway contests, giveaways, & sweeps your game & more view all community equipment fitting corner help contact us demo/fitting event order status find a retailer select a region great britain germany france austria belgium ireland luxembourg netherlands sweden denmark spain italy portugal select a language english deutsch français search search search cart open navigation menu 1-877-723-5218| accessibility order status log in cart (0) search search search log in cart free shipping & free returns on all orders! view details sign in to start earning rewards email address password remember me forgot your password? sign in create an account. join rewards & start earning today! close added to cart! orders/shipping contact us help orders/shipping payment & shipping options return policy corporate legal return policy returns/exchanges for online purchases callaway golf wants you to be fully satisfied with every purchase. if you are not satisfied with the items you have purchased, you may return them within 30 days of shipment for either a full refund or a callaway golf gift card*.*callaway golf gift cards may only be redeemed through callawaygolf.com returns for golf shoes: they must be unworn and in the original packaging to be eligible for a return. you can learn more about returning golf shoes here. additional expedited shipping fees are not refundable. to qualify for a refund back to your original payment method the items must be in new condition. this means they have not been hit, played or used in any way. if you have used your items and are not happy with their performance, your return will qualify for a callaway golf gift card. the gift card will be set at 100% of your purchase price with no expiration date.* *this does not include shipping fees in either case a return merchandise authorization (rma) is required. to obtain your rma and your free ups return shipping label, please log into your account and view your order history. select the items* you wish to return and follow the prompts to begin the rma process. if you are unable to set up your return, please contact our customer service team at 1-877-723-5218, or email us to receive your rma. *these ups labels are not valid from u.s. protectorates or apo/fpo address. *items ordered as a “set”, may not be returned as individual clubs. the return may be processed for the “set” only. callaway customs purchases we are more than happy to personalize a callaway customs club just for you; but please take note that callaway customs orders are non-returnable and cannot be cancelled once submitted. please verify all of your personalization and customization requests prior to completing your order. golf shoes refunds we accept returns for footwear within 30 days of the shipment date. to be eligible for a return, the shoes must be in their original condition, unworn, and in the original packaging. please ensure that any attached tags are not removed, and do not use the shoe box as the outer shipping box. refunds for golf shoes will only be issued if the product is unused and will be credited back to your original payment method. credit card refunds on returns, we can only credit the credit card used for the original purchase. please allow 1-2 billing cycles for the refund credit to appear on your statement. *please note that returns, refunds and trades processed against affirm payment plans may take up to 30 business days to appear on your affirm balance. gift card refunds on returns, we can only credit the gift card used for the original purchase. please allow 1-2 billing cycles for the refund credit to appear on your statement. free shipping receive free shipping and returns. 30-day performance guarantee not satisfied? return your product for a refund. 2-year warranty callaway products are backed for two years. easy payments make easy payments over 3, 6 or 12 months. free shipping & returns holiday shipping: order in-stock, ready to ship items by 12/13 for standard, 12/17 for expedited, and 12/19 for express shipping to secure delivery by christmas! all customized or personalized products will require additional processing time. order in-stock custom items by 12/4 with standard shipping to receive by christmas. note that shipping times are estimates, and carriers do not deliver on holidays or weekends. orders placed by 12:00 pm ct will be processed the same or next business day. delivery before christmas is not guranteed. *free standard shipping on all orders: shipping discounts will automatically apply. not valid in conjunction with gmc promo coupons or any type of shopping spree gift cards. excludes custom logo orders. *free expedited shipping on orders over $200: shipping discounts will automatically apply when you reach the $200 threshold and select expedited shipping. not valid in conjunction with gmc promo coupons or any type of shopping spree gift cards. excludes custom logo orders and shipping to hawaii or alaska. free return shipping for all returns, a return merchandise authorization (rma) is required. to obtain a return merchandise authorization (rma) and your free ups return shipping label, please contact a sales and customer service representative toll free at 1-877-723-5218 or email us. if you are not satisfied with the items you have purchased, you may return them within 30 days of shipment for either a full refund or a callaway golf gift card. still not a member of callaway rewards? join & start earning points. join today *no coupon code required. items may ship when they become available. free shipping is available only to addresses within the contiguous us. close 30-day performance guarantee if you are not satisfied, you can return your product for a refund. returns/exchanges for online purchases callaway golf wants you to be fully satisfied with every item you purchase. if you are not satisfied with the item you have purchased, you may return it within 30 days of shipment for a full refund of the product price. if product is unused, the refund will credit back to your original payment method. if product has been used the refund will be in the form of a callawaygolf.com gift card with no expiration date. for all returns, a return merchandise authorization (rma) is required. to obtain a return merchandise authorization (rma) and your free ups return shipping label, please contact a sales and customer service representative toll free at 1-877-723-5218 or email us. credit card refunds we will credit the credit card used for the original purchase. please allow 1-2 billing cycles for the refund credit to appear on your statement. gift card refunds we will credit the gift card used for the original purchase. close 2-year warranty callaway products are backed for two years warranty coverage: except as otherwise stated on the product or packaging, callaway golf company warrants its golf clubs, components, and other products purchased from an authorized callaway golf retailer or distributor to be free of defects in material and workmanship for two years. callaway golf will, without charge to the consumer, repair or replace any product or component or part thereof that is defective or becomes defective during normal use within two years after the date of purchase from an authorized callaway golf retailer or distributor. at its option, callaway golf may replace the product with a new or refurbished product. callaway golf does not warrant its products against damage caused by third parties. this warranty does not cover paint scratches, cosmetic blemishes or other normal wear and tear. callaway golf will fix such blemishes and scratches, however, for a fee. to obtain warranty service in the united states on a complete callaway golf product, return the product to a callaway golf authorized retailer or directly to callaway golf. in the case of a callaway golf component, you must obtain warranty service through an authorized callaway golf retailer of that component. outside of the united states, all warranty service must be obtained from the distributor or subsidiary in the country in which the club was purchased. to determine the callaway golf authorized retailer, distributor or subsidiary nearest you, check our website at www.callawaygolf.com or contact callaway golf directly. in california call collect 760-931-1771; outside california call toll free 1-800-588-9836. disclaimer: this warranty is in lieu of all other express warranties. callaway golf disclaims all warranties for products that are purchased from sellers other than authorized retailers or distributors, including the warranty of merchantability or the warranty of fitness for a particular purpose. callaway golf also disclaims any implied warranty, including the warranty of merchantability or the warranty of fitness for a particular purpose, and assumes no responsibility for any special, incidental, or consequential damages as to all products and components. callaway golf further disclaims any implied or express warranty of, and assumes no responsibility for, defects in workmanship caused by third parties. this warranty gives the consumer specific legal rights; a consumer may have other rights depending upon where he or she lives. some jurisdictions do not allow the exclusion or limitation of special, incidental or consequential damages, or limitations on how long a warranty lasts, so the above exclusion and limitations may not apply to everyone. outside of the united states, local taxes, tariffs or shipping charges may apply. this warranty does not apply to callaway golf® or odyssey® golf clubs purchased in australia or new zealand on or after january 1, 2011. for warranty information for purchases made in australia and new zealand on or after that date, see the south pacific warranty. the above warranty also does not apply to upro gps devices or accessories. close your order status order status order number order number zip code check status reset your password reset password provide your email address below and we will send you a new password shortly. email address send password subscribe to our newsletter enter your email address no, thanks get social 2180 rutherford roadcarlsbad, ca 92008 1-877-723-5218 monday-thursday: 8am-6pm ct friday: 8am-5pm ct saturday: 9am-3pm ct sunday: closed © topgolf callaway brands.all rights reserved. help contact us order status find a store faqs warranty info counterfeit warning return policy payment/shipping options trade in! trade up! become an affiliate callaway rewards demo/fitting event corporate 2021 sustainability report corporate governance corporate social responsibility environmental responsibility company info press center investor relations careers military appreciation event donations callaway golf foundation legal terms & conditions privacy, ad, & cookie policies manage cookie preferences your privacy choices testimonial disclaimer accessibility statement united states usa australia canada china europe india japan korea latin america new zealand © callaway golf company.all rights reserved.