来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20151231134842/http://www.chadwicks.com/privacy
================================================================================

chadwicks (0) all apparel dresses blazers & jackets tops pants outerwear petite, women's & tall shoes & accessories chadwicks signatures clearance to make the screen larger on any page, please press ctrl and + on your keyboard privacy policy effective date: october 1st, 2015 this privacy policy describes the information that distinctive apparel, inc. and its subsidiaries and affiliates (“we,” “our” or “us”) collects through the www.chadwicks.com website (the “site”) and how we use it, how we protect it and the choices you can make about your information. throughout this privacy policy “information” includes personal information about you. by accessing the site, you expressly consent to the collection, use, disclosure and storage of your information and other information received by us as a result of such use in accordance with this privacy policy. if you do not agree with the terms of this privacy policy, you should immediately stop using or visiting the site. consent if you are located outside of the united states, please note that the site is hosted in the united states. therefore, your information, including any personal information provided pursuant to the site may be processed and stored in the united states. as a result, united states federal and state governments, courts or law enforcement or regulatory agencies may be able to obtain disclosure of your information through laws applicable in the united states. your use of the site or your submission of any information to us will constitute your consent to the transfer of your information outside of your home country, which may result in different data protection rules than in your country. please contact us at 1-877-330-3393 or service@cs.chadwicks.com if you have any questions about how your information may be processed or stored in the united states. information we collect we collect the following types of information in the manner described below. you may voluntarily provide us with information, including: your name, birth date, address, email address, phone number, credit card or other payment-related information and information about products you have purchased to use the site; information when you contact or interact with us (for example, regarding support or employment opportunities); and any other information you voluntarily provide us with including your comments and other content in connection with using the site. any information we may receive through a third-party social networking service may be used as described in this privacy policy. we may automatically collect other information about you, including: web browser type; your internet protocol (ip) address; domain name of your internet service provider; your geographic location; the site pages that you visit and the time of your visits; and aggregated information that cannot be used to specifically identify you when you use or visit the site. we may collect information about you from publicly available sources. we may combine any of the information we collect from or about you and use it in the manner described in this privacy policy. how we use your information we use the information that we collect for the following purposes, including: the purposes for which you provided it; for fulfillment of requests; to identify you as a user of the site; to send you information about your relationship with us; to contact you with information, including promotional information, that we believe will be of interest to you; to process and respond to your inquiries (for example, regarding support, employment opportunities or other requests); to create anonymous data, which we may use for any purpose; to compile aggregate data for internal and external business purposes; to generate and review reports and data about our user base and service usage patterns; to analyze the accuracy, effectiveness, usability or popularity of the site; to improve the content and features of the site; to prevent fraudulent transactions, monitor against theft and otherwise protect our users and our business; to administer and troubleshoot the site; and as otherwise stated in this privacy policy. how your information is disclosed information may be disclosed to third parties in accordance with our privacy policy. please note that a user may choose not to share certain information as described in “your choices regarding your information” below. third parties. we may use third parties to perform functions in connection with the site. we may share information about you that they need to perform their functions and in accordance with our agreements with them. business changes. if we become involved in a merger, acquisition, sale of assets, joint venture, securities offering, bankruptcy, reorganization, liquidation, dissolution, or other transaction or if the ownership of all or substantially all of our business otherwise changes, we may share or transfer your information to a third party or parties in connection therewith. subsidiaries and affiliates. we may also share your information with any subsidiary or affiliate of ours for purposes consistent with this privacy policy. any subsidiary or affiliate of ours will be required to maintain that information in accordance with this privacy policy. investigations and law. regardless of the choices you make regarding your information (as described below) and to the extent permitted by applicable law, we may disclose information about you to third parties to: comply with law, in response to subpoenas, warrants, or court orders, or in connection with any legal process or cooperate with government or law enforcement officials or private parties; protect our rights, reputation, safety and property, or that of our users or others; protect against legal liability; establish or exercise our rights to defend against legal claims; or to investigate, prevent or take action regarding suspected illegal activities, suspected fraud, the rights, reputation, safety or property of us, users or others, violation of our policies or agreements or as otherwise required by law. aggregated anonymous information. we may share aggregated anonymous information relating to visitors to and users of the site with affiliated or unaffiliated third parties. cookies; do not track. please see cookies; do not track below. third-party advertising. we may share website usage information about visitors who have received a targeted promotional campaign with reputable third-party advertising companies. for this purpose, we and our third-party advertising company may note some of the pages you visit on our website through the use of “pixel tags” (also called “clear gifs”). cookies; do not track cookies. we, along with third parties, use cookies. cookies are small bits of information that are transferred to and stored in separate files within your computer’s browser. persistent cookies remain on the visitor’s computer after the browser has been closed. session cookies exist only during a visitor’s online session and disappear from the visitor’s computer when they close the browser software. you can instruct your browser to stop accepting cookies. but if you do not accept cookies, you may not be able to use all portions or all functionality of the site. third parties may collect personally identifiable information about an individual user's online activities over time and across different websites when a user uses the site. do not track. at this time, we do not respond to “do not track” signals sent from web browsers. security while we take reasonable administrative, physical and organizational measures to protect the information you submit via the site against loss, theft and unauthorized use, disclosure, or modification, we cannot guarantee its absolute security. no internet or email transmission is ever fully secure or error free. email sent to or from the site may not be secure. you should use caution whenever submitting information online and take special care in deciding what information you send to us via email. links to other websites this privacy policy applies only to the site. the site may contain links to other websites to which this privacy policy does not apply. the links from the site do not imply that we endorse or have reviewed these websites. the policies and procedures we describe here do not apply to these websites. we neither can control nor are responsible for the privacy practices or content of these websites. we suggest contacting these websites directly for information on their privacy policies. your choices regarding your information you have choices regarding the use of information on the site. changing your information. you may make changes to your information, including keeping your information accurate or deleting your information, by contacting us at 1-877-330-3393 or service@cs.chadwicks.com. cookies; do not track. please see cookies; do not track above. social networking. you should make sure you are comfortable with the information that a third-party social networking service may make available to us by carefully reviewing the service’s privacy policy and terms and conditions and by modifying your privacy settings directly on that service. children we do not knowingly collect personal information from individuals under age 13. if you are under the age of 13, please do not submit any personal information through the site. if you have reason to believe that we may have accidentally received personal information from an individual under age 13, please contact us immediately at 1-877-330-3393 or service@cs.chadwicks.com. changes to privacy policy we reserve the right to update or modify this privacy policy at any time and from time to time without prior notice. please review this privacy policy periodically, and especially before you provide any information. this privacy policy was made effective on the date indicated above. how to contact us please feel free to contact us at 1-877-330-3393 or service@cs.chadwicks.com if you have any questions about this privacy policy. customer service order status order information registration & email returns & exchanges billing & payment shipping & handling catalog request & email offers get to know us about us contact us international orders product information our privacy policy visit our sister site www.metrostyle.com more to explore gift cards apply for a chadwicks credit card shop our e-catalog mobile site payment methods © chadwicks  all rights reserved.