来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20220501133025/https://www.chadwicks.com/CustomerService.aspx?page=California+Privacy+Policy
================================================================================

california privacy policy - chadwicks customer service skip to main content 1-877-330-3393order statusemail signupcustomer servicerewardsview cartcheckout shop categories 0 items in cart search suggestions search suggestionssearch suggestions heading level 2 popular productspopular products heading level 2 begin typing to search, the text field displays search suggestions following the field as you type. to move to the next item press up or down arrow keys, to navigate to the current item press enter key. new what's newall newclothingaccessories & jewelrysweaters sweatersall sweaterscardigans & shrugspulloversshop by sizemisses sweaterswomen's plus sweaterstall sweaterspetite sweaterstops topsall topsblouses & shirtstops, tees & sweatshirtstunicsshop by sizemisses topswomen's plus topstall topspetite topsblazers & coats blazers & coatsall blazers, jackets & coatsblazersjackets & vestsouterwear & coatsshop by sizemisses blazers & coatswomen's blazers & coatstall blazers & coatspetite blazers & coatspants pantsall pantscapris, shorts, crop & anklecasual pantstailored pantscomfort waist pantsdenim & corduroyleg shapestraight legbootcutshop by sizemisses pantswomen's plus pantstall pantspetite pantsdresses & skirts dresses & skirtsall dresses & skirtsdressesskirtsshop by sizemisses dresses & skirtswomen's dresses & skirtstall dresses & skirtspetite dresses & skirtsactivewear & swim activewearall activewearactive tops & jacketsactive bottomsswimwearall swimwearshop by sizemisses activewear & swimwomen's activewear & swimtall activewear & swimpetite activewear & swimsleepwear sleepwearall sleepwearsleepwear & robesfoundationsshop by sizemisses sleepwearwomen's sleepwearpetite sleepweartall sleepwearshoes footwearall footwearshoessandalsbootsaccessories accessoriesall accessoriesbagsbeltshats & glovesscarves, wraps & hosieryjewelryall jewelryearringsnecklacesbracelets & watchesshops chadwicks' shopsall chadwicks' shopsanimal printsdenim & corduroy shopessential sweatersessential teeslinen shopreal comfort by chadwickssuiting shopsummer dress shoptwill shopthe warm weather shoppetite petite sizesall petite sizessweaterstopsblazers & coatspantsdresses & skirtsactivewearsleepwearwomen's women's sizesall women's sizessweaterstopsblazers & coatspantsdresses & skirtsactivewear & swimsleepweartall tall sizesall tall sizessweaterstopsblazers & coatspantsdresses & skirtsactivewear & swimsleepwearsale salesale - save up to 60%all clothingactivewear & sleepwearblazers & coatsdresses & skirtspantssweaterstopsaccessoriesshoesshop by sizemisses sizes on salewomen's sizes on salepetite sizes on saletall sizes on salefinal salefinal sale - save up to 70% customer help center california privacy policy customer servicecontact usemail unsubscribeorder statushow to orderour guaranteeshoppingfree catalogreturns and exchangessecure orderingshipping informationpolicies & complianceterms of useprivacy policymessaging terms and conditionsmessaging privacy policycalifornia privacy policycalifornia proposition 65accessibility statementpromotions disclaimerabout usrecommended web sitesrewards programabout us customer servicecontact usemail unsubscribeorder statushow to orderour guaranteeshoppingfree catalogreturns and exchangessecure orderingshipping informationpolicies & complianceterms of useprivacy policymessaging terms and conditionsmessaging privacy policycalifornia privacy policycalifornia proposition 65accessibility statementpromotions disclaimerabout usrecommended web sitesrewards programabout us california privacy policy manage your privacy rights - ca residents only the following privacy policy applies to visitors to our website who are california residents. if you are not a california resident, please see the privacy policy applicable to non–california residents, available here. effective date of privacy policy this privacy policy is effective as of 1/1/2020. welcome to the chadwicks.com website. we know you care how your personal information is used and shared, and we appreciate your trust in us. by "personal information" we mean information that identifies you (such as your name, home address, billing address, telephone number, and email address). "personal information" also includes descriptive information (such as your style preferences) if coupled with identifying information. what personal information do we collect at our website? there are two basic types of personal information collected at our website. there is the information you provide directly through the website and the information collected through technology. we have collected the following categories of personal information during the past twelve months. information directly provided by you we may collect personal information directly from you such as your name, shipping address, billing address, telephone number, email address, credit or debit card number and related information, order and payment information and history, and sizing information. this information may be collected in various places, such as when you visit our website and take any of the following actions: place an order, fill out a form, subscribe to a catalog, or request information about our products and services; participate in interactive features of the website or mobile applications, such as product reviews; use a social media service such as our facebook page or youtube channel; create a gift registry or shopping list; sign up for e-mails, mobile messages, or social media notifications from us; or enter a contest or sweepstakes, respond to one of our surveys, photo submission or participate in a focus group. we may also collect information that you provide about people you know, such as a recipient's contact information when you send a gift or order gift cards. information collected through technology during a normal visit to our website, we may collect information such as the amount of time spent on our site, the pages you visit, clicks, page views, browser type and version, service-provider identification, and ip address. such information is collected in the aggregate and is anonymous in that it does not contain information that directly identifies you. however, such information may become non-anonymous to the extent that it becomes coupled with personal information provided by you or via the use of trusted third-party providers that utilize their data assets and aid us in identifying our website visitors by their email address or mailing address. as you interact with our service, we and our service providers may place cookies on your system. cookies are small files that are sent to your browser from a web server and stored on your computer for record keeping purposes. in general, cookies make the internet more useful by storing information about your preferences on a particular system. they help us to improve our website, personalize your shopping experience, and provide you with better customer service. in addition to cookies, we and our service providers use a variety of other technologies such as web beacons or gif tags to personalize your experience and gather information on how users interact with our website. this technology allows us to associate your online interactions, such as the pages you visit on our website, your purchase information, and ip-based geographic location, with the personal information you provided to us. the technology also allows us to provide features such as saving items in your cart between visits and delivering product recommendations that are relevant to your prior purchase(s) or browsing history. we also use this information for reporting and analysis purposes in order to improve our business, to market products and services on our website and other websites and over various media, and to deliver products and services to you. we use third-party companies to serve ads on other websites. these companies may use information about your visits to this and other websites collected through cookies and gif tags in order to provide personalized banner and display advertisements for goods and services when you visit other websites, based on your interactions and purchases. to learn more about this behavioral advertising practice and to know your choices with respect to these third party services, you can visit www.networkadvertising.org/choices/ or www.aboutads.info. most browsers include in the toolbar help section instructions on how to prevent your browser from accepting new cookies, how to have the browser notify you when you receive a new cookie, and how to disable cookies. how do we use the information collected at our website? personal information we collect at our website may be used to do things like the following: to process your orders and information requests; to improve customer service, whether its following up on an order or responding to a technical support request; to personalize your online experience with offers and content tailored to your individual preferences and needs; to improve our website, as we continually strive to improve our website offerings based on the information and feedback we receive from you; to administer contests, promotions, surveys and other website features; to enable you to post your feedback and other content; to enable you to interact with third-party content and service providers, whether by viewing their content on our website or within their own environment, or by linking directly to their websites; and to market products and services for our various brands (such as adding to our or any of our sister brand's email list or print catalog list when you make an online purchase). how does our website interact with third party websites and content providers? our website may provide links to third party sites or display content provided by third parties. these sites and content providers' own privacy policies and terms of site use will govern your experience on these sites or interaction with this content, and we encourage you to review these policies and terms of site use. links or third party content provided on our website may include the following: security certifications we may provide links to the websites of certain companies or organizations that provide security certifications of our website. the third party's privacy policy applies to any personal information you may provide at its website. sweepstakes, contests, surveys, and other promotions we may provide sweepstakes, contests, surveys, or other promotions on our website for which we use the services of a third party provider. to the extent that the third party provider is running the promotion, any personal information you may provide in connection with the promotion may be governed by the privacy policy of the third party provider. in such a case, please review the third party provider's privacy policy. maps we may provide access to online mapping functionality delivered by content providers such as yahoo!, google, and microsoft. the third party content provider's privacy policy applies to any personal information you may provide at its website. social networking and other user-generated content sites we may include links to social networking sites and other sites that host user-generated content. the third-party's privacy policy applies to any personal information you may provide at its website. membership programs or reward sites we may enter into relationships with certain third party companies that offer membership in programs providing discounts, rewards, and/or other benefits for certain purchases (which may include purchases from our website). if you become a member of any of these programs or make a purchase on our website through any of these programs, we may provide the company administering any such program information about you or your purchase (such as your name and the transaction details) to enable it to honor your terms of membership. these companies maintain their own privacy policies and terms of use which will govern your experience with them, and we encourage you to review these policies and terms of use. what information is shared with or accessed by third parties and our own sister brands? during the past twelve months, we have disclosed certain personal information to third parties as described below. the categories of personal information we have disclosed include: name, shipping address, billing address, telephone number, email address, credit or debit card number and related information, order and payment information and history, and sizing information; we have also disclosed the amount of time spent on our site, the pages you visit, clicks, page views, browser type and version, service-provider identification, and ip address. our sister brands we may share certain information described in this privacy policy (such as your mailing address, email address, order history, and indicated preferences) with our sister brands within potpourri group, inc. so they may market their own products. click here to view a current list of our sister brands. service providers we use third parties to provide certain support services to us. these third party service providers do things like fulfill orders, provide customer service, process orders and payments, provide call center services, administer sweepstakes and other promotions, manage premiums and coupons, maintain databases, provide web hosting, print and distribute catalogs and marketing materials, administer and monitor emails, provide analytics, send mobile messaging, provide marketing services, and display advertisements on our website and other websites. for these and other functions, such third party service providers may receive or have access to your personal information. other companies for marketing we may share your name, postal address and purchase information with other companies who may use this information to send you offers for the company's own products and services. to opt-out of our sharing your information with such other companies, please email or call 1-877-330-3393. compliance with law we may provide access to specific information about our website visitors when legally required to do so, to cooperate with police investigations or other legal proceedings, to protect against misuse or unauthorized use of our website, to limit our legal liability, and to protect our rights or to protect the rights, property, or safety of our customers, the public, or our business. merger, sale or other transaction in the event of any reorganization, restructuring, merger or sale, or other transfer of our business assets, including a brand or line of business, consumer information may be one of the business assets that are transferred in connection with such transaction. we may transfer personal information in the event of such a transaction. this privacy policy does not restrict our ability to share aggregated or anonymized information that does not directly identify any individual. what choices do you have regarding the use of your personal information? email your email address may be used to send you information and updates pertaining to an order, in addition to company news, updates, related product or service information, and special offers and promotions, including from any of our sister brands. you may stop future delivery of these emails by following the opt-out or "unsubscribe" instructions located at the bottom of each such email. please note that opting out or unsubscribing to any of these emails will not stop your receipt of transactional emails (such as email confirmations of your online orders or customer service communications from the brand from which you placed your order). in the event we provide you with the opportunity to opt in to receive email messages from third parties, if you do choose to opt in, we will share your e-mail information with the specific third party. in such an event, please review the privacy policy of the third party for how it treats your personal information. catalogs if you choose not to receive a print catalog or other mailed marketing materials from us or any of our sister brands, please visit customer service webpage on our website or call 1-877-330-3393. cookies, gif tags, and banner or display advertising cookies placed by us (first party) or third party service providers on our website provide us with important information on how visitors use our website, and enable us to deliver our ads on our website as well as other websites. you can block or clear cookies from your computer by following your browser's instructions. to block online advertising which may appear on other websites based on your online activity on our site, you can click the preference icon that appears on most banner or display advertising. to learn more about your choices with respect to third party advertising, please visit www.networkadvertising.org/choices/ or www.aboutads.info. how do we protect your information? we take information security very seriously and use reasonable administrative, technical, physical and managerial measures to protect your personal information from unauthorized access. for example, we utilize secure sockets layering (an industry-standard data transmission protocol) in order to encrypt certain data transmissions that contains personal information you send to us through ordering, or registration, or sign up processes. no system can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. accordingly, we cannot guarantee the security of your information and cannot assume liability for improper access. how do you make changes to your personal information? you may update or modify your account information by visiting our customer service webpage on our website or call 1-877-330-3393. children's privacy protecting children's privacy is important to us. we do not collect or retain any information from anyone we actually know is under the age of 18, and no part of our website is targeted to anyone under 18. we also do not send email correspondence to anyone who tells us that they are under the age of 18 without their parent's consent. children under the age of 18 should always ask their parents or guardians for permission before providing any personal information to anyone online. we urge parents and guardians to participate in their children's online activities and use parental control or other web filtering technology to supervise children's access to the web. your california privacy rights as described above, we collect various types of personal information about you during the course of our customer relationship. if you are a california resident, the california consumer privacy act (ccpa) provides you with certain rights regarding your personal information. this section describes your ccpa rights and how to exercise them. you have the right to request that we disclose certain information to you about our collection and use of your personal information over the past twelve months. once we receive and verify your request, we will disclose to you: the categories of personal information we collected about you. the categories of sources from which the personal information is collected. the specific pieces of personal information we collected about you. our business or commercial purpose for collecting or selling any personal information. the purposes for which the information we collected will be used. the categories of third parties with whom we share personal information. if we sold or disclosed your personal information for a business purpose; and, if so, any categories of personal information that were sold or disclosed, and the categories of any third parties to whom personal information was sold or disclosed. if you wish to request the description of collection and use of your personal information over the past 12 months, please use the following: csquestions@potpourrigroup.com or call us at 1-877-330-3393 you have the right to request that we delete any of your personal information that we collected from you and retained, subject to certain exceptions. once we receive and verify your request, we will delete (and direct our service providers to delete) your personal information from our records, unless an exception applies. we may deny your deletion request if retaining the information is necessary for us or our service providers to: complete the transaction for which we collected the personal information, provide a good or service that you requested, take actions reasonably anticipated within the context of our ongoing business relationship with you, or otherwise perform our agreement with you. detect security incidents, protect against malicious, deceptive, fraudulent, or illegal activity, or prosecute those responsible for such activities. debug products to identify and repair errors that impair existing intended functionality. exercise free speech, ensure the right of another consumer to exercise their free speech rights, or exercise another right provided for by law. comply with the california electronic communications privacy act. enable internal uses that are reasonably aligned with consumer expectations based on your relationship with us. comply with a legal obligation. if you wish to request that we remove any of your personal information that we collected from you, please use the following: csquestions@potpourrigroup.com or call us at 1-877-330-3393 if you wish to opt–out of the sale of personal information, please use the following: csquestions@potpourrigroup.com or call us at 1-877-330-3393. if exercised, the decision to opt–out will be valid for 12 months, at which time we may request that you authorize the sale of personal information again. only you or a person that you authorize to act on your behalf may make a verifiable consumer request related to your personal information. however, you may also make a verifiable consumer request on behalf of your minor child. you may make a verifiable consumer request up to two times within a twelve-month period, without charge. unfortunately, we cannot respond to your request or provide you with personal information if we cannot verify your identity or authority to make the request and confirm that the personal information relates to you. making a verifiable consumer request does not require you to create an account with us. we will only use personal information provided in a verifiable consumer request to verify the requestor's identity or authority to make the request. we try to respond to a verifiable consumer request within 45 days of its receipt. if we require more time, we will inform you of the reason and extension time period (up to 90 days). if you have an account with us, we will deliver our response to that account. if you do not have an account with us, we will deliver our response by mail or electronically, at your option. any disclosures we provide will only cover the 12-month period preceding receipt. the response we provide will also explain any reasons we cannot comply with a request, if applicable. we will not discriminate against you for exercising any of your ccpa rights. unless permitted by the ccpa, we will not: deny you goods or services. charge you different prices or rates for goods or services, including through discounts or other benefits, or imposing penalties. provide you a different level or quality of goods or services. suggest that you may receive a different price or rate for goods or services or a different level or quality of goods or services. changes to our privacy policy occasionally we may update this privacy policy in order to reflect any changes to the website or our privacy practices. if we make any material updates to this statement, the new statement will be posted to the website ten (10) days prior to the changes taking effect. your continued use of the services indicates your consent to the privacy policy as posted. timeless classics. exceptional quality. women's clothing in misses, petite, plus, tall sizes. tops, bottoms, blazers, sweaters, dresses, accessories. enter to win a $100 gift card* when you sign up for emails be the first to learn about new arrivals, exclusive online deals & more enter to win a $100 gift card* when you sign up for emails be the first to learn about new arrivals, exclusive online deals & more *gift card contest rules sign up now thank you! you’re now signed up to get the latest offers & updates. plus, you are entered into our drawing for a $100 gift card. new winners are selected every month, good luck! continue shopping thank you! you’re now signed up to get the latest offers & updates. join our mailing list! sign up today for sales, discounts, and special offers. email address sign up shopping free catalog secure ordering shipping information returns & exchanges customer service contact us help center how to order order status our guarantee other information about us affiliate program site map accessibility place orders: to place order by phone call 1-877-330-3393 customer service: to speak to customer service call 1-877-330-3393 100% satisfaction guarantee if for any reason you are not satisfied with your purchase, please return it for an exchange, credit, or refund. view details follow us copyright © 2025 chadwicks - all rights reserved ref# 000000-aab0dd1ff66e42a-ws19 - build 06042025:0720 cdn privacy policy | california privacy policy | terms of use ca residents - manage your privacy rights shop now close