来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20221003023300/https://boutiquetoyou.com/pages/about-us
================================================================================

about us - boutiquetoyou menu cbd offers cbd offers on cbd gummy bears cbd offers on cbd oil cbd sale on cbd capsules cbd vape offers cbd sale on cbd topicals cbd edibles cbd gummies vegan cbd gummies cbg gummies cbd capsules cbd drinks cbd oil cbd oil cbg oil full spectrum cbd oil broad spectrum cbd oil cbd sprays cbg oil cbd vape cbd disposables cbd e-liquids cbd vape pens cbd vape cartridges cbd beauty cbd backed by science skincare cbd bath salts cbd bath bombs cbd beard care cbd body care cbd eye care cbd foot care cbd hair care cbd hand care cbd lip care cbd massage oil cbd moisturising face care cbd skincare cbd soap cbd spf enriched skin care cbd topicals cbd extracts cbd paste cbd shatter cbd solid cbd wax cbd jelly cbd isolates terpenes vaping e-liquids all e-liquids usa e-liquids uk e-liquids malaysian e-liquids cbd e-liquids tpd 10mls diy & mixing nic salts nic shots vape kits all vape kits disposable vape bars pod vape systems starter vape kits advanced vape kits tanks all tanks re-buildable tanks subohm & mtl tanks other disposables coils mods accessories all accessories replacement glasses drip tips cotton other accessories batteries & chargers chargers batteries smoking rolling papers all papers hornet ocb raw rizla swan zig zag other items tips & roaches all tips & roaches 4smoke hornet ocb raw rizla swan zig zag other tips bongs glass bongs acrylic bongs ceramic bongs bong accessories pipes glass pipes metal pipes wooden pipes pipe accessories shishas & accessories shishas shishas accessories grinders acrylic grinders metal grinders electric grinders lighters & matches lighters clipper lighters matches lighter fluid & accessories storage & containers zipper bags pop tops tins, boxes & cases joint holders rolling equipment rolling machines trays & mats electronic scales 0.1 graduation 0.01 graduation 0.001 graduation other products snus pouches cones & blunts ash trays vaporisers gift sets login gbp usd cad aud gbp eur jpy 0 currency gbp usd cad aud gbp eur jpy login 0 your cart is empty continue shopping £0.00 subtotal tax included and shipping calculated at checkout i agree with the terms & conditions checkout cbd offers cbd offers on cbd gummy bears cbd offers on cbd oil cbd sale on cbd capsules cbd vape offers cbd sale on cbd topicals cbd edibles cbd gummies vegan cbd gummies cbg gummies cbd capsules cbd drinks cbd oil cbd oil cbg oil full spectrum cbd oil broad spectrum cbd oil cbd sprays cbg oil cbd vape cbd disposables cbd e-liquids cbd vape pens cbd vape cartridges cbd beauty cbd backed by science skincare cbd bath salts cbd bath bombs cbd beard care cbd body care cbd eye care cbd foot care cbd hair care cbd hand care cbd lip care cbd massage oil cbd moisturising face care cbd skincare cbd soap cbd spf enriched skin care cbd topicals cbd extracts cbd paste cbd shatter cbd solid cbd wax cbd jelly cbd isolates terpenes vaping e-liquids all e-liquids usa e-liquids uk e-liquids malaysian e-liquids cbd e-liquids tpd 10mls diy & mixing nic salts nic shots vape kits all vape kits disposable vape bars pod vape systems starter vape kits advanced vape kits tanks all tanks re-buildable tanks subohm & mtl tanks other disposables coils mods accessories all accessories replacement glasses drip tips cotton other accessories batteries & chargers chargers batteries smoking rolling papers all papers hornet ocb raw rizla swan zig zag other items tips & roaches all tips & roaches 4smoke hornet ocb raw rizla swan zig zag other tips bongs glass bongs acrylic bongs ceramic bongs bong accessories pipes glass pipes metal pipes wooden pipes pipe accessories shishas & accessories shishas shishas accessories grinders acrylic grinders metal grinders electric grinders lighters & matches lighters clipper lighters matches lighter fluid & accessories storage & containers zipper bags pop tops tins, boxes & cases joint holders rolling equipment rolling machines trays & mats electronic scales 0.1 graduation 0.01 graduation 0.001 graduation other products snus pouches cones & blunts ash trays vaporisers gift sets shop cbd products cbd edibles cbd gummies cbg gummies cbd edibles cbd capsules cbd drinks cbd products cbd edibles cbd gummies cbg gummies cbd edibles cbd capsules cbd drinks about us meet the team nataly komovanutritionist, registered dietitian, freelance writer and consultant – bluffton university, ms read bio julia davispsychologist, mental health expert, freelance writer and consultant – university of latvia, ms read bio marie salbuvikdietitian, fitness expert, freelance writer and consultant – lund university, ms read bio ksenia sobchakcosmetologist and dermatologist, clinical nutritionist – central saint martins, ba (hons). read bio elena ognivtsevafreelance writer, consultant with various companies and nutritionist – cornell university, ms read bio crystal kadirqualified gp, freelance writer and sex & relationship adviser – durham university, ms read bio charlotte cremersgp, sleep specialist, freelance writer and mental health expert – university of tartu, ms read bio barbara santinifreelance writer – psychology, philosophy and linguistics (msci) – university of oxford read bio tatyana dyachenkosex blogger, relationship advisor, freelance writer and consultant/advisor to companies read bio monika wassermannmedicine expert, doctor and health freelance writer – queen mary university of london read bio ieva kubiliutepsychologist and freelance writer – psychology bsc (honours), university of st andrews read bio anastasia filipenkomsc clinical dermatology, university of hertfordshire – freelance writer and personal adviser read bio kristina shafarenkobsc psychology, the university of manchester – wellness psychologist & freelance writer read bio david bakerfreelance writer & cbd expert. expert knowledge on relaxation techniques for mind & body read bio katie lassonsexologist, relationship advisor and freelance writer for multiple outlets – birkbeck university, ms read bio paula oliveiradoctor & writer. bachelor in medicine, universidade cidade de são paulo (unicid) read bio giulia bianchipsychologist & consultant. psychological sciences and techniques, university of bologna read bio johanna angmandietitian and writer. nutrition and dietetics. studied bsc (hons) at the university of surrey. read bio faq general can cbd oil help diabetes? do you know if cbd oil can help you with diabetes? here is what to know about cbd oil and diabetes; can cbd help with diabetes, and how does cbd work.cbd, which stands for cannabidiol and refers to a component of cannabis (marijuana), has recently gained much attention. cbd has progressed from an illicit substance to a wonder drug due to changes in the legal status of cannabis. cannabidiol oil products, including dietary supplements, edibles, drinks, and lotions, are available in stores and pharmacies worldwide. there hasn't been much research on the effects of cannabidiol on the body, and the food and drug administration hasn't approved any cannabidiol products yet (fda).can cbd oil help with diabetes?peyravian et al. (2022) stated that cbd does have anti-inflammatory effects, which is useful given that diabetes is an inflammatory disorder. there are two types of diabetes, type one and two, both diabetes has different causes and treatments, but they both have the same problem: too much glucose in the blood.the hormone insulin is used by the body to help regulate blood glucose levels. when eating, the pancreas generates insulin, which is a key to unlocking specific cells and allowing glucose from the foods and beverages you ingest to enter the cells for later use as energy.type 1 diabetes develops when the body generates little or no insulin. this implies that glucose stays in the bloodstream, causing damage to blood vessels and depriving cells of fuel.type 2 diabetes develops when cells stop responding to insulin. this is known as insulin resistance, resulting in excess glucose in the bloodstream. insulin resistance also increases inflammation in the body.gorelick et al. (2022) stated that cbd could help with diabetic symptoms and consequences. cbd has been linked to benefits in the following areas:diabetes preventionsthere has been no clinical research to see if using cbd oil reduces the chance of acquiring diabetes in humans. aubin et al. (2022) discovered that cbd treatment significantly reduced the likelihood of developing diabetes in nonobese diabetic (nod) mice.inflammationmay (2022) discovered that cbd greatly impacted inflammation caused by high glucose levels. ojha et al. (2017) stated that cbd might be beneficial in mitigating the damage that diabetes can cause to blood vessel walls. according to jain & moorthy (2022), cbd helps reduce inflammation and nerve pain associated with osteoarthritis. in rodents, cbd proved efficient in decreasing chronic inflammatory and neuropathic pain.how does cbd workcbd interacts with g-protein coupled receptors, a type of receptor (gpcrs); receptors in your body, playing a range of roles in the processes that occur within it. more than one-third of the prescription drugs you use, such as those for diabetes, are intended to bind to gpcrs. mińczuk et al. (2022) revealed that cbd could alter insulin resistance because cannabinoids are the most abundant gpcr.cbd should not be used as a short-term supplement; rather, it should be viewed as a long-term treatment. using it for an extended period yields the best results. the first and thirty-first days will be vastly different. you might be able to reduce the severity of your inflammation if you give it some time.a holistic approach is naturally required to manage inflammation and disease activity. you should take your prescribed medications, work your stress levels, eat a diet rich in anti-inflammatory foods such as fruits, vegetables, and healthy fats, and exercise regularly. angulo et al. (2020) stated that these processes work together to achieve the intended results of reduced inflammation and improved hormone balance.the study above showed that cbd helps ease some underlying issues contributing to diabetes and may also improve diabetes management. it's not that cannabidiol instantly improves insulin sensitivity; rather, the essential conclusion is that it can be beneficial as part of a greater holistic practice.although cbd is well tolerated, some people may negatively react. stojkovski (2022) suggested that cbd can suppress immunologic responses, raise eye pressure which may exacerbate glaucoma symptoms, and elevate blood levels of some medicines, such as the blood thinner coumadin, which can cause severe bleeding if taken in large amounts. talk to your primary care practitioner first if you're considering using cbd.conclusionthere is little evidence to support the many claims that continue to be made regarding cannabidiol oil's purported benefits. it is no replacement for the conventional methods used to manage diabetes. the safety of cbd remains a mystery; it could have potentially harmful side effects that you won't be aware of unless additional research is conducted. there is a lot of interest in researching cannabidiol, and you should learn more in the future years about the specific effects cannabidiol can have and the things cbd cannot do. it is best practice to pursue ideal health and diabetes management with treatments that have evidence to prove they are safe and effective.referencesangulo, j., el assar, m., álvarez-bustos, a., & rodríguez-mañas, l. (2020). physical activity and exercise: strategies to manage frailty. redox biology, 35, 101513.aubin, a. m., lombard-vadnais, f., collin, r., aliesky, h. a., mclachlan, s. m., & lesage, s. (2022). the nod mouse beyond autoimmune diabetes. frontiers in immunology, 1647.gorelick, j., assa-glazer, t., zandani, g., altberg, a., sela, n., nyska, a., & madar, z. (2022). thc and cbd affect metabolic syndrome parameters, including microbiome in mice fed a high fat-cholesterol diet. journal of cannabis research, 4(1), 1-13.jain, n., & moorthy, a. (2022). cannabinoids in rheumatology: friend, foe, or a bystander?. musculoskeletal care, 20(2), 416-428.may, c. a. (2022). can cbd protect against olfactory inflammation and neuronal loss?.mińczuk, k., baranowska-kuczko, m., krzyżewska, a., schlicker, e., & malinowska, b. (2022). cross-talk between the (endo) cannabinoid and renin-angiotensin systems: basic evidence and potential therapeutic significance. international journal of molecular sciences, 23(11), 6350.ojha, s., balaji, v., sadek, b., & rajesh, m. (2017). beneficial effects of phytochemicals in diabetic retinopathy: experimental and clinical evidence. eur rev med pharmacol sci, 21(11), 2769-83.peyravian, n., deo, s., daunert, s., & jimenez, j. j. (2022). the anti-inflammatory effects of cannabidiol (cbd) on acne. journal of inflammation research, 15, 2795.stojkovski, k. (2022). the best cbd for arthritis 2022: 7 cbd oils and topicals for joint pain. order, 7, 00. can cbd oil help macular degeneration macular degeneration is an eye condition that affects adults over the age of 50. the condition can occur in one or both eyes and cause central vision loss. the pathogenesis of macular degeneration is not fully understood, and there is no evidence-based treatment. however, cbd, a natural compound from the cannabis plant, has neuroprotective properties that are effective in treating macular degeneration. the neuroprotective effects prevent retinal cell death hence preventing vision loss. cbd interacts with the endocannabinoid system to exert its therapeutic effects.how does cbd oil help macular degeneration?macular degeneration occurs as a result of macular thinning. the macular is located in the retina and plays a role in providing vision. however, changes in retinal structure lead to diseases such as age-related macular degeneration. rapino et al. (2018) stated that cbd has neuroprotective effects that help treat retinal disorders. the therapeutic approach aims to prevent retinal neurodegeneration from causing irreversible damage. cbd is added to the list of drugs that have neuroprotective action. cbd binds to cb1 and trpv1 receptors to produce neuroprotective effects. it provides retinal protection and blocks retinal cell death. according to caldwell et al. (2013), cbd also reduces intraocular pressure with the help of cb1. since retinal ganglion cell degeneration is responsible for macular degeneration, cairns et al. (2016) explained that cbd works with trpv1 to enhance retinal ganglion cell survival. in general, cbd’s neuroprotective effects are enhanced by cb1 and trpv1 receptors. the cannabidiol system is a therapeutic target for the treatment of macular degeneration according to schwitzer et al. (2016), the endocannabinoids are present in the retina and play a role in providing the retinal ganglion cells with visual information. however, damage to the retina pigment epithelium leads to macular degeneration. cbd works with the endocannabinoid receptors to protect the retina pigment epithelium from causing macular degeneration.conclusionmacular degeneration is a serious condition that can lead to vision loss. the latter can affect day-to-day activities such as driving a car, recognizing faces, and reading. the cb1 and cb2 receptors in the retina help the cbd exert its neuroprotective effects to protect the retina from degeneration, thus avoiding vision loss. cbd does not contain psychoactive feelings. thus, it could benefit patients with neuroprotective benefits without causing the ‘high’ feeling or unwanted side effects. there is no cure for this condition; consuming cbd oil has been proven to prevent retinal cell death.referencescairns, e. a., toguri, j. t., porter, r. f., szczesniak, a. m., & kelly, m. e. (2016). seeing over the horizon–targeting the endocannabinoid system for the treatment of ocular disease. journal of basic and clinical physiology and pharmacology, 27(3), 253-265.caldwell, m. d., hu, s. s. j., viswanathan, s., bradshaw, h., kelly, m. e., & straiker, a. (2013). a gpr 18‐based signalling system regulates iop in murine eye. british journal of pharmacology, 169(4), 834-843.rapino, c., tortolani, d., scipioni, l., & maccarrone, m. (2018). neuroprotection by (endo) cannabinoids in glaucoma and retinal neurodegenerative diseases. current neuropharmacology, 16(7), 959-970.schwitzer, t., schwan, r., angioi-duprez, k., giersch, a., & laprevote, v. (2016). the endocannabinoid system in the retina: from physiology to practical and therapeutic applications. neural plasticity, 2016. can cbd oil help with weight? in the united states, most individuals use cbd oil for recreational purposes. its use has come with many claims like health benefits, among others. most people using cbd oil claim that it helps with reducing weight. this article explains if cbd oil can help with weight.cbd oil is extracted from the hemp plant, mainly from the leaves and flowers of the plant. after extraction, some carrier oils are added to the cbd for efficiency. cbd oil is pure from other compounds as it contains no other terpenes, flavonoids, or thc levels. consumption does not make an individual feel high, as cbd is a non-psychoactive product. the legal use of cbd was due to the legalization of hemp cultivation in the us in 2018, when the farm bill was signed, thus allowing cbd use. all products from hemp-based plants are legal, while those from marijuana are illegal. users of cbd oil-related products claim to have benefited from it as it helps in weight management. although the claims are anecdotal, it is widely consumed to aid in weight management.cbd oil and weight lossmany individuals suffering from weight problems can use cbd oil to aid in losing weight. it can be achieved by how cbd oil, when consumed, affects an individual's brain and body. it occurs when cbd interacts with the endocannabinoid system. this system responds to different body chemicals through cb1 and cb2 receptors. while cb2 is mainly in the immune system, cb1 is mostly in the brain. individuals suffering from obesity have a widespread cb1 but mainly in fatty tissues. kogan & mechoulam (2022) explained that there is a link between cb1 receptor activation and obesity as cbd oil works with other cannabinoids to help activate other receptors like serotonin. thus, one can be able to lose weight or other metabolic functions that are critical. cbd oil is seen to help one lose weight and help prevent metabolic disorders through;reducing appetitean individual can lose weight after consuming cbd oil as it helps in reducing an individual appetite. although many individuals associate cannabis with increasing appetite, some individuals using thc experience hunger, and cbd oil also can cause hunger as they are from the same plant. cb1 receptors can help in controlling obesity and reducing one's appetite after consuming cbd oil. reduce metabolic disorders risksobesity is linked to metabolic disorders like diabetes and high blood pressure due to the overactivation of cb1 receptors in the fatty tissue. garza-cervantes et al. (2020) explained that consumption of cbd oil help decreases levels of blood sugars and increase markers for liver health since cbd is an antioxidant and an anti-inflammatory.conclusioncbd oil usage has gained popularity in recent years, even with little evidence of its support on health benefits for an individual. but cbd oil in weight management is gaining acceptance in many parts of the world. but an individual should not replace cbd oil with medication for chronic diseases as one must consult a doctor before further use.references garza-cervantes, j. a., ramos-gonzález, m., lozano, o., jerjes-sánchez, c., & garcía-rivas, g. (2020). therapeutic applications of cannabinoids in cardiomyopathy and heart failure. oxidative medicine and cellular longevity, 2020.kogan, n. m., & mechoulam, r. (2022). cannabinoids in health and disease. dialogues in clinical neuroscience. section heading question provide the answer to the question here. question provide the answer to the question here. learn more about us cbd guides customer information privacy policy terms & conditions shipping returns contact cbd products sold on this website are not for use by or sale to persons under the age of 18 and are not intended for medicinal use. products are intended only as a food supplement and not intended to diagnose, treat or cure any illness. all products should be used only as directed on the label. always consult with your physician before use if you have a serious medical condition or use prescription medications. a doctors advice should be sought before using this and any supplemental products. © 2022 boutiquetoyou. powered by shopify search