来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20121224081250/http://www.acwholesalers.com/terms_privacy.asp
================================================================================

terms: privacy central air conditioning air conditioners heat pumps oil/gas furnaces/heaters air handlers/electric furnaces evaporator coils ductless air conditioning wall mounted single zone wall mounted dual zone wall mounted tri zone wall mounted quad zone ceiling recessed / suspended individual indoor & outdoor units room air conditioners portable air conditioners outlet center indoor air quality air cleaners humidifiers dehumidifiers uv lamps accessories thermostats condensate management line sets line set covers tools (your shopping cart is empty) privacy policy what information do we collect? we collect information from you when you register on the site, place an order, enter a contest or sweepstakes, respond to a survey or communication such as e-mail, or participate in another site feature. when ordering or registering, we may ask you for your name, e-mail address, mailing address, phone number, credit card information or other information. you may, however, visit our site anonymously. we also collect information about gift recipients so that we can fulfill the gift purchase. the information we collect about gift recipients is not used for marketing purposes. like many websites, we use "cookies" to enhance your experience and gather information about visitors and visits to our websites. please refer to the "do we use 'cookies'?" section below for information about cookies and how we use them.how do we use your information?we may use the information we collect from you when you register, purchase products, enter a contest or promotion, respond to a survey or marketing communication, surf the website, or use certain other site features in the following ways: to personalize your site experience and to allow us to deliver the type of content and product offerings in which you are most interested. to allow us to better service you in responding to your customer service requests. to quickly process your transactions. to administer a contest, promotion, survey or other site feature. if you have opted-in to receive our e-mail newsletter, we may send you periodic e-mails. if you would no longer like to receive promotional e-mail from us, please refer to the "how can you opt-out, remove or modify information you have provided to us?" section below. if you have not opted-in to receive e-mail newsletters, you will not receive these e-mails. visitors who register or participate in other site features such as marketing programs and 'members-only' content will be given a choice whether they would like to be on our e-mail list and receive e-mail communications from us.how do we protect visitor information?we implement a variety of security measures to maintain the safety of your personal information. your personal information is contained behind secured networks and is only accessible by a limited number of persons who have special access rights to such systems, and are required to keep the information confidential. when you place orders or access your personal information, we offer the use of a secure server. all sensitive/credit information you supply is transmitted via secure socket layer (ssl) technology and then encrypted into our databases to be only accessed as stated above.do we use "cookies"?yes. cookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to your computer's hard drive through your web browser (if you allow) that enables the site's or service provider's systems to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain information. for instance, we use cookies to help us remember and process the items in your shopping cart. they are also used to help us understand your preferences based on previous or current site activity, which enables us to provide you with improved services. we also use cookies to help us compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interaction so that we can offer better site experiences and tools in the future.we may contract with third-party service providers to assist us in better understanding our site visitors. these service providers are not permitted to use the information collected on our behalf except to help us conduct and improve our business.you can choose to have your computer warn you each time a cookie is being sent, or you can choose to turn off all cookies. you do this through your browser (like netscape navigator or internet explorer) settings. each browser is a little different, so look at your browser help menu to learn the correct way to modify your cookies. if you turn cookies off, you won't have access to many features that make your site experience more efficient and some of our services will not function properly. however, you can still place orders over the telephone by contacting customer service.do we disclose the information we collect to outside parties?we do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information unless we provide you with advance notice, except as described below. the term "outside parties" does not include acwholesalers.com. it also does not include website hosting partners and other parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or servicing you, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. we may also release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others' rights, property, or safety.however, non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses.how can you opt-out, remove or modify information you have provided to us?to modify your e-mail subscriptions, please let us know by modifying your preferences in the "my account" section. please note that due to email production schedules you may receive any emails already in production.to delete all of your online account information from our database, sign into the "my account" section of our site and remove your shipping addresses, billing addresses & payment information. please note that we may maintain information about an individual sales transaction in order to service that transaction and for record keeping.third party linksin an attempt to provide you with increased value, we may include third party links on our site. these linked sites have separate and independent privacy policies. we therefore have no responsibility or liability for the content and activities of these linked sites. nonetheless, we seek to protect the integrity of our site and welcome any feedback about these linked sites (including if a specific link does not work).changes to our policyif we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page. policy changes will apply only to information collected after the date of the change. this policy was last modified on august 6, 2003.questions and feedbackwe welcome your questions, comments, and concerns about privacy. please send us any and all feedback pertaining to privacy, or any other issue.online policy onlythis online privacy policy applies only to information collected through our website and not to information collected offline.terms and conditionsplease also visit our terms and conditions section establishing the use, disclaimers, and limitations of liability governing the use of our website.your consentby using our site, you consent to our privacy policy. payments accepted store links customer care helpful links stay connected • acwholesalers.com • goductless.com • grunaire.com • store.grunaire.com • packageunits.com • acblowout.com • blog.hvacstores.com • view our network • home • about us • security & privacy • terms of use • contact us • my account • testimonials • returns • warranty • help • shipping • product index • category index • news © 2000-2012 acwholesalers.com inc. all rights reserved. hvacstores.com network store heating and air conditioning systems are two of the most important investments of home ownership. in fact, heating and air conditioners are major factors for those looking to purchase homes, and are a critical part of living comfortably in a home. air conditioning systems are classified as central air conditioners, room air conditioners, and ductless air conditioners. central heating and cooling is the most standard method, and is defined by a system that produces warm or cool air in one central area and then distributes it throughout the home. an air-conditioning system provides air conditioning, ventilation, humidity control and even heating (if using a heat pump, and or furnace) for a home. there are many types of systems that work as central air conditioning systems, from traditional split systems to packaged product systems. products typically used in central heating and cooling systems are heat pumps, air conditioners, gas and oil furnaces, fan coils, evaporator coils, single packaged products (all in on systems) controls and thermostats room air conditioners are examples of local heating and cooling. products such as room air conditioners, window air conditioner, wall air conditioner, portable air conditioners, and portable heaters are local cooling and heating options for smaller areas within homes. instead of delivering cooled refrigerant to a coil and then to ductwork, a room air conditioner contains all the components in a single unit and blows air directly into a room. the term "hvac," is used frequently to describe home heating and air conditioning systems. the acronym stands for heating, ventilation and air conditioning which are the primary functions of a home comfort system. as the name states, a ductless air conditioner or ductless heat pump does not rely upon air ducts to route treated air through your home or office. these systems are an affordable alternative to central heating, ventilating, and air conditioning (hvac ) systems, which need a network of ducts to move air. ductless air conditioners are generally considered to be more efficient and easier to maintain than room air conditioners and ptac's. they are available in floor mounted, wall mounted, ceiling cassettes, ceiling suspended and in single zone, and multi zone units covering up to 8 rooms. acwholesalers.com is here to help you find any home comfort product available from central air conditioners to patio heaters, and even the tools needed to do the job right. most items ship within 24 hours from our state of the art 88,000 sq ft facility. no matter what the weather is outdoors you can always rely on us to have the right system in stock to keep you and your family comfortable year round. we have made shopping online easy with resources like installation guides, product videos, reviews, product specs and our new preferred installer network. acwholesalers.com carries over 20,000 products from trusted brands for central air conditioning like goodman and rheem. for our ductless, ptac, and room air conditioners we rely on names like lg, mitsubishi, fedders, grunaire, comfort-aire, fujitsu, friedrich, and amana. our experts on the ventilation markets are, panasonic, fantech, delta, and nutone. for enjoying your backyard on a cool day we count on fire sense, and endless summer for firepits as well as patio heaters. for a final touch we carry, thermostats, refrigerant lines sets, indoor air quality products such air cleaners, humidifiers, germicidal uv lights, air purifiers and dehumidifiers. your welcome to browse through our online store for the largest selection of hvac products and for personal assistance, contact one of our friendly and knowledgeable representatives at (866) 631-6389. goodman split systems | goodman air conditioners | goodman heat pumps | goodman heat pump systems | goodman air conditioner systems | goodman package units | goodman gas furnace systems | goodman gas furnaces | mitsubishi mr. slim ductless air conditioners | lg ductless air conditioners | air cleaners | humidifiers | uv lamps | thermostats | refrigerant line sets | slimduct ware by volusion