来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20131231112142/https://www.acwholesalers.com/company/content.jsp?cp=300020
================================================================================

terms of use for ac wholesalers of heating & air conditioner products wholesale direct to the public home comfort heating & air conditioning products call our friendly staff toll free: 1.866.631.6389mon - fri 9:00am - 6:00pm est free shippingon orders over $99! 0 items $0.00 log in customer service central air conditioner air conditioner components air conditioner condenser air handlers air conditioner evaporator coils gas furnaces heat pump condenser oil furnaces about air conditioners ductless heaters ventilation air conditioner systems gas electric split systems hybrid fuel split systems heat pump split systems air conditioner split systems about air conditioners ductless heaters ventilation package air conditioners gas electric package units hybrid fuel package units heat pump package units air conditioner package units about air conditioners ductless heaters ventilation air conditioning accessories refrigerant copper line sets condensate management copper fittings & reducers electrical components & controls electrical heat strip equipment mounting filters & transitions fresh air line set covers metering devices return & supply grills sight glass & filter driers sound reduction thermostats vent & fuel kits heat & energy recovery ventilators media air cleaners electronic & hepa germicidal uv lamps about air conditioners ductless heaters ventilation room air ductless single zone air conditioner wall mounted ductless air ceiling recessed cassette ceiling suspended ductless ducted air conditioner individual indoor & outdoor units about air conditioners ductless heaters ventilation ductless multi zone air conditioner dual zone heat pump tri zone heat pump quad zone heat pump multi indoor & outdoor units about air conditioners ductless heaters ventilation ductless commercial single zone wall mounted ductless air ceiling recessed cassette ceiling suspended ductless mini ducted air conditioner about air conditioners ductless heaters ventilation portable air conditioner residential air conditioner commercial air condtioner misting fans about air conditioners ductless heaters ventilation window air conditioner wall air conditioner swamp coolers ptac air conditioner ductless air accessories ductless refrigerant copper line sets line set covers air conditioner remote control wind baffle condensate management electrical components equipment mounting filters port adapters branch box ac sensor germicidal uv lamps about air conditioners ductless heaters ventilation room air accessories heaters baseboard heater architectural electric commercial electric electric convection high altitude convection hydronic electric kick space heater floor drop-in heater about air conditioners ductless heaters ventilation ceiling heater commercial ceiling heaters commercial recessed mount fan forced ceiling heaters commercial surface mount radiant cove & bulb fan forced shop heaters portable wall or ceiling mount radiant ceiling panel inline duct heaters about air conditioners ductless heaters ventilation oil & gas furnaces gas furnaces oil furnaces about air conditioners ductless heaters ventilation infrared heaters electric infrared heaters metal infrared sheath heater portable infrared heater about air conditioners ductless heaters ventilation electic fireplaces electric fireplaces fireplace tool sets fireplace screens firewood holders about air conditioners ductless heaters ventilation portable heater fan forced portable heaters portable radiant heaters portable ceramic heaters portable metal sheath infrared portable baseboard heaters about air conditioners ductless heaters ventilation tankless water heaters point of use water heaters whole house water heaters commercial tankless water heaters water heater accessories about air conditioners ductless heaters ventilation wall heaters register style fan forced low profile fan forced midsized fan forced fan forced wall heaters commercial heavy duty commercial fan forced commercial low profile about air conditioners ductless heaters ventilation outdoor heaters fire pits patio heaters outdoor accessories about air conditioners ductless heaters ventilation heater accessories outdoor portable generators fire pits patio heaters water pumps sump pumps coil cleaning pumps effluent pumps small submersible pumps central air condensate removal pumps shallow well jet pump convertible jet pump water pump accessories utility pumps sewage pumps grinder pumps lawn sprinkler pump ice machine pump evaporative cooler pumps about air conditioners ductless heaters ventilation ceiling fans tankless water heaters swamp coolers outdoor accessories attic ventilators indoor air quality air cleaners electronic & hepa media air cleaners heat & energy recovery ventilators replacement filters air purifier about air conditioners ductless heaters ventilation humidifier steam humidifiers water humidifiers humidifier replacement pads swamp coolers misting fans about air conditioners ductless heaters ventilation dehumidifier portable dehumidifiers whole house dehumidifiers about air conditioners ductless heaters ventilation germicidal uv lamps germicidal uv lamps uv replacement bulbs uv lamp accessories about air conditioners ductless heaters ventilation accessories ventilation bathroom exhaust fans air curtain ceiling fans range hoods attic ventilators inline fans ducting grilles and registers axial fans centrifugal duct fan parts and accessories tools search / help center terms of use print help center ordering product availability backorders warranty coverage payment methods sales tax information shipping & returns order status shipping rates shipping methods returns policy shipping policy why acwholesalers.com? low price guarantee best value find an installer distribution centers security & privacy customer testimonials our company about us contact us terms of use hvac network of stores careers news terms of use please read the following terms and conditions of use carefully before using this website. all users of this site agree that access to and use of this site is subject to the following terms and conditions and other applicable law. shipping policy free shipping promotions apply to residential or business curbside delivery within the 48 contiguous states. lift gate service is available at a cost of $35.00, however it is subject to availability within your local freight ltl delivering terminal. free shipping does not include inside delivery. for inside delivery rates contact your local national/freight delivering terminal. we process and ship orders monday through friday. orders placed by 12 p.m. est, monday through friday, are shipped within 1 to 2 business days. items ordered on weekends (saturday or sunday) start to process and ship as early as the following business day. some items may be placed on backorder. a few extra days may be required for back ordered items to ship. shipping transit times start once your order leaves our warehouse. read complete shipping policies carefully. we highly recommend not to schedule your installation/replacement with your hvac installer until you have received your product this can avoid any possible additional charges. since the shipping means are not via our delivery trucks, some delays in shipping by the freight or ground carrier may occur which are unfortunately out of our control. warranty policy hvacstores will back up 100% of all warranties as to parts which are offered by the manufacturer. hvacstores offers only nationally known and established brands that provide a nationwide parts distribution network. most air conditioning installers are authorized by these manufacturers to service these units and obtain free of charge replacement parts for the term of your applicable warranty. accordingly, make sure you review and are familiar with the terms, language, and/or requirements for any applicable warranty. if a product should fail within the first 30 days of purchase due to part (s) failure, hvacstores will cover shipping fees to get the necessary replacement part (s) to you. after 30 days of purchase, you are responsible for any applicable shipping fees for obtaining any replacement parts. you also have the option of processing warranty claims with local heating and cooling installers that service the products we sell. to validate your warranty claim, a licensed contractor must have either installed or inspected your equipment before start-up. without a receipt from a licensed contractor, hvacstores cannot process warranty parts or claims for you. failure to submit the aforementioned receipt will result in denial of any warranty claim. if any product purchased from hvacstores.com should result in failure upon installation or not operate after installation, we are only responsible for supplying the parts warranted by the manufacturer. under no circumstances will either refrigerant r22 or r410a be covered or reimbursed if refrigerant needs to be re-added to the system; whether it is missing from the unit when it arrives to the customer's location or after a part is replaced. under no circumstances will hvacstores replace a whole system or component. hvacstores does not provide any warranty above and beyond the manufacturer's warranty as to parts. hvacstores is not liable for any warranties, costs, and/or expenses incurred by the consumer due to a malfunction of any product (s) sold on our site. hvacstores does not provide labor warranties or compensation of any kind for any costs incurred by the consumer due to a malfunction of any products sold on our site. the product (s) sold on our site are intended by the manufacturers to be installed by professional heating and air conditioning installers. they are available to you on this site as a means of saving a substantial amount of money. we know the advantages of self-installation, as well as any disadvantages, and it'â’s your decision to purchase from us and install on your own. any person or entity that decides on self-installation is responsible for and accepts all risk for both installation and equipment selection. any applicable warranty will be void if the installation is not completed by a licensed contractor. having these systems installed by a contractor is more costly but it has its advantages - professional installation, labor warranty may be provided by the contractor, the validation of your warranty with the manufacturer, and potentially someone to process warranty claims for you. (for safety reasons, do not install a furnace yourself unless you are qualified to do so. most of the manufacturers of these products sold on our site have no provisions to provide warranty replacement parts or technical support to the homeowner. they only work through dealers, such as your local heating and air conditioning installers. returns if you're not completely satisfied with your purchase prior to installing the products (s), you may return original merchandise by first requesting a return merchandise authorization (rma) within 30 days of your order's shipping date. rma's expire after 30 days of their issue. products for return must be received by hvacstores prior to the rma's expiration date. all orders associated with our free shipping offer will be charged the original shipping fees that hvacstores incurred in the process of shipping your order. ( original shipping charges are non-refundable ) note: only uninstalled products in their brand new, original condition may be returned for a refund. if there was a product on your order given from hvacstores as a "free" gift/item, such cannot be returned or exchanged for credit or upgrade to another product(s). please read the return policy for more information. returns policy cancellation you may cancel your order prior to being shipped, you must request the cancellation via our toll free customer service dept by calling 1-866-631-6389 or 1-866-793-0323. the service dept is open monday through friday from 9:00am est to 6:00pm est, to assure accurate fulfillment of your cancellation request we do not accept under any circumstances order cancellations via email, voice mail, facsimile, or u.s. mail. (no exceptions). there will be no charges associated with your cancellation before your order has shipped. reminder: order cancellation must be called in to a representative, due to our fast turn around of orders they will need to pull your order from the shipping dept in order to cancel it. if your order has shipped but has not been delivered, you may request that the representative contact the freight or ground carriers in an effort to stop the delivery and bring back the order to hvacstores. this option will be very costly, due to the fact that their will be two charges emposed the outgoing shipping freight / ground charges and the inbound shipping freight / ground charges. you the customer will be responsible for these charges, which will be deducted from your refund. once the order is cancelled credit for the items can take as long as 30 business days to be refunded to your credit card. always check with your hvac installer to ensure that the product you ordered is the right product for your needs, taking these steps will help to avoid any costly errors in ordering the wrong product. orders that have shipped to customers and must be held at the local freight terminal for more than 4 business days due to lack of communication with customer whether via email or phone, order will be considered abandoned which renders the order cancelled. at which times the cancellation policy will apply and customer is responsible for freight charges for outbound and inbound. copyright the entire content included in this site, including but not limited to text, graphics or code is copyrighted as a collective work under the united states and other copyright laws, and is the property of hvacstores, its parents, subsidiaries or other indicated author (s). the collective work includes works that are licensed to hvacstores. copyright 2007, hvacstores all rights reserved. permission is granted to electronically copy and print hard copy portions of the site for the sole purpose of placing and order with hvacstores or purchasing products from hvacstores. you may display and, subject to any expressly states restrictions or limitations relating to specific material, download or print portions of the material from the different area of the site solely for your own non-commercial use, or to place an order with hvacstores or to purchase products from hvacstores. any other use, including but not limited to the reproduction, distribution, display or transmission of the content of this site is strictly prohibited, unless authorized by hvacstores. you further agree not to change or delete any proprietary notices from materials downloaded from the site. trademarks all trademarks, service marks and/or trade names of hvacstores used in the site are trademarks or registered trademarks of hvacstores, its parent company (ies) and/or subsidiaries. limitation of liability hvacstores shall not be liable for any special or consequential damages that result from the use of, or the inability to use, the materials on this site or the performance of the products, even if hvacstores has been advised of the possibility of such damages. applicable law may not allow the limitation of exclusion of liability or incidental or consequential damages, so the above limitation or exclusion may not apply to you. product choice and installation hvacstores does not accept any responsibility for or warrant the fitness of any equipment for any particular application. hvacstores is not responsible or liable for any suggestions that it may provide concerning system sizing and/or selection. any issues or decisions regarding system sizing and/or selection must be resolved and/or reached solely by the consumer and should not be based on any information or suggestions from hvacstores. all products must be installed according to manufacturer's installation instructions and safety guidelines. all work must be done according to applicable building, installation, and/or maintenance codes. products sold by hvacstores must be installed by a qualified licensed hvac technician. hvacstores covers parts only under warranty. installer is responsible for any applicable labor warranty. epa notice purchaser hereby acknowledges that federal law prohibits opening the refrigeration lines of any equipment purchased on this website or through hvacstores. a properly licensed person must handle the refrigerant contained in any unit/system. purchaser hereby assumes full responsibility for the installation and/or maintenance of the unit/system in accordance with applicable building, installation, and/or maintenance code requirements. typographical errors in the event that an hvacstores product is mistakenly listed at an incorrect price, hvacstores reserves the right to refuse or cancel any orders placed for the product (s) listed at the incorrect price. hvacstores reserves the right to refuse or cancel any such orders whether or not the order has been confirmed and your credit card charged. if your credit card has already been charged for the purchase and your order is cancelled, hvacstores shall issue a credit to your credit card account in the amount of the incorrect price. applicability of terms and conditions these terms and conditions are applicable to you upon your accessing the site and/or completing the registration or shopping process. these terms and conditions, or any part of them, may be terminated by hvacstores without notice at any time, for any reason. the provisions relating to copyrights, trademark, disclaimer, limitation of liability, indemnification and/or miscellaneous, shall survive any termination. hvacstores reserves the right to refuse or cancel any order. notice hvacstores may deliver notice to you by means of e-mail, a general notice on the site, or by other reliable method to the address you have provided to hvacstores. use of site harassment in any manner or form on the site, including via e-mail, chat, or by use of obscene or abusive language, is strictly forbidden. impersonation of others, including hvacstores or other licensed employee (s), host (s), or representative (s) of hvacstores, as well as other members or visitors on the site is prohibited. you may not upload to, distribute, or otherwise publish through this site any content which is libelous, defamatory, obscene, threatening, invasive of privacy or publicity rights, abusive, illegal, or otherwise objectionable which may constitute or encourage a civil or criminal offense, violate the rights of any party or which may otherwise give rise to liability or violate any law. you may not upload commercial content on this site or use this site to solicit others to join or become members of any other commercial online service or other organization. rebate center policy there is no acceptance of electronic copy(s) of documents for the sole purpose of obtaining a rebate. any manipulation or alteration of the rebate or other use of materials on this site, including reproduction for purposes other than as noted above, modification, distribution or republication, is strictly prohibited. fraudulent submission could result in federal prosecution under mail fraud statutes (title 18, united states code, sections 1341 and 1342). by submission of this rebate form, you agree to be bound to all rules and regulations placed upon the rebates by hvacstores.com disclaimers: (i) entries that are lost, late, misdirected, incorrect, garbled, or incompletely received, for any reason, including by reason of hardware, software, browser, or network failure, malfunction, congestion, or incompatibility will not be eligible. in the event of a dispute, entries will be deemed submitted by the authorized account holder of the e-mail address submitted at the time of entry. "authorized account holder" is defined as the natural person who is assigned to an e-mail address by an internet access provider, online service provider, or other organization (e.g., business, educational institute) that is responsible for assigning e-mail addresses for the domain associated with the submitted e-mail address. hvacstores reserve the right to cancel, terminate or modify the promotion if it is not capable of completion as planned, including by reason of infection by computer virus, bugs, tampering, unauthorized intervention, force majeure or technical failures of any sort. hvacstores are not responsible for errors in the administration or fulfillment of this promotion, including without limitation mechanical, human, printing, distribution or production errors, and may modify or cancel this promotion based upon such error at its sole discretion without liability. (vi) caution: any attempt by an entrant to deliberately damage the website or undermine the legitimate operation of this promotion may be a violation of criminal and/or civil laws, and should such an attempt be made, hvacstores reserves the right to seek remedies and damages (including without limitation attorneys' fees) from any such entrant to the fullest extent of the law, including criminal prosecution. post-order price match policy we do not offer post-order price matching when an item's price drops after you buy it. our prices regularly change, and the price you paid when your order shipped was the lowest price we were able to offer at the time. we consistently offer competitive prices on everything we carry because we know low prices are very important to our customers. promotion center policy any promotions listed on hvacstores.com may not be combined unless specified otherwise. all promotions will have a linked page with the information regarding the rules and regulations for the promotion. please review certain restrictions that do apply on all promotions, please look at the "live" (promotion running that month(s)) promotion page with the restrictions as follow: - promotion period - eligibility - how to enter - no transfer or substitution indemnification you agree to indemnify, defend, and hold harmless, hvacstores its officers, directors, employees, agents, preferred installers, installer, affiliates, licensors and suppliers (collectively the "service providers") from and against all losses, expenses, damages and costs, including reasonable attorneys' fees, resulting from any violation of these terms and conditions or any activity related to your account (including negligent or wrongful conduct) by you or any other person (s) or entity accessing the site using your internet account. store links acwholesalers.com goductless.com view our network customer care help security & privacy terms of use contact us my account careers helpful links about us find an installer become an installer sizing calculator shipping returns warranty news site map affiliate marketing stay connected facebook twitter youtube g+ don't miss a deal! sign up to receive special offers and promotions from the hvacstores network of sites. email address goodman split systems | goodman air conditioners | goodman heat pumps | goodman heat pump systems | goodman air conditioner systemsgoodman package units | goodman gas furnace systems | goodman gas furnaces | mitsubishi mr. slim ductless air conditionerslg ductless air conditioners | air cleaners | humidifiers | uv lamps | thermostats | refrigerant line sets | slimduct acwholesalers is your one-stop for home comfort products, heating, ventilation, air conditioning and other home comfort products. we carry thousands of products from a huge variety of the top prescreened brands in the industry. at acwholesalers, we hand pick every item in our inventory. we only work with the most reputable, trusted manufacturers of ductless heating, air conditioning products.when you order from acwholesalers, you're getting access to our large inventory, the convenience of fast, free shipping on orders over $99, and the comfort of knowing our dedicated team is here to make sure you’re completely satisfied. our friendly, efficient customer service is second-to-none, and we guarantee your satisfaction on every order you place through acwholesalers. we invite you to browse our large selection of heaters, air conditioners, and other home comfort products, and please contact us if you have any questions.we look forward to making your home or business a more comfortable! acwholesalers.com is part of hvacstores network of stores ©2005- acwholesalers.com inc. all rights reserved.