来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20150926151918/https://www.acwholesalers.com/company/content.jsp?cp=300012
================================================================================

ac wholesalers ships nationwide air conditioners in a timely manner wholesale direct to the publichome comfort heating & air conditioning products call our friendly staff toll free: 1.866.631.6389mon - fri 9:00am - 6:00pm est free shippingon all orders! 0 items $0.00 log in customer service air conditioner air conditioner components air conditioner condenser heat pump condenser air handler air conditioner evaporator coils gas furnaces oil furnaces central air conditioner accessories about air conditioners ductless heaters ventilation air conditioner systems air conditioner split systems heat pump split systems gas electric split systems hybrid fuel split systems central air conditioner accessories about air conditioners ductless heaters ventilation package air conditioners air conditioner package units heat pump package units gas electric package units hybrid fuel package units central air conditioner accessories about air conditioners ductless heaters ventilation ductless mini splits ductless mini split single zone ductless mini split multi zone commercial ductless mini split ductless mini split accessories about air conditioners ductless heaters ventilation room air portable air conditioner window air conditioner wall air conditioner ptac air conditioner room air accessories about air conditioners ductless heaters ventilation swamp coolers air conditioner accessories central air conditioner accessories ductless mini split accessories room air accessories about air conditioners ductless heaters ventilation ductless mini splits ductless mini split single zone ductless mini split wall mounted ductless mini split ceiling recessed cassette ductless mini split ceiling suspended ducted mini split air conditioner floor mounted ductless mini split individual indoor & outdoor units about air conditioners ductless heaters ventilation ductless mini split multi zone ductless mini split dual zone ductless mini split tri zone ductless mini split quad zone ductless mini split five zone multi indoor & outdoor units about air conditioners ductless heaters ventilation commercial ductless mini split wall mounted ductless air ceiling recessed cassette ceiling suspended ductless mini ducted air conditioner about air conditioners ductless heaters ventilation ductless mini split accessories ductless refrigerant copper line sets line set covers air conditioner remote control wind baffle condensate management electrical components equipment mounting filters port adaptors branch box ac sensor germicidal uv lamps about air conditioners ductless heaters ventilation heaters heat pump condenser baseboard heater architectural electric commercial electric electric convection high altitude convection hydronic electric kick space heater floor drop-in heater about air conditioners ductless heaters ventilation ceiling heater commercial ceiling heaters commercial recessed mount fan forced ceiling heaters commercial surface mount radiant cove & bulb fan forced shop heaters portable wall or ceiling mount radiant ceiling panel inline duct heaters about air conditioners ductless heaters ventilation furnaces infrared heaters electric infrared heaters metal infrared sheath heater portable infrared heater about air conditioners ductless heaters ventilation stoves and fireplaces fireplaces stoves fireplace tool sets fireplace screens firewood and firewood holders about air conditioners ductless heaters ventilation portable heater fan forced portable heaters portable radiant heaters portable ceramic heaters portable metal sheath infrared portable baseboard heaters about air conditioners ductless heaters ventilation tankless water heaters point of use water heaters whole house water heaters commercial tankless water heaters water heater accessories about air conditioners ductless heaters ventilation wall heaters register style fan forced low profile fan forced midsized fan forced fan forced wall heaters commercial heavy duty commercial fan forced commercial low profile about air conditioners ductless heaters ventilation outdoor heaters fire pits patio heaters outdoor accessories about air conditioners ductless heaters ventilation heater accessories room air portable air conditioner residential air conditioner commercial air condtioner misting fans about air conditioners ductless heaters ventilation window air conditioner wall air conditioner ptac air conditioner room air accessories indoor air quality air cleaners electronic & hepa media air cleaners heat & energy recovery ventilators replacement filters air purifier about air conditioners ductless heaters ventilation humidifier steam humidifiers water humidifiers humidifier replacement pads swamp coolers misting fans about air conditioners ductless heaters ventilation dehumidifier portable dehumidifiers whole house dehumidifiers industrial dehumidifiers about air conditioners ductless heaters ventilation germicidal uv lamps germicidal uv lamps uv replacement bulbs uv lamp accessories about air conditioners ductless heaters ventilation accessories ventilation bathroom exhaust fans air circulators range hoods range hoods range hood accessories about air conditioners ductless heaters ventilation attic ventilators inline fans ducting grilles and registers centrifugal duct fan parts and accessories tools search / help center shipping policy print help center ordering product availability backorders warranty coverage payment methods sales tax information shipping & returns order status shipping rates shipping methods returns policy shipping policy why acwholesalers.com? low price guarantee find an installer best value customer reviews distribution centers security & privacy our company about us contact us terms of use hvac network of stores careers news shipping policy free shipping promotions apply to residential or business curbside delivery within the 48 contiguous states. lift gate service is available at a cost of $35.00, however it is subject to availability within your local freight ltl delivering terminal. freight ltl shipping currently does not include inside delivery. for inside delivery rates contact your local national/freight delivering terminal. we process and ship orders monday through friday. orders placed by 12 p.m. est, monday through friday, are normally shipped within 1 to 2 business days. we always recommend to check the products availability text (located in the product detail page to the left of the add to cart button) to ensure proper lead times if and when applicable. lead times may affect your orders fulfillment and shipment time. items ordered on weekends (saturday or sunday) start to process and ship as early as the following business day. some items may be placed on backorder. a few extra days may be required for back ordered items to ship. shipping transit times start once your order leaves our warehouse. we highly recommend not to schedule your installation/replacement with your hvac installer until you have received your product this can avoid any possible additional charges. since the shipping means are not via our delivery trucks, some delays in shipping by the freight or ground carrier may occur which are unfortunately out of our control. equipment arrival shipping transit times are not guaranteed and may vary depending on your delivery address. the lift gate service is recommended on all our orders that contain heating and air conditioning equipment; however it is subject to availability within your local freight ltl company delivering terminal. once your order arrives, make sure to inspect each and every item on the pallet. count the number of items (boxes) on the shipment. make sure that your count matches the count printed on the delivery receipt before signing for your delivery. missing items or incorrect items that were noted on the delivery receipt, must be reported within 24 hours of receiving your order by calling our customer service dept @ 1-866-631-6389 or 1-866-793-0323 m-f 9:00 am est to 6:00pm est. we reserve the right to reject any claim for a missing items if not reported within the twenty-four period. after taking count of the pieces on your shipment, remove wrapping or boxes and inspect each item of equipment thoroughly in the front of the driver. do not sign the delivery receipt until you have thoroughly inspected each item. check all of the equipment to make sure it is not dented or heavily scratched. make sure to mark the delivery receipt clear, short, wrap broken or damaged after inspecting your shipment thoroughly. (whichever is applicable.) making notes on the delivery receipt: if the number of items noted on the delivery receipt matches what you have received and none of the items have been damaged. accept your delivery, sign and mark the receipt clear. please note: the consignee (the customer) is responsible to check and assure that the products being received are clear of damages and/or shortages. if the items or boxes on the shipment do not match the number listed on the delivery receipt. mark the receipt short (a packing slip will be attached to the freight shipment for your reference) make sure to note on the delivery receipt which items are missing. we will work with the carrier to track the missing items, please allow up to 7 business days for the freight carrier to locate your items. please allow the appropriate time for the freight carrier to locate the missing items notated short on the delivery receipt. if the freight carrier is not able to locate the missing items, we will ship those items via standard ground shipping to you at no charge if the receipt was noted short and the items that are missing are noted on the delivery receipt. if the shrink wrap is torn or has been replaced during transit; mark the receipt wrap broken. how do i handle a damaged shipment? if any of the items appear to have any type of damage; mark the receipt damaged (write which items are damaged and describe the damage). any damaged equipment / shortages not reported during time of delivery with driver must be reported within 48 hours of delivery. failure to report within said time frame will reduce the options we can exercise to resolve the damaged or short delivery. only refuse the items that are damaged, keep and sign for the items that are in good condition and be sure to notate the items that are being refused for damages clearly on the delivery receipt. you must contact our customer service dept. at 1-866-631-6389 or 1-866-793-0323 to report which product(s) were refused for damages and which product(s) were accepted at the time of delivery. after our shipping department receives confirmation from the freight ltl company we will promptly ship out the replacement product(s) to you. we only ship out product(s) replacements when the order was refused for damages at the time of delivery. if you have signed your delivery receipt, but later discover your equipment is damaged; you will need to contact the freight ltl company terminal to report the damages to the claims dept and provide them your shipping tracking # to file a claim for damages or shortages. the outcome is between you (the customer) and freight ltl company. find a missing package that shows as delivered? here is what you need to do if your package shows as delivered but you can't find it. within 48 hours of expected delivery: 1.	verify the shipping address is correct 2.	look around for a notice of attempted delivery by the carrier 3.	look around the delivery location for your package, sometimes the carrier will try to place your package in an area that is covered from the elements. 4.	see if someone else accepted the delivery, like your next door neighbor! 5.	some packages may travel through multiple carriers; it’s recommended that you check your mailbox or wherever else you receive mail thoroughly. in rare cases packages may say delivered up to 36 hours prior to arrival. we recommend you wait 36 hours for the package. what to do 48 hours past the expected delivery: any packages that are lost and not reported within 48 hours will unfortunately not be reshipped. if any packages are lost and not reported to hvacstores within the allotted time; you will need to contact the shipping company to report the missing items and open a claim with them. the outcome is between you (the customer) and shipping company. store links acwholesalers.com goductless.com view our network customer care help security & privacy terms of use about us contact us my account careers helpful links find an installer become an installer shipping customer reviews returns warranty news site map affiliate marketing stay connected don't miss a deal! sign up to receive special offers and promotions from the hvacstores network of sites. email address goodman split systems | goodman air conditioners | goodman heat pumps | goodman heat pump systems | goodman air conditioner systemsgoodman package units | goodman gas furnace systems | goodman gas furnaces | mitsubishi mr. slim ductless air conditionerslg ductless air conditioners | air cleaners | humidifiers | uv lamps | thermostats | refrigerant line sets | slimduct acwholesalers is your one-stop for home comfort products, heating, ventilation, air conditioning and other home comfort products. we carry thousands of products from a huge variety of the top prescreened brands in the industry. at acwholesalers, we hand pick every item in our inventory. we only work with the most reputable, trusted manufacturers of ductless heating, air conditioning products.when you order from acwholesalers, you're getting access to our large inventory, the convenience of fast, free shipping on all orders, and the comfort of knowing our dedicated team is here to make sure you’re completely satisfied. our friendly, efficient customer service is second-to-none, and we guarantee your satisfaction on every order you place through acwholesalers. we invite you to browse our large selection of heaters, air conditioners, and other home comfort products, and please contact us if you have any questions.we look forward to making your home or business a more comfortable! acwholesalers.com is part of hvacstores network of stores ©2005- acwholesalers.com inc. all rights reserved.