来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20161020040200/https://www.acwholesalers.com/company/content.jsp?cp=300004
================================================================================

ac wholesalers warranty on goodman heater & air conditioning products wholesale direct to the publichome comfort heating & air conditioning products call our friendly staff toll free: 1.866.631.6389mon - fri 9:00am - 6:00pm est free shippingon select orders! 0 items $0.00 log in customer service air conditioner air conditioner components air conditioner condenser heat pump condenser air handler air conditioner evaporator coils gas furnaces commercial air condensers commercial air handler air conditioner accessories commercial air accessories about air conditioners ductless heaters ventilation air conditioner systems air conditioner split systems heat pump split systems gas electric split systems hybrid fuel split systems commercial air conditioner systems air conditioner accessories commercial air conditioner accessories about air conditioners ductless heaters ventilation package air conditioners air conditioner package units heat pump package units gas electric package units hybrid fuel package units water source heat pumps commercial air package unit air conditioner accessories commercial air conditioner accessories about air conditioners ductless heaters ventilation ductless mini splits ductless mini split single zone ductless mini split multi zone commercial ductless mini split ductless mini split accessories about air conditioners ductless heaters ventilation room air window air conditioner wall air conditioner ptac air conditioner room air accessories about air conditioners ductless heaters ventilation swamp coolers air conditioner accessories air conditioner accessories ductless mini split accessories room air accessories about air conditioners ductless heaters ventilation ductless mini splits ductless mini split single zone ductless mini split wall mounted ductless mini split ceiling recessed cassette ductless mini split ceiling suspended ducted mini split air conditioner floor mounted ductless mini split individual indoor & outdoor units ductless mini split accessories about air conditioners ductless heaters ventilation ductless mini split multi zone ductless mini split dual zone ductless mini split tri zone ductless mini split quad zone ductless mini split five zone multi indoor & outdoor units ductless mini split accessories about air conditioners ductless heaters ventilation commercial ductless mini split wall mounted ductless air ceiling recessed cassette ceiling suspended ductless mini ducted air conditioner ductless mini split accessories about air conditioners ductless heaters ventilation ductless mini split accessories ductless refrigerant copper line sets line set covers air conditioner remote control wind baffle condensate management electrical components equipment mounting filters port adaptors branch box ac sensor about air conditioners ductless heaters ventilation heaters baseboard heater ceiling and wall heaters infrared heaters stoves and fireplaces stoves and fireplaces fireplaces and stove accessories about air conditioners ductless heaters ventilation portable heater tankless water heaters point of use water heaters whole house water heaters commercial tankless water heaters water heater accessories about air conditioners ductless heaters ventilation furnaces heater accessories room air window air conditioner wall air conditioner ptac air conditioner room air accessories indoor air quality air cleaners electronic & hepa media air cleaners heat & energy recovery ventilators replacement filters air purifier about air conditioners ductless heaters ventilation humidifier steam humidifiers water humidifiers humidifier replacement pads swamp coolers about air conditioners ductless heaters ventilation dehumidifier portable dehumidifiers whole house dehumidifiers industrial dehumidifiers about air conditioners ductless heaters ventilation germicidal uv lamps germicidal uv lamps uv replacement bulbs uv lamp accessories about air conditioners ductless heaters ventilation accessories ventilation bathroom exhaust fans attic ventilators inline fans ducting grilles and registers centrifugal duct fan parts and accessories tools search / help center print help center ordering product availability backorders warranty coverage payment methods sales tax information shipping & returns order status shipping rates shipping methods returns policy shipping policy why acwholesalers.com? low price guarantee find an installer best value customer reviews distribution centers security & privacy our company about us contact us terms of use hvac network of stores careers news warranty coverage it always happens when you least expect it, the heating, ventilation or air conditioning systems go out. now you’re left in an uncomfortable situation with your hands on your head wondering what to do. no worries we have you covered! hvacstores will back up 100% of all warranties as to functional parts and/or product repair(s)/refurbishment(s) which are offered by the manufacturer. we pride ourselves in only working with the most reputable, trusted manufacturers in the heating, ventilation and air conditioning industry that provide a nationwide parts distribution network. because of this, most air conditioning and heating professionals are authorized by these manufacturers to service these units and obtain free of charge replacement/refurbished part(s) and/or provide a refurbished replacement(s) for the term of your warranties. accordingly, make sure you review and are familiar with the terms, language, and/or requirements for any applicable manufacturer's warranty. warranty validation is solely dependent on the manufacturer’s requirements for the product(s) purchased. how do i validate my warranty on products that require professional installation? to validate your warranty, a licensed professional must have either fully installed or inspected your equipment before and including turning on the product(s) during initial start-up. after the initial start-up has been completed the professional will provide you with a dated installation invoice detailing the model(s) and applicable serial number(s) of the equipment. we strongly recommend you keep that in a safe place for future referencing and if possible scan the document to keep a duplicate as a digital copy. some manufacturers also require registration with them of the product(s) installed within the first 30-60 days from installation / initial start-up to validate and receive the product(s) full warranty coverage. restrictions due apply, see manufacturers documentation shipped along with the product(s) or refer to applicable manufacturer's website for an up-to-date warranty terms. we reserve the right to reject any warranty claim for a replacement part(s) and/or repairs if all or any of the required documentation is not provided at the time of filing a claim. how do i validate my warranty on products that do not require professional installation? some manufactures only require you to keep the original purchase invoice and others require registration with them of the product(s) purchased within the first 30-60 days of receiving the product(s) to validate the full warranty coverage. restrictions due apply, see manufacturers documentation shipped along with the product(s) or refer to applicable manufacturer's website for an up-to-date warranty terms. my product failed during the first 30 days of purchase, what do i do? should your product(s) cease to function, we strongly recommend contacting either the installing professional (if applicable) or contact the manufacturer for troubleshooting. in most cases, issues can be resolved without replacing any part(s). if a product(s) should fail within the first thirty days of purchase due to a part(s) failure, fill out a warranty form detailing the part(s) needed for replacement. refer to applicable manufacturer's website for an up-to-date parts manual. remember to include the professional’s installation invoice including the diagnostic invoices (when applicable) detailing how and which part(s) failed. the information is forwarded to and required by the manufacturer for authorization on your warranty claim. some manufactures do require the entire product(s) be shipped to them for repair, if this is applicable to you, you will be notified when you submit your warranty claim. hvacstores will arrange the shipping to and from your home (at no cost to you) and will reship those refurbished product(s) via the same delivery method selected in the checkout process on the original order. hvacstores is not liable for any installation/reinstallation costs and/or miscellaneous costs and/or expenses incurred within the first 30 days of purchase, nor will it provide reimbursements or compensation of any kind to any customer for a malfunction of any part(s) for any product(s) sold on our site. my product failed after the first 30 days of purchase, what do i do? should your product(s) cease to function, we strongly recommend contacting either the installing professional (if applicable) or contact the manufacturer for troubleshooting. in most cases, issues can be resolved without replacing any part(s). if a product should fail after the first thirty days of purchase due to part(s) failure, fill out a warranty form detailing the part(s) needed for replacement. refer to applicable manufacturer's website for an up-to-date parts manual. remember to include the professional’s installation invoice including the diagnostic invoices (when applicable) detailing how and which part(s) failed. the information is forwarded to and required by the manufacturer for authorization on your warranty claim. some manufactures do require the entire product(s) be shipped to them for repairs, if this is applicable to you, you will be notified when you submit your warranty claim. after 30 days you are responsible for any applicable shipping fees for obtaining any replacement and/or refurbished part(s). refer to applicable manufacturer's website for an up-to-date parts manual. hvacstores is not liable for any installation/reinstallation and/or miscellaneous costs and/or expenses incurred after the first 30 days of purchase, nor will it provide reimbursements or compensation of any kind to any customer for a malfunction of any part(s) for any product(s) sold on our site. my home was struck by an act of god and my product(s) were damaged in the process, what do i do? the manufacturer’s warranty normally holds no provisions for supplying replacement part(s) for products that were damaged due to an act of nature. please see manufacturers documentation shipped along with the product(s) or refer to applicable manufacturer's website for an up-to-date warranty term coverages on acts of god. is the warranty of the product(s) transferrable? normally the warranty only covers the original owner of the residence as of the installation date and his or her spouse (“owner”). some states and provinces do not allow limitation of warranty coverage to a new owner, so the above limitation may not apply to you. we recommend you review the manufacturers documentation shipped along with the product(s) or refer to applicable manufacturer's website for an up-to-date warranty terms. does hvacstores provide labor warranties? no, hvacstores does not directly provide any labor warranties or compensation of any kind for any costs incurred by the consumer due to malfunction of any part(s) for any products sold on our site. in most cases, the installing professional may be able to provide additional purchasable labor warranties. please inquire with them on pricing and availability. if any product purchased from hvacstores should result in failure upon installation or not operate after installation, we are only responsible for supplying the part(s) warranted by the manufacturer. hvacstores does not provide any warranty above and beyond the manufacturer's warranty as to parts. i had a leak in my unit and all the refrigerant leaked out is that covered under warranty? no, under no circumstances will any refrigerant (freon) ((example: r22 or r410a)) be covered or reimbursed if refrigerant needs to be re-added to the system; whether it is missing from the unit when it arrives to the customer's location or after a part(s) is/are replaced. does the warranty claim cover non-functional part(s)? no, non-functional part(s) (such as a cosmetic panel) are not covered under the warranty policy. should you receive a product(s) that have damages, you must report those damages within the first 48 hours from receiving the products (excluding holidays and/or weekends). for additional information on our shipping policy click here. if i do the warranty with a local professional will hvacstores cover any costs associated with a local warranty claim? since we only working with the most reputable, trusted manufacturers in the heating, ventilation and air conditioning industry, in most cases you have the option of processing warranty claims with local professionals. we understand that filing warranties locally can speed up the process to have your product(s) up and running faster however, should you elect to take this avenue, hvacstores cannot provide a warranty claim for replacement part(s) and/or repairs. it is either your local distributor or hvacstores filing a warranty claim for part(s) at any given time not both at the same time for the same part(s). in some occasions the local distributor may charge fees for processing and handling of your warranty claims since they did not sell the equipment directly. under no circumstances will hvacstores reimburse any cost(s) incurred with performing any local warranty claims. how long does it take once my warranty claim is submitted for a warranty agent to contact me? our normal response time via email or phone is within 1-3 business days (excluding holidays or weekends). to assure the fastest processing possible we ask that you provide more than two contact phone numbers and frequently check your email for updates. total processing time of a warranty claim is determined by a few factors such as manufacturer approval codes for replacement part(s) and/or repair, warranty part(s) availability and customer’s speed of answering our request(s) in regards to providing additional information if required. are the replacement warranty part(s) refurbished? in most cases the replacement part(s) are brand new, however there are some manufacturers do provide refurbished warranty replacement part(s). if this is applicable to you, you will be notified when you submit your warranty claim. the manufacturer does run extensive testing on the refurbished product(s) to ensure its stability and full functionality. what does it mean, to have my product “repaired”? in some cases, the manufacturer will request the product(s) to be shipping to them for repairs. they diagnose the issue that occurred at time of failure and repair/replace the part(s) required to get the product(s) operational again. the manufacturer does run extensive testing on the repaired product(s) to ensure its stability and full functionality. if the defect is covered by the manufacturer's warranty, the item will be repaired free of charge and returned to you. repairs can take up to 10 business days (excluding delivery time), but may take slightly longer depending on several factors such as part(s) availability, troubleshooting time and repair time. should a repair be required within the first 30 days from purchase then shipping cost(s) will be covered by hvacstores via the traceable ground services only. if you are outside of the 30 days from purchase then you will incur applicable shipping to and from fees which are non-refundable. hvacstores is not liable for any costs and/or expenses incurred, nor will it provide reimbursements or compensation of any kind to any customer for a product(s) repair, uninstallation and reinstallation. what if my issue(s) are not covered by the warranty policy for items being repaired? if the problem isn't covered by the manufacturer's warranty, or if the warranty has been voided (e.g., the item has been accidentally damaged or not installed by a professional when required), you'll be contacted by the repairer with a repair estimate. you can decide whether to ask the repairer to proceed with the repair at an additional cost, or have the item returned to you. payment for such repairs, including any applicable delivery charges, will have to be made directly to the repairer. can a home owner install the products sold on our site? products that require installation sold on our site are intended by the manufacturers to be installed by professionals. they are available to you on this site as a means of saving a substantial amount of money. we know the advantage of self-installation, as well as any disadvantages, and it's your decision to purchase from us and install on your own. any person or entity that decides on self-installation is responsible for and accepts all risk of both installation and equipment selection. having these systems installed by a licensed professional is costly, but it has its advantages - professional installation, labor warranty (may be provided as an additional service by the professional), the validation of your manufacturer's warranty, and potentially someone to process warranty claims for you. most importantly we recommend a professional for safety reasons. we strongly recommend against any home owners installing (if applicable) their own product(s). most of the manufacturers of these product(s) sold on our site have no provisions to provide warranty replacement part(s) or technical support to the homeowner. they only work through dealers, such as your local heating and air conditioning professional. any and all applicable manufacturer's warranty will not be valid if the product(s) were not fully installed or if the product(s) were not inspected before and turned on by a professional during initial start-up. can the hvacstores staff troubleshoot my product(s)? our staff is extensively trained in all aspects of heating, ventilation and air conditioner home comfort products. they also go through rigorous on the job training to ensure our customers consistently receive the highest customer service in the industry. however, due to the technical nature of the product(s) we sell on our site our staff does not provide any troubleshooting or diagnosing for any product(s). a professional needs to troubleshoot, diagnose - and/or pinpoint exact problem(s) including providing model number(s) for the replacement part(s) before a warranty claim can be requested. my unit is not functioning and i want a new product(s) replacement, what do i do? although sometimes it may seem as a quicker resolution to replace the whole product(s) or component(s) it may not necessarily be the right solution. most cases just require a professional resetting the product(s) in order to get it functional again. before you file a warranty request we strongly recommend you contact a professional to diagnosis your product(s). sometimes manufacturers will have provisions for home owners to contact their technical support hotline for assistance in troubleshooting. we recommend you review the manufacturers documentation shipped along with the product(s) or refer to applicable manufacturer's website for an up-to-date troubleshooting hotline availability. should the manufacturer authorize a product(s) replacement, there will be applicable shipping cost(s) to and from our facility. hvacstores is not liable for any costs and/or expenses incurred, nor will it provide reimbursements or compensation of any kind to any customer for troubleshooting and/or product(s) replacement’s uninstallation and reinstallation. warranty processing options available to our customer to facilitate replacement part(s) for our customers, we offer two different warranty processing options. these processing options are only available to customers requesting warranty replacement part(s) only. should the manufacturer require the entire product(s) back for repairs, then the only method of warranty processing is standard (no exceptions can be made). what is the advanced warranty processing? do you need your product(s) up and running immediately? if so, then the advanced warranty processing option is the way to go. after the warranty claim is approved for replacement part(s) we will ship the replacement part(s) to you first, before receiving your defective in return. this way you can rest easy knowing that your product(s) will be up and running again as soon as possible. always take into account the following; possible lead time(s) of the replacement part(s) should they need to be ordered from the manufacturers and shipping transit times from our facilities; when requesting a warranty claim. does the advanced warranty processing option have any charges associated for the replacement of part(s)? yes, a valid credit card is required and will be charged to ensure that hvacstores receives the defective returned part(s) within 30 days from the date on which the replacement part(s) was shipped. should we not receive your defective part(s) within the allocated time period; it is considered a part purchase not a warranty claim and a refund will not be applicable. does the advanced warranty processing option have any charges for shipping costs? yes, shipping fees are applicable and non-refundable as they are not covered by our warranty policy unless the warranty request has been made within 30 days of purchase. if within the 30 days of purchase a return label will be sent via email for the defective part once we have shipped the replacement part. i want the advanced warranty processing option who do i tell? on the warranty claim form there is a warranty option section which you choose advanced warranty processing option. also, after the warranty claim is approved for a replacement part(s) you will be contacted either via an email or phone with instructions on how your request will be handled. please notify the warranty agent contacting you that you wish to select the advanced warranty processing option. can i send you my credit card information via email to expedite my request? we ask all of our customers for their safety not to email us any pertinent data concerning credit card information such as the credit card numbers, expiration dates, cvv numbers and other information of a sensitive nature. do i need to include anything with the return of my defective warranty part(s)? yes, when you ship your defective part(s) to or facilities there will be a few things that will be required. first, all defective part(s) being returned require the return merchandise authorization (rma) paperwork which can be printed from the email we send. if you are unable to locate this email please contact us before you ship your part(s). secondly, only ship the defective part(s). do not send any additional product(s) or part(s) such as plastic housing or brackets as these additional part(s) will not be returned to you. for products that required professional installation, include a copy of the original installation invoice (which reflects the model numbers, applicable serial numbers, and installation date, in a company letter head.) and a diagnostic report (which reflects the model numbers, serial numbers, part(s) needed for replacement with part number(s), and date the defective part(s) was found, in a company letter head). i have a product(s) that requires repair, can i select the advanced warranty processing option? no, unfortunately the advanced warranty processing option is for replacement of part(s) only. should your product(s) require repair, the manufacturer will need the product(s) shipped back to them as a whole. the only option available for processing your warranty is standard. what is the standard warranty processing? you just found out that your heating system needs a replacement part(s) in the middle of summer? if so, then the standard warranty processing option is the way to go. this option is for customers that are not in that much of a hurry but still want to get it resolved. after the warranty claim is approved for replacement part(s) you will need to ship the defective part(s) to us first, before we ship your replacement part(s). although this may take a bit longer, you only incur the cost of shipping to and from our facilities, should you fall outside of the 30 day purchase window. always take into account the following; possible lead time(s) of the replacement part(s) should they need to be ordered from the manufacturers and shipping transit times from our facilities; when requesting a warranty claim. does the standard warranty processing option have any charges associated for the replacement of part(s)? since you are shipping your defect part(s) first then there are no charges associated with the replacement part(s). however, shipping charges are applicable if the warranty claim is requested after 30 days from the original purchase date. i want the standard warranty processing option who do i tell? on the warranty claim form there is a warranty option section which you choose standard warranty processing option. also, after the warranty claim is approved for a replacement part(s) you will be contacted either via an email or phone with instructions on how your request will be handled. please notify the warranty agent contacting you that you wish to select the standard warranty processing option. can i send you my credit card information via email to expedite my standard warranty processing request? we ask all of our customers for their safety not to email us any pertinent data concerning credit card information such as the credit card numbers, expiration dates, cvv numbers and other information of a sensitive nature. do i need to include anything with the return of my defective warranty part(s)? yes, when you ship your defective part(s) to or facilities there will be a few things that will be required. first, all defective part(s) being returned require the return merchandise authorization (rma) paperwork which can be printed from the email we send. if you are unable to locate this email please contact us before you ship your part(s). secondly, only ship the defective part(s). do not send any additional product(s) or part(s) such as plastic housing or brackets as these additional part(s) will not be returned to you. for products that required professional installation, include a copy of the original installation invoice (which reflects the model numbers, applicable serial numbers, and installation date, in a company letter head.) and a diagnostic report (which reflects the model numbers, serial numbers, part(s) needed for replacement with part number(s), and date the defective part(s) was found, in a company letter head). i have a product(s) that requires repair, can i select the advanced warranty processing option? no, unfortunately the only warranty option for product(s) that require repair is the standard warranty processing option. store links acwholesalers.com goductless.com view our network customer care help security & privacy terms of use about us contact us my account careers helpful links find an installer become an installer shipping customer reviews returns warranty news site map stay connected don't miss a deal! sign up to receive special offers and promotions from the hvacstores network of sites. email address goodman split systems | goodman air conditioners | goodman heat pumps | goodman heat pump systems | goodman air conditioner systemsgoodman package units | goodman gas furnace systems | goodman gas furnaces | mitsubishi mr. slim ductless air conditionerslg ductless air conditioners | air cleaners | humidifiers | uv lamps | thermostats | refrigerant line sets | slimduct acwholesalers is your one-stop for home comfort products! ranging from air conditioners, ductless mini splits, heaters, room air conditioners, indoor air quality ventilation and tools, we’re sure you will find exactly what you need! we proudly handpicked every item in our inventory and carry thousands of products from a huge variety of the top brands such as goodman, mitsubishi, lg, friedrich. we pride ourselves in only working with the most reputable, trusted manufacturers in the heating, ventilation and air conditioning in the industry.when you order from acwholesalers, you're getting access to our large inventory, the convenience of fast, free shipping on all orders, and the comfort of knowing our dedicated team is here to make sure you’re completely satisfied. our friendly, efficient customer service is second-to-none, and we guarantee your satisfaction on every order you place through acwholesalers.we invite you to browse our large selection of air conditioners, ductless mini splits, heaters, room air conditioners, indoor air quality ventilation and tools, and other home comfort products, and please contact us if you have any questions. we look forward to making your home or business a more comfortable one! acwholesalers.com is part of hvacstores network of stores ©2005- acwholesalers.com inc. all rights reserved.