来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20161020040200/https://www.acwholesalers.com/company/content.jsp?cp=300011
================================================================================

ac wholesalers returns on home heating & air conditioning products wholesale direct to the publichome comfort heating & air conditioning products call our friendly staff toll free: 1.866.631.6389mon - fri 9:00am - 6:00pm est free shippingon select orders! 0 items $0.00 log in customer service air conditioner air conditioner components air conditioner condenser heat pump condenser air handler air conditioner evaporator coils gas furnaces commercial air condensers commercial air handler air conditioner accessories commercial air accessories about air conditioners ductless heaters ventilation air conditioner systems air conditioner split systems heat pump split systems gas electric split systems hybrid fuel split systems commercial air conditioner systems air conditioner accessories commercial air conditioner accessories about air conditioners ductless heaters ventilation package air conditioners air conditioner package units heat pump package units gas electric package units hybrid fuel package units commercial air package unit air conditioner accessories commercial air conditioner accessories about air conditioners ductless heaters ventilation ductless mini splits ductless mini split single zone ductless mini split multi zone commercial ductless mini split ductless mini split accessories about air conditioners ductless heaters ventilation room air window air conditioner wall air conditioner ptac air conditioner room air accessories about air conditioners ductless heaters ventilation swamp coolers air conditioner accessories air conditioner accessories ductless mini split accessories room air accessories about air conditioners ductless heaters ventilation ductless mini splits ductless mini split single zone ductless mini split wall mounted ductless mini split ceiling recessed cassette ducted mini split air conditioner floor mounted ductless mini split individual indoor & outdoor units ductless mini split accessories about air conditioners ductless heaters ventilation ductless mini split multi zone ductless mini split dual zone ductless mini split tri zone ductless mini split quad zone ductless mini split five zone multi indoor & outdoor units ductless mini split accessories about air conditioners ductless heaters ventilation commercial ductless mini split wall mounted ductless air ceiling recessed cassette ceiling suspended ductless mini ducted air conditioner ductless mini split accessories about air conditioners ductless heaters ventilation ductless mini split accessories ductless refrigerant copper line sets line set covers air conditioner remote control wind baffle condensate management electrical components equipment mounting filters port adaptors branch box ac sensor about air conditioners ductless heaters ventilation heaters heat pump condenser baseboard heater architectural electric commercial electric electric convection high altitude convection hydronic electric kick space heater about air conditioners ductless heaters ventilation ceiling heater commercial ceiling heaters radiant cove & bulb fan forced shop heaters radiant ceiling panel inline duct heaters about air conditioners ductless heaters ventilation furnaces infrared heaters electric infrared heaters metal infrared sheath heater portable infrared heater about air conditioners ductless heaters ventilation stoves and fireplaces fireplaces stoves fireplace tool sets fireplace screens firewood and firewood holders about air conditioners ductless heaters ventilation portable heater fan forced portable heaters portable radiant heaters portable ceramic heaters portable metal sheath infrared portable baseboard heaters about air conditioners ductless heaters ventilation tankless water heaters point of use water heaters whole house water heaters commercial tankless water heaters water heater accessories about air conditioners ductless heaters ventilation wall heaters register style fan forced low profile fan forced midsized fan forced fan forced wall heaters commercial fan forced about air conditioners ductless heaters ventilation outdoor heaters fire pits patio heaters outdoor accessories about air conditioners ductless heaters ventilation heater accessories room air window air conditioner wall air conditioner ptac air conditioner room air accessories indoor air quality air cleaners electronic & hepa media air cleaners heat & energy recovery ventilators replacement filters air purifier about air conditioners ductless heaters ventilation humidifier steam humidifiers water humidifiers humidifier replacement pads swamp coolers about air conditioners ductless heaters ventilation dehumidifier portable dehumidifiers whole house dehumidifiers industrial dehumidifiers about air conditioners ductless heaters ventilation germicidal uv lamps germicidal uv lamps uv replacement bulbs uv lamp accessories about air conditioners ductless heaters ventilation accessories ventilation bathroom exhaust fans air circulators inline fans ducting grilles and registers centrifugal duct fan parts and accessories tools search / help center returns policy print help center ordering product availability backorders warranty coverage payment methods sales tax information shipping & returns order status shipping rates shipping methods returns policy shipping policy why acwholesalers.com? low price guarantee find an installer best value customer reviews distribution centers security & privacy our company about us contact us terms of use hvac network of stores careers news returns policy acwholesalers.com is the nation's largest direct integrated marketer of heating, ventilation and air conditioning products. we stand behind what we sell and provide a superior level of customer support. acwholesalers promises to deliver high-quality products, in new excellent condition, to your residence. if, for any reason you're not completely satisfied with your purchase, simply requesting a return merchandise authorization for any unused / not installed merchandise. a 15% restocking fee will be charged on all returned merchandise, unless defective. returns for unused / not installed product(s) we can process returns for unused / not installed product(s) and refunds only for items purchased from acwholesalers.com. if attempting to return a product from one of our affiliates, you will need to visit their website and follow their returns policy guidelines. to set up a return for unused / not installed product(s) purchased, first make sure that your request is within 30 days or less of you receiving the product(s). secondly, request an rma (return merchandise authorization) either online (see return merchandise authorization section below) or calling us at toll free 1-866-631-6389. if you are returning a product because we made an error in your order, we will promptly send you the correct item at no additional cost, and we will schedule and pay for return shipping. please contact our customer service and advise of the incorrect item received. what is required: to receive a refund for the product(s) being returned, please make sure of the following: product(s) being return cannot have been installed. the product(s) must be free from damages, scratches and/or defects. product(s) must be in resalable condition. original manufacturer packaging for the product(s) are required to be returned such as manuals, accessories, packaging materials, etc. all free or gift product(s) including accessories must be included with your return. writing or labels added onto the original manufacturer packaging is strictly prohibited. all product(s) that are freight bound must be returned via freight carriers. this list includes the items that must be returned via any freight carrier of your choice. no exceptions will be allowed to this rule. gas furnaces / electric air handlers gas / electric package units ductless mini split systems air conditioner coils ( horizontal / vertical / case-uncased / slab ) heat pump or air conditioner condensers all product(s) must be returned with their assigned rma number. packages must be sent back by customer via a traceable source, such as fedex or ups. ship your product(s) back within 30 days from receiving your rma number because the rma number does carry an expiration date. what we recommend: here are some tips to make your return a simple one: make sure you are provided an rma number before returning your product(s). product(s) being returned without an rma number will be immediately refused by our warehouse. if you are unsure which method to use (ground, freight or otherwise) call us we can clear any doubts. reach us at toll free 1-866-631-6389 monday through friday 9am to 6pm. we recommend you to retain your tracking number for at least three months after shipping your product. once you receive your rma number package your product(s) and ship it back to us as soon as possible, rma numbers have a 30 day expiration date attached to them. what's not eligible for return: these types of product(s) are not currently available for return: clearance overstock scratch / dent free or gift product(s) as a standalone what are my responsibilities including charges incurred? here are some points that you need to remember when you’re returning items. you will be responsible for the cost of the shipping for the product(s) being returned. you are solely responsible for product(s) that are lost or damaged by the carrier during return shipping to hvacstores. if there is a product(s) that is lost or damaged by the carrier during transit you must contact the carrier to file a claim with them. all returns associated with our “free shipping” offer or that have original shipping charges applied will have the original shipping fee(s) that hvacstores incurred when shipping your product(s) deducted from the refund amount. a 15% restocking fee for each product(s) returned. ground shipments 1. pack up your purchased products(s) with all the manufacturer contents and product packaging. a. make sure to put your product(s) in another box as no markings can be added to the manufacturer boxes. 2. print out a copy of the returns merchandise authorization email which shows the rma number and place that along with your returns.a. having the rma paperwork included in the box will help expedite the inspection and refund process. 3. purchase traceable postage from a company such as fedex or ups and ship the product(s) to hvacstores return center. a. usps is not recommended because of the lack of details on tracking information. freight shipmentswhen you originally receive your order if it was shipped in a pallet via less than a truckload (ltl) then it is most likely that you will have to return it in a pallet via ltl. if you are unsure if the product(s) being returned require ground or freight services please feel free to contact us. 1. pack up your purchased products(s) with all the manufacturer contents and product packaging. a. make sure to put your product(s) in another box as no markings can be added to the manufacturer boxes. 2. print out a copy of the returns merchandise authorization email which shows the rma number and place that along with your returns. a. having the rma paperwork included in the box will help expedite the inspection and refund process. 3. select a freight company and arrange the pickup of your product(s) and shipment to hvacstores return center. a. we recommend to keep the bill of lading documentation for at least 90 days. what happens after hvacstores receives my return? once we receive the product(s) back to our facilities we inspect them to assure all guidelines were met as described above. this process normally takes 1-2 business days for review. for approved product(s): we will submit the credit for the product(s) within 2-3 business days of approval. depending on the payment method some credit(s) can take as long as 10 business days to be refunded to your original payment method. for denied product(s): the product(s) you are attempting to return failed to meet our return guidelines. we will notify you of such situation and advise that the product(s) will be at our dock awaiting your request for a pick up. unfortunately hvacstores will not issue a refund of any value nor will we ship the product(s) back to you. you will need to setup a pickup for the product(s) and shipping charges associated will not be reimbursed. should we be unable to reach you after 10 business day(s) from the failed inspection date you may incur storage charges. return merchandise authorization (rma) to file a return, simply follow the 9 easy steps below to create your returns request online! 1. click log in  (located above and adjacent to our toll free number.) 2. once on the sign in page, under "retuning customer" enter your information (i.e. email and password). 3. on the side menu click "returns". 4. once selected the "request a return" page is visible. 5. choose an order number containing the item / items you would like to return. 6. check off any item / items that you would like to return and click the "return selected items" button. 7. a new page will load with the item / items you have selected to return. (please review) 8. select a reason for return off the drop down below and add any additional comments if needed. 9. then click the "submit return request" button once finished.back to top store links acwholesalers.com goductless.com view our network customer care help security & privacy terms of use about us contact us my account careers helpful links find an installer become an installer shipping customer reviews returns warranty news site map stay connected don't miss a deal! sign up to receive special offers and promotions from the hvacstores network of sites. email address goodman split systems | goodman air conditioners | goodman heat pumps | goodman heat pump systems | goodman air conditioner systemsgoodman package units | goodman gas furnace systems | goodman gas furnaces | mitsubishi mr. slim ductless air conditionerslg ductless air conditioners | air cleaners | humidifiers | uv lamps | thermostats | refrigerant line sets | slimduct acwholesalers is your one-stop for home comfort products! ranging from air conditioners, ductless mini splits, heaters, room air conditioners, indoor air quality ventilation and tools, we’re sure you will find exactly what you need! we proudly handpicked every item in our inventory and carry thousands of products from a huge variety of the top brands such as goodman, mitsubishi, lg, friedrich. we pride ourselves in only working with the most reputable, trusted manufacturers in the heating, ventilation and air conditioning in the industry.when you order from acwholesalers, you're getting access to our large inventory, the convenience of fast, free shipping on all orders, and the comfort of knowing our dedicated team is here to make sure you’re completely satisfied. our friendly, efficient customer service is second-to-none, and we guarantee your satisfaction on every order you place through acwholesalers.we invite you to browse our large selection of air conditioners, ductless mini splits, heaters, room air conditioners, indoor air quality ventilation and tools, and other home comfort products, and please contact us if you have any questions. we look forward to making your home or business a more comfortable one! acwholesalers.com is part of hvacstores network of stores ©2005- acwholesalers.com inc. all rights reserved.