来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20161020040200/https://www.acwholesalers.com/company/content.jsp?cp=300012
================================================================================

ac wholesalers ships nationwide air conditioners in a timely manner wholesale direct to the publichome comfort heating & air conditioning products call our friendly staff toll free: 1.866.631.6389mon - fri 9:00am - 6:00pm est free shippingon select orders! 0 items $0.00 log in customer service air conditioner air conditioner components air conditioner condenser heat pump condenser air handler air conditioner evaporator coils gas furnaces commercial air condensers commercial air handler air conditioner accessories commercial air accessories about air conditioners ductless heaters ventilation air conditioner systems air conditioner split systems heat pump split systems gas electric split systems hybrid fuel split systems commercial air conditioner systems air conditioner accessories commercial air conditioner accessories about air conditioners ductless heaters ventilation package air conditioners air conditioner package units heat pump package units gas electric package units hybrid fuel package units commercial air package unit air conditioner accessories commercial air conditioner accessories about air conditioners ductless heaters ventilation ductless mini splits ductless mini split single zone ductless mini split multi zone commercial ductless mini split ductless mini split accessories about air conditioners ductless heaters ventilation room air window air conditioner wall air conditioner ptac air conditioner room air accessories about air conditioners ductless heaters ventilation swamp coolers air conditioner accessories air conditioner accessories ductless mini split accessories room air accessories about air conditioners ductless heaters ventilation ductless mini splits ductless mini split single zone ductless mini split wall mounted ductless mini split ceiling recessed cassette ducted mini split air conditioner floor mounted ductless mini split individual indoor & outdoor units ductless mini split accessories about air conditioners ductless heaters ventilation ductless mini split multi zone ductless mini split dual zone ductless mini split tri zone ductless mini split quad zone ductless mini split five zone multi indoor & outdoor units ductless mini split accessories about air conditioners ductless heaters ventilation commercial ductless mini split wall mounted ductless air ceiling recessed cassette ceiling suspended ductless mini ducted air conditioner ductless mini split accessories about air conditioners ductless heaters ventilation ductless mini split accessories ductless refrigerant copper line sets line set covers air conditioner remote control wind baffle condensate management electrical components equipment mounting filters port adaptors branch box ac sensor about air conditioners ductless heaters ventilation heaters heat pump condenser baseboard heater architectural electric commercial electric electric convection high altitude convection hydronic electric kick space heater about air conditioners ductless heaters ventilation ceiling heater commercial ceiling heaters radiant cove & bulb fan forced shop heaters radiant ceiling panel inline duct heaters about air conditioners ductless heaters ventilation furnaces infrared heaters electric infrared heaters metal infrared sheath heater portable infrared heater about air conditioners ductless heaters ventilation stoves and fireplaces fireplaces stoves fireplace tool sets fireplace screens firewood and firewood holders about air conditioners ductless heaters ventilation portable heater fan forced portable heaters portable radiant heaters portable ceramic heaters portable metal sheath infrared portable baseboard heaters about air conditioners ductless heaters ventilation tankless water heaters point of use water heaters whole house water heaters commercial tankless water heaters water heater accessories about air conditioners ductless heaters ventilation wall heaters register style fan forced low profile fan forced midsized fan forced fan forced wall heaters commercial fan forced about air conditioners ductless heaters ventilation outdoor heaters fire pits patio heaters outdoor accessories about air conditioners ductless heaters ventilation heater accessories room air window air conditioner wall air conditioner ptac air conditioner room air accessories indoor air quality air cleaners electronic & hepa media air cleaners heat & energy recovery ventilators replacement filters air purifier about air conditioners ductless heaters ventilation humidifier steam humidifiers water humidifiers humidifier replacement pads swamp coolers about air conditioners ductless heaters ventilation dehumidifier portable dehumidifiers whole house dehumidifiers industrial dehumidifiers about air conditioners ductless heaters ventilation germicidal uv lamps germicidal uv lamps uv replacement bulbs uv lamp accessories about air conditioners ductless heaters ventilation accessories ventilation bathroom exhaust fans air circulators inline fans ducting grilles and registers centrifugal duct fan parts and accessories tools search / help center shipping policy print help center ordering product availability backorders warranty coverage payment methods sales tax information shipping & returns order status shipping rates shipping methods returns policy shipping policy why acwholesalers.com? low price guarantee find an installer best value customer reviews distribution centers security & privacy our company about us contact us terms of use hvac network of stores careers news shipping policy we are proud to offer free shipping on thousands of qualified products throughout our site to your home or place of business within the 48 contiguous states! hvacstores uses the most efficient methods of order preparation and shipping available to deliver your products fast and hassle free. how is my product shipped? feel free to view our different shipping methods here. since we ship in a variety of ways the product(s) shipping method will be displayed in the cart or at checkout before completing an order. becoming familiar with our shipping methods will facilitate your understanding of what requirements your order may have upon delivery. i placed my order so when does my package ship? before you order we always recommend to check the product(s) availability text (located in the product detail page to the left of the add-to-cart button) to ensure proper lead times, if and when applicable. lead times may affect your orders fulfillment and shipment time. items ordered on weekends (saturday or sunday) start to process and ship from our facility as early as the following business day. we process and ship orders monday through friday (excluding holidays) and orders placed by 12 p.m. est are normally shipped from our facility within 1 to 2 business days regardless of shipping method selected at checkout. orders in a pending / hold status may take longer to ship depending on additional documentation that maybe required. shipping transit times start once your order leaves our warehouse. transit times are normally determined by a few factors such as your location within the contiguous 48 states, the products availability, weather conditions, affiliate delivery services and shipping company’s delivery availability. due to those factors, transit times are not guaranteed and may change without notice. we strongly recommend against scheduling your professional installation of your product(s) until you have your product(s) in hand. what if my product(s) are/is on backorders? at hvacstores we use state-of-the-art real time inventory system which checks our warehouse stock and automatically updates our site on a daily basis. we are very confident in the accuracy of our system, but because technology is not perfect some items may be placed on backorder and a few extra days may be required for the order to ship. equipment arrival once your product has shipped, you can track the product using the tracking number(s) provided to you in the shipped confirmation email. sometimes tracking numbers may take 24-48 hours to propagate in the carrier’s website so continue to check back with them periodically. please be aware that there are different requirements for freight bound (ltl) order(s) as opposed to small parcel order(s). we encourage you to ask questions should you require any clarifications on or before the time of delivery. what is considered small parcel? small parcel is normally classified as product(s) that are less than 100 lbs. in shipping weight. these product(s) ship in various methods (make that linkable). are there any delivery services available for small parcel? we currently do not offer services such as inside delivery, cash on delivery (cod) or delivery address change request for small parcel. is there anything i should do immediately after i receive my small parcel order? yes, open all the box(es) to ensure you received exactly what you ordered. compare the packing list provided to the product(s) at hand. should there be any discrepancies contact us immediately and we will address your concerns immediately. i’m missing product(s) in my small parcel order, what do i do? here is what you need to do if your package shows as delivered but you can't find it. within 48 hours of expected delivery: 1.	verify the shipping address is correct 2.	look around for a notice of attempted delivery by the carrier 3.	look around the delivery location for your package, sometimes the carrier will try to place your package in an area that is covered from the elements. i have damaged product(s) in my small parcel order what do i do? after you received your product(s) you unbox it and noticed something might be damaged. its ok we have got you covered, but it’s only for a limited time so hurry! all damages must be reported with the first 48 hours from your shipment being delivered. by failing to report the damages within the said time frame we may not be able to reship a product(s) for you. remember, some product(s) may seem as if they are damaged upon arrival, however certain product(s) functionality requires the manufacturers to have some out of the box engineering and designs. if you need help determining if the product is damaged or if the product did indeed suffer damages during shipment, do the following within the 48hr window: 1.	snap pictures of at least 4 sides of your unboxed product(s) detailing the damages. selfies with your product(s) welcome! 2.	email the pictures to our shipping department at shipping@hvacstores.com 1.	once we receive your information, we will respond back within 1 business day either via email or over the phone. normally, our shipping department sends return instructions for the product(s) that have concealed damages. once the small parcel carrier confirms that they have the product(s) in their possession we will reship those replacement product(s) via the same delivery method selected in the checkout process on the original order. you will not incur any shipping charges to reship or pick up the concealed damage product(s). we reserve the right to reject any claim for a concealed damaged items if not reported within the 48 hour period. the 48 hour time frame to report damages or missing items for my small parcel order has passed what happens now? you will need to contact the small parcel company to report the damages or missing product(s) to the claims department and provide them you’re tracking number to file a claim for damages or missing product(s). the outcome is between you (the customer) and small parcel carrier. what is freight bound equipment? orders that travel via freight services (ltl) are normally products that are heavier than 100 lbs. and require an appointment for delivery. the freight carrier will contact you to arrange a delivery appointment normally 1 business day (excluding holidays) before the delivery. due to adverse weather conditions, distance of delivery address from delivering terminal and additional factors a few additional days may be required. the freight company will discuss the available dates for delivery with you. what is curbside delivery? all freight bound equipment is delivered curbside. curbside is defined as where the government street is located in front of your property, regardless of the size of the driveway you may have. it is not the responsibility of the truck driver to unload your shipment. it will be entirely your responsibility to remove the item off of the truck and bring it inside. liftgate is a highly recommended service to select when checking out or ordering with our sales representatives. we strongly recommend you make prior arrangements to have one or more people or have power equipment such as a forklift, to help you lower and move the package(s) from the truck to its final destination. if the arrangements are not made prior the package(s) will arrive at your home and the freight carrier may not be able to complete the delivery. because of this, additional charges may be incurred which are not reimbursed by hvacstores and will be billed directly to you by the freight company. what is liftgate service? lift gate is a hydraulic platform located in the rear of the ltl (less than a truck load) trucks that carry freight bound equipment from truck height to the ground (curbside). this service can be added for a nominal fee of $35.00 per shipment, however it is subject to availability within your local freight ltl delivering terminal. what additional services are available at the time of my freight bound equipment delivery? unfortunately hvacstores does not currently offer any additional services. should you require special services you will need to contact your freight bound equipment delivering terminal for arrangements. any additional special delivery charges incurred are not covered nor reimbursed by hvacstores and will be billed to you by the freight company directly. is there anything i should do immediately after i receive my freight bound order? yes, open all the box(es) to ensure you received exactly what you ordered. compare the packing list provided to the product(s) at hand. should there be any discrepancies contact us immediately and we will address your concerns immediately. i’m missing product(s) in my freight bound order what do i do? since all of our shipments are shrink wrapped for safety, check to see if the shrink wrap has been torn or is completely missing. next, make sure that all box(es) are fully searched, sometimes we pack certain products together in the same box. count the total number of pieces and pallets against what is listed on the delivery receipt to make sure they match. once you have identified the missing product(s) make the freight bound driver aware. the driver will add notations that state “short delivery” on the delivery receipt, make sure those notations also include the exact model number(s) and applicable serial number(s) of the product(s) that are missing. contact us at toll free 1-866-631-6389 within 24 hours to notify us of the missing product(s). we will work directly and diligently with the carrier to locate the missing items. please allow up to 7 business days for the freight carrier to thoroughly conduct their investigation through the destination terminals. normally, they are able to find the missing product(s) within the first 1-2 business days then arrange for delivery of them. if the freight carrier is not able to locate the missing product(s), we will ship those replacement product(s) via the same delivery method selected in the checkout process on the original order. you will not incur any shipping charges to reship product(s) that were originally marked short on the freight bound shipments delivery receipt. we reserve the right to reject any claim for a missing items if not reported within the 24 hour period. the freight bound driver left and then i found damages what do i do? it was raining, snowing or you were in a hurry the day the freight bound driver was there delivering your order and you didn’t notice the damages. its ok we have you covered, but it’s only for a limited time so hurry! if you have signed your delivery receipt clear, but later discover your equipment has concealed damages you have 48 hours to report the damages from the date it was delivered to you by the freight carrier. by failing to report the damages within the said time frame we may not be able to reship the product(s). do the following to ensure we take care of your request in a timely fashion: 1.	snap pictures of at least 4 sides of your unboxed product(s) detailing the damages. selfies with your product(s) welcome! 2.	email the pictures to our shipping department at shipping@hvacstores.com 3.	once we receive your information we will respond back within 1 business day either via email or over the phone. normally, our shipping department sends return instructions for the product(s) that have concealed damages. once the freight carrier confirms that they have the product(s) in their possession we will reship those replacement product(s) via the same delivery method selected in the checkout process on the original order. you will not incur any shipping charges to reship or pick up the concealed damage product(s) we reserve the right to reject any claim for a concealed damaged items if not reported within the 48 hour period. the 48 hour time frame to report damages or missing items has passed what happens now? you will need to contact the freight ltl company terminal to report the damages to the claims department and provide them you’re tracking number to file a claim for damages or missing product(s). the outcome is between you (the customer) and freight ltl company. installing a product(s) with shipping damages the product was received damaged but i choose to install it and now it’s not working what do i do? when product(s) arrive to your home it is your sole responsibility to check the contents of the shipment for accuracy and to be free of physical damages. should a product(s) arrive damaged and, because of a necessity or a want you continue with the installation of the product(s) you forfeit the use of the shipping or returns policies. at that point they fall under our warranty policy (link here) which we will back 100% of all warranties as to functional parts which are offered by the manufacturer. i received my product in good condition free from damages however after i installed it’s now not working correctly can i report it damaged? product(s) that are installed are no longer applicable in the shipping or returns policies. products are considered defective at which point, and fall under our warranty policy (link here) which we will back 100% of all warranties as to functional parts which are offered by the manufacturer. store links acwholesalers.com goductless.com view our network customer care help security & privacy terms of use about us contact us my account careers helpful links find an installer become an installer shipping customer reviews returns warranty news site map stay connected don't miss a deal! sign up to receive special offers and promotions from the hvacstores network of sites. email address goodman split systems | goodman air conditioners | goodman heat pumps | goodman heat pump systems | goodman air conditioner systemsgoodman package units | goodman gas furnace systems | goodman gas furnaces | mitsubishi mr. slim ductless air conditionerslg ductless air conditioners | air cleaners | humidifiers | uv lamps | thermostats | refrigerant line sets | slimduct acwholesalers is your one-stop for home comfort products! ranging from air conditioners, ductless mini splits, heaters, room air conditioners, indoor air quality ventilation and tools, we’re sure you will find exactly what you need! we proudly handpicked every item in our inventory and carry thousands of products from a huge variety of the top brands such as goodman, mitsubishi, lg, friedrich. we pride ourselves in only working with the most reputable, trusted manufacturers in the heating, ventilation and air conditioning in the industry.when you order from acwholesalers, you're getting access to our large inventory, the convenience of fast, free shipping on all orders, and the comfort of knowing our dedicated team is here to make sure you’re completely satisfied. our friendly, efficient customer service is second-to-none, and we guarantee your satisfaction on every order you place through acwholesalers.we invite you to browse our large selection of air conditioners, ductless mini splits, heaters, room air conditioners, indoor air quality ventilation and tools, and other home comfort products, and please contact us if you have any questions. we look forward to making your home or business a more comfortable one! acwholesalers.com is part of hvacstores network of stores ©2005- acwholesalers.com inc. all rights reserved.