来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20131229051824/http://www.bungiestore.com/info/Privacy_Policy
================================================================================

privacy policy | bungie store bungie network: bungie.net | bungiestore.com | careers bungie store home apparel bags and backpacks accessories games soundtracks books collectibles xbox products clearance my account forgot your password? create a new account update address book update billing address update shipping address update payment method order status track packages order history cancel orders view cart check out home | view cart | my account | order status searchshop by categorye3 collectiondestiny collectionbungie collectionapparelbags and backpacksaccessoriessoundtracksbookscollectiblesxbox productsgamesnewest itemscity t-shirt: e3 collection - men'stitan t-shirt: e3 collection - men'svanguard t-shirt: e3 collection - men'sfallen t-shirt: e3 collection - women'sprivacy policy we have teamed with amazon services to make buying quick and easy. selections from our store and from amazon.com are available through our site, which is powered by amazon services. when you order from our web site, you will need to use your existing amazon.com account or create a new amazon.com account. your account information will be collected and used by amazon.com and subject to the amazon.com privacy notice. in addition, amazon.com will provide us with your account information, which will be subject to our privacy policy as set forth below. the bungie web sites consisting of bungie.com, bungie.net, "7th column" and the bungie store are operated by the bungie inc. or its suppliers (the “bungie web sites”). this privacy statement applies to the bungie web site you are currently viewing and describes what information is collected and used on this web site. by using the bungie web sites, you consent to the data practices described in this statement. collection of your personal information the use of the bungie web sites does not require you to disclose any personal information. however, the sites offer you the opportunity to register for an account, which permits you to use additional features offered on the bungie web sites, including bungie communities, forums and the bungie store. should you choose to register for an account you will be asked for personal information such as your name and e-mail address. you may also be asked for additional personal information should you choose to subscribe to newsletters or enter sweepstakes. bungie.net uses windows live™ id to provide sign-in services. to create an 			account at bungie.net, you must use your windows live id. if you do not have a windows 			live id, you will need to create one. to learn more about windows live id, and how 			it uses and helps protect your personal information, please see the 			windows live id home page, and read the posted privacy statement there. if you are a subscriber of the xbox live service, your gamertag, nicknames and statistics such as high scores may be displayed on bungie.net; and your online presence will be visible to those on your xbox live friends list. you will also have the opportunity to link your xbox live gamertag to your windows live id so that your experience can be personalized and so that you will have access to additional features. if you have already linked your xbox live gamertag and your windows live id on the xbox.com web site, bungie.net will have access to that linkage and you will not be required to do it again. otherwise, bungie.net will automatically redirect and sign you in to xbox.com in order for you to perform the linkage. once your gamertag and windows live id have been linked, this linking may also be shared with microsoft corporation and other 3rd party game sites in order for those sites to provide you with a personalized experience when you sign in. for details about what information is collected by microsoft’s xbox live service and how that information is used, please see the microsoft/xbox live privacy statement at http://privacy.microsoft.com/en-us/default.aspx. bungie may collect information about your visit, including the pages you view, the links you click and other actions taken within the site. we also collect certain standard information that your browser sends to every website you visit, such as your ip address, browser type and language, access times and referring web site addresses. use of your personal information bungie uses the personal information it collects on the bungie sites to operate the sites and deliver the services you have requested. for example, when you subscribe to a bungie.net newsletter, we use your e-mail address to send you the newsletter(s) you have requested. if you choose to enter your name and postal address, we will use that information for future mailings from bungie about bungie news and promotions. we use geographical location to determine what localized information bungie should provide customers. when you choose to enter a sweepstakes, we use your contact information in order to be able to contact you in the event you are a winner of the sweepstakes. we occasionally hire other companies to provide limited services on our behalf, such as sending newsletters, answering customer questions, fulfillment requests and performing statistical analysis of our services. we will only provide those companies the information they need to deliver the service, and they are prohibited from using that information for any other purpose. we may provide your personal information to microsoft corporation in connection with our administration of the bungie web sites and/or bungie or microsoft games, including without limitation, for the purpose of enforcing the bungie terms of use terms or assisting microsoft in enforcing its xbox live terms of use. bungie may disclose your personal information, without notice if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to: (a) conform to the edicts of the law or comply with legal process served on bungie, or its suppliers and publishers; (b) protect and defend the rights or property of bungie or its suppliers and publishers; and, (c) protect the personal safety of bungie employees or agents, users of bungie products or services, or members of the public, and (d) protect the integrity of the online community on the bungie web site and games. personal information that you provide on bungie.net may be stored and processed in the united states or any other country in which bungie or its affiliates, subsidiaries, suppliers, publishers or agents maintain facilities. by using the bungie web sites, you consent to any such transfer of information outside of your country. bungie keeps track of the pages on this web site that our customers visit, in order to determine which areas of the site are the most popular. this data is used to deliver customized content and advertising within bungie to customers whose behavior indicates that they are interested in a particular subject area. control of your personal information you may unsubscribe to bungie newsletters by following the instructions in the newsletter you receive. if your e-mail address has changed and you would like to continue to receive bungie newsletters, you will need to sign-up again for the newsletter on this web site with your new e-mail address. bungie.net may send out periodic e-mails informing you of technical service issues, product surveys, new feature announcements and other news about bungie and other related products and services. these e-mails are considered essential to the provision of the service you have requested. you will not be able to choose to unsubscribe to these mailings, as they are considered a part of the service you have chosen. please be aware that this privacy statement and the choices you make on this site 			may not apply to personal information you may have provided to microsoft in the 			context of other, separately operated, microsoft products or services. security of your personal information bungie is committed to protecting the security of your personal information. we use a variety of security technologies and procedures to help protect your personal information from unauthorized access, use, or disclosure. for example, we store the personal information you provide on computer servers with limited access that are located in controlled facilities. if you choose to create a profile on a bungie web site you will be required to select a password. this password can be changed once you have logged into the service. it is your responsibility to keep your password confidential. do not share this information with anyone. if you are sharing a computer with anyone you should always choose to log out before leaving the bungie web site to protect access to your information from subsequent users. use of cookies bungie uses cookies to help you personalize your online experience. a cookie is a text file that is placed on your hard disk by a web page server. cookies cannot be used to run programs or deliver viruses to your computer. cookies are uniquely assigned to you, and can only be read by a web server in the domain that issued the cookie to you. one of the primary purposes of cookies is to provide a convenience feature to save you time. the purpose of a cookie is to tell the web server that you have returned to a specific page, so that when you visit the site again, the experience will be personalized. you have the ability to accept or decline cookies. most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. if you choose to set your computer to accept cookies from the bungie web sites, you may also to choose to be logged into the site automatically. you may also select a country of your choice as your default home page. this selection is stored in a cookie. if you choose to decline cookies, you may not be able to fully experience the interactive features of the bungie web sites or the other web sites you visit. use of web beacons bungie web site pages may contain electronic images known as web beacons - sometimes called single-pixel gifs - that allow bungie to count users who have visited those pages and for other related bungie web site statistics - (e.g., determine the popularity of certain content and help bungie to provide the content users want, verify system integrity, etc.). web beacons are not used to access your personal information on bungie's web sites and services; they are a technique bungie utilizes to compile aggregated statistics about usage of the bungie web sites. communities and forums offered on this web site please keep in mind that if you directly disclose personally identifiable information or personally sensitive data through bungie communities, forums, messages or other public online forums, this information may be collected and used by others. we recommend you be cautious in giving out personal information to others in these public online forums. windows live™ id this web site uses windows live id to provide sign-in and registration services. in order to sign in to this site with windows live id, you will be asked to type your e-mail address and a password. this same windows live id sign-in allows you to access many other windows live id participating sites and services. if you create a windows live id at this site, you are simultaneously registering with the bungie web sites and creating a new windows live id. all of the registration information you provide will be stored the bungie web sites, and some or all of that information will also be stored by windows live id in your windows live id profile with the microsoft corporation. to learn more about windows live id, see the windows live id home page, and read the posted privacy statement there. changes to this statement this privacy statement applies only to the bungie web sites and not other companies or organizations to which we may provide links from this web site. bungie will occasionally update this privacy statement. when we do, we will also revise the "last updated" date at the top of the privacy statement. for material changes to this statement, bungie will notify you by placing prominent notice on the web site. we encourage you to periodically review this privacy statement to be informed of how bungie is protecting your information. contact information bungie welcomes your comments regarding this privacy statement. if at any time you believe that the bungie web sites have not adhered to this privacy statement, please notify us and we will use all commercially reasonable efforts to promptly determine and correct the problem. if you have questions regarding this statement or require additional information, 			please contact us. bungie privacy bungie, inc. 550 106th avenue ne suite 207 bellevue, wa 98004-5088 microsoft, windows live, and the windows live and flag logo are registered trademarks 			of microsoft corporation in the united states and/or other countries.about us contact usprivacy policy copyright © , bungie store. all rights reserved. about us contact us privacy policy copyright © bungie inc. all rights reserved.