来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20181230031502/https://www.touchofmodern.com/privacy
================================================================================

privacy policy - touch of modern toggle navigation join | about my account favorites recently viewed items order history customer support shipping addresses payment methods how we ship email preferences logout sales the iconic collection home kitchen audio browse brands categories holiday store watches home tech fashion other we have updated our privacy policy as of august 23rd, 2017 to reflect our updated practices regarding the use of your information by us and third parties to provide you with targeted advertising. please see the section below “what choices do i have?” for information on how you can opt-out of receiving advertisements tailored to your interests by our advertising partners online and on your mobile device. privacy policy touchofmodern, inc. d/b/a touch of modern (“we,” “us,” “our,” or “company”) knows that you care about how your personal information is used and shared, and we take your privacy seriously. please read the following to learn more about how we use your personal information. by visiting, accessing or using the touchofmodern.com website and domain name, and any other linked pages, features, content, or application services offered from time to time by touchofmodern in connection therewith (collectively, the “website”), or using any of our services, you acknowledge that you accept the practices and policies outlined in this privacy policy. what does this privacy policy cover? this privacy policy covers touchofmodern’s treatment of personally identifiable information (“personal information”) that touchofmodern gathers when you access the website and when you use touchofmodern’s services. this policy does not apply to the practices of companies that touchofmodern does not own or control (including any third-party products or services used for logging into the website or that are integrated with the website), or to individuals that touchofmodern does not employ or manage. information collected or received from you what personal information does touchofmodern collect? the information we gather from customers enables us to personalize and improve our services, and allows our users to set up a user account and profile that can be used to personalize their experience on the website. we collect the following types of information from our customers: personal information you provide to us: we receive and store any information you enter on our website or provide to us in any other way. the types of personal information collected in this fashion may include your name, email address, gender, date of birth, ip address, location, browser information, username, password, and any other information necessary for us to provide our services. you can choose not to provide us with certain information, but then you may not be able to take advantage of many of our special features. the personal information you provide is used for such purposes as answering questions, improving the content of the website, customizing the advertising and content you see, and communicating with you about touchofmodern’s products and services, including specials and new features. personal information collected automatically: we receive and store certain types of information whenever you interact with our website or use our services. touchofmodern automatically receives and records information on our server logs from your browser including your ip address, cookie information, browser information, operating system, timestamps, the pages you request, and the actions and path you take on the website. generally, our service automatically collects usage information, such as the numbers and frequency of visitors to our website and how they use its various components. touchofmodern only uses this data in aggregate form, that is, as a statistical measure, and not in a manner that would identify you personally. this type of aggregate data enables us to figure out how customers use parts of the website or services so that we can make the website appealing to as many customers as possible, and improve those services. as part of this use of information, we may provide aggregate information to our partners about how our customers, collectively, use our website or services. we share this type of statistical data so that our partners also understand how people use the website or services, so that they, too, may provide you with an optimal online experience. again, touchofmodern never discloses aggregate information to a partner in a manner that would identify you personally. information collected from e-mail communications: when you open an email from touchofmodern or one of our service providers on our behalf, we may receive a confirmation from you, or we or our partners may collect information from you through the use of cookies if your computer or device supports this type of functionality. see the section below titled “what about cookies?” for further information on how we and our partners use cookies. touchofmodern and our partners use this information to help us make our emails more interesting and helpful, to improve the website and our services and enhance your experience with interest based content and advertisements. when you receive e-mail communications from touchofmodern or from one of our partners [on our behalf], you can opt out of receiving further e-mails from us or that partner by clicking on the "unsubscribe" link in the footer of any of the emails. information sent by your mobile device: when you download or use a touch of modern app, we and our partners may collect certain information from your mobile device, like a mobile adverstising id (i.e. gaid or idfa), your ip address, user settings, information about your browser or operating system and the operating system of your device, as well as information about your use of our services and apps. what about cookies? cookies are alphanumeric identifiers that we transfer to your computer’s (or other device’s) persistent storage medium (e.g., hard drive) through your browser to enable our systems to recognize your browser and tell us how and when pages in our website are visited and by how many people. we use cookies to enhance visitors’ experiences, to learn more about their use of the website and to improve quality. we may also use technologies, such as our own cookies, to provide you with personalized interest-based advertising tailored to you. to opt out of our cookies used for this online advertising, click here. most browsers have an option for turning off the cookie feature, which will prevent your browser from accepting new cookies, as well as (depending on the sophistication of your browser software) allowing you to decide on acceptance of each new cookie in a variety of ways. we strongly recommend that you leave the cookies activated, however, because cookies enable you to take advantage of some of our website’s most attractive features. ads appearing on the website may be delivered to users by our advertising partners, who may set cookies. these cookies allow the ad server to recognize your computer or other device each time they send you an online advertisement to compile information about you or others who use your computer or device. this information allows ad networks to, among other things, deliver targeted advertisements that they believe will be of most interest to you. this privacy policy covers the use of cookies by touchofmodern and does not cover the use of cookies by any advertisers. we may use the services of third parties to collect and use information about your visits to our website and interactions with our e-mails and website through the use of technologies such as cookies to personalize advertisements for goods and services. information that we share with third parties will touchofmodern share any of the personal information it receives? personal information about our customers is an integral part of our business. we share your personal information only as described below. advertisers and third party ad tech companies: we use third party ad technology on our website, services, and e-mails to serve you interest based advertising. we allow advertisers to choose the demographic information of users who will see their advertisements and we may use any of the information we have collected from you (including, without limitation, information you may have decided not to show to other users) to select or allow the advertiser to select the appropriate audience for those advertisements. for example, we may allow an advertiser to target an ad to you based on your query history. we may also share information about you with our ad technology partners, such as a unique number generated from hashing your email address, and information on how you interact with our website and services, such as what you purchase and the amount you spend using our services. as stated above, our partners also may collect information directly from your device, such as your ip address, device id, and information about your browser or operating system. the information that our ad technology partners receive about you as a result of their relationship with us, enables these partners to serve you with interest based content and advertisements while you are on our website and using our services, or while you are browsing third party websites or services. for instance, they may link your purchase information, the identifier generated from your hashed email address, and mobile advertising id to deliver content that may be interesting to you. see the section below titled “what choices do i have to opt-out?” for information on how to opt-out from interest based advertising. affiliated businesses we do not control: we anticipate that we may become affiliated with a variety of businesses and work closely with them. in certain situations, these businesses may sell items to you through the website. in other situations, touchofmodern may provide services, or sell products jointly with affiliated businesses. you can easily recognize when an affiliated business is associated with your transaction, and we will share your personal information that is related to such transactions with that affiliated business. agents: we employ other companies and people to perform tasks on our behalf and need to share your information with them to provide products or services to you. unless we tell you differently, touchofmodern’s agents do not have any right to use personal information we share with them beyond what is necessary to assist us. you hereby consent to our sharing of personal information for the above purposes. user profiles: user profile information including users’ name, email address, and other information you enter (“user submissions”) may be displayed to other users to facilitate user interaction within the website. email addresses are used to add new user submissions to user profiles and to communicate through user submissions. users’ email addresses will not be directly revealed to other users by touchofmodern, except, when the user is “connected” to another user via a shared group membership, or an invitation, or if the user has chosen to include their email address in their user profile. communication in response to user submissions: as part of the website and services, you will receive from touchofmodern email and other communication relating to your user submissions. you acknowledge and agree that by posting such user submissions, touchofmodern may send you email and other communication that it determines in its sole discretion relate to your user submissions. business transfers: in some cases, we may choose to buy or sell assets. in these types of transactions, customer information is typically one of the business assets that are transferred. moreover, if touchofmodern, or substantially all of its assets were acquired, or in the unlikely event that touchofmodern goes out of business or enters bankruptcy, customer information would be one of the assets that is transferred or acquired by a third party. you acknowledge that such transfers may occur, and that any acquirer of touchofmodern or its assets may continue to use your personal information as set forth in this policy. protection of touchofmodern and others: we may release personal information when we believe in good faith that release is necessary to comply with the law; enforce or apply our conditions of use and other agreements; or protect the rights, property, or safety of touchofmodern, our employees, our users, or others. this includes exchanging information with other companies and organizations for fraud protection and credit risk reduction. with your consent: except as set forth above, you will be notified when your personal information may be shared with third parties, and will be able to prevent the sharing of this information. is my personal information secure? your touchofmodern account personal information is protected by a password for your privacy and security. you need to ensure that there is no unauthorized access to your account and personal information by selecting and protecting your password appropriately and limiting access to your computer (or other device) and browser by signing off after you have finished accessing your account. touchofmodern endeavors to protect user information to ensure that user account information is kept private, however, touchofmodern cannot guarantee the security of user account information. unauthorized entry or use, hardware or software failure, and other factors, may compromise the security of user information at any time. the website contains links to other sites. touchofmodern is not responsible for the privacy policies and/or practices on other sites. when linking to another site you should read the privacy policy stated on that site. this privacy policy only governs information collected on the website. your choices what personal information can i access or modify? touchofmodern allows you to access the following information about you for the purpose of viewing, and in certain situations, updating or deleting that information. this list will change as the website changes. real name account and user profile information user e-mail address username and password user preferences you are able to add or update certain information on pages, such as those listed in the “what personal information can i access” section above. when you update information, however, we often maintain a copy of the unrevised information in our records what choices do i have to opt-out? you may request deletion of your touchofmodern account by sending an e-mail to [email protected]. please note that some information may remain in our records after deletion of your account. if you do not wish to receive email or other mail from us, please indicate this by changing your account settings or by unsubscribing to our mailing list. please note that if you do not want to receive legal notices from us, such as this privacy policy, those legal notices will still govern your use of the website, and you are responsible for reviewing such legal notices for changes. to opt-out of receiving online display advertisements tailored to your interests by our third party partners and of third party cookies, visit the network advertising initiative at www.networkadvertising.org/choices and digital advertising alliance at http://www.aboutads.info/choices. to opt-out of the use of your mobile device id for targeted advertising, please see http://www.aboutads.info/appchoices. your california privacy rights california residents may request and obtain from us, once a year, free of charge, a list of third parties, if any, to which we disclosed their personal information for direct marketing purposes during the preceding calendar year and the categories of personal information shared with those third parties. if you are a california resident and wish to obtain that information, please submit your request by sending us an email at [email protected] with “california privacy rights” in the subject line or by writing to us at touchofmodern, inc., d/b/a touch of modern, 1025 sansome st, san francisco, california 94111 and 415-230-0750. changes to this privacy policy touchofmodern may amend this privacy policy from time to time. use of information we collect now is subject to the privacy policy in effect at the time such information is used. if we make changes in the way we use personal information, we will notify you by posting an announcement on our website or sending you an email. users are bound by any changes to the privacy policy when he or she uses the website after such changes have been first posted. questions or concerns if you have any questions or concerns regarding privacy on our website, please send us a detailed message at [email protected] or write to us at touchofmodern, inc., d/b/a touch of modern, 1025 sansome st, san francisco, california 94111 . we will make every effort to resolve your concerns. effective date: august 23rd, 2017 "perhaps the sleekest of them all" "products that are hard to find in mainstream retail" "the fastest growing, irreverent san francisco e-commerce site" "a story of distinction and design" download our app about terms privacy partner faq careers affiliates press contact © 2012 - 2018 touch of modern, touchofmodern inc.