来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20151227030954/http://www.crestline.com:80/privacy-and-security.aspx
================================================================================

privacy policy | crestline.com welcome guestsign inmy accountcatalog requestemail signuplive chatlive chat| 1-866-488-4975 cart (0)price ($)  allspecify a price range:please enter from price lesser than to price!from($):to($):applyapparelauto, health & homebags & totescollectionsdrinkwarefun & outdoorsofficetrade shows & eventswritingrush serviceaccessoriesactivewearcaps & hatsdress shirts & sweatersgolf apparel & hatsouterwearpolospants & shortssweatshirts & hoodiesteesworkwearyouthauto accessoriesawareness itemsbanksclipsfirst aidflashlightshand sanitizershealth & safetyhousewareskeychainspersonal carepet productsphoto frames & albumssun safetytoolstravelaccessoriesbackpacksbriefcases & messenger bagsdrawstring backpackslaptop bagsluggage & bag tagslunch bags & coolerspaper bagsplastic bagsreusable grocery tote bagssports & duffel bagstotescloseoutscorporate giftseco friendlyeducationhealth care promotionsholidaymade in the usanew productson saletop sellersbpa free bottlescans/bottle coolerscoastersglasswaremugsplastic cupsthermosestravel mugswater bottles - plasticwater bottles - stainless/aluminumballoonsblanketschocolatefood giftsfun itemsgames & puzzlesgolfmints & candyoutdoor itemsschool spiritsporting eventsstress relieversstuffed animalsumbrellasadhesive notes & note padsbinders & document holdersbookmarks & book lightsbusiness card casescalculatorscalendars & plannersclocksdesk accessoriesjotters & journalsletter openersmagnetspadfoliospaper clips & dispenserspencil pouches & sharpenersrulerstablet & phone itemstechnology itemsusb flash drivesawards and recognitionbuttons & pinsgiveawayslanyardsneck walletsretractable badge holdersribbonstable covers & throwstents, banners & signstrade show booth accessoriestrade show displaysvinyl badge holdersexecutive pensgel penshighlighter pen comboshighlightersmarkersnovelty penspen stylus combospencilspenswriting gift setsauto, health & home - rush servicebags & totes - rush servicedrinkware - rush servicefun & outdoors - rush serviceoffice - rush servicetrade shows & events - rush servicewriting - rush serviceprivacy policycrestline, and its parent company, is the sole owner of the information collected on www.crestline.com. we collect personally identifiable information from our users at several different points on our web site. crestline is committed to protecting the privacy of users of this web site and the information you provide.jump to:information collection & usecommunications from crestline.comservice-related announcementsinformation sharing & disclosurecookie policyaccess to personally identifiable informationinformation securitycontact us information collection & useregistrationin order to place orders on this web site, you must first complete the registration form. during registration you are required to give contact information (such as name and email address). we use this information to contact you about the services on our site in which you have expressed interest.ordersif you purchase a product or service from us, we request certain personally identifiable information from you on our order form. you must provide contact information (such as name, email, and shipping address) and financial information (such as credit card number, expiration date). we use this information for billing purposes and to fill your orders. if we have trouble processing an order, we will use this information to contact you.surveys or contestswe may provide you the opportunity to participate in contests or surveys on our site. if you participate, we will request certain personally identifiable information from you. participation in these surveys or contests is completely voluntary and you therefore have a choice whether or not to disclose this information. the requested information typically includes contact information (such as name and shipping address) and demographic information (such as zip code).we use this information to notify contest winners and award prizes, to monitor site traffic or personalize the site (in the case of anonymous information collected in surveys), or to send participants an email newsletter.we may use a third party service provider to conduct these surveys or contests; that company will be prohibited from using our users’ personally identifiable information for any other purpose. we will not share the personally identifiable information you provide through a contest or survey with other third parties unless we give you prior notice and choice.testimonialsby completing the review, i authorize my product review and testimonial to be used on crestline’s websites and in print to help others evaluate its products and services. i grant crestline authority to only show my first name, state of residence, industry demographics, testimonial comments, and any photos (optional) that i may provide. i waive the right to approve the written copy in which the testimonial appears, and i will receive no renumeration for its use. affirming i am at least 18 years old, i give consent for the use as indicated.share with a colleague and project listsif you choose to use our referral service to tell a colleague about our site, we will ask you for your colleague’s name and email address. we will automatically send your colleague a one-time email inviting him or her to visit the site. crestline stores this information for the sole purpose of sending this one-time email and tracking the success of our referral program. your colleague may contact us at info@crestline.com to request that we remove this information from our database.demographic informationgoogle analytics provides us limited information about visitors to our site such as age, gender, and interest. this information does not identify you specifically but allows us to analyze the collective information about our visitors. this information helps us better understand our average customer but is not used in any other way.return to indexcommunications from crestline.comspecial offers, updates and newsletterswe will occasionally send out information on products, services, special deals, and promotions. you can sign up for these emails from us on every page of the site. out of respect for your privacy, we present the option not to receive these types of communications.return to indexservice-related announcementswe will send you strictly service-related announcements on rare occasions when it is necessary to do so. for instance, if our service is temporarily suspended for maintenance, we might send you an email. generally, you may not opt-out of these communications, which are not promotional in nature. if you do not wish to receive them, you have the option to deactivate your account.customer servicebased upon the personally identifiable information you provide us, we will send you a welcoming email to verify your username and password. we will also communicate with you in response to your inquiries, to provide the services you request, and to manage your account. we will communicate with you by email or telephone, in accordance with your wishes.profilewe store information that we collect through cookies, log files, and clear gifs to create a “profile” of your preferences. we tie your personally identifiable information, and your purchasing history, to information in the profile, in order to provide tailored promotions and marketing offers and to improve the content of the site for you.return to indexinformation sharing & disclosureaggregate information (non-personally identifiable)we do not share aggregated demographic information about our user base. this information does not identify individual users. we do not link aggregate user data with personally identifiable information.personally identifiable informationwe share personally identifiable information with selected third parties. this information is only provided to enable fulfillment and shipping of products and services you have purchased from crestline.other informationwe share your mailing address with some carefully screened vendors whom we feel may provide products and services that will be of benefit to you. if you do not want us to share your mailing information please email us at info@crestline.com, or call us at 1-866-488-4975 and we will opt you out of these offers. at no time does crestline release your email address or telephone number.agentswe use outside suppliers and shipping companies to fulfill orders. these companies do not retain, share, store or use personally identifiable information for any other purposes.service providerswe use other third parties to provide software and hosting services for our site. we do not share any personally identifiable information with these service providers.legal disclaimerwe reserve the right to disclose your personally identifiable information as required by law and when we believe that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights and/or to comply with a judicial proceeding, court order, or legal process served on our web sitechoice/opt-outwe provide you the opportunity to ‘opt-out’ of having your personally identifiable information used for certain purposes, when we ask for this information. for example, if you purchase a product/service but do not wish to receive any additional marketing material from us, you can indicate your preference.if you no longer wish to receive our newsletter and promotional communications, you may opt-out of receiving them by following the instructions included in each newsletter or communication or by indicating such on the ‘email signup’ page.log filesas is true of most web sites, we gather certain information automatically and store it in log files. this information includes internet protocol (ip) addresses, browser type, internet service provider (isp), referring/exit pages, operating system, date/time stamp, and click stream data.we use this information, which does not identify individual users, to analyze trends, to administer the site, to track users’ movements around the site and to gather demographic information about our user base as a whole.we do not link this automatically-collected data to personally identifiable information. we employ a third-party tracking service (omniture) that uses log files to track non-personally identifiable information about visitors to our site in the aggregate.return to indexcookie policya cookie is a small text file that is stored on a user’s computer for record-keeping purposes. we use cookies on this site. we do not link the information we store in cookies to any personally identifiable information you submit while on our site.we do not use session specific cookies on this site. a session cookie expires when you close you browser. a persistent cookie remains on your hard drive for an extended period of time. you can remove persistent cookies by following directions provided in your internet browser’s “help” file. we use persistent cookies to store such data as customer id, basket id, and previously viewed items.if you reject cookies, you may still use our site, but your ability to use some areas of our site, such as contests or surveys, will be limited.this privacy statement covers the use of cookies by this site only and does not cover the use of cookies by any advertisers.clear gifs (web beacons/web bugs)we employ a software technology called clear gifs (a.k.a. web beacons/web bugs), that help us better manage content on our site by informing us what content is effective. clear gifs are tiny graphics with a unique identifier, similar in function to cookies, and are used to track the online movements of web users. in contrast to cookies, which are stored on a user’s computer hard drive, clear gifs are embedded invisibly on web pages and are about the size of the period at the end of this sentence. we do not tie the information gathered by clear gifs to our customers’ personally identifiable information.we may use clear gifs in our html-based emails to let us know which emails have been opened by recipients. this allows us to gauge the effectiveness of certain communications and the effectiveness of our marketing campaigns. if you would like to opt-out of these emails, please see “choice/opt-out.”links to other sitesthis web site contains links to other sites that are not owned or controlled by crestline. please be aware that we, crestline, are not responsible for the privacy practices of such other sites. we encourage you to be aware when you leave our site and to read the privacy statements of each and every web site that collects personally identifiable information. this privacy statement applies only to information collected by this web site.return to indexaccess to personally identifiable informationif your personally identifiable information changes, or if you no longer desire our service, you may correct, update, delete or deactivate it by making the change on our member information page, by emailing our customer support at crestlinehelp@crestline.com or by contacting us by telephone or postal mail at the contact information listed below.return to indexinformation securitythe security of your personal information is important to us. when you enter sensitive information (such as credit card number) on our order forms, we encrypt that information using secure socket layer technology (ssl).we follow generally accepted industry standards to protect the personal information submitted to us, both during transmission and once we receive it. no method of transmission over the internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure, however. therefore, while we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your personal information, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.if you have any questions about security on our web site, you can send email to us at crestlinehelp@crestline.combusiness transitionsin the event crestline goes through a business transition, such as a merger, acquisition by another company, or sale of all or a portion of its assets, your personally identifiable information will likely be among the assets transferred. you will be notified via prominent notice on our web site for 30 days of any such change in ownership or control of your personal information.changes in this privacy statementwe reserve the right to modify this privacy statement at any time, so please review it frequently. if we make material changes to this policy, we will notify you here, by email, or by means of a notice on our home page.return to indexcontact usif you have any questions or suggestions regarding our privacy policy, please contact us at: crestlinehelp@crestline.comreturn to indexsafe & secure shoppingshop byapparelauto, health & homebags & totesdrinkwarefun & outdoorsofficerush servicetrade shows & eventswriting about us about crestline education - white papers press releases request a catalog site map privacy & security rss feeds offers customer service customer service contact us warranty & guarantee terms of use frequently asked questions shipping & returns promotional calendar social media free artwork