来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20201226222932/https://crestline.com/privacy-policy
================================================================================

privacy policy | crestlineskip to main contentcrestline | custom promotional products, logo items & company swagproduct searchsearchlive chat1-866-488-49750 itemsmy account×sign inregistersite navigation×shop by categoryshop by category×apparelapparel×accessoriesfanny packsfootwearglovesheadbands & bandanaswatches & jewelryathleisurecaps & hatsdress shirts & sweatersouterwearfleece jacketsinsulated jacketsrainwearvestspants & shortspolos & golf shirtssunglassessweatshirts & hoodiest-shirtsworkwearapronssafety gearuniformswork glovesshop new arrivalsshop dealsbags & totesbags & totes×backpacksdrawstring bagsduffle & gym bagsgrocery & shopping bagslaptop bags & sleeveslunch bags & cooler bagsmessenger bags & briefcasespaper bags & gift bagsplastic bagstote bagstravelluggage bagsluggage tags & accessoriestoiletry & cosmetic bagsshop new arrivalsshop dealsdrinkwaredrinkware×beer, wine & barwarebeer glassesshot glasseswine glasses & tumblerscoasterscoffee mugscupsglasswarekoozies & can coolersthermosestravel mugs & tumblersinsulatedplasticstainless steelwater bottlesshop new arrivalsshop dealshealth & wellnesshealth & wellness×awareness braceletsdental careface masksholiday face masksfirst aidbandagesfirst aid kitshot & cold packshand sanitizerslip balmspersonal careemery boards & manicure kitsfitnessmirrorspill boxespersonal protective equipmentface shieldssafetylights & reflective stickerssun safetystress relieversthermometersshop new arrivalsshop dealshome & autohome & auto×auto accessoriescleaning & storageice scraperssafety & emergencyblanketsbookmarkscalendars & plannersclipsflashlightsfood & candycandy & candy jarschocolatecookies & browniesfood gifts, baskets & boxesmints & gumpopcorn, pretzels & nutswater & beveragesgames & noveltycoloring booksflyers & fansgames & puzzleskeychainskitchen accessoriescontainerscutting boardsgadgetsjar openersknivespotholders & oven mittsmagnetsornamentsparty accessoriespet productsphoto frames & albumsstuffed animalstools & tool kitstravel accessoriesumbrellasshop new arrivalsshop dealsoffice & techoffice & tech×adhesive notes & notepadsbinders & document holderscalendars & plannersclipscorporate giftsawards & recognitiongift setsgifts under $10gifts under $5desk accessoriesclockspaper clips & dispenserspencil pouches & sharpenerslanyards & badgesbadge holderslanyardsretractable badge holdersmagnetsnotebooks & journalspadfoliosstationerytech accessorieschargers & power bankscharging cablesheadphoneslaptop bags & sleevesmouse padsphone walletspopsocketsprivacy & securityspeakersspeakers & audiostylustablet & phone casestablet & phone standsusb hubsusb flash drivesshop new arrivalsshop dealsshop byshop by×24 hour rush productsbrand nameschurch & religiondealseco-friendlyeducationback to schoolfinancehealthcarebreast cancer awarenessnurse giftsholiday & seasonalkits & bundlesnew productsnonprofitreal estatetop sellersshop new arrivalsshop dealssports & outdoorsports & outdoor×bbq setsblanketscoolersfolding chairsgames & noveltybeachcoloring booksflyers & fansgames & puzzlesgolfapparelballstees, divot tools & kitstowelsumbrellashunting & fishingstuffed animalssunglassestents, banners & signsumbrellasshop new arrivalsshop dealstradeshow & eventstradeshow & events×balloonsbooths & displaysbuttons, pins & ribbonsconvention totescorporate giftsawards & recognitiongift setsgiveawayslanyards & badgesbadge holderslanyardsretractable badge holdersparty accessoriesstickers & decalstable covers & runnerstents, banners & signsshop new arrivalsshop dealswritingwriting×highlighters & markerspencilscolored pencilsmechanical pencilspencilspensexecutive pensmulti-functionalnovelty penspensstylus penswriting setsshop new arrivalsshop dealsholiday 2020personal protective equipmentface masksoffice & techbags & totestop sellersdealsnew productsall major carriers are experiencing delivery delays. we recommend purchasing immediately for delivery before the holidays.homeprivacy policyprivacy policycrestline takes its responsibility for managing security and compliance very seriously and has established policies, processes and controls designed to ensure the protection of your personal data, including a variety of security strategies intended to prevent unauthorized access to your personal data. these policy statements and security strategies are explained and described on our website at www.crestline.com.what this privacy policy coversthis privacy policy covers crestline's treatment of personally identifiable information that crestline collects when you are on the crestline site (“this website”), and when you use crestline's services. this policy also covers crestline's treatment of any personally identifiable information that crestline's business partners share with crestline.this policy does not apply to the practices of companies that crestline does not own or control, or to people that crestline does not employ or manage.information collection and usecrestline collects personally identifiable information when you register for a crestline account or when you use certain crestline products or services. crestline may also receive personally identifiable information from our business partners.when you register with crestline, we ask your name, email address, zip code, billing address and phone. once you register with crestline and sign in to our services, you are not anonymous to us and additional verification steps will be taken.crestline also automatically receives and records information on our server logs from your browser including your ip address, crestline cookie information and the page you requested.crestline uses information for three general purposes: to customize the advertising and content you see on our pages, to fulfill your request for certain products and services, and to contact you about specials and new products.profilewe store information that we collect through cookies, log files, and clear gifs to create a “profile” of your preferences. we tie your personally identifiable information, and your purchasing history, to information in the profile, in order to provide tailored promotions and marketing offers and to improve the content of the site for you.information sharing and disclosurecrestline will not sell, distribute or lease your personal information to third parties except as follows:crestline will send personally identifiable information about you to other companies or people when: we have your consent to share the information; we need to share your information to provide the product or service you have requested; we need to send the information to companies who work on behalf of crestline to provide a product or service to you. (unless we tell you differently, these companies do not have any right to use the personally identifiable information we provide to them beyond what is necessary to assist us.); we respond to subpoenas, court orders or legal process. we may disclose or rent your name and mailing address to other parties for marketing purposes. however, we never share your e-mail address, phone number, credit card or financial information for these purposes. crestline uses web beacons to access our cookies within our network of web sites and in connection with crestline products and services.surveys or contestswe may provide you the opportunity to participate in contests or surveys on our site. if you participate, we will request certain personally identifiable information from you. participation in these surveys or contests is completely voluntary and you therefore have a choice whether or not to disclose this information. the requested information typically includes contact information (such as name and shipping address) and demographic information (such as zip code).we use this information to notify contest winners and award prizes, to monitor site traffic or personalize the site (in the case of anonymous information collected in surveys), or to send participants an email newsletter.we may use a third party service provider to conduct these surveys or contests; that company will be prohibited from using our users’ personally identifiable information for any other purpose. we will not share the personally identifiable information you provide through a contest or survey with other third parties unless we give you prior notice and choice.testimonialsby completing the review, i authorize my product review and testimonial to be used on crestline’s websites and in print to help others evaluate its products and services. i grant crestline authority to only show my first name, state of residence, industry demographics, testimonial comments, and any photos (optional) that i may provide. i waive the right to approve the written copy in which the testimonial appears, and i will receive no remuneration for its use. affirming i am at least 18 years old, i give consent for the use as indicated.share with a colleague and project listsif you choose to use our referral service to tell a colleague about our site, we will ask you for your colleague’s name and email address. we will automatically send your colleague a one-time email inviting him or her to visit the site. crestline stores this information for the sole purpose of sending this one-time email and tracking the success of our referral program. your colleague may request that we remove this information from our database using our data request page (here).service-related announcementswe will send you strictly service-related announcements on rare occasions when it is necessary to do so. for instance, if our service is temporarily suspended for maintenance, we might send you an email. generally, you may not opt-out of these communications, which are not promotional in nature. if you do not wish to receive them, you have the option to deactivate your account.securityyour crestline account information is password-protected for your privacy and security.in certain areas crestline uses industry-standard ssl-encryption to protect data transmissions.changes to this privacy policycrestline may edit this policy from time to time. if we make any substantial changes we will notify you by posting a prominent announcement on or pages.transfers of personal datapersonal data we collect may be stored and processed in the united states or any other country in which the entities represented by our affiliated and subsidiary companies or business partners maintain facilities. we ensure that such storage and processing is subject to appropriate levels of protection to safeguard your personal data. further, crestline ensures that for any transfer of personal data to a country outside the eu/eea it has adequate safeguards in place for the transfer of personal data to third countries. these safeguard may include agreements incorporating the eu standard contractual clauses.breach notificationcrestline evaluates and responds to reports of incidents that might involve unauthorized access to personal data. if we become aware that personal data has been compromised or mishandled, we report any such action or activity to you in accordance with prevailing legal and/or contractual requirements. notification of a data breach will be given within 72 hours of discovery.recipients of personal datawe may share personal data with our affiliated and subsidiary companies or business partners to carry out transactions you request, to make our business more responsive to your needs, to provide you with information about our products and services, or for research and analysis. we may also disclose personal data in connection with legal orders from law enforcement or other government bodies; as required by law or regulation; to protect our rights as well as those of our affiliated and subsidiary companies, our customers, the public, or others; to combat fraud or criminal activity; or with your consent.in addition, we may share personal data with business partners that help us or our affiliated and subsidiary companies to carry out transactions you request, or to customize, analyze and/or improve our communications or business relationship with you. we will only share personal data with business partners who share our commitment to protecting your personal data. except as described above.we may aggregate or de-identify information so that it does not identify you and share that and other non-personal data with third parties for any purpose.agentswe use outside suppliers and shipping companies to fulfill orders. these companies do not retain, share, store or use personally identifiable information for any other purposes.selecting your communications preferences and opting out of marketingyou may choose to receive or not receive marketing communications from us by indicating your preferences. if you would prefer not to receive future marketing communications, or wish to change or modify information previously provided or delete inaccuracies, or to request deletion of personal data, please provide a written request to [email protected]. upon receipt of your request, your information will be updated as soon as possible, but no later than ten (10) days after our receipt of your request. we will respond to all requests for access to your personal data within 30 days. we will retain your personal data for as long as your account is active or as needed to provide you services and as necessary to comply with our legal, regulatory or compliance obligations. even if you opt out of receiving marketing communications, we may still communicate with you in connection with servicing your account, fulfilling your request, or administering any promotion or any program in which you may have elected to participate.if an individual wishes to request a report on what data we have on them please see our data request page (here)collection and use of children's personal dataplease see our terms of service for children’s data and eligibility.cookies and web beaconsthis website uses "cookies" to enable you to sign in to our services and to help personalize your online experience. a cookie is a piece of text that is placed on your computer's hard drive. depending on the settings you have selected, your browser adds the text to your device as a small file. you can change the browser settings as described below; many browsers are set to accept cookies by default. we use cookies to store your preferences and other information on your computer in order to save you time by eliminating the need to enter the same information repeatedly.you have the ability to accept or decline cookies. many web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. if you choose to decline cookies, you may not be able to sign in or use other interactive features of this website and services that depend on cookies. the help portion of your web browser, most likely found on the toolbar, typically tells you how to prevent your browser from accepting new cookies, how to have the browser notify you when you receive a new cookie, or how to disable cookies altogether.targeted email marketingsome marketing you receive, including email marketing, may also be personalized based on your visits to this website and your browsing and purchase history. in addition, when you click on some links in email marketing you receive, our email service provider may place a cookie on your browser. this cookie would be linked to your email address and used to gather information about the products and services you view on this website. information gathered may be used to personalize and customize future email marketing messages you receive. you may opt out of this use by clicking on the unsubscribe link provided in every personalized email marketing message you receive sent from or on behalf of us.how we secure personal datawe are committed to protecting the security of personal data. we use a variety of security technologies and procedures to help protect personal data from unauthorized access, use and disclosure. when you provide us with sensitive personal data (such as financial information) we encrypt that information via ssl. while we strive to protect your personal data, we cannot ensure or guarantee that the personal data or private communications you transmit to us will always remain confidential, and you do so at your own risk. if you have any questions regarding security you can contact us at [email protected]when we use your personal data in connection with a product or service, the data will most often be encrypted both in transit and at rest. when we do engage third party providers for various services, including cloud hosting services for certain aspects of our offerings, we rely on the public policies and protections of those globally available services for the protections we apply to your personal data.social media featuresthis website includes social media features, including facebook “like” button and twitter “follow” button. these features may collect your ip address, which page you are visiting on this website, and you are accepting that a cookie will be used to enable the feature to function properly. social media features are either hosted by a third party or hosted directly on this website. your interactions with these features are governed by the privacy policy of the company providing it.effective date and notification of changes to our privacy policythis privacy policy is effective as of may 1, 2018. we reserve the right to change this privacy policy at any time. if we materially change this privacy policy, we will either notify you by email (sent to the e-mail address specified in your account) or post a prominent notice on this website. changes are effective as of the date we post them on the privacy policy page of this website. we encourage you to periodically review this privacy policy.contact usif you have questions or concerns regarding this privacy policy, please contact us at [email protected] or via postal mail. if you wish to cancel your account or request that we no longer use your information to provide you services, contact us at [email protected]. if you would like to request to view, edit or delete your private information, or if you have a complaint or concern about a violation of your privacy rights, contact us at [email protected]. we will retain and use your personal data as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, enforce our agreements, and for other necessary business purposes.about crestlinecalifornia prop 65 warningscontact uscoupons & dealsprivacy & securitysitemapterms of useppe terms & conditionscustomer testimonialspromotional branding strategiesview our digital catalogart servicesfree samplesfrequently asked questionspromotional calendarpromotional products glossaryshop by brandshop by themefacebookfollow us on facebookprices subject to change. as a result of tariffs on chinese imports, pricing is fluctuating more than usual. your dedicated rep will contact you with any price changes. ©2020 crestline all rights reserved