来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20111229204947/http://www.bikebandit.com/community/guides?utm_source=website&utm_medium=topnavigation_nhp&utm_content=community&utm_campaign=recentproductguides
================================================================================

motorcycle guides at bikebandit.com 24/7 customer service | call, chat, or e-mail us! log in or register my account help shop my machine add your machine to shopparts, gear, and more! change / edit machine my garage your garage is empty. build your garage now. add/edit my machines all departments oem parts aftermarket parts apparel & accessories tires & tubes manuals & tools order by phone: 1-888-339-3888 parts | apparel | casual | accessories | tires & tubes | manuals & tools | specials | community shop motorcycle / atv parts » oem parts » arctic cat bmw honda husaberg kawasaki ktm polaris suzuki triumph yamaha aftermarket parts » air & intake body & fender brakes control drive, chains, sprockets electrical engine exhaust frame & footrest fuel seats & sissy bars supsension tracks & skis wheels & wheel bearings windshields shop all riding apparel » boots & footwear boots socks shoes + more gloves goggles & sunglasses helmets & headwear helmets facemasks + more jackets & vests jackets vests jerseys pants & chaps pants chaps + more protective gear chest protectors knee/shin guards neck supports + more suits rain suits riding suits shop all casual apparel » men's casual apparel casual jackets casual shirts sweatshirts casual pants casual shorts hats & beanies casual footwear youth casual apparel casual shirts casual shorts sweatshirts pajamas & playwear women's casual apparel casual jackets casual shirts sweatshirts casual pants casual shorts pajamas & playwear handbags & wallets shop all motorcycle/atv accessories » bags & luggage motorcycle luggage rider bags atv luggage + more communication & cameras communication systems cameras gps + more covers & transport covers tie downs ramps + more gifts & subscriptions gift cards motorcycle models lanyards + more hunting & agriculture winches/winch accessories racks/carriers sprayers/spreaders security locks alarms chains / cables stickers & decals motorcycle stickers numbers / letters motorcycle decals videos & dvds shop all motorcycle/atv tires » street motorcycle tires dunlop street tires metzeler street tires michelin street tires + more offroad motorcycle tires dunlop dirt tires kenda dirt tires shinko dirt tires + more dualsport motorcycle tires shinko dual sport tires metzeler dual sport tires dunlop dual sport tires + more atv tires dunlop atv tires kenda atv tires maxxis atv tires + more scooter & moped tires michelin scooter tires bridgestone scooter tires kenda scooter tires + more motorcycle tire tubes kings tire tubes irc tire tubes bridgestone tire tubes + more shop all manuals & tools » general manuals repair manuals instructional manuals reference manuals manuals with cd's oem motorcycle / atv manuals honda manuals yamaha manuals kawasaki manuals suzuki manuals bmw manuals + more tools & chemicals hand tools engine oil chemicals cleaning & polishing battery chargers & accessories toolboxes, pouches, & magnetic trays + more shop all bikebandit.com specials » bandit's weekly deals! shop this week's deals! more ways you can save! bandit bucks rewards program ama membership discounts dairyland cycle member discounts bikebandit.com supports ride for kids® closeout gear & apparel! closeout jackets closeout helmets closeout jerseys closeout boots closeout rider bags + more closeouts by brand! icon closeouts fly closeouts alpinestars closeouts acerbis closeouts honda collection closeouts fox closeouts + more community news & events » recent articles 2011 monster motocross of nations learning to ride–cycle insurance can't wait to hit the road? + read more articles recent product guides using motion pro's chain breaker tool how to: rejet your carburetor how to: install a new exhaust system + read more product guides new!how to video – changing a street motorcycle's oil a bikebandit.com how to video on changing a motorcycle's engine oil shop brands >> #abcdefghijklmnopqrstuvwxyzall shop by department oem parts aftermarket parts apparel and accessories tires & tubes manuals & tools shop by brand view all 3m abus ac racing accel accu-gage accutronix acerbis adige adjure inc. afam afe afx agv agv sport air force blaster airhawk akrapovic alfa cycle supply all balls all rite products allsport dynamics alpinestars altimate ama ama licensed apparel ameritex ammco ams answer arai arc arctic cat - oem parts arctiva ariete arlen ness motorcycles arrowhead electrical asterisk athena atlantis atlas atv logic atv supply company auto gem auto meter autolite avon avon grips axio axo azonic b2 industries badlands baffin baja designs baker baldwin ballistic performance components barnett baron bassani battery tender bazzaz bbr motorsports bel-ray bell benz big gun bike crate bikealite bikebandit.com bikemaster biker's choice biker's comfort in action biketronics blingstar blitz blitzkrieg bluhm enterprises blur optics bmc bmw - oem parts bob smith industries bobster bolt boss noss boyesen boz bros braking bridgestone brock's performance buchanan bully locks burly brand buss cal products camel camelbak camoplast candlepower carbon fiber works carlini designs carlisle castrol centauro champion chase harper chatterbox cheng shin chicken hawk racing chris products clarke manufacturing classic accessories clear alternatives clear shot clymer cmp cobra coldwave colony cometic condor continental contour convertibars cortech covermax covingtons crampbuster crg cruz tools cst custom dynamics cv products cv4 cyber cycle country cycle craft cycle performance cycle pirates cycle pro cycle shack cycle sounds cycle visions cycle works cycra cylinder works cyron d.i.d. dakota digital dalton industries danny gray dark daystar dennis stubblefield denso devol dfs dfy sports dg diamond powersports dirt skins dobeck performance dominator domino double h boots dowco dp brakes dp clutches dr.d drag specialties dragon driven dry rider dunlop dupont dura blue duro dvs dwt dymag dyna dynamic moto power dynatek dynojet e-z grip eastonexp ebc edge eiko ek electrosport industries emgo engine ice epi epic epic powersports evs excel exo2 eye ride motowear f3 engineering face lift unlimited factory connection factory effex factory pro factory racing fasst company fastway feuling fieldsheer filtron firstgear flanders flash2pass powersports flite mx fluidyne fly fmf fog city fog off forcefield four fox fram freestyle ingenuity frogg toggs g2 gaerne galespeed galfer galindo gardner-westcott garmin gasgacinch gates gatorz gbc gears geigerrig genuine james giant loop gibson gilles tooling gmax golan gold eagle gold fren gold screw goodridge gopro gore-tex gorilla automotive gpr grab-on grabber great day green light trigger greggs customs gunnar gyb products hammerhead hard krome hardline products hardstyle harri's grips harris performance hawg halters haynes hearos heat demons helix helmet skinz hiflofiltro high lifter high roller high tech speed hindle hinson hiper racing wheels hjc hmf hmk hogtunes honda - oem parts honda collection hopnel hot bodies hot cams hot grips hot pot hot rods hotdogger houser racing husaberg - oem parts hydro-turf hydrodynamics usa ibooster icon impact video ims innovation sports innovations in cycling irc iron rider itasca itp j&m jardine jaybrake je pistons jett jims joe rocket johar joker machine jt racing jt sprockets k&l k&n k&s kam-tech kastar kawasaki - oem parts kawasaki kbc keihin keiti ken sean kenda kg clutch factory khrome werks kibblewhite kidde kimpex kings tire klim klock werks kold kutter racing kolpin koso kr tuned kreem kryptonite ktm - oem parts ktm kuryakyn kwik tek l.a. sleeve la choppers landmark lazer star leatt leo vince lightning performance lightspeed performance liquid image littelfuse loctite lonestar racing lp lrd luster lace m/c enterprises m2r mac magnum magura maier make-it-mfg master lock matrix maxima maxxis mccuff mechanix wear meguiar's memphis shades metal mulisha metro racing metzeler michelin micron midland mikuni mile marker mityvac mobil modquad moose racing mothers motherwell motion pro moto windscreen moto-master motocentric motocomm motor master motorex motorsport motoworks msd msr muffpot mustang muzzys myrtle west n-style nady namura technologies national cycle nelson rigg ness-tech neutech newcomb newray toys inc next dimension ngk nikwax no fear no-toil nolan nology norma norrec industries novello o'neal ogio ohlins olympia moto sports omega on guard one industries optronics inc ortovox oury grips outerwears oxlite pacific coast sunglasses paramount custom cycles park tool parts unlimited patton paulson pbi pc racing perfect equipment performance performance machine inc. permatex piaa pico wiring pingel pirelli pivot works pj1 plano outdoor products plexus pokerun polaris - oem parts polisport power trip powermadd powerstands racing powertye prairie view industries pro aluminum pro armor pro circuit pro clean 1000 pro design pro filter pro moto pro pad pro taper pro x pro-bolt pro-lite pro-one pro-tek pro-wheel profi profill progressive cycle safety progressive suspension progrip protect all puig pulsetech python qtm / brembo quadboss quadworks r&d r.u. outside race tech radiantz rapid transit ras rath racing rc components recoil regina renthal repsol rev'it! revivex rick doss rick's motorsport electric ride-on ris designs risk racing rivco river road rivera engineering rk roadburner roadrunner magazine roaring toyz rockhard rockstar roland sands design rox speed fx royal purple royal riding rule rush exhaust russell rxr s&s s100 saddlemen safety siphon samson sargent scala-rider scary fast racing scorpion scorpion exo scott scotts performance scribner plastics sdg sealsavers second look second wind sedona seizmik shark shift shindy shinko shock racing shock sox shoei shogun exhaust shogun motorsports show chrome sidi signal dynamics silkolene simichrome simple solutions sixsixone skid lid skinz protective gear slinger airflow werks slipstreamer slp smith smith tools smooth industries snacker packer sno stuff snobunje snowbug co snowclaw solas sparx speed and strength speed industries spi spider grips spidi spin wurkz sportech sportstech spot sta-bil standard motor products stansport stant mfg. sti stm italy stop & go straightline performance streamline street bikes unlimited street fx stud boy sunline sunstar suomy super seer supersprox supertrapp supreme legends suzuki suzuki - oem parts swisher symtec t-bags tag metals targa tcx team team hawg racing products llc techniche tecmate teknic tekvest thexton mfg. thh thor threebond throttle jockey throttle threads thunderjet ti force tire balls tm designworks tmv tokyomods topeak torco torin jacks tour master trac dynamics trail tech transworld mx trimax triumph triumph - oem parts troy lee designs tru-flate trukke tsubaki tsukigi racing tucker rocky tuff jug twenty20 twin air twin power two brothers racing ufo ultimate cycle products ultragard um racing uni unifilter universal parts inc utopia v-force v.i.o. vance & hines vector enterprises vemar venture vertex vesrah vholdr victor vision x visu-filter von zipper vortex vp racing vulcan wagner lighting warn wes-garde components group wesbar western power sports white brothers wild 1 willie & max wind vest winderosa windzone wiseco woody's works connection worx performance gloves wsm xceldyne xena xtreme yacht yamaha yamaha - oem parts yana shiki yoshimura yuasa z1r zamp zan headgear zero gravity zoan popular pages honda motorcycle parts kawasaki parts suzuki parts yamaha parts polaris parts motorcycle parts motorcycle accessories motorcycle exhaust motorcycle helmets motorcycle manuals motorcycle brakes motorcycle repair atv parts atv exhaust bikebandit.com sitemap motorcycle guides guide categories buyer's guide motorcycles are complicated machines. and with so many things, both little and big, to tinker with, change and replace, it can be hard to know what exactly to do it with. let bikebandit.com's buyer's guides help you to know what to buy and where to find it so that you can get back to doing what you really love: riding. read more. project guides here at bikebandit.com, we love to work on our own motorcycles. sure, you can take your ride to a shop and have some stranger get his fingers all over your baby. but why not just save time and money and do all of your tuning and maintenance yourself? these project guides will help you learn all about the best ways to tune and maintain your bike with ease. read more. all guides the 2011 holiday gift guide woah, waoh, woah... what day did you say it is? november what?! well crap. that means turkey, pie and thinking about how you should start shopping for the presents you'll be buying your loved ones before the madness of the holidays clogs mall parking lots and forces... read more. atv and utv tire buyer's guide all terrain vehicles, most commonly referred to as atv's, and utility terrain vehicles (utv's) are some of the most versatile vehicles. for this reason, they seem to be growing rapidly in popularity. people with scenic add find that they can get their fill of different terrains and riding... read more. bandit's tour rider essentials going touring can be an amazingly good time but packing for a touring trip can be pretty nerve wracking. you never know if you're packing enough stuff, if you've packed too much or if you've left something really important out. and since a lot of touring roads are far from civilization (or at lea... read more. the buyer's guide to moto gifts there are plenty of excuses to pamper your favorite motorcycle rider all year round. but you can only give your friends and family so many motorcycle jackets before you need some new ideas. and while bikebandit.com is full of great things to give as gifts... read more. the buyer's guide to motorcycle tools half of the fun of owning a motorcycle is tinkering. learning the tricks of the trade and how your motorcycle runs makes riding all the more satisfying. and while forums and friends can give you decent advice on the many intricacies of tuning and tweaking... read more. the buyer's guide to motorcycle windshields motorcycle windshields never win first place in the coolest looking motorcycle accessory category. but there's a reason why they have become one of the most requested motorcycle accessories nationwide. riders consistently find themselves wishing that they... read more. the casual wear buyer's guide if you're like us, you're a motorcycle rider even when you aren't on your motorcycle. but we know how uncomfortable motorcycle gear can be when you're not riding, which is why we offer a large selection of casual clothes for when you're off of your bike... read more. changing a chain with a motion pro chain breaker and riveting tool motorcycle chains can seem to be a bit of an enigma when it comes to motorcycle maintenance. sure, we all know that our rides need them to run properly, but the idea of knowing when and how to change it all out drives most motorcycle riders to run straight... read more. changing your motorcycle's oil a well oiled engine is a happy engine. just as with cars, a motorcycle engine will fail miserably if its oil is not changed regularly. the typical standard for changing it is usually after 5,000 miles but check your owner's manual in case your model varie... read more. the dual sport tire buyer's guide buying tires just strictly for street riding or for off-road riding can be complicated enough without putting the two together. but both are just so darn fun! so it's understandable that you would want a motorcycle that could do both. and sure, you could... read more. the goggle buyer's guide being able to see while riding on a motorcycle is pretty important. and while you always want to dress for the crash, having a good pair of goggles will help you avoid a crash due to lack of visibility. with any kind of riding, your eyes are going to have a lot of enemies... read more. the guide to motorcycle gloves we often take our hands for granted. it sometimes takes breaking a finger or even getting a really annoying paper cut to remind us of how much we actually use our hands and how much hurting them can be a pain in the- wrist. so while we all instantly think "hel... read more. the guide to street motorcycle jackets motorcycle jackets have a lot more functionality than just a regular jacket. you may be thinking that you'll save a few bucks and wear your favorite fleece zip-up but a regular jacket is missing a lot of little details that you'll need while on any motorc... read more. the guide to off-road motorcycle jackets if you ride off-road, you probably already know that street motorcycle jackets have little use when you venture off the asphalt. an off-road motorcycle jacket is made to have special perks and properties that make it perfect for adventuring past the pavemen... read more. the guide to winter riding you may not have noticed, but the temperature has started to drop. and while sunny san diego can't really be said to get "cold" like most of the rest of the u.s., we still notice our teeth chatter when we ride to work in the morning. of course, you could pack... read more. how to: change your handlebars riding should be fun. so if you find that your back, neck, wrists or, well, anything is making you reach for a bottle of aleve when you slide off the seat after a ride, you might have to consider that your handlebars aren't the best fit for you. when you buy... read more. how to: clean and maintain motorcycle air filters in order to work properly, a combustion engine needs air to fuel its fire. literally. but any person with allergies will tell you that the air is packed with things that can make it difficult to breath. and just as we have our own little filter system to... read more. how to: clean out or rebuild your motorcycle's carburetor carburetors come in all different sizes and shapes but they all have a very important role in the mechanics of a motorcycle engine. once gasoline enters your bike, it passes through the carburetor which infuses it with air in order to turn it into a fine mist... read more. how to: clean your motorcycle with the extreme cultural movement that motorcycles have become, enthusiasts everywhere realize that motorcycles are no longer just a means of transportation or sport but that they are also a tribute to a person's character. each person's bike says someth... read more. how to: install and replace a motorcycle's fuel filter one day, we'll probably all ride around on electric motorcycles. until then, motorcycles require a bit of maintenance fueled by their need for gasoline. in order to propel you forward at those speeds that you love so much, your motorcycle's engine needs to perform a fairly... read more. how to: install a new motorcycle exhaust system you've got some bite, so you want your motorcycle's bark to match. the best way to turn your motorcycle from sounding like a kitten to a pit bull is by throwing on some new pipes. plus those pieces can really change up the look of your ride; chrome, stainless steel... read more. how to: maintain and change your motorcycle chain and sprockets so you're going about your usual ride and you notice some strange vibrations in the foot peg. don't be alarmed! over time, your drive chain will have a tendency to "stretch" out with use and will require a certain amount of maintenance just as the rest of your bike... read more. how to: rejet your motorcycle's carburetor so your girl is running a little lean. that's great if we're not talking about your motorcycle, otherwise, it might be time for you to sit down with her and rejet the carburetor. sound painful? it's not really. simply put, carburetors use tiny little nozzles... read more. how to: replace your control levers whether you're on an off-road motorcycle or on a street bike, we all break a lever at some point. hopefully it happens less on a street bike than on an off-road bike since hitting concrete can be a little more harmful than the dirt. off-road bikes tend t... read more. how to: winterize your motorcycle we may not want to admit it, but winter is just around the corner. and as the air cools off and the snow starts falling, most of us begrudgingly store our bikes and impatiently wait for spring to ride again. but storing your bike in the winter isn't as... read more. the motorcycle boot buyer's guide no matter what kind of motorcycle you're on, one fact will always remain the same: your feet are the closest thing between you and the ground. and since your feet are your primary way of getting around (aka walking, running, sauntering), you'll want to keep... read more. the motorcycle camera buyer's guide there's a little exhibitionist in every one of us. don't deny it. if there wasn't, cameras would have never been invented. humans just have an innate desire to share their finest (or maybe not so fine - ahem, paris hilton) moments with the rest of the... read more. the motorcycle cover buyer's guide unfortunately, you can't be riding your motorcycle all of the time. and when those moments arise that you need to take the car instead of your bike, you'll want to make sure that your beautiful motorcycle is just as pristine when you can return to... read more. motorcycle electronics the electrical system on a motorcycle is about as easy to understand as the human cardiovascular system. it's made up of several components that all need to work seamlessly together for the battery to be able to pump power through the channels of your rid... read more. the motorcycle jersey guide so we sat down and started to look over the tons of different motorcycle jersey options and asked ourselves "what makes a good motorcycle jersey?" the answer was so simple that we almost missed it. we looked at the different styles, fabrics and manufacturers and... read more. the motorcycle manual buyer's guide as much as you may already know about motorcycles, there's always something you haven't learned yet. and while motorcycle forums and your riding buddies can tell you a lot, sometimes you need just an old fashion manual to fill you in on the details of what you... read more. the motorcycle pants buyer's guide without legs, you can't ride. or at least it would be a lot harder to ride. so we recommend protecting those people movers of yours. sure it's easy to remember that you need to protect your noggin and your spine, but what about those shins and such? a prepared rider... read more. motorcycle security buyer's guide dane cook does a stand up comedy skit where he takes a motorcycle helmet to the bar (though he doesn't own a motorcycle, which is probably a good thing considering drinking and motorcycles aren't a smart mixture) and using it to pick up chicks. of course, when they... read more. the off-road tire buyer's guide one of the reasons that we all love off-road riding so much is that it gives us so many riding options. from mx racing to sloshing around through the mud, there's a different type of terrain to play in for every one of your moods. but this means that there's... read more. replacing and maintaining motorcycle brakes we all focus so much on how fast our ride goes, but sometimes it's important to take a moment to check how well your motorcycle can stop. braking on a motorcycle can be just as important as accelerating. you'll want to make sure that... read more. replacing your motorcycle grips so you want a new look for your bike and you realize that installing new grips is one of the easiest and cheapest ways. or maybe you dropped your bike and when your friends ask you what's up with the new grips, you're just going to tell them that you want... read more. the riding bag buyer's guide as gas prices shoot up higher and higher, more and more motorcycles are popping up on the streets. it's no longer uncommon for the suit wearing worker to take the motorcycle rather than the gas guzzling suv to work. but this poses one problem: where does the... read more. the scooter tire guide you ride a scooter and, while you're still part of the bi-wheeled family, you know that your ride is a bit different than all the other motorized two-wheelers. for instance, the tires you have on your scooter are made just for your ride. scooter tires are in a category ... read more. the street motorcycle protective gear guide "protective armor," sound like you're going to war? well, when you hop on a motorcycle you kind of are going to war. no matter whether you're riding through the mean streets of the city, through the back streets of the country or on the race track, riding a motorcycle means... read more. street motorcycle tires back when some clever caveman invented the wheel, it's doubtful that he would have expected that, centuries later, there would be millions of materials, styles, and brands involved in the make up. yet with all of the upsides that our modern rubber wheels... read more. the top greatest motorcycle gadgets guide once upon a time, it was just a rider, his bike and the road. today, however, there's all these really awesome gadgets attached here, there and everywhere. whether you're a traditional motorcycle minimalist or you're that guy preordering the newest and most... read more. the ultimate helmet guide no matter what your views are on whether or not there should be a law requiring motorcyclists to wear helmets, it's an undisputed fact that a motorcycle helmet is one of the most important things you should have in order to protect yourself in case of an accident... read more. the vest buyer's guide as the weather begins to heat up, you've started peeling off your jacket and cursing it for keeping you warm even when you want to stay cool. even with the liner taken out and the vents wide open, you still feel like you could fall over at any second with a severe fit... read more. e-mail exclusives sign up to receive special offers from bikebandit.com! thank you for your interest! buy now » check balance » about bikebandit.comm my account & my orders help about bikebandit.com my account frequently asked questions best price guarantee shopping cart contact us dealer services order status live help privacy policy shipping & delivery returns policy terms of use my wishlists best price guarantee affiliates program official partner programs bikebandit.com affiliates bikebandit.com partnerships honda motorcycle parts | kawasaki parts | suzuki parts | yamaha parts | polaris parts | motorcycle parts | motorcycle accessories | motorcycle exhaust motorcycle helmets | motorcycle manuals | motorcycle brakes | motorcycle repair | atv parts | atv exhaust | bikebandit.com sitemap welcome to bikebandit.com - the web's largest powersports store! looking for a hard-to-find motorcycle part or motorcycle accessory? we offer more than 7 million factory fresh motorcycle parts and accessories online. browse for motorcycle parts to upgrade or repair your machine, or check out our offering of the latest motorcycle accessories. bikebandit.com works hard to offer you motorcycle parts from all the major manufacturers, plus a huge number of motorcycle parts and motorcycle accessories from specialist manufacturers. whether you need motorcycle parts for a vintage machine or motorcycle parts for the latest bikes out there, let bikebandit.com help! bikebandit.com is the web's most trusted source for oem motorcycle parts and aftermarket motorcycle parts and accessories. want a motorcycle part to restore your machine? need a motorcycle accessory to customize your ride? browse our motorcycle parts catalog to find just what you're looking for. faqs | customer service | help | 1-888-339-3888