来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20091204154614/http://www.artbeads.com/news.html
================================================================================

artbeads.com news search toollearning centerproductscrystallized™ - swarovski elements swarovski beads swarovski rhinestones swarovski pendants swarovski components featured categories hill tribe & bali silver sale spirituality items sale bali beads hill tribe beads sterling silver beads alphabet beads glass beads gemstones pearls seed beads awareness items limited edition mixed media fantastic finds jewelry supplies beads cabochons charms pendants clasps findings earring findings rings bracelets necklaces buttons watch faces jewelry-making kits stringing materials wire & chain tools & supplies shop by material silver gold copper pewter base metal glass cubic zirconia gemstones pearls ceramic & porcelain acrylic shell wood fibers enamel steel miscellaneous crafts & accessories bags & boxes beading books electronic games artbeads.com merchandise clearance artbeads.com news up | previous | next artbeads.com newsup | previous | next- march 25, 2010 - save 15% on all bali & hill tribe silver for one week only, save 15% on our entire selection of bali and hill tribe silver! from beads and pendants to spacers and cones, these high-quality silver components are all handcrafted by skilled artisans in indonesia and thailand. take advantage of these savings by entering coupon code zzw15p-hbs at checkout. this sale ends at 9am (pt) on thursday, april 1, 2010. spirituality items just in time for easter and passover, save 15% on all spirituality items during our spirituality items sale. from cross pendants and buddha beads to rosary kits and star of david charms, these items are sure to satisfy a diverse group of people and religions. take advantage of these savings by entering coupon code zzw15p-hbs at checkout. shop today! this sale ends at 9am (pt) on thursday, april 1, 2010. prom trends 2010 create your own high-impact prom look with the help of our 2010 prom trends guide. this year's prom trends are bolder and more unique than previous years, giving you plenty of creative freedom when creating an accessory for this special night. to see the exciting spring color palettes and a wide variety of jewelry supplies that will complement these fun trends, visit our 2010 prom trend guide. even more swarovski innovations have arrived! we are proud to introduce even more new styles of swarovski spring/summer 2011 innovations! we have two new crystal colors - fern green and provence lavender - along with the new crystal lavender pearl color, captivating fusion ceramics and several new styles that are sure to excite and inspire you. these new products are some of the most fascinating creations we've seen in recent years! keep checking back as we will be adding dozens of additional styles that are sure to make your designs sparkle! easter is only one week away! with easter just one week away, you still have enough time to create a beautiful jewelry design. whether you're looking for pastel beads or cross charms, you'll find everything easter-related on one easy-to-navigate page. we also have a fun collection of easter jewelry designs and craft ideas. hurry! the big day is almost here! artbeads.com coupon save $10 on orders of $100 or more when you use coupon code zzw10d-100 at checkout. coupon expires at 9am (pt) on thursday, april 1, 2010. only one coupon per order may be used. weekly specials offers good through 9am (pt) on thursday, april 1, 2010. gold-filled beads - up to 27% off jewelry wire - up to 25% off pearls - up to 29% off wood pendants - up to 25% off check out our new and featured products! new stoneware beads new silver links new griffin silk more swarovski innovations receive the best discounts with our newsletter! sign up today to receive weekly newsletters from artbeads.com! with our email newsletters you'll receive special offers, new product introductions, exclusive coupons, free design ideas and news updates! go to the top right of the website to sign up!- march 23, 2010 - shop the $1.99 sale! for 48 hours only, artbeads.com has more than 1,500 of our most popular products on sale for only $1.99! from select swarovski crystals and czech glass beads to sterling silver and seed beads, you'll find a wide variety of products sure to inspire beautiful designs. hurry! the $1.99 sale ends at 9am (pt) on thursday, march 25, 2010.- march 18, 2010 - spring fever sale shop the artbeads.com spring fever sale and receive 15% off orders of $60 or more storewide. this is the perfect time to stock up on essentials and other favorite jewelry supplies. to receive these great savings enter coupon code scw15p-sfs at checkout. many items are sure to sell out, so shop this fantastic sale before it's too late. the spring fever sale ends at 9am (pt) on tuesday, march 23, 2010. even more swarovski innovations have arrived! we are proud to introduce even more new styles of swarovski spring/summer 2011 innovations! we have two new crystal colors - fern green and provence lavender - along with the new crystal lavender pearl color, captivating fusion ceramics and several new styles that are sure to excite and inspire you. these new products are some of the most fascinating creations we've seen in recent years! keep checking back as we will be adding dozens of additional styles that are sure to make your designs sparkle! easter is just around the corner! easter is only two weeks away, leaving you with just enough time to create a beautiful jewelry design. whether you're looking for pastel beads or cross charms, you'll find everything easter-related on one easy-to-navigate page. we also have a fun collection of easter jewelry designs and craft ideas. hurry! the big day is almost here! artbeads.com bead blog forum beading is a unique art form intended to be shared. for this reason, we've created the artbeads.com bead blog forum. this forum is a wonderful location to share your triumphs, confusions and helpful hints as they relate to your beading. have a question about seed beading techniques or a tip to help beginning beaders get started? this forum is your outlet. becoming a registered member of the artbeads.com bead blog forum allows to you instantly become an involved member of the beading community. weekly specials offers good through 9am (pt) on thursday, march 25, 2010. sterling silver clasps - up 29% off lillypilly pendants - up to 19% off earring findings - up to 26% off bulk chain - up to 33% off check out our new and featured products! new cubic zirconia butterflies new pewter toggles new copper new swarovski innovations receive the best discounts with our newsletter! sign up today to receive weekly newsletters from artbeads.com! with our email newsletters you'll receive special offers, new product introductions, exclusive coupons, free design ideas and news updates! go to the top right of the website to sign up!- march 11, 2010 - jewel day jubilee sale for one week only, all gemstones are 15% off during our jewel day jubilee sale. adding natural beauty to your designs has never been so easy and affordable. from jade and agate to turquoise and amethyst, you'll find a wide variety of stones in a range of shapes and sizes. to receive these savings enter coupon code scw15p-jjs at checkout. shop today! this sale ends at 9am (pdt) on thursday, march 18, 2010. even more swarovski innovations have arrived! we are proud to introduce even more new styles of swarovski spring/summer 2011 innovations! we have two new crystal colors - fern green and provence lavender - along with the new crystal lavender pearl color, captivating fusion ceramics and several new styles that are sure to excite and inspire you. these new products are some of the most fascinating creations we've seen in recent years! keep checking back as we will be adding dozens of additional styles that are sure to make your designs sparkle! easter is just around the corner! easter is less than one month away, leaving you just enough time to create a beautiful jewelry design. whether you're looking for pastel beads or cross charms, you'll find everything easter-related on one, easy-to-navigate page. we also have a fun collection of easter jewelry designs and craft ideas. hurry! the big day is almost here! artbeads.com bead blog forum beading is a unique art form intended to be shared. for this reason, we've created the artbeads.com bead blog forum. this forum is a wonderful location to share your triumphs, confusions and helpful hints as they relate to your beading. have a question about seed beading techniques or a tip to help beginning beaders get started? this forum is your outlet. becoming a registered member of the artbeads.com bead blog forum allows to you instantly become an involved member of the beading community. artbeads.com coupon save 5% on orders of $75 or more when you use coupon code scw5p-75 at checkout. coupon expires at 9am (pdt) on thursday, march 18, 2010. only one coupon per order may be used. weekly specials offers good through 9am (pdt) on thursday, march 18, 2010. seed beads - up 36% off sterling silver beads - up to 31% off lampwork beads- up to 34% off pewter clasps - up to 28% off check out our new and featured products! sports charms new base metal chain new tucson treasures new freshwater pearls receive the best discounts with our newsletter! sign up today to receive weekly newsletters from artbeads.com! with our email newsletters you'll receive special offers, new product introductions, exclusive coupons, free design ideas and news updates! go to the top right of the website to sign up!- march 5, 2010 - swarovski innovations are here! we are proud to introduce over 100 new styles of swarovski spring/summer 2011 innovations! we have two new crystal colors - fern green and provence lavender - along with the new crystal lavender pearl color, the reintroduction of the white opal color, the ceramics fusion crystals and several new styles. keep checking back as we will be adding dozens of additional styles that are sure to make your designs sparkle!- march 4, 2010 - march madness dollar days sale for one week only, artbeads.com has more than 2,000 of our most popular products on sale for only $1.00! from swarovski crystal and seed beads to hill tribe silver and pewter charms, the march madness dollar days sale has a little bit of everything with prices too low to resist. shop now! the march madness sale ends at 9am (pst) on march 11, 2010. artist celebration sale we're celebrating the artistry of jewelry making, by giving you 15% off artist jewelry supplies during our artist celebration sale. from hand-painted stoneware and procelain to hand-crafted bronze and resin pendants, these items are all beautiful works of art. to celebrate these artists' work and receive these savings, enter coupon code scw15p-acs at checkout. shop now! this sale ends at 9am (pst) on tuesday, march 9, 2010. swarovski innovations coming soon! the crystallized™ - swarovski elements spring 2011 innovations will be here soon! the latest edition of innovations includes two brand new colors - fern green and provence lavender - and new ceramic-inspired crystals. new shapes include chessboard circle flatbacks, a cosmic square ring, wing-shaped crystals, a baroque pearl and much more. take a sneak preview of the spring 2011 innovations, so that you'll be ready to order once they arrive. keep checking back to be the first to order these gorgeous new crystals as soon as we have them in stock! last chance to enter the artbeads.com's 10th anniversary sweepstakes thursday, march 4 is the last day to enter for your chance to win a $1,000 artbeads.com shopping spree as part of artbeads.com's 10th anniversary celebration. enter yourself today in artbeads.com's 10th anniversary sweepstakes for a chance to win this incredible prize. this sweepstakes runs through thursday, march 4, 2010, at 11:59pm (pst), and is open to united states and canadian residents (excluding quebec) over the age of 18. artbeads.com bead blog forum beading is a unique art form intended to be shared. for this reason, we've created the artbeads.com bead blog forum. this forum is a wonderful location to share your triumphs, confusions and helpful hints as they relate to your beading. have a question about the best seed beading techniques or a tip to help beginning beaders get started? this forum is your outlet. becoming a registered member of the artbeads.com bead blog forum allows to you instantly become an involved member of the beading community. weekly specials offers good through 9am (pst) on thursday, march 11, 2010. toggles - up 34% off rivolis - up to 27% off gemstones - up to 30% off celtic items - up to 36% off check out our new and featured products! new griffin silk new stoneware pendants new venetian glass new paua cabochons receive the best discounts with our newsletter! sign up today to receive weekly newsletters from artbeads.com! with our email newsletters you'll receive special offers, new product introductions, exclusive coupons, free design ideas and news updates! go to the top right of the website to sign up!- march 2, 2010 - artist celebration sale we're celebrating the artistry of jewelry making, by giving you 15% off artist jewelry supplies during our artist celebration sale. from hand-painted stoneware and procelain to hand-crafted bronze and resin pendants, these items are all beautiful works of art. to celebrate these artists' work and receive these savings, enter coupon code scw15p-acs at checkout. shop now! this sale ends at 9am (pst) on tuesday, march 9, 2010. - february 25, 2010 - st. patrick's day sale for one week only, everything you need to create beautiful st. patrick's day jewelry is 10% off. from green beads, crystals and pearls to four leaf clover charms and celtic-inspired items, this sale features more than 2,500 items. enter coupon code scw10p-sps to take advantage of these savings. hurry! this sale ends at 9am (pst) on thursday, march 4, 2010. swarovski innovations coming soon! the crystallized™ - swarovski elements spring 2011 innovations will be here soon! the latest edition of innovations includes three brand new colors and new ceramic-inspired crystals. the three new colors are all part of a nature inspired palette, and include a bright fern green, a subtle provence lavender, and an icy white opal shade. new shapes include chessboard circle flatbacks, a cosmic square ring, a wing-shaped crystals, a baroque pearl and much more. for a sneak preview of the spring 2011 innovations, please visit our blog. keep checking back to be the first to order these gorgeous new crystals as soon as we have them in stock! order your use the muse iv kit today! scarlett lanson's use the muse iv contest is just around the corner. order your kit today for $35, plus shipping and handling, and enter yourself in this exciting beading competition. this unique contest asks designers to create a wearable piece of art inspired by a mystery muse component. to complement the muse component, scarlett chose a variety of seed beads and swarovski crystals as well as gemstones, roundels, leather and a wooden link. this contest is extremely popular and kits will sell out, so order yours today! more information on the use the muse contest can be found here. artbeads.com's 10th anniversary sweepstakes to celebrate the 10th anniversary of artbeads.com, we're giving you the opportunity to win a $1,000 artbeads.com shopping spree. simply enter the artbeads.com's 10th anniversary sweepstakes to be registered for this incredible prize. this sweepstakes runs through thursday, march 4, 2010 at 11:59pm (pst), and is open to united states and canadian residents (excluding quebec) over the age of 18. artbeads.com bead blog forum beading is a unique art form intended to be shared. for this reason, we've created the artbeads.com bead blog forum. this forum is a wonderful location to share your triumphs, confusions and helpful hints as they relate to your beading. have a question about the best seed beading techniques or a tip to help beginning beaders get started? this forum is your outlet. becoming a registered member of the artbeads.com bead blog forum allows to you instantly become an involved member of the beading community. artbeads.com coupon save 10% on orders of $50 or more when you use coupon code scw10p-50 at checkout. coupon expires at 9am (pst) on thursday, march 4, 2010. only one coupon per order may be used. weekly specials offers good through 9am (pst) on thursday, march 4, 2010. hill tribe silver pendants - up to 26% off venetian glass - up to 29% off flowers - up to 28% off bead frames - up to 29% off check out our new and featured products! new tierracast® new seed beads new swarovski crystals new pewter toggles receive the best discounts with our newsletter! sign up today to receive weekly newsletters from artbeads.com! with our email newsletters you'll receive special offers, new product introductions, exclusive coupons, free design ideas and news updates! go to the top right of the website to sign up!- february 18, 2010 - findings fiesta sale for one week only, save 15% on jewelry components you use every day during our findings fiesta sale. from bead caps and bails to links and head pins, this sale includes all of those items you can't live without. to take advantage of these great savings, simply enter coupon code scw15p-ffs at checkout. shop today! this sale ends at 9am (pst) on thursday, february 25, 2010. pre-order your use the muse iv kit today! the use the muse iv contest is just around the corner. pre-order your kit today at the special pre-order price of $30, plus shipping and handling, and enter yourself in this exciting beading competition. this unique contest asks designers to create a wearable piece of art inspired by a mystery muse component. to complement the muse component, scarlett chose a variety of seed beads and swarovski crystals as well as gemstones, roundels, leather and wooden links. this contest is extremely popular and kits will sell out, so order yours today! the pre-order period ends on thursday, february 25, 2010 and after that, the price of the kit will increase to $35. more information on the use the muse contest can be found here. swarovski innovations coming soon! the crystallized™ -swarovski elements spring 2011 innovations will be here soon! the latest edition of innovations includes three brand new colors and new ceramic-inspired crystals. the three new colors are all part of a nature inspired palette, and include a bright fern green, a subtle provence lavender, and an icy white opal shade. new shapes include chessboard circle flatbacks, a cosmic square ring, a wing-shaped crystals, a baroque pearl and much more. for a sneak preview of the spring 2011 innovations, please visit our blog. keep checking back to be the first to order these gorgeous new crystals as soon as we have them in stock! artbeads.com's 10th anniversary sweepstakes to celebrate the 10th anniversary of artbeads.com, we're giving you the opportunity to win a $1,000 artbeads.com shopping spree. simply enter the artbeads.com's 10th anniversary sweepstakes to be registered for this incredible prize. this sweepstakes runs through thursday, march 4, 2010 at 11:59pm (pst), and is open to united states and canadian residents (excluding quebec) over the age of 18. artbeads.com bead blog forum beading is a unique art form intended to be shared. for this reason, we've created the artbeads.com bead blog forum. this forum is a wonderful location to share your triumphs, confusions and helpful hints as they relate to your beading. have a question about the best seed beading techniques or a tip to help beginning beaders get started? this forum is your outlet. becoming a registered member of the artbeads.com bead blog forum allows to you instantly become an involved member of the beading community. artbeads.com coupon save $5 on orders of $50 or more when you use coupon code scw5d-50 at checkout. coupon expires at 9am (pst) on thursday, february 25, 2010. only one coupon per order may be used. weekly specials offers good through 9am (pst) on thursday, february 25, 2010. swarovski sew-ons & buttons - up to 33% off wood pendants - up to 33% off oval beads - up to 35% off copper pendants- up to 24% off check out our new and featured products! new bulk chain new single stone settings new murano glass toggles new taina hartman pendants receive the best discounts with our newsletter! sign up today to receive weekly newsletters from artbeads.com! with our email newsletters you'll receive special offers, new product introductions, exclusive coupons, free design ideas and news updates! go to the top right of the website to sign up!- february 16, 2010 - presidents day sale for one week only save up to 15% storewide with the presidents day sale. the more you shop the more you save! start today, and pick up everything you need to create gorgeous works of art. these fantastic savings end at 9am (pst) on thursday, february 18, 2010. the individual values and coupon codes are listed below. 5% off orders between $25 and $50 - scw5p-pds 10% on orders between $50 and $75 - scw10p-pds 15% on orders of $75 or more - scw15p-pds free first-class shipping to canada artbeads.com is offering free first-class shipping to canada for one week only. this fantastic offer is available on any order with no minimum purchase. shop today! these savings end at 9am (pst) on thursday, february 18, 2010. check out our ltd section! have you browsed our limited edition items lately? we continue to add new and exciting limited edition items on a regular basis. don't miss out on this exciting section that contains pearls, czech glass, gemstones and much more. these items are available in very limited quantities and may not be available on our website ever again. these items are all of the highest quality and sure to sell quickly, so shop today. philanthropy artbeads.com recognizes that we can help make a difference in our world and continues to dedicate a percentage of our profits to help our community. for every order that is placed, artbeads.com will make a contribution to one of our favorite charities. with the significant number of orders placed every day, these donations quickly add up, and we are confident our increased efforts will continue to benefit many of our neighbors, both near and far. for more information, please click here. artbeads.com's 10th anniversary sweepstakes to celebrate the 10th anniversary of artbeads.com, we're giving you the opportunity to win a $1,000 artbeads.com shopping spree. simply enter the artbeads.com's 10th anniversary sweepstakes to be registered for this incredible prize. this sweepstakes runs through thursday, march 4, 2010 at 11:59pm (pst), and is open to united states and canadian residents (excluding quebec) over the age of 18. artbeads.com bead blog forum beading is a unique art form intended to be shared. for this reason, we've created the artbeads.com bead blog forum. this forum is a wonderful location to share your triumphs, confusions and helpful hints as they relate to your beading. have a question about the best seed beading techniques or a tip to help beginning beaders get started? this forum is your outlet. becoming a registered member of the artbeads.com bead blog forum allows to you instantly become an involved member of the beading community. weekly specials offers good through 9am (pst) on thursday, february 18, 2010. winter sports charms - up 26% off mardi gras beads - up to 29% off tin boxes - up to 26% off glass peacock beads- up to 31% off check out our new and featured products! new pewter links new paua cabochons new silk necklaces new buttons receive the best discounts with our newsletter! sign up today to receive weekly newsletters from artbeads.com! with our email newsletters you'll receive special offers, new product introductions, exclusive coupons, free design ideas and news updates! go to the top right of the website to sign up!- february 4, 2010 - medal mania sale for one week only save 15% on select gold, silver and bronze items. the medal mania sale is your opportunity to stock up on precious metal components from gold spacer beads and sterling silver chain to bronze pendants and hill tribe silver toggles. take advantage of these savings by entering coupon code scw15p-mms at checkout. hurry! this sale ends at 9am (pst) on thursday, february 11, 2010. fun facts did you know that ancient egyptians believed inflammation could be cured with copper, or that you can make a 60-mile wire out of a single ounce of gold? we've got these and many other entertaining pieces of information included in our newly updated fun facts section. from the history of beads and jewelry to the science and composition of gemstones, these interesting tidbits provide an interesting and entertaining look at the world of beads! philanthropy artbeads.com recognizes that we can help make a difference in our world and continues to dedicate a percentage of our profits to help our community. for every order that is placed, artbeads.com will make a contribution to one of our favorite charities. with the significant number of orders placed every day, these donations quickly add up, and we are confident our increased efforts will continue to benefit many of our neighbors, both near and far. for more information, please click here. artbeads.com's 10th anniversary sweepstakes to celebrate the 10th anniversary of artbeads.com, we're giving you the opportunity to win a $1,000 artbeads.com shopping spree. simply enter the artbeads.com's 10th anniversary sweepstakes to be registered for this incredible prize. this sweepstakes runs through thursday, march 4, 2010 at 11:59pm (pst), and is open to united states and canadian residents (excluding quebec) over the age of 18. artbeads.com bead blog forum beading is a unique art form intended to be shared. for this reason, we've created the artbeads.com bead blog forum. this forum is a wonderful location to share your triumphs, confusions and helpful hints as they relate to your beading. have a question about the best seed beading techniques or a tip to help beginning beaders get started? this forum is your outlet. becoming a registered member of the artbeads.com bead blog forum allows to you instantly become an involved member of the beading community. artbeads.com coupon save $5 on orders of $50 or more when you use coupon code scw5d-50 at checkout. coupon expires at 9am (pst) on thursday, february 11, 2010. only one coupon per order may be used. weekly specials offers good through 9am (pst) on thursday, february 11, 2010. sterling silver beads - up 32% off swarovski pendants - up to 30% off sterling silver clasps - up to 28% off seed beads - up to 33% off check out our new and featured products! new cat & dog pendants new stoneware cubes & tubes new bead tips new swarovski crystals receive the best discounts with our newsletter! sign up today to receive weekly newsletters from artbeads.com! with our email newsletters you'll receive special offers, new product introductions, exclusive coupons, free design ideas and news updates! go to the top right of the website to sign up!- february 2, 2010 - sweetheart sale shop the sweetheart sale to save 15% on all orders of $60 or more storewide. with this fantastic discount, there is no better time to stock up on everything you will need for valentine's day! to receive these savings, enter coupon code scw15p-shs at checkout. shop now as items cannot be backordered! the sweetheart sale ends at 9am (pst) on thursday, february 4, 2010. our email newsletter subscribers receive a 20% discount with the sweetheart sale. sign up today to start saving! 48-hour gemstone sale shop the 48-hour gemstone sale to enjoy great savings on dozens of high-quality gemstone strands ranging from botswana agate ovals to amethyst chips. you'll love to incorporate the natural beauty of these gorgeous stones in your designs. these gemstones are available in extremely limited quantities and may never be available on our website again, so shop now before it's too late! shop now as items cannot be backordered! the sweetheart sale ends at 9am (pst) on thursday, february 4, 2010.- january 28, 2010 - sweetheart sale shop the sweetheart sale to save 15% on all orders of $60 or more storewide. with this fantastic discount, there is no better time to stock up on everything you will need for valentine�s day! to receive these savings, enter coupon code scw15p-shs at checkout. shop now as items cannot be backordered! the sweetheart sale ends at 9am (pst) on tuesday, february 2, 2010. our email newsletter subscribers receive a 20% discount with the sweetheart sale. sign up today to start saving! photo stand handy tip video learn how to make a fun photo stand using metallite™ beads and seed beads with our new handy tip video. each vintage-inspired stand can be customized to accent the photo you'll be placing on top, and they would even make stunning place card holders for an elegant dinner party. philanthropy artbeads.com recognizes that we can help make a difference in our world and continues to dedicate a percentage of our profits to help our community. for every order that is placed, artbeads.com will make a contribution to one of our favorite charities. with the significant number of orders placed every day, these donations quickly add up, and we are confident our increased efforts will continue to benefit many of our neighbors, both near and far. for more information, please click here. artbeads.com's 10th anniversary sweepstakes to celebrate the 10th anniversary of artbeads.com, we're giving you the opportunity to win a $1,000 artbeads.com shopping spree. simply enter the artbeads.com's 10th anniversary sweepstakes to be registered for this incredible prize. this sweepstakes runs through thursday, march 4, 2010 at 11:59pm (pst), and is open to united states and canadian residents (excluding quebec) over the age of 18. artbeads.com bead blog forum beading is a unique art form intended to be shared. for this reason, we've created the artbeads.com bead blog forum. this forum is a wonderful location to share your triumphs, confusions and helpful hints as they relate to your beading. have a question about the best seed beading techniques or a tip to help beginning beaders get started? this forum is your outlet. becoming a registered member of the artbeads.com bead blog forum allows to you instantly become an involved member of the beading community. artbeads.com coupon save 5% on orders of $30 or more when you use coupon code scw5p-30 at checkout. coupon expires at 9am (pst) on thursday, february 4, 2010. only one coupon per order may be used. weekly specials offers good through 9am (pst) on thursday, february 4, 2010. bali beads - up 31% off links - up to 29% off glass beads - up to 28% off findings - up to 32% off check out our new and featured products! new gold-filled chain new lampwork beads bronze pendants new venetian glass receive the best discounts with our newsletter! sign up today to receive weekly newsletters from artbeads.com! with our email newsletters you'll receive special offers, new product introductions, exclusive coupons, free design ideas and news updates! go to the top right of the website to sign up!- january 21, 2010 - love is in the air sale save 15% on all valentine's day beads and charms during the love is in the air sale. this sale includes everything you need to make your sweetheart feel special, from heart-shaped beads and charms to pink pearls and red rhinestones. to take advantage of these savings enter coupon code scw15p-vdt at checkout. valentine's day is just around the corner, so shop today! this sale ends at 9am (pst) on thursday, january 28, 2010. tierracast® sale for one week only save 15% on all tierracast® pewter, including the brand new line of viva mexicana beads and charms. this sale includes pendants, charms, alphabet beads, bead frames and much more. all tierracast® items are made from 100% lead-free pewter and come in a variety of coatings, including copper, gold and silver. simply enter coupon code scw15p-vdt at checkout to receive these savings. hurry! this sale ends at 9am (pst) on thursday, january 28, 2010. artbeads.com's 10th anniversary sweepstakes to celebrate the 10th anniversary of artbeads.com, we're giving you the opportunity to win a $1,000 artbeads.com shopping spree. simply enter the artbeads.com's 10th anniversary sweepstakes to be registered for this incredible prize. this sweepstakes runs through thursday, march 4, 2010 at 11:59pm (pst), and is open to united states and canadian residents (excluding quebec) over the age of 18. artbeads.com bead blog forum beading is a unique art form intended to be shared. for this reason, we've created the artbeads.com bead blog forum. this forum is a wonderful location to share your triumphs, confusions and helpful hints as they relate to your beading. have a question about the best seed beading techniques or a tip to help beginning beaders get started? this forum is your outlet. becoming a registered member of the artbeads.com bead blog forum allows to you instantly become an involved member of the beading community. artbeads.com's treasure chest giveaway enter for a chance to win a mystery treasure chest full of stunning beads and jewelry supplies from artbeads.com. a new item contained in the treasure chest will be revealed to the public every week until the winner is announced. visit the artbeads.com facebook page, click on the sweepstakes tab and enter your contact information before 11:59 pm (pst) wednesday, january 27, 2010, to enter yourself in this exciting contest. this contest is open to united states and canadian residents (excluding quebec) over the age of 18. artbeads.com coupon save 5% on orders of $40 or more when you use coupon code scw5p-40 at checkout. coupon expires at 9am (pst) on thursday, january, 28, 2010. only one coupon per order may be used. weekly specials offers good through 9am (pst) on thursday, january 28, 2010. hotfix rhinestones - up 31% off gemstones - up to 34% off bali clasps - up to 25% off charms & pendants - up to 31% off check out our new and featured products! new glass pendants new resin cameos new cz faceted rectangles new stringing material receive the best discounts with our newsletter! sign up today to receive weekly newsletters from artbeads.com! with our email newsletters you'll receive special offers, new product introductions, exclusive coupons, free design ideas and news updates! go to the top right of the website to sign up!- january 19, 2010 -new tierracast® pewter you'll find a wide range of components to startle and delight you in tierracast®'s new viva mexicana pewter line. dancing skeletons and grinning skulls provide unique elements for mexican-themed events and designs, as well as for the famous hispanic celebration known as the day of the dead. these charms and links are mixed in with other components that hold special cultural meaning and religious significance, such as an ornate cross and the our lady link. take a look to see what captures your interest.- january 19, 2010 -new tierracast® pewter you'll find a wide range of components to startle and delight you in tierracast®'s new viva mexicana pewter line. dancing skeletons and grinning skulls provide unique elements for mexican-themed events and designs, as well as for the famous hispanic celebration known as the day of the dead. these charms and links are mixed in with other components that hold special cultural meaning and religious significance, such as an ornate cross and the our lady link. take a look to see what captures your interest.- january 14, 2010 - customer appreciation sale shop the customer appreciation sale to enjoy our best prices storewide! our products are available at large volume discounts, regardless of the quantity you purchase. buy one bead and get the same discount you would if you had purchased hundreds! this sale is our way of thanking our customers for 10 years of impressive support. shop now! the customer appreciation sale ends at 9am (pst) on thursday, january 21, 2010. mlk day shipping monday, january 18, 2010, is martin luther king jr. day. while we will remain open to process orders, the usps will not be providing service on this day. however, both ups and fedex will be providing service on that day. in order to ensure the speedy delivery of your orders, choose to have your orders shipped through ups or fedex. artbeads.com's 10th anniversary sweepstakes to celebrate the 10th anniversary of artbeads.com, we're giving you the opportunity to win a $1,000 artbeads.com shopping spree. simply enter the artbeads.com's 10th anniversary sweepstakes to be registered for this incredible prize. this sweepstakes runs through thursday, march 4, 2010 at 11:59pm (pst), and is open to united states and canadian residents (excluding quebec) over the age of 18. artbeads.com bead blog forum beading is a unique art form intended to be shared. for this reason, we've created the artbeads.com bead blog forum. this forum is a wonderful location to share your triumphs, confusions and helpful hints as they relate to your beading. have a question about the best seed beading techniques or a tip to help beginning beaders get started? this forum is your outlet. becoming a registered member of the artbeads.com bead blog forum allows to you instantly become an involved member of the beading community. artbeads.com's treasure chest giveaway enter for a chance to win a mystery treasure chest full of stunning beads and jewelry supplies from artbeads.com. a new item contained in the treasure chest will be revealed to the public every week until the winner is announced. visit the artbeads.com facebook page, click on the sweepstakes tab and enter your contact information before 11:59 pm (pst) wednesday, january 27, 2010, to enter yourself in this exciting contest. this contest is open to united states and canadian residents (excluding quebec) over the age of 18. weekly specials offers good through 9am (pst) on thursday, january 21, 2010. gold-filled rounds - up 28% off bead frames - up to 26% off paua pendants - up to 28% off silver chain - up to 31% off check out our new and featured products! new stoneware pendants new pewter links new swarovski crystals new porcelain beads & pendants receive the best discounts with our newsletter! sign up today to receive weekly newsletters from artbeads.com! with our email newsletters you'll receive special offers, new product introductions, exclusive coupons, free design ideas and news updates! go to the top right of the website to sign up!- january 7, 2010 - artbeads.com's 10th anniversary sweepstakes to celebrate the 10th anniversary of artbeads.com, we're giving you the opportunity to win a $1,000 artbeads.com shopping spree. simply enter the artbeads.com 10th anniversary sweepstakes to be registered for this incredible prize. this sweepstakes runs through thursday, march 4, 2010 at 11:59pm (pst), and is open to united states and canadian residents (excluding quebec) over the age of 18. spring/summer fashion trends keep your jewelry designs up to date by learning about upcoming fashion trends. global fusion and midsummer's night, the two big trends for spring and summer 2010, are full of bold colors, cultural influences and nature-themed components. whether you're looking to increase your sales or just want to keep your wardrobe up to date, these trends will help you make memorable designs heading into the warmer months. artbeads.com bead blog forum beading is a unique art form intended to be shared. for this reason, we've created the artbeads.com bead blog forum. this forum is a wonderful location to share your triumphs, confusions and helpful hints as they relate to your beading. have a question about the best seed beading techniques or a tip to help beginning beaders get started? this forum is your outlet. becoming a registered member of the artbeads.com bead blog forum allows to you instantly become an involved member of the beading community. artbeads.com's treasure chest giveaway starting at 10 am (pst) on monday, december 28, you can register to win a mystery treasure chest full of stunning beads and jewelry supplies from artbeads.com. a new item contained in the treasure chest will be revealed to the public every week until the winner is announced. visit the artbeads.com facebook page, click on the sweepstakes tab and enter your contact information before 11:59 pm (pst) wednesday, january 27, 2010, to enter yourself in this exciting contest. this contest is open to united states and canadian residents (excluding quebec) over the age of 18. artbeads.com coupon save $10 on orders of $75 or more when you use coupon code scw10d-75 at checkout. coupon expires at 9am (pst) on thursday, january 14, 2010. only one coupon per order may be used. weekly specials offers good through 9am (pst) on thursday, january 14, 2010. sterling silver earwires - up 30% off bead caps - up to 33% off tools & supplies - up to 24% off swarovski galactic pendants - up to 23% off check out our new and featured products! new base metal chain new cross charms new murano glass toggles new hill tribe silver receive the best discounts with our newsletter! sign up today to receive weekly newsletters from artbeads.com! with our email newsletters you'll receive special offers, new product introductions, exclusive coupons, free design ideas and news updates! go to the top right of the website to sign up!- january 5, 2010 - artbeads.com's 10th anniversary sale to celebrate artbeads.com's 10th anniversary, we're passing the savings on to you, our valued customers. for one week only, save 25% on 10 of our most popular jewelry categories. this incredible sale includes swarovski crystals, freshwater pearls, cubic zirconia, glass pendants and other high-quality jewelry and craft supplies. to receive these savings, enter coupon code scw25p-10a at checkout. hurry! this sale ends at 9am (pst) on tuesday, january 12, 2010. thank you for supporting us throughout the past 10 years, and we look forward to another 10.- december 28, 2009 - end of the year clearance sale save big during the artbeads.com end of the year clearance sale. from limited edition gemstones and pearls to vintage swarovski items, you'll find a large collection of high quality jewelry supplies at rock bottom prices. this sale is a great chance to stock up on jewelry supplies for the new year. shop now! these great savings end at 9am (pst) on thursday, january 7, 2010. artbeads.com bead blog forum beading is a unique art form intended to be shared. for this reason, we've created the artbeads.com bead blog forum. this forum is a wonderful location to share your triumphs, confusions and helpful hints as they relate to your beading. have a question about the best seed beading techniques or a tip to help beginning beaders get started? this forum is your outlet. becoming a registered member of the artbeads.com bead blog forum allows to you instantly become an involved member of the beading community. artbeads.com's treasure chest giveaway starting at 10 am (pst) on monday, december 28, you can register to win a mystery treasure chest full of stunning beads and jewelry supplies from artbeads.com. a new item contained in the treasure chest will be revealed to the public every week until the winner is announced. visit the artbeads.com facebook page, click on the sweepstakes tab and enter your contact information before 11:59 pm (pst) wednesday, january 27, 2010, to enter yourself in this exciting contest. this contest is open to united states and canadian residents (excluding quebec) over the age of 18. glue pad handy tip creating a priceless treasure is easy with our new heart bail glue pads, so we've created a useful handy tip to help teach the simple techniques needed to use this fun new product. you'll be amazed at the results you'll achieve with a few easy-to-use components. artbeads.com new year's day closing in recognition of the holiday, artbeads.com will be closed and will not process any orders on friday, january 1, 2010. we will only be open until noon on thursday, december 31, 2009. orders must be placed by 9am on this day to be processed. please keep this in mind when placing orders to ensure that your items arrive when you need them. artbeads.com coupon save 10% on orders of $50 or more when you use coupon code scw10p-50 at checkout. coupon expires at 9am (pst) on thursday, january 7, 2010. only one coupon per order may be used. weekly specials offers good through 9am (pst) on thursday, january 7, 2010. tierracast® spacers - up 39% off enamel pendants - up to 22% off sterling silver chains - up to 26% off delica seed beads - up to 29% off check out our new and featured products! new venetian glass cubes new bails & glue pad bails new base metal clasps new lampwork beads receive the best discounts with our newsletter! sign up today to receive weekly newsletters from artbeads.com! with our email newsletters you'll receive special offers, new product introductions, exclusive coupons, free design ideas and news updates! go to the top right of the website to sign up!- december 21, 2009 - save 15% on all swarovski crystals! save 15% on our entire selection of swarovski crystals just in time to add some glamour to your new year's eve jewelry and fashion. from pendants and bicones to flatbacks and sew-on crystals, swarovski crystals are world renowned for their high quality and remarkable beauty. take advantage of this great deal by entering coupon code scw15p-sbm at checkout. hurry! these great deals end at 9am (pst) on monday, december 28, 2009. save 15% on all base metal for one week only, save 15% on all base metal jewelry supplies. these great jewelry making essentials range from chain and jump rings to pendants and charms and come in a variety of finishes, from gold to gunmetal. since base metal is already an economical choice, you can't afford to miss out on these terrific savings. enter coupon code scw15p-sbm at checkout to take advantage of this sale. shop now! these savings end at 9am (pst) on monday, december 28, 2009. the use the muse iii contest big reveal is here! the muse component in scarlett lanson�s use the muse iii contest has been revealed, along with the winning designs. visit the use the muse website to see which component inspired dozens of beautiful designs. this year's competition was truly an international affair, with designers representing 37 states as well as 13 other countries. artbeads.com once again sponsored this innovative and creative beading competition which asked designers to create a wearable piece of art highlighting a mystery muse component. submissions were judged on their creative use of the kit provided and how well they utilized the muse component, as well as quality and artistic merit. artbeads.com holiday cheer giveaway don't miss your chance to enter the artbeads.com holiday cheer giveaway. it's an opportunity for you to win a $100 artbeads.com gift card that you can redeem for high quality beads and jewelry supplies. to become eligible, all you have to do is become a fan of artbeads.com on facebook, click on the sweepstakes tab and enter your contact information. you must enter by 11:59 pm (pst) on december 20, 2009 for your chance to win. the winner will be announced on monday, december 21, 2009. invite your friends and family to enter as well. follow artbeads.com to connect with other beaders and to keep up with artbeads.com's latest specials. artbeads.com holiday closures in recognition of the holiday season, artbeads.com will be closed and will not process any orders on friday, december 25, or friday, january 1. we will only be open until noon on thursday, december 24 and thursday, december 31. orders must be placed by 9am on these days to be processed. please keep this in mind when placing orders in order to ensure that your items arrive when you need them. artbeads.com coupon save $5 on orders of $50 or more when you use coupon code scw5d-50 at checkout. coupon expires at 9am (pst) on monday, december 28, 2009. only one coupon per order may be used. weekly specials offers good through 9am (pst) on monday, december 28, 2009. swarovski 5000 rounds - up 30% off sterling silver toggles - up to 27% off artbeads.com promotional items - up to 50% off venetian glass beads - 28% off check out our new and featured products! new lampwork beads new hill tribe silver new tierracast® pewter new swarovski innovations holiday shipping schedule wondering by what date you need to place an order to get your jewelry supplies in time for the holidays? look no further than our holiday shipping schedule. there you'll find all the information you need to make sure your jewelry designs are wrapped and under the tree on christmas day. only one week until christmas! with the holidays fast approaching, there is no better time to stock up on holiday-themed beading and jewelry supplies! whether you are making a beaded christmas tree ornament or a holiday-themed necklace, our collection of design ideas and holiday products will provide you with gorgeously festive results. receive the best discounts with our newsletter! sign up today to receive weekly newsletters from artbeads.com! with our email newsletters you'll receive special offers, new product introductions, exclusive coupons, free design ideas and news updates! go to the top right of the website to sign up!- december 15, 2009 - 25% off all seed beads and czech glass for a limited time, save 25% on our entire selection of czech glass and seed beads! from fire-polished nuggets and druks to tohos and delicas, these glass beads are essentials for any jewelry maker. take advantage of this fantastic offer by entering coupon code scw25p-csb at checkout. shop now! these savings end at 9am (pst) on monday, december 21, 2009.- december 10, 2009 - 50% off more than 2,000 items you'll find amazing deals on products ranging from base metal components and czech glass beads to swarovski rhinestones and hill tribe silver. this sale is a great way to stock up for christmas, so make sure to purchase your favorite pieces now as backorders will not be allowed on these items! the sale ends at 9am (pst) on tuesday, december 15, 2009. save 15% on all pendants for one week only, save 15% on all pendants. from murano glass to sterling silver, swarovski crystal to stoneware, these pendants are sure to inspire beautiful jewelry designs. to receive these great savings simply enter coupon code scw15p-pen at checkout. this sale ends at 9am (pst) on thursday, december 17, 2009. countdown to the use the muse iii contest big reveal the mystery component in scarlett lanson's use the muse iii contest will be revealed along with the winning designs on december 17. see which of the more than 150 designs were honored in this innovative and creative contest. artbeads.com is proud to sponsor this wonderful beading competition which provides inspiration for so many jewelry designers. artbeads.com holiday cheer giveaway enter the artbeads.com holiday cheer giveaway for your chance to win a $100 artbeads.com gift card that you can redeem for high quality beads and jewelry supplies. to become eligible, all you have to do is become a fan of artbeads.com on facebook, click on the sweepstakes tab and enter your contact information. you must enter by 11:59 pm (pst) on december 20, 2009 for your chance to win. invite your friends and family to enter as well. follow artbeads.com to connect with other beaders and to keep up with artbeads.com's latest specials. artbeads.com holiday closures in recognition of the holiday season, artbeads.com will be closed and will not process any orders on friday, december 25, or friday, january 1. we will only be open until noon on thursday, december 24 and thursday, december 31. orders must be placed by 9am on these days to be processed. please keep this in mind when placing orders in order to ensure that your items arrive when you need them. artbeads.com coupon save $10 on orders of $60 or more when you use coupon code scw10d-60 at checkout. coupon expires at 9am (pst) on thursday, december 17, 2009. only one coupon per order may be used. weekly specials offers good through 9am (pst) on thursday, december 17, 2009. antique brass links - up 26% off swarovski helix beads - up to 30% off snap clasps - 38% off birthstone beads - 26% off check out our new and featured products! new murano glass toggles new gold-filled beads new caprice items new pewter beads & bead frames holiday shipping schedule wondering by what date you need to place an order to get your jewelry supplies in time for the holidays? look no further than our holiday shipping schedule. there you'll find all the information you need to make sure your jewelry designs are wrapped and under the tree on christmas day. only two weeks until christmas! with christmas fast approaching, there is no better time to stock up on holiday-themed beading and jewelry supplies! whether you are making a beaded christmas tree ornament or a holiday-themed necklace, our collection of design ideas and holiday products will provide you with gorgeously festive results. receive the best discounts with our newsletter! sign up today to receive weekly newsletters from artbeads.com! with our email newsletters you'll receive special offers, new product introductions, exclusive coupons, free design ideas and news updates! go to the top right of the website to sign up!- december 8, 2009 - 50% off more than 2,000 items for one week only, save 50% on more than 2,000 items! you'll find amazing deals on products ranging from base metal components and czech glass beads to swarovski rhinestones and hill tribe silver. this sale is a great way to stock up for christmas, so shop now before the savings slip away. the sale ends at 9am (pst) on tuesday, december 15, 2009.- december 3, 2009 - 10% off select sterling silver items for one week only, save 10% on select sterling silver items. from beads and chain to findings and charms, sterling silver is a versatile and popular beading material. this sale excludes bali silver and hill tribe silver. to take advantage of these savings simply enter coupon code scw10p-ssk at checkout. act now! this sale ends at 9am (pst) on thursday, december 10, 2009. 10% off jewelry design kits save 10% on all jewelry design kits, including 18 new kits, for one week only. jewelry design kits are great for learning new jewelry design techniques, and they make great gifts. to receive these great savings simply enter coupon code scw10p-ssk at checkout. hurry! this sale ends at 9am (pst) on thursday, december 10, 2009. artbeads.com holiday cheer giveaway enter the artbeads.com holiday cheer giveaway for your chance to win a $100 artbeads.com gift card that you can redeem for high quality beads and jewelry supplies. to become eligible, all you have to do is become a fan of artbeads.com on facebook, click on the sweepstakes tab and enter your contact information. you must enter by 11:59 pm (pst) on december 20, 2009 for your chance to win. invite your friends and family to enter as well. follow artbeads.com to connect with other beaders and to keep up with artbeads.com's latest specials. new handy tip learn to use glue-in bead caps and bails with murano glass beads to create beautiful christmas tree ornaments and necklaces by reading this informative handy tip. artbeads.com has also created a great handy tip video to help teach these techniques. you'll be amazed at the results you'll achieve with a few easy to use components and some simple techniques! artbeads.com holiday closures in recognition of the holiday season, artbeads.com will be closed and will not process any orders on friday, december 25, or friday, january 1. we will only be open until noon on thursday, december 24 and thursday, december 31. orders must be placed by 9am on these days to be processed. please keep this in mind when placing orders in order to ensure that your items arrive when you need them. artbeads.com coupon save $5 on orders of $50 or more when you use coupon code scw5d-50 at checkout. coupon expires at 9am (pst) on thursday, december 10, 2009. only one coupon per order may be used. weekly specials offers good through 9am (pst) on thursday, december 10, 2009. ear threads - up to 31% off holiday charms - up to 37% off stoneware tubes - 28% off antique copper toggles - up to 33% off check out our new and featured products! new silk necklaces new swarovski crystal new pewter bails new vintage czech glass holiday shipping schedule wondering by what date you need to place an order to get your jewelry supplies in time for the holidays? look no further than our holiday shipping schedule. there you'll find all the information you need to make sure your jewelry designs are wrapped and under the tree on christmas day. fewer than 25 days until the holidays! with the holidays fast approaching, there is no better time to stock up on holiday-themed beading and jewelry supplies! whether you are making a beaded christmas tree ornament or a holiday-themed necklace, our collection of design ideas and holiday products will provide you with gorgeously festive results. new priority shipping options check out these new ways to get your orders quickly without spending a fortune! free priority shipping and 24-hour turnaround on u.s. orders of $75 or more canada - fedex international priority - $15.99 flat rate international - fedex international priority - $19.99 flat rate receive the best discounts with our newsletter! sign up today to receive weekly newsletters from artbeads.com! with our email newsletters you'll receive special offers, new product introductions, exclusive coupons, free design ideas and news updates! go to the top right of the website to sign up!- december 1, 2009 - vintage bead sale! for 48 hours, save 15% on our entire collection of vintage beads and components, including 50 new czech glass bead strands! to enjoy these fantastic savings, enter coupon code scw15p-vin at checkout. you'll discover a wide variety of colors and sizes that will help create unique jewelry designs with vintage appeal. this sale ends at 9am (pst) on thursday, december 3, 2009.- november 30, 2009 - shop our biggest sale of the year! shop the artbeads.com after thanksgiving sale to save 20% on orders of $60 or more storewide! to enjoy these fantastic savings, enter coupon code scw20p-ats at checkout. many items are sure to sell out, so shop our biggest sale of the year before it's too late. this sale ends at 9am (pst) on tuesday, december 1, 2009. artbeads.com coupon save $5 on orders of $30 or more when you use coupon code scw5d-30 at checkout. coupon expires at 9am (pst) on thursday, december 3, 2009. only one coupon per order may be used. weekly specials offers good through 9am (pst) on thursday, december 3, 2009. vintage cabochons - 30% off mother of pearl strands - 25% off griffin bead cords - 21% off czech glass deep cut nuggets - up to 45% off check out our new and featured products! lacy's stiff stuff new miyuki seed beads new murano glass pendants new base metal findings create virtual jewelry on your nintendo ds® artbeads.com is happy to introduce style lab™: jewelry design, a brand new nintendo ds® game from ubisoft®. this entertaining game lets you design beautiful virtual jewelry using over 400 beads, pendants and charms based on products actually sold at artbeads.com. when you've finished your designs, you can choose to make them public for friends and family to see, and you can purchase them. that's where we come in! the talented jewelry designers at artbeads.com will bring your creations to life using components similar to those you chose within the game. a perfect gift idea this holiday season, style lab™: jewelry design will help spread the joy of jewelry making to young and old alike! holiday shipping schedule wondering by what date you need to place an order to get your jewelry supplies in time for the holidays? look no further than our holiday shipping schedule. there you'll find all the information you need to make sure your jewelry designs are wrapped and under the tree on christmas day. fewer than 35 days until the holidays! with the holidays fast approaching, there is no better time to stock up on holiday-themed beading and jewelry supplies! whether you are making a beaded christmas tree ornament or a holiday-themed necklace, our collection of design ideas and holiday products will provide you with gorgeously festive results. new priority shipping options check out these new ways to get your orders quickly without spending a fortune! free priority shipping and 24-hour turnaround on u.s. orders of $75 or more canada - fedex international priority - $15.99 flat rate international - fedex international priority - $19.99 flat rate receive the best discounts with our newsletter! sign up today to receive weekly newsletters from artbeads.com! with our email newsletters you'll receive special offers, new product introductions, exclusive coupons, free design ideas and news updates! go to the top right of the website to sign up!- november 19, 2009 - introducing metallite™ by zambapro™ we're proud to introduce metallite™ by zambapro™, a brand new line of high-quality jewelry components. these beads, links and charms are made of metalized plastic, resulting in components that are lightweight, inexpensive and perfect for a wide variety of jewelry designs and craft projects. shop now! with more than 200 different shapes and sizes, metallite™ by zambapro™ has something for everyone. thanksgiving day closure in recognition of the holiday, artbeads.com will be closed and will not process or ship any orders on thursday, november 26. please keep this in mind when placing orders, in order to ensure that your items get to you by the time you need them. weekly coupon - scw5p-75 save 5% on orders of $75 or more when you use coupon code scw5p-75 at checkout. coupon expires at 9am (pst) on friday, november 27, 2009. only one coupon per order may be used. weekly specials offers good through 9am (pst) on friday, november 27, 2009. copper earwire - 30% off! 4mm cats eye beads - 23% off! indian spacers - up to 26% off! hotfix rose flatbacks - up to 44% off! check out our new and featured products! new pewter picture frames new tierracast rivoli settings new sterling silver charms new cubic zirconia thanksgiving is just around the corner! thanksgiving is almost here! whether you want to create a beautiful necklace to wear that day or spruce up your table décor, we've got thanksgiving jewelry items and craft ideas to help you out. hurry, the big day is only one week away! holiday shipping schedule wondering by what date you need to place an order to get your jewelry supplies in time for the holidays? look no further than our holiday shipping schedule. there you'll find all the information you need to make sure your jewelry designs are wrapped and under the tree on christmas day. fewer than 40 days until christmas! with christmas fast approaching, there is no better time to stock up on holiday-themed beading and jewelry supplies! whether you are making a beaded christmas tree ornament or a holiday-themed necklace, our collection of design ideas and holiday products will provide you with gorgeously festive results. new priority shipping options check out these new ways to get your orders quickly without spending a fortune! free priority shipping and 24-hour turnaround on u.s. orders of $75 or more canada - fedex international priority - $15.99 flat rate international - fedex international priority - $19.99 flat rate receive the best discounts with our newsletter! sign up today to receive weekly newsletters from artbeads.com! with our email newsletters you'll receive special offers, new product introductions, exclusive coupons, free design ideas and news updates! go to the top right of the website to sign up!- november 12, 2009 - cornucopia of crystal sale - up to 35% off 500 top swarovski items! now is the time to pick up your favorite swarovski items in our cornucopia of crystal sale. we've gathered five hundred of our most popular swarovski pendants, beads and rhinestones for you to choose from. you'll find products ranging from colorful teardrop pendants to hotfix flatbacks, all at fantastic low prices. give your designs some sparkle with these brilliant swarovski components. shop now! this sale ends at 9am (pst) on thursday, november 19, 2009. holiday sale - save 15%! save 15% on a wide selection of christmas and hanukkah jewelry and craft products during our holiday sale. whether you're creating a gift for a friend or designing a holiday piece, there is no better time to stock up. simply enter coupon code scw15p-his at checkout to take advantage of these savings. shop now! this sale ends at 9am (pst) on tuesday, november 17, 2009. buy more, save more coupon this fantastic coupon increases in value! the more you shop, the more you save! save up to $25 on your entire order. this coupon expires at 9am (pst) on thursday, november 19, 2009. the individual values and coupon codes are listed below. $5 off orders from $40 to $75 - scw5d-40 $10 off orders from $75 to $100 - scw10d-75 $15 off orders from $100 to $150 - scw15d-100 $25 off orders over $150 - scw25d-150 create virtual jewelry on your nintendo ds artbeads.com is happy to introduce style lab: jewelry design, a brand new nintendo ds game from ubisoft®. this entertaining game lets you design beautiful virtual jewelry using over 400 beads, pendants and charms based on products actually sold at artbeads.com. when you've finished your designs, you can choose to make them public for friends and family to see, and you can purchase them. that's where we come in! the talented jewelry designers at artbeads.com will bring your creations to life using components similar to those you chose within the game. a perfect gift idea this holiday season, style lab: jewelry design will help spread the joy of jewelry making to young and old alike! thanksgiving is just around the corner! thanksgiving is almost here! whether you want to create a beautiful necklace to wear that day or spruce up your table décor, we've got thanksgiving jewelry items and craft ideas to help you out. hurry, the big day is only two weeks away. holiday shipping schedule wondering what date you need to place an order by to get your jewelry supplies in time for the holidays? look no further than our holiday shipping schedule. there you'll find all the information you need to make sure your jewelry designs are wrapped and under the tree on christmas day. weekly specials offers good through 9am (pst) on thursday, november 19, 2009. russian artist pendants - up to 36% off! steel pendants (includes a free necklace) - up to 34% off! sterling silver beads - up to 28% off! bali clasps - up to 24% off! check out our new and featured products! new venetian coin and disk beads new gold and silver earwires new finished necklaces new enameled copper holiday pendants new priority shipping options check out these new ways to get your orders quickly without spending a fortune! free priority shipping and 24-hour turnaround on u.s. orders of $75 or more canada - fedex international priority - $15.99 flat rate international - fedex international priority - $19.99 flat rate fewer than 45 days until the holidays! with christmas, hanukkah and kwanzaa fast approaching, there is no better time to stock up on holiday-themed beading and jewelry supplies! whether you are making a beaded christmas tree ornament or a holiday-themed necklace, our collection of design ideas and holiday products will provide you with gorgeously festive results. receive the best discounts with our newsletter! sign up today to receive weekly newsletters from artbeads.com! with our email newsletters you'll receive special offers, new product introductions, exclusive coupons, free design ideas and news updates! go to the top right of the website to sign up!- november 10, 2009 - create virtual jewelry on your nintendo ds artbeads.com is happy to introduce style lab: jewelry design, a brand new nintendo ds game from ubisoft®. this entertaining game lets you design beautiful virtual jewelry using over 400 beads, pendants and charms based on products actually sold at artbeads.com. when you've finished your designs, you can choose to make them public for friends and family to see, and you can purchase them. that's where we come in! the talented jewelry designers at artbeads.com will bring your creations to life using components similar to those you chose within the game. a perfect gift idea this holiday season, style lab: jewelry design will help spread the joy of jewelry making to young and old alike! holiday items sale! for one week only, save 15% on a wide selection of christmas and hanukkah jewelry and craft products. whether you're creating a gift for a friend or designing a holiday piece, there is no better time to stock up. simply enter coupon code scw15p-his at checkout to take advantage of these savings. shop now! this sale ends at 9am (pst) on tuesday, november 17, 2009.- november 5, 2009 - dollar days sale this week only, artbeads.com has over 1,000 items for just $1.00. from seed beads and venetian glass to links and charms, this sale has a little bit of everything at prices too low to resist! shop now! this sale ends at 9am (pst) on thursday, november 12, 2009. veteran's day closure wednesday, november 11, is veteran's day. while we will remain open to process orders, the usps will not be providing service on this day. however, both ups and fedex will be providing service on that day. in order to ensure the speedy delivery of your orders, choose to have your orders shipped through ups or fedex. thanksgiving is just around the corner! thanksgiving is almost here! whether you want to create a beautiful necklace to wear that day or spruce up your table décor, we've got thanksgiving jewelry items and craft ideas to help you out. hurry, the big day is only three weeks away. holiday shipping schedule wondering what date you need to place an order by to get your jewelry supplies in time for the holidays? look no further than our holiday shipping schedule. there you'll find all the information you need to make sure your jewelry designs are wrapped and under the tree on christmas day. artbeads.com coupon save $10 on orders of $75 or more when you use coupon code scw10d-75 at checkout. coupon expires at 9am (pst) on thursday, november 12, 2009. only one coupon per order may be used. weekly specials offers good through 9am (pst) on thursday, november 12, 2009. gift items - up to 28% off freshwater pearls - up to 35% off venetian glass rounds - up to 35% off silver spacers - up to 45% off check out our new and featured products! new stone toggles new pewter bails gift bundles top selling swarovski items new priority shipping options check out these new ways to get your orders quickly without spending a fortune! free priority shipping and 24-hour turnaround on u.s. orders of $75 or more canada - fedex international priority - $15.99 flat rate international - fedex international priority - $19.99 flat rate 50 days until christmas! with christmas fast approaching, there is no better time to stock up on holiday-themed beading and jewelry supplies! whether you are making a beaded christmas tree ornament or a holiday-themed necklace, our collection of design ideas and holiday products will provide you with gorgeously festive results. receive the best discounts with our newsletter! sign up today to receive weekly newsletters from artbeads.com! with our email newsletters you'll receive special offers, new product introductions, exclusive coupons, free design ideas and news updates! go to the top right of the website to sign up!- november 3, 2009 - 48-hour sale for 48 hours only, shop more than 50 gemstone and pearl bead strands and pendants. these brand new treasures are sure to add natural elegance to your next jewelry design. shop now! these stunning items are available in very limited quantities and may not be available on our website ever again. this sale ends at 9am (pst) on thursday, november 5, 2009.- october 29, 2009 - pendants and charms sale save 15% on a large selection pendants and charms. from glass and metal, to animal and travel-themed, these stunning items will inspire thousands of designs. use them as focal pieces in necklaces, earrings or bracelets. no matter what you choose, at these prices you can't go wrong! just enter coupon code scw15p-pcs at checkout. shop now! this sale ends at 9am (pst) on thursday, november 5, 2009. black and red items sale! save 15% on select black and red jewelry components. whether you want to create a twilight®-themed piece of jewelry, or you simply love red and black, you're sure to be inspired by the items in this sale. from beads to links, crystals to necklaces, these stunning items will help you create beautiful jewelry for every occasion. simply enter coupon code scw15p-pcs at checkout. shop now! this sale ends at 9am (pst) on thursday, november 5, 2009. thanksgiving is just around the corner! thanksgiving is almost here! whether you want to create a beautiful necklace to wear that day or spruce up your table décor, we've got thanksgiving jewelry items and craft ideas to help you out. hurry, the big day is only four weeks away. holiday shipping schedule wondering what date you need to place an order by to get your jewelry supplies in time for the holidays? look no further than our holiday shipping schedule. there you'll find all the information you need to make sure your jewelry designs are wrapped and under the tree on christmas day. artbeads.com coupon save $5 on orders of $50 or more when you use coupon code scw5d-50 at checkout. coupon expires at 9am (pst) on thursday, november 5, 2009. only one coupon per order may be used. weekly specials offers good through 9am (pst) on thursday, november 5, 2009. twilight®-inspired items - up to 25% off bead bars & links - up to 27% off swarovski twist beads - up to 22% off jewelry kits - up to 25% off check out our new and featured products! new pewter toggles gold foil venetian glass beads new adjustable necklaces new czech glass beads new priority shipping options check out these new ways to get your orders quickly without spending a fortune! free priority shipping and 24-hour turnaround on u.s. orders of $75 or more canada - fedex international priority - $15.99 flat rate international - fedex international priority - $19.99 flat rate fewer than 60 days until the holidays! with the holidays fast approaching, there is no better time to stock up on holiday-themed beading and jewelry supplies! whether you are making a beaded christmas tree ornament or a holiday-themed necklace, our collection of design ideas and holiday products will provide you with gorgeously festive results. receive the best discounts with our newsletter! sign up today to receive weekly newsletters from artbeads.com! with our email newsletters you'll receive special offers, new product introductions, exclusive coupons, free design ideas and news updates! go to the top right of the website to sign up!- october 22, 2009 - glass harvest sale save up to 40% on more than 1,000 glass beads. from venetian glass rounds and pressed czech glass to cat's eye beads and artisan lampwork beads, these beautiful glass treasures are great additions to every beader's collection. at these prices you can't go wrong! shop now! this sale ends at 9am (pdt) on thursday, october 29, 2009. 36 new crystallized™ - swarovski elements innovations are here! we are proud to introduce new crystal mosaic pendants as well as new divine rock pendants. both are examples of the new trend in crystallized™ - swarovski elements which aims for a more natural crystal look. these stunning pendants are sure to become instant classics. holiday shipping schedule wondering what date you need to place an order by to get your jewelry supplies in time for the holidays? look no further than our holiday shipping schedule. there you'll find all the information you need to make sure your jewelry designs are wrapped and under the tree on christmas day. it's not too late for halloween jewelry! halloween is just around the corner. while your children are busy preparing their tricks, you can make some beautiful halloween treats with our halloween-themed beads and components. check out our collection of halloween design ideas for tips on how to create unique halloween jewelry and crafts. artbeads.com coupon save 5% on orders of $75 or more when you use coupon code scw5p-75 at checkout. coupon expires at 9am (pdt) on thursday, october 29, 2009. only one coupon per order may be used. weekly specials offers good through 9am (pdt) on thursday, october 29, 2009. swarovski crystal cubes - up to 23% off earring components - up to 30% off magnetic beads - up to 47% off gold-filled head & eye pins - up to 26% off check out our new and featured products! new cubic zirconia beads new swarovski innovations new pewter links new pewter picture frames beader's showcase treasure hunt! take part in our new treasure hunt to win a $100 artbeads.com gift card! we are proud to sponsor this treasure hunt for beader's showcase, an online jewelry design community. one special image containing a compass and a secret word is hidden on artbeads.com and another is placed on the beader's showcase website! for a chance to win, visit beader's showcase! new priority shipping options check out these new ways to get your orders quickly without spending a fortune! free priority shipping and 24-hour turnaround on u.s. orders of $75 or more canada - fedex international priority - $15.99 flat rate international - fedex international priority - $19.99 flat rate fewer than 65 days until christmas! with christmas fast approaching, there is no better time to stock up on holiday-themed beading and jewelry supplies! whether you are making a beaded christmas tree ornament or a holiday-themed necklace, our collection of design ideas and holiday products will provide you with gorgeously festive results. receive the best discounts with our newsletter! sign up today to receive weekly newsletters from artbeads.com! with our email newsletters you'll receive special offers, new product introductions, exclusive coupons, free design ideas and news updates! go to the top right of the website to sign up! jewel day jubilee sale for one week only, all gemstones are 15% off during our jewel day jubilee sale. adding natural beauty to your designs has never been so easy and affordable. from jade and agate to turquoise and amethyst, you'll find a wide variety of stones in a range of shapes and sizes. to receive these savings enter coupon code scw15p-jjs at checkout. shop today! this sale ends at 9am (pdt) on thursday, march 18, 2010. even more swarovski innovations have arrived! we are proud to introduce even more new styles of swarovski spring/summer 2011 innovations! we have two new crystal colors - fern green and provence lavender - along with the new crystal lavender pearl color, captivating fusion ceramics and several new styles that are sure to excite and inspire you. these new products are some of the most fascinating creations we've seen in recent years! keep checking back as we will be adding dozens of additional styles that are sure to make your designs sparkle! easter is just around the corner! easter is less than one month away, leaving you just enough time to create a beautiful jewelry design. whether you're looking for pastel beads or cross charms, you'll find everything easter-related on one, easy-to-navigate page. we also have a fun collection of easter jewelry designs and craft ideas. hurry! the big day is almost here! artbeads.com bead blog forum beading is a unique art form intended to be shared. for this reason, we've created the artbeads.com bead blog forum. this forum is a wonderful location to share your triumphs, confusions and helpful hints as they relate to your beading. have a question about seed beading techniques or a tip to help beginning beaders get started? this forum is your outlet. becoming a registered member of the artbeads.com bead blog forum allows to you instantly become an involved member of the beading community. artbeads.com coupon save 5% on orders of $75 or more when you use coupon code scw5p-75 at checkout. coupon expires at 9am (pdt) on thursday, march 18, 2010. only one coupon per order may be used. weekly specials offers good through 9am (pdt) on thursday, march 18, 2010. seed beads - up 36% off sterling silver beads - up to 31% off lampwork beads- up to 34% off pewter clasps - up to 28% off check out our new and featured products! sports charms new base metal chain new tucson treasures new freshwater pearls receive the best discounts with our newsletter! sign up today to receive weekly newsletters from artbeads.com! with our email newsletters you'll receive special offers, new product introductions, exclusive coupons, free design ideas and news updates! go to the top right of the website to sign up!- march 5, 2010 - swarovski innovations are here! we are proud to introduce over 100 new styles of swarovski spring/summer 2011 innovations! we have two new crystal colors - fern green and provence lavender - along with the new crystal lavender pearl color, the reintroduction of the white opal color, the ceramics fusion crystals and several new styles. keep checking back as we will be adding dozens of additional styles that are sure to make your designs sparkle!- march 4, 2010 - march madness dollar days sale for one week only, artbeads.com has more than 2,000 of our most popular products on sale for only $1.00! from swarovski crystal and seed beads to hill tribe silver and pewter charms, the march madness dollar days sale has a little bit of everything with prices too low to resist. shop now! the march madness sale ends at 9am (pst) on march 11, 2010. artist celebration sale we're celebrating the artistry of jewelry making, by giving you 15% off artist jewelry supplies during our artist celebration sale. from hand-painted stoneware and procelain to hand-crafted bronze and resin pendants, these items are all beautiful works of art. to celebrate these artists' work and receive these savings, enter coupon code scw15p-acs at checkout. shop now! this sale ends at 9am (pst) on tuesday, march 9, 2010. swarovski innovations coming soon! the crystallized™ - swarovski elements spring 2011 innovations will be here soon! the latest edition of innovations includes two brand new colors - fern green and provence lavender - and new ceramic-inspired crystals. new shapes include chessboard circle flatbacks, a cosmic square ring, wing-shaped crystals, a baroque pearl and much more. take a sneak preview of the spring 2011 innovations, so that you'll be ready to order once they arrive. keep checking back to be the first to order these gorgeous new crystals as soon as we have them in stock! last chance to enter the artbeads.com's 10th anniversary sweepstakes thursday, march 4 is the last day to enter for your chance to win a $1,000 artbeads.com shopping spree as part of artbeads.com's 10th anniversary celebration. enter yourself today in artbeads.com's 10th anniversary sweepstakes for a chance to win this incredible prize. this sweepstakes runs through thursday, march 4, 2010, at 11:59pm (pst), and is open to united states and canadian residents (excluding quebec) over the age of 18. artbeads.com bead blog forum beading is a unique art form intended to be shared. for this reason, we've created the artbeads.com bead blog forum. this forum is a wonderful location to share your triumphs, confusions and helpful hints as they relate to your beading. have a question about the best seed beading techniques or a tip to help beginning beaders get started? this forum is your outlet. becoming a registered member of the artbeads.com bead blog forum allows to you instantly become an involved member of the beading community. weekly specials offers good through 9am (pst) on thursday, march 11, 2010. toggles - up 34% off rivolis - up to 27% off gemstones - up to 30% off celtic items - up to 36% off check out our new and featured products! new griffin silk new stoneware pendants new venetian glass new paua cabochons receive the best discounts with our newsletter! sign up today to receive weekly newsletters from artbeads.com! with our email newsletters you'll receive special offers, new product introductions, exclusive coupons, free design ideas and news updates! go to the top right of the website to sign up!- march 2, 2010 - artist celebration sale we're celebrating the artistry of jewelry making, by giving you 15% off artist jewelry supplies during our artist celebration sale. from hand-painted stoneware and procelain to hand-crafted bronze and resin pendants, these items are all beautiful works of art. to celebrate these artists' work and receive these savings, enter coupon code scw15p-acs at checkout. shop now! this sale ends at 9am (pst) on tuesday, march 9, 2010. - february 25, 2010 - st. patrick's day sale for one week only, everything you need to create beautiful st. patrick's day jewelry is 10% off. from green beads, crystals and pearls to four leaf clover charms and celtic-inspired items, this sale features more than 2,500 items. enter coupon code scw10p-sps to take advantage of these savings. hurry! this sale ends at 9am (pst) on thursday, march 4, 2010. swarovski innovations coming soon! the crystallized™ - swarovski elements spring 2011 innovations will be here soon! the latest edition of innovations includes three brand new colors and new ceramic-inspired crystals. the three new colors are all part of a nature inspired palette, and include a bright fern green, a subtle provence lavender, and an icy white opal shade. new shapes include chessboard circle flatbacks, a cosmic square ring, a wing-shaped crystals, a baroque pearl and much more. for a sneak preview of the spring 2011 innovations, please visit our blog. keep checking back to be the first to order these gorgeous new crystals as soon as we have them in stock! order your use the muse iv kit today! scarlett lanson's use the muse iv contest is just around the corner. order your kit today for $35, plus shipping and handling, and enter yourself in this exciting beading competition. this unique contest asks designers to create a wearable piece of art inspired by a mystery muse component. to complement the muse component, scarlett chose a variety of seed beads and swarovski crystals as well as gemstones, roundels, leather and a wooden link. this contest is extremely popular and kits will sell out, so order yours today! more information on the use the muse contest can be found here. artbeads.com's 10th anniversary sweepstakes to celebrate the 10th anniversary of artbeads.com, we're giving you the opportunity to win a $1,000 artbeads.com shopping spree. simply enter the artbeads.com's 10th anniversary sweepstakes to be registered for this incredible prize. this sweepstakes runs through thursday, march 4, 2010 at 11:59pm (pst), and is open to united states and canadian residents (excluding quebec) over the age of 18. artbeads.com bead blog forum beading is a unique art form intended to be shared. for this reason, we've created the artbeads.com bead blog forum. this forum is a wonderful location to share your triumphs, confusions and helpful hints as they relate to your beading. have a question about the best seed beading techniques or a tip to help beginning beaders get started? this forum is your outlet. becoming a registered member of the artbeads.com bead blog forum allows to you instantly become an involved member of the beading community. artbeads.com coupon save 10% on orders of $50 or more when you use coupon code scw10p-50 at checkout. coupon expires at 9am (pst) on thursday, march 4, 2010. only one coupon per order may be used. weekly specials offers good through 9am (pst) on thursday, march 4, 2010. hill tribe silver pendants - up to 26% off venetian glass - up to 29% off flowers - up to 28% off bead frames - up to 29% off check out our new and featured products! new tierracast® new seed beads new swarovski crystals new pewter toggles receive the best discounts with our newsletter! sign up today to receive weekly newsletters from artbeads.com! with our email newsletters you'll receive special offers, new product introductions, exclusive coupons, free design ideas and news updates! go to the top right of the website to sign up!- february 18, 2010 - findings fiesta sale for one week only, save 15% on jewelry components you use every day during our findings fiesta sale. from bead caps and bails to links and head pins, this sale includes all of those items you can't live without. to take advantage of these great savings, simply enter coupon code scw15p-ffs at checkout. shop today! this sale ends at 9am (pst) on thursday, february 25, 2010. pre-order your use the muse iv kit today! the use the muse iv contest is just around the corner. pre-order your kit today at the special pre-order price of $30, plus shipping and handling, and enter yourself in this exciting beading competition. this unique contest asks designers to create a wearable piece of art inspired by a mystery muse component. to complement the muse component, scarlett chose a variety of seed beads and swarovski crystals as well as gemstones, roundels, leather and wooden links. this contest is extremely popular and kits will sell out, so order yours today! the pre-order period ends on thursday, february 25, 2010 and after that, the price of the kit will increase to $35. more information on the use the muse contest can be found here. swarovski innovations coming soon! the crystallized™ -swarovski elements spring 2011 innovations will be here soon! the latest edition of innovations includes three brand new colors and new ceramic-inspired crystals. the three new colors are all part of a nature inspired palette, and include a bright fern green, a subtle provence lavender, and an icy white opal shade. new shapes include chessboard circle flatbacks, a cosmic square ring, a wing-shaped crystals, a baroque pearl and much more. for a sneak preview of the spring 2011 innovations, please visit our blog. keep checking back to be the first to order these gorgeous new crystals as soon as we have them in stock! artbeads.com's 10th anniversary sweepstakes to celebrate the 10th anniversary of artbeads.com, we're giving you the opportunity to win a $1,000 artbeads.com shopping spree. simply enter the artbeads.com's 10th anniversary sweepstakes to be registered for this incredible prize. this sweepstakes runs through thursday, march 4, 2010 at 11:59pm (pst), and is open to united states and canadian residents (excluding quebec) over the age of 18. artbeads.com bead blog forum beading is a unique art form intended to be shared. for this reason, we've created the artbeads.com bead blog forum. this forum is a wonderful location to share your triumphs, confusions and helpful hints as they relate to your beading. have a question about the best seed beading techniques or a tip to help beginning beaders get started? this forum is your outlet. becoming a registered member of the artbeads.com bead blog forum allows to you instantly become an involved member of the beading community. artbeads.com coupon save $5 on orders of $50 or more when you use coupon code scw5d-50 at checkout. coupon expires at 9am (pst) on thursday, february 25, 2010. only one coupon per order may be used. weekly specials offers good through 9am (pst) on thursday, february 25, 2010. swarovski sew-ons & buttons - up to 33% off wood pendants - up to 33% off oval beads - up to 35% off copper pendants- up to 24% off check out our new and featured products! new bulk chain new single stone settings new murano glass toggles new taina hartman pendants receive the best discounts with our newsletter! sign up today to receive weekly newsletters from artbeads.com! with our email newsletters you'll receive special offers, new product introductions, exclusive coupons, free design ideas and news updates! go to the top right of the website to sign up!- february 16, 2010 - presidents day sale for one week only save up to 15% storewide with the presidents day sale. the more you shop the more you save! start today, and pick up everything you need to create gorgeous works of art. these fantastic savings end at 9am (pst) on thursday, february 18, 2010. the individual values and coupon codes are listed below. 5% off orders between $25 and $50 - scw5p-pds 10% on orders between $50 and $75 - scw10p-pds 15% on orders of $75 or more - scw15p-pds free first-class shipping to canada artbeads.com is offering free first-class shipping to canada for one week only. this fantastic offer is available on any order with no minimum purchase. shop today! these savings end at 9am (pst) on thursday, february 18, 2010. check out our ltd section! have you browsed our limited edition items lately? we continue to add new and exciting limited edition items on a regular basis. don't miss out on this exciting section that contains pearls, czech glass, gemstones and much more. these items are available in very limited quantities and may not be available on our website ever again. these items are all of the highest quality and sure to sell quickly, so shop today. philanthropy artbeads.com recognizes that we can help make a difference in our world and continues to dedicate a percentage of our profits to help our community. for every order that is placed, artbeads.com will make a contribution to one of our favorite charities. with the significant number of orders placed every day, these donations quickly add up, and we are confident our increased efforts will continue to benefit many of our neighbors, both near and far. for more information, please click here. artbeads.com's 10th anniversary sweepstakes to celebrate the 10th anniversary of artbeads.com, we're giving you the opportunity to win a $1,000 artbeads.com shopping spree. simply enter the artbeads.com's 10th anniversary sweepstakes to be registered for this incredible prize. this sweepstakes runs through thursday, march 4, 2010 at 11:59pm (pst), and is open to united states and canadian residents (excluding quebec) over the age of 18. artbeads.com bead blog forum beading is a unique art form intended to be shared. for this reason, we've created the artbeads.com bead blog forum. this forum is a wonderful location to share your triumphs, confusions and helpful hints as they relate to your beading. have a question about the best seed beading techniques or a tip to help beginning beaders get started? this forum is your outlet. becoming a registered member of the artbeads.com bead blog forum allows to you instantly become an involved member of the beading community. weekly specials offers good through 9am (pst) on thursday, february 18, 2010. winter sports charms - up 26% off mardi gras beads - up to 29% off tin boxes - up to 26% off glass peacock beads- up to 31% off check out our new and featured products! new pewter links new paua cabochons new silk necklaces new buttons receive the best discounts with our newsletter! sign up today to receive weekly newsletters from artbeads.com! with our email newsletters you'll receive special offers, new product introductions, exclusive coupons, free design ideas and news updates! go to the top right of the website to sign up!- february 4, 2010 - medal mania sale for one week only save 15% on select gold, silver and bronze items. the medal mania sale is your opportunity to stock up on precious metal components from gold spacer beads and sterling silver chain to bronze pendants and hill tribe silver toggles. take advantage of these savings by entering coupon code scw15p-mms at checkout. hurry! this sale ends at 9am (pst) on thursday, february 11, 2010. fun facts did you know that ancient egyptians believed inflammation could be cured with copper, or that you can make a 60-mile wire out of a single ounce of gold? we've got these and many other entertaining pieces of information included in our newly updated fun facts section. from the history of beads and jewelry to the science and composition of gemstones, these interesting tidbits provide an interesting and entertaining look at the world of beads! philanthropy artbeads.com recognizes that we can help make a difference in our world and continues to dedicate a percentage of our profits to help our community. for every order that is placed, artbeads.com will make a contribution to one of our favorite charities. with the significant number of orders placed every day, these donations quickly add up, and we are confident our increased efforts will continue to benefit many of our neighbors, both near and far. for more information, please click here. artbeads.com's 10th anniversary sweepstakes to celebrate the 10th anniversary of artbeads.com, we're giving you the opportunity to win a $1,000 artbeads.com shopping spree. simply enter the artbeads.com's 10th anniversary sweepstakes to be registered for this incredible prize. this sweepstakes runs through thursday, march 4, 2010 at 11:59pm (pst), and is open to united states and canadian residents (excluding quebec) over the age of 18. artbeads.com bead blog forum beading is a unique art form intended to be shared. for this reason, we've created the artbeads.com bead blog forum. this forum is a wonderful location to share your triumphs, confusions and helpful hints as they relate to your beading. have a question about the best seed beading techniques or a tip to help beginning beaders get started? this forum is your outlet. becoming a registered member of the artbeads.com bead blog forum allows to you instantly become an involved member of the beading community. artbeads.com coupon save $5 on orders of $50 or more when you use coupon code scw5d-50 at checkout. coupon expires at 9am (pst) on thursday, february 11, 2010. only one coupon per order may be used. weekly specials offers good through 9am (pst) on thursday, february 11, 2010. sterling silver beads - up 32% off swarovski pendants - up to 30% off sterling silver clasps - up to 28% off seed beads - up to 33% off check out our new and featured products! new cat & dog pendants new stoneware cubes & tubes new bead tips new swarovski crystals receive the best discounts with our newsletter! sign up today to receive weekly newsletters from artbeads.com! with our email newsletters you'll receive special offers, new product introductions, exclusive coupons, free design ideas and news updates! go to the top right of the website to sign up!- february 2, 2010 - sweetheart sale shop the sweetheart sale to save 15% on all orders of $60 or more storewide. with this fantastic discount, there is no better time to stock up on everything you will need for valentine's day! to receive these savings, enter coupon code scw15p-shs at checkout. shop now as items cannot be backordered! the sweetheart sale ends at 9am (pst) on thursday, february 4, 2010. our email newsletter subscribers receive a 20% discount with the sweetheart sale. sign up today to start saving! 48-hour gemstone sale shop the 48-hour gemstone sale to enjoy great savings on dozens of high-quality gemstone strands ranging from botswana agate ovals to amethyst chips. you'll love to incorporate the natural beauty of these gorgeous stones in your designs. these gemstones are available in extremely limited quantities and may never be available on our website again, so shop now before it's too late! shop now as items cannot be backordered! the sweetheart sale ends at 9am (pst) on thursday, february 4, 2010.- january 28, 2010 - sweetheart sale shop the sweetheart sale to save 15% on all orders of $60 or more storewide. with this fantastic discount, there is no better time to stock up on everything you will need for valentine�s day! to receive these savings, enter coupon code scw15p-shs at checkout. shop now as items cannot be backordered! the sweetheart sale ends at 9am (pst) on tuesday, february 2, 2010. our email newsletter subscribers receive a 20% discount with the sweetheart sale. sign up today to start saving! photo stand handy tip video learn how to make a fun photo stand using metallite™ beads and seed beads with our new handy tip video. each vintage-inspired stand can be customized to accent the photo you'll be placing on top, and they would even make stunning place card holders for an elegant dinner party. philanthropy artbeads.com recognizes that we can help make a difference in our world and continues to dedicate a percentage of our profits to help our community. for every order that is placed, artbeads.com will make a contribution to one of our favorite charities. with the significant number of orders placed every day, these donations quickly add up, and we are confident our increased efforts will continue to benefit many of our neighbors, both near and far. for more information, please click here. artbeads.com's 10th anniversary sweepstakes to celebrate the 10th anniversary of artbeads.com, we're giving you the opportunity to win a $1,000 artbeads.com shopping spree. simply enter the artbeads.com's 10th anniversary sweepstakes to be registered for this incredible prize. this sweepstakes runs through thursday, march 4, 2010 at 11:59pm (pst), and is open to united states and canadian residents (excluding quebec) over the age of 18. artbeads.com bead blog forum beading is a unique art form intended to be shared. for this reason, we've created the artbeads.com bead blog forum. this forum is a wonderful location to share your triumphs, confusions and helpful hints as they relate to your beading. have a question about the best seed beading techniques or a tip to help beginning beaders get started? this forum is your outlet. becoming a registered member of the artbeads.com bead blog forum allows to you instantly become an involved member of the beading community. artbeads.com coupon save 5% on orders of $30 or more when you use coupon code scw5p-30 at checkout. coupon expires at 9am (pst) on thursday, february 4, 2010. only one coupon per order may be used. weekly specials offers good through 9am (pst) on thursday, february 4, 2010. bali beads - up 31% off links - up to 29% off glass beads - up to 28% off findings - up to 32% off check out our new and featured products! new gold-filled chain new lampwork beads bronze pendants new venetian glass receive the best discounts with our newsletter! sign up today to receive weekly newsletters from artbeads.com! with our email newsletters you'll receive special offers, new product introductions, exclusive coupons, free design ideas and news updates! go to the top right of the website to sign up!- january 21, 2010 - love is in the air sale save 15% on all valentine's day beads and charms during the love is in the air sale. this sale includes everything you need to make your sweetheart feel special, from heart-shaped beads and charms to pink pearls and red rhinestones. to take advantage of these savings enter coupon code scw15p-vdt at checkout. valentine's day is just around the corner, so shop today! this sale ends at 9am (pst) on thursday, january 28, 2010. tierracast® sale for one week only save 15% on all tierracast® pewter, including the brand new line of viva mexicana beads and charms. this sale includes pendants, charms, alphabet beads, bead frames and much more. all tierracast® items are made from 100% lead-free pewter and come in a variety of coatings, including copper, gold and silver. simply enter coupon code scw15p-vdt at checkout to receive these savings. hurry! this sale ends at 9am (pst) on thursday, january 28, 2010. artbeads.com's 10th anniversary sweepstakes to celebrate the 10th anniversary of artbeads.com, we're giving you the opportunity to win a $1,000 artbeads.com shopping spree. simply enter the artbeads.com's 10th anniversary sweepstakes to be registered for this incredible prize. this sweepstakes runs through thursday, march 4, 2010 at 11:59pm (pst), and is open to united states and canadian residents (excluding quebec) over the age of 18. artbeads.com bead blog forum beading is a unique art form intended to be shared. for this reason, we've created the artbeads.com bead blog forum. this forum is a wonderful location to share your triumphs, confusions and helpful hints as they relate to your beading. have a question about the best seed beading techniques or a tip to help beginning beaders get started? this forum is your outlet. becoming a registered member of the artbeads.com bead blog forum allows to you instantly become an involved member of the beading community. artbeads.com's treasure chest giveaway enter for a chance to win a mystery treasure chest full of stunning beads and jewelry supplies from artbeads.com. a new item contained in the treasure chest will be revealed to the public every week until the winner is announced. visit the artbeads.com facebook page, click on the sweepstakes tab and enter your contact information before 11:59 pm (pst) wednesday, january 27, 2010, to enter yourself in this exciting contest. this contest is open to united states and canadian residents (excluding quebec) over the age of 18. artbeads.com coupon save 5% on orders of $40 or more when you use coupon code scw5p-40 at checkout. coupon expires at 9am (pst) on thursday, january, 28, 2010. only one coupon per order may be used. weekly specials offers good through 9am (pst) on thursday, january 28, 2010. hotfix rhinestones - up 31% off gemstones - up to 34% off bali clasps - up to 25% off charms & pendants - up to 31% off check out our new and featured products! new glass pendants new resin cameos new cz faceted rectangles new stringing material receive the best discounts with our newsletter! sign up today to receive weekly newsletters from artbeads.com! with our email newsletters you'll receive special offers, new product introductions, exclusive coupons, free design ideas and news updates! go to the top right of the website to sign up!- january 19, 2010 -new tierracast® pewter you'll find a wide range of components to startle and delight you in tierracast®'s new viva mexicana pewter line. dancing skeletons and grinning skulls provide unique elements for mexican-themed events and designs, as well as for the famous hispanic celebration known as the day of the dead. these charms and links are mixed in with other components that hold special cultural meaning and religious significance, such as an ornate cross and the our lady link. take a look to see what captures your interest.- january 19, 2010 -new tierracast® pewter you'll find a wide range of components to startle and delight you in tierracast®'s new viva mexicana pewter line. dancing skeletons and grinning skulls provide unique elements for mexican-themed events and designs, as well as for the famous hispanic celebration known as the day of the dead. these charms and links are mixed in with other components that hold special cultural meaning and religious significance, such as an ornate cross and the our lady link. take a look to see what captures your interest.- january 14, 2010 - customer appreciation sale shop the customer appreciation sale to enjoy our best prices storewide! our products are available at large volume discounts, regardless of the quantity you purchase. buy one bead and get the same discount you would if you had purchased hundreds! this sale is our way of thanking our customers for 10 years of impressive support. shop now! the customer appreciation sale ends at 9am (pst) on thursday, january 21, 2010. mlk day shipping monday, january 18, 2010, is martin luther king jr. day. while we will remain open to process orders, the usps will not be providing service on this day. however, both ups and fedex will be providing service on that day. in order to ensure the speedy delivery of your orders, choose to have your orders shipped through ups or fedex. artbeads.com's 10th anniversary sweepstakes to celebrate the 10th anniversary of artbeads.com, we're giving you the opportunity to win a $1,000 artbeads.com shopping spree. simply enter the artbeads.com's 10th anniversary sweepstakes to be registered for this incredible prize. this sweepstakes runs through thursday, march 4, 2010 at 11:59pm (pst), and is open to united states and canadian residents (excluding quebec) over the age of 18. artbeads.com bead blog forum beading is a unique art form intended to be shared. for this reason, we've created the artbeads.com bead blog forum. this forum is a wonderful location to share your triumphs, confusions and helpful hints as they relate to your beading. have a question about the best seed beading techniques or a tip to help beginning beaders get started? this forum is your outlet. becoming a registered member of the artbeads.com bead blog forum allows to you instantly become an involved member of the beading community. artbeads.com's treasure chest giveaway enter for a chance to win a mystery treasure chest full of stunning beads and jewelry supplies from artbeads.com. a new item contained in the treasure chest will be revealed to the public every week until the winner is announced. visit the artbeads.com facebook page, click on the sweepstakes tab and enter your contact information before 11:59 pm (pst) wednesday, january 27, 2010, to enter yourself in this exciting contest. this contest is open to united states and canadian residents (excluding quebec) over the age of 18. weekly specials offers good through 9am (pst) on thursday, january 21, 2010. gold-filled rounds - up 28% off bead frames - up to 26% off paua pendants - up to 28% off silver chain - up to 31% off check out our new and featured products! new stoneware pendants new pewter links new swarovski crystals new porcelain beads & pendants receive the best discounts with our newsletter! sign up today to receive weekly newsletters from artbeads.com! with our email newsletters you'll receive special offers, new product introductions, exclusive coupons, free design ideas and news updates! go to the top right of the website to sign up!- january 7, 2010 - artbeads.com's 10th anniversary sweepstakes to celebrate the 10th anniversary of artbeads.com, we're giving you the opportunity to win a $1,000 artbeads.com shopping spree. simply enter the artbeads.com 10th anniversary sweepstakes to be registered for this incredible prize. this sweepstakes runs through thursday, march 4, 2010 at 11:59pm (pst), and is open to united states and canadian residents (excluding quebec) over the age of 18. spring/summer fashion trends keep your jewelry designs up to date by learning about upcoming fashion trends. global fusion and midsummer's night, the two big trends for spring and summer 2010, are full of bold colors, cultural influences and nature-themed components. whether you're looking to increase your sales or just want to keep your wardrobe up to date, these trends will help you make memorable designs heading into the warmer months. artbeads.com bead blog forum beading is a unique art form intended to be shared. for this reason, we've created the artbeads.com bead blog forum. this forum is a wonderful location to share your triumphs, confusions and helpful hints as they relate to your beading. have a question about the best seed beading techniques or a tip to help beginning beaders get started? this forum is your outlet. becoming a registered member of the artbeads.com bead blog forum allows to you instantly become an involved member of the beading community. artbeads.com's treasure chest giveaway starting at 10 am (pst) on monday, december 28, you can register to win a mystery treasure chest full of stunning beads and jewelry supplies from artbeads.com. a new item contained in the treasure chest will be revealed to the public every week until the winner is announced. visit the artbeads.com facebook page, click on the sweepstakes tab and enter your contact information before 11:59 pm (pst) wednesday, january 27, 2010, to enter yourself in this exciting contest. this contest is open to united states and canadian residents (excluding quebec) over the age of 18. artbeads.com coupon save $10 on orders of $75 or more when you use coupon code scw10d-75 at checkout. coupon expires at 9am (pst) on thursday, january 14, 2010. only one coupon per order may be used. weekly specials offers good through 9am (pst) on thursday, january 14, 2010. sterling silver earwires - up 30% off bead caps - up to 33% off tools & supplies - up to 24% off swarovski galactic pendants - up to 23% off check out our new and featured products! new base metal chain new cross charms new murano glass toggles new hill tribe silver receive the best discounts with our newsletter! sign up today to receive weekly newsletters from artbeads.com! with our email newsletters you'll receive special offers, new product introductions, exclusive coupons, free design ideas and news updates! go to the top right of the website to sign up!- january 5, 2010 - artbeads.com's 10th anniversary sale to celebrate artbeads.com's 10th anniversary, we're passing the savings on to you, our valued customers. for one week only, save 25% on 10 of our most popular jewelry categories. this incredible sale includes swarovski crystals, freshwater pearls, cubic zirconia, glass pendants and other high-quality jewelry and craft supplies. to receive these savings, enter coupon code scw25p-10a at checkout. hurry! this sale ends at 9am (pst) on tuesday, january 12, 2010. thank you for supporting us throughout the past 10 years, and we look forward to another 10.- december 28, 2009 - end of the year clearance sale save big during the artbeads.com end of the year clearance sale. from limited edition gemstones and pearls to vintage swarovski items, you'll find a large collection of high quality jewelry supplies at rock bottom prices. this sale is a great chance to stock up on jewelry supplies for the new year. shop now! these great savings end at 9am (pst) on thursday, january 7, 2010. artbeads.com bead blog forum beading is a unique art form intended to be shared. for this reason, we've created the artbeads.com bead blog forum. this forum is a wonderful location to share your triumphs, confusions and helpful hints as they relate to your beading. have a question about the best seed beading techniques or a tip to help beginning beaders get started? this forum is your outlet. becoming a registered member of the artbeads.com bead blog forum allows to you instantly become an involved member of the beading community. artbeads.com's treasure chest giveaway starting at 10 am (pst) on monday, december 28, you can register to win a mystery treasure chest full of stunning beads and jewelry supplies from artbeads.com. a new item contained in the treasure chest will be revealed to the public every week until the winner is announced. visit the artbeads.com facebook page, click on the sweepstakes tab and enter your contact information before 11:59 pm (pst) wednesday, january 27, 2010, to enter yourself in this exciting contest. this contest is open to united states and canadian residents (excluding quebec) over the age of 18. glue pad handy tip creating a priceless treasure is easy with our new heart bail glue pads, so we've created a useful handy tip to help teach the simple techniques needed to use this fun new product. you'll be amazed at the results you'll achieve with a few easy-to-use components. artbeads.com new year's day closing in recognition of the holiday, artbeads.com will be closed and will not process any orders on friday, january 1, 2010. we will only be open until noon on thursday, december 31, 2009. orders must be placed by 9am on this day to be processed. please keep this in mind when placing orders to ensure that your items arrive when you need them. artbeads.com coupon save 10% on orders of $50 or more when you use coupon code scw10p-50 at checkout. coupon expires at 9am (pst) on thursday, january 7, 2010. only one coupon per order may be used. weekly specials offers good through 9am (pst) on thursday, january 7, 2010. tierracast® spacers - up 39% off enamel pendants - up to 22% off sterling silver chains - up to 26% off delica seed beads - up to 29% off check out our new and featured products! new venetian glass cubes new bails & glue pad bails new base metal clasps new lampwork beads receive the best discounts with our newsletter! sign up today to receive weekly newsletters from artbeads.com! with our email newsletters you'll receive special offers, new product introductions, exclusive coupons, free design ideas and news updates! go to the top right of the website to sign up!- december 21, 2009 - save 15% on all swarovski crystals! save 15% on our entire selection of swarovski crystals just in time to add some glamour to your new year's eve jewelry and fashion. from pendants and bicones to flatbacks and sew-on crystals, swarovski crystals are world renowned for their high quality and remarkable beauty. take advantage of this great deal by entering coupon code scw15p-sbm at checkout. hurry! these great deals end at 9am (pst) on monday, december 28, 2009. save 15% on all base metal for one week only, save 15% on all base metal jewelry supplies. these great jewelry making essentials range from chain and jump rings to pendants and charms and come in a variety of finishes, from gold to gunmetal. since base metal is already an economical choice, you can't afford to miss out on these terrific savings. enter coupon code scw15p-sbm at checkout to take advantage of this sale. shop now! these savings end at 9am (pst) on monday, december 28, 2009. the use the muse iii contest big reveal is here! the muse component in scarlett lanson�s use the muse iii contest has been revealed, along with the winning designs. visit the use the muse website to see which component inspired dozens of beautiful designs. this year's competition was truly an international affair, with designers representing 37 states as well as 13 other countries. artbeads.com once again sponsored this innovative and creative beading competition which asked designers to create a wearable piece of art highlighting a mystery muse component. submissions were judged on their creative use of the kit provided and how well they utilized the muse component, as well as quality and artistic merit. artbeads.com holiday cheer giveaway don't miss your chance to enter the artbeads.com holiday cheer giveaway. it's an opportunity for you to win a $100 artbeads.com gift card that you can redeem for high quality beads and jewelry supplies. to become eligible, all you have to do is become a fan of artbeads.com on facebook, click on the sweepstakes tab and enter your contact information. you must enter by 11:59 pm (pst) on december 20, 2009 for your chance to win. the winner will be announced on monday, december 21, 2009. invite your friends and family to enter as well. follow artbeads.com to connect with other beaders and to keep up with artbeads.com's latest specials. artbeads.com holiday closures in recognition of the holiday season, artbeads.com will be closed and will not process any orders on friday, december 25, or friday, january 1. we will only be open until noon on thursday, december 24 and thursday, december 31. orders must be placed by 9am on these days to be processed. please keep this in mind when placing orders in order to ensure that your items arrive when you need them. artbeads.com coupon save $5 on orders of $50 or more when you use coupon code scw5d-50 at checkout. coupon expires at 9am (pst) on monday, december 28, 2009. only one coupon per order may be used. weekly specials offers good through 9am (pst) on monday, december 28, 2009. swarovski 5000 rounds - up 30% off sterling silver toggles - up to 27% off artbeads.com promotional items - up to 50% off venetian glass beads - 28% off check out our new and featured products! new lampwork beads new hill tribe silver new tierracast® pewter new swarovski innovations holiday shipping schedule wondering by what date you need to place an order to get your jewelry supplies in time for the holidays? look no further than our holiday shipping schedule. there you'll find all the information you need to make sure your jewelry designs are wrapped and under the tree on christmas day. only one week until christmas! with the holidays fast approaching, there is no better time to stock up on holiday-themed beading and jewelry supplies! whether you are making a beaded christmas tree ornament or a holiday-themed necklace, our collection of design ideas and holiday products will provide you with gorgeously festive results. receive the best discounts with our newsletter! sign up today to receive weekly newsletters from artbeads.com! with our email newsletters you'll receive special offers, new product introductions, exclusive coupons, free design ideas and news updates! go to the top right of the website to sign up!- december 15, 2009 - 25% off all seed beads and czech glass for a limited time, save 25% on our entire selection of czech glass and seed beads! from fire-polished nuggets and druks to tohos and delicas, these glass beads are essentials for any jewelry maker. take advantage of this fantastic offer by entering coupon code scw25p-csb at checkout. shop now! these savings end at 9am (pst) on monday, december 21, 2009.- december 10, 2009 - 50% off more than 2,000 items you'll find amazing deals on products ranging from base metal components and czech glass beads to swarovski rhinestones and hill tribe silver. this sale is a great way to stock up for christmas, so make sure to purchase your favorite pieces now as backorders will not be allowed on these items! the sale ends at 9am (pst) on tuesday, december 15, 2009. save 15% on all pendants for one week only, save 15% on all pendants. from murano glass to sterling silver, swarovski crystal to stoneware, these pendants are sure to inspire beautiful jewelry designs. to receive these great savings simply enter coupon code scw15p-pen at checkout. this sale ends at 9am (pst) on thursday, december 17, 2009. countdown to the use the muse iii contest big reveal the mystery component in scarlett lanson's use the muse iii contest will be revealed along with the winning designs on december 17. see which of the more than 150 designs were honored in this innovative and creative contest. artbeads.com is proud to sponsor this wonderful beading competition which provides inspiration for so many jewelry designers. artbeads.com holiday cheer giveaway enter the artbeads.com holiday cheer giveaway for your chance to win a $100 artbeads.com gift card that you can redeem for high quality beads and jewelry supplies. to become eligible, all you have to do is become a fan of artbeads.com on facebook, click on the sweepstakes tab and enter your contact information. you must enter by 11:59 pm (pst) on december 20, 2009 for your chance to win. invite your friends and family to enter as well. follow artbeads.com to connect with other beaders and to keep up with artbeads.com's latest specials. artbeads.com holiday closures in recognition of the holiday season, artbeads.com will be closed and will not process any orders on friday, december 25, or friday, january 1. we will only be open until noon on thursday, december 24 and thursday, december 31. orders must be placed by 9am on these days to be processed. please keep this in mind when placing orders in order to ensure that your items arrive when you need them. artbeads.com coupon save $10 on orders of $60 or more when you use coupon code scw10d-60 at checkout. coupon expires at 9am (pst) on thursday, december 17, 2009. only one coupon per order may be used. weekly specials offers good through 9am (pst) on thursday, december 17, 2009. antique brass links - up 26% off swarovski helix beads - up to 30% off snap clasps - 38% off birthstone beads - 26% off check out our new and featured products! new murano glass toggles new gold-filled beads new caprice items new pewter beads & bead frames holiday shipping schedule wondering by what date you need to place an order to get your jewelry supplies in time for the holidays? look no further than our holiday shipping schedule. there you'll find all the information you need to make sure your jewelry designs are wrapped and under the tree on christmas day. only two weeks until christmas! with christmas fast approaching, there is no better time to stock up on holiday-themed beading and jewelry supplies! whether you are making a beaded christmas tree ornament or a holiday-themed necklace, our collection of design ideas and holiday products will provide you with gorgeously festive results. receive the best discounts with our newsletter! sign up today to receive weekly newsletters from artbeads.com! with our email newsletters you'll receive special offers, new product introductions, exclusive coupons, free design ideas and news updates! go to the top right of the website to sign up!- december 8, 2009 - 50% off more than 2,000 items for one week only, save 50% on more than 2,000 items! you'll find amazing deals on products ranging from base metal components and czech glass beads to swarovski rhinestones and hill tribe silver. this sale is a great way to stock up for christmas, so shop now before the savings slip away. the sale ends at 9am (pst) on tuesday, december 15, 2009.- december 3, 2009 - 10% off select sterling silver items for one week only, save 10% on select sterling silver items. from beads and chain to findings and charms, sterling silver is a versatile and popular beading material. this sale excludes bali silver and hill tribe silver. to take advantage of these savings simply enter coupon code scw10p-ssk at checkout. act now! this sale ends at 9am (pst) on thursday, december 10, 2009. 10% off jewelry design kits save 10% on all jewelry design kits, including 18 new kits, for one week only. jewelry design kits are great for learning new jewelry design techniques, and they make great gifts. to receive these great savings simply enter coupon code scw10p-ssk at checkout. hurry! this sale ends at 9am (pst) on thursday, december 10, 2009. artbeads.com holiday cheer giveaway enter the artbeads.com holiday cheer giveaway for your chance to win a $100 artbeads.com gift card that you can redeem for high quality beads and jewelry supplies. to become eligible, all you have to do is become a fan of artbeads.com on facebook, click on the sweepstakes tab and enter your contact information. you must enter by 11:59 pm (pst) on december 20, 2009 for your chance to win. invite your friends and family to enter as well. follow artbeads.com to connect with other beaders and to keep up with artbeads.com's latest specials. new handy tip learn to use glue-in bead caps and bails with murano glass beads to create beautiful christmas tree ornaments and necklaces by reading this informative handy tip. artbeads.com has also created a great handy tip video to help teach these techniques. you'll be amazed at the results you'll achieve with a few easy to use components and some simple techniques! artbeads.com holiday closures in recognition of the holiday season, artbeads.com will be closed and will not process any orders on friday, december 25, or friday, january 1. we will only be open until noon on thursday, december 24 and thursday, december 31. orders must be placed by 9am on these days to be processed. please keep this in mind when placing orders in order to ensure that your items arrive when you need them. artbeads.com coupon save $5 on orders of $50 or more when you use coupon code scw5d-50 at checkout. coupon expires at 9am (pst) on thursday, december 10, 2009. only one coupon per order may be used. weekly specials offers good through 9am (pst) on thursday, december 10, 2009. ear threads - up to 31% off holiday charms - up to 37% off stoneware tubes - 28% off antique copper toggles - up to 33% off check out our new and featured products! new silk necklaces new swarovski crystal new pewter bails new vintage czech glass holiday shipping schedule wondering by what date you need to place an order to get your jewelry supplies in time for the holidays? look no further than our holiday shipping schedule. there you'll find all the information you need to make sure your jewelry designs are wrapped and under the tree on christmas day. fewer than 25 days until the holidays! with the holidays fast approaching, there is no better time to stock up on holiday-themed beading and jewelry supplies! whether you are making a beaded christmas tree ornament or a holiday-themed necklace, our collection of design ideas and holiday products will provide you with gorgeously festive results. new priority shipping options check out these new ways to get your orders quickly without spending a fortune! free priority shipping and 24-hour turnaround on u.s. orders of $75 or more canada - fedex international priority - $15.99 flat rate international - fedex international priority - $19.99 flat rate receive the best discounts with our newsletter! sign up today to receive weekly newsletters from artbeads.com! with our email newsletters you'll receive special offers, new product introductions, exclusive coupons, free design ideas and news updates! go to the top right of the website to sign up!- december 1, 2009 - vintage bead sale! for 48 hours, save 15% on our entire collection of vintage beads and components, including 50 new czech glass bead strands! to enjoy these fantastic savings, enter coupon code scw15p-vin at checkout. you'll discover a wide variety of colors and sizes that will help create unique jewelry designs with vintage appeal. this sale ends at 9am (pst) on thursday, december 3, 2009.- november 30, 2009 - shop our biggest sale of the year! shop the artbeads.com after thanksgiving sale to save 20% on orders of $60 or more storewide! to enjoy these fantastic savings, enter coupon code scw20p-ats at checkout. many items are sure to sell out, so shop our biggest sale of the year before it's too late. this sale ends at 9am (pst) on tuesday, december 1, 2009. artbeads.com coupon save $5 on orders of $30 or more when you use coupon code scw5d-30 at checkout. coupon expires at 9am (pst) on thursday, december 3, 2009. only one coupon per order may be used. weekly specials offers good through 9am (pst) on thursday, december 3, 2009. vintage cabochons - 30% off mother of pearl strands - 25% off griffin bead cords - 21% off czech glass deep cut nuggets - up to 45% off check out our new and featured products! lacy's stiff stuff new miyuki seed beads new murano glass pendants new base metal findings create virtual jewelry on your nintendo ds® artbeads.com is happy to introduce style lab™: jewelry design, a brand new nintendo ds® game from ubisoft®. this entertaining game lets you design beautiful virtual jewelry using over 400 beads, pendants and charms based on products actually sold at artbeads.com. when you've finished your designs, you can choose to make them public for friends and family to see, and you can purchase them. that's where we come in! the talented jewelry designers at artbeads.com will bring your creations to life using components similar to those you chose within the game. a perfect gift idea this holiday season, style lab™: jewelry design will help spread the joy of jewelry making to young and old alike! holiday shipping schedule wondering by what date you need to place an order to get your jewelry supplies in time for the holidays? look no further than our holiday shipping schedule. there you'll find all the information you need to make sure your jewelry designs are wrapped and under the tree on christmas day. fewer than 35 days until the holidays! with the holidays fast approaching, there is no better time to stock up on holiday-themed beading and jewelry supplies! whether you are making a beaded christmas tree ornament or a holiday-themed necklace, our collection of design ideas and holiday products will provide you with gorgeously festive results. new priority shipping options check out these new ways to get your orders quickly without spending a fortune! free priority shipping and 24-hour turnaround on u.s. orders of $75 or more canada - fedex international priority - $15.99 flat rate international - fedex international priority - $19.99 flat rate receive the best discounts with our newsletter! sign up today to receive weekly newsletters from artbeads.com! with our email newsletters you'll receive special offers, new product introductions, exclusive coupons, free design ideas and news updates! go to the top right of the website to sign up!- november 19, 2009 - introducing metallite™ by zambapro™ we're proud to introduce metallite™ by zambapro™, a brand new line of high-quality jewelry components. these beads, links and charms are made of metalized plastic, resulting in components that are lightweight, inexpensive and perfect for a wide variety of jewelry designs and craft projects. shop now! with more than 200 different shapes and sizes, metallite™ by zambapro™ has something for everyone. thanksgiving day closure in recognition of the holiday, artbeads.com will be closed and will not process or ship any orders on thursday, november 26. please keep this in mind when placing orders, in order to ensure that your items get to you by the time you need them. weekly coupon - scw5p-75 save 5% on orders of $75 or more when you use coupon code scw5p-75 at checkout. coupon expires at 9am (pst) on friday, november 27, 2009. only one coupon per order may be used. weekly specials offers good through 9am (pst) on friday, november 27, 2009. copper earwire - 30% off! 4mm cats eye beads - 23% off! indian spacers - up to 26% off! hotfix rose flatbacks - up to 44% off! check out our new and featured products! new pewter picture frames new tierracast rivoli settings new sterling silver charms new cubic zirconia thanksgiving is just around the corner! thanksgiving is almost here! whether you want to create a beautiful necklace to wear that day or spruce up your table décor, we've got thanksgiving jewelry items and craft ideas to help you out. hurry, the big day is only one week away! holiday shipping schedule wondering by what date you need to place an order to get your jewelry supplies in time for the holidays? look no further than our holiday shipping schedule. there you'll find all the information you need to make sure your jewelry designs are wrapped and under the tree on christmas day. fewer than 40 days until christmas! with christmas fast approaching, there is no better time to stock up on holiday-themed beading and jewelry supplies! whether you are making a beaded christmas tree ornament or a holiday-themed necklace, our collection of design ideas and holiday products will provide you with gorgeously festive results. new priority shipping options check out these new ways to get your orders quickly without spending a fortune! free priority shipping and 24-hour turnaround on u.s. orders of $75 or more canada - fedex international priority - $15.99 flat rate international - fedex international priority - $19.99 flat rate receive the best discounts with our newsletter! sign up today to receive weekly newsletters from artbeads.com! with our email newsletters you'll receive special offers, new product introductions, exclusive coupons, free design ideas and news updates! go to the top right of the website to sign up!- november 12, 2009 - cornucopia of crystal sale - up to 35% off 500 top swarovski items! now is the time to pick up your favorite swarovski items in our cornucopia of crystal sale. we've gathered five hundred of our most popular swarovski pendants, beads and rhinestones for you to choose from. you'll find products ranging from colorful teardrop pendants to hotfix flatbacks, all at fantastic low prices. give your designs some sparkle with these brilliant swarovski components. shop now! this sale ends at 9am (pst) on thursday, november 19, 2009. holiday sale - save 15%! save 15% on a wide selection of christmas and hanukkah jewelry and craft products during our holiday sale. whether you're creating a gift for a friend or designing a holiday piece, there is no better time to stock up. simply enter coupon code scw15p-his at checkout to take advantage of these savings. shop now! this sale ends at 9am (pst) on tuesday, november 17, 2009. buy more, save more coupon this fantastic coupon increases in value! the more you shop, the more you save! save up to $25 on your entire order. this coupon expires at 9am (pst) on thursday, november 19, 2009. the individual values and coupon codes are listed below. $5 off orders from $40 to $75 - scw5d-40 $10 off orders from $75 to $100 - scw10d-75 $15 off orders from $100 to $150 - scw15d-100 $25 off orders over $150 - scw25d-150 create virtual jewelry on your nintendo ds artbeads.com is happy to introduce style lab: jewelry design, a brand new nintendo ds game from ubisoft®. this entertaining game lets you design beautiful virtual jewelry using over 400 beads, pendants and charms based on products actually sold at artbeads.com. when you've finished your designs, you can choose to make them public for friends and family to see, and you can purchase them. that's where we come in! the talented jewelry designers at artbeads.com will bring your creations to life using components similar to those you chose within the game. a perfect gift idea this holiday season, style lab: jewelry design will help spread the joy of jewelry making to young and old alike! thanksgiving is just around the corner! thanksgiving is almost here! whether you want to create a beautiful necklace to wear that day or spruce up your table décor, we've got thanksgiving jewelry items and craft ideas to help you out. hurry, the big day is only two weeks away. holiday shipping schedule wondering what date you need to place an order by to get your jewelry supplies in time for the holidays? look no further than our holiday shipping schedule. there you'll find all the information you need to make sure your jewelry designs are wrapped and under the tree on christmas day. weekly specials offers good through 9am (pst) on thursday, november 19, 2009. russian artist pendants - up to 36% off! steel pendants (includes a free necklace) - up to 34% off! sterling silver beads - up to 28% off! bali clasps - up to 24% off! check out our new and featured products! new venetian coin and disk beads new gold and silver earwires new finished necklaces new enameled copper holiday pendants new priority shipping options check out these new ways to get your orders quickly without spending a fortune! free priority shipping and 24-hour turnaround on u.s. orders of $75 or more canada - fedex international priority - $15.99 flat rate international - fedex international priority - $19.99 flat rate fewer than 45 days until the holidays! with christmas, hanukkah and kwanzaa fast approaching, there is no better time to stock up on holiday-themed beading and jewelry supplies! whether you are making a beaded christmas tree ornament or a holiday-themed necklace, our collection of design ideas and holiday products will provide you with gorgeously festive results. receive the best discounts with our newsletter! sign up today to receive weekly newsletters from artbeads.com! with our email newsletters you'll receive special offers, new product introductions, exclusive coupons, free design ideas and news updates! go to the top right of the website to sign up! customer service contact us faq shipping info order status returns ordering info company info about us artbeads news jobs our guarantee privacy policy site info site search faq site map secure ordering login faq community artbeads blog customer reviews the answer box facebook, myspace, twitter youtube link to us copyright © 1999-2010 artbeads.com® all rights reserved. promotions | weekly specials | coupons | new products | top picks | seasonal | clearance | gift cards | learning center | community | faq | ordering search my favorites view cart customer service | 1-866-715-bead (2323)