来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20111231024326/http://www.artbeads.com/news.html
================================================================================

artbeads.com news search toollearning centerproductsswarovski elements swarovski beads swarovski components swarovski pendants swarovski rhinestones swarovski resources featured categories alphabet beads artistic treasures awareness items bali beads brands & collections caspia™ large-hole jewelry gemstones gift ideas glass beads hill tribe silver beads limited edition mixed media & metal working pearls seed beads steampunk sterling silver beads zambapro® jewelry supplies beads bracelets buttons charms clasps earring findings embellishments findings jewelry-making kits necklaces pendants rings stringing materials tools & supplies watch faces wire & chain shop by material acrylic base metal ceramic & porcelain copper cubic zirconia enamel fibers gemstones glass gold pearls pewter shell silver steel wood more supplies artbeads.com merchandise bags & boxes beading books crafts & accessories clearance artbeads.com news - january 5, 2012 - today's winter trends let us guide you as you create fashionable jewelry for this season with today's winter trends! you'll find a list of fun products, jewelry-making ideas and more. this is a great resource for designing jewelry that matches what's popular right now.behind the scenes at artbeads take a tour of artbeads and discover what goes on behind the scenes with artbeads ceo devin kimura in our latest addition to the about us page. let him provide the narrative as you explore our warehouse and view before unseen locations, such as the customer service department and order fulfillment.check out our new and featured products! pavé beads and clasps limited edition gemstone beads pressed czech glass ring shanks receive the best discounts with our newsletter! sign up today to receive weekly newsletters from artbeads.com! with our email newsletters you'll receive special offers, new product introductions, exclusive coupons, free design ideas and news updates! go to the top right of the website to sign up! - december 29, 2011 - end of year clearance sale - save an additional 10% right now, save an additional 10% on all clearance items! this is a prime opportunity to get deep discounts on a variety of beautiful jewelry supplies and components. just enter zztake10 at checkout to save before this sale ends on wednesday, january 4, 2012 at 11:59pm (pt). behind the scenes at artbeads take a tour of artbeads and discover what goes on behind the scenes with artbeads ceo devin kimura in our latest addition to the about us page. let him provide the narrative as you explore our warehouse and view before unseen locations, such as the customer service department and order fulfillment. artbeads contest winners congratulations to the winner of our iwanna ipad2 giveaway, paula w. of florida, and the winner of rudolph’s sparkling giveaway, sandy c.! they have each won incredible prizes, which we hope have made their holiday even better. thanks to all of our artbeads customers and fans who participated in these two contests, and stay tuned on the artbeads blog and facebook for our next contest, coming soon. check out our new and featured products! new druk and fire-polished beads new czech glass seed beads new magnetic clasps new swarovski crystals receive the best discounts with our newsletter! sign up today to receive weekly newsletters from artbeads.com! with our email newsletters you'll receive special offers, new product introductions, exclusive coupons, free design ideas and news updates! go to the top right of the website to sign up! - december 22, 2011 - here's a quick last-minute gift idea! ready for some last-minute shopping? if you order your gift after 11:00am (pt) on december 22, your package won't be delivered in time for christmas (even with fedex overnight shipping). but don't worry! you can still give the gift of beading with an artbeads.com email gift certificate. within one business day, we will send the recipient an email with the gift code and information about the sender, including a special message from you if provided. think of how delighted your fellow beader will be to receive your gift in her email inbox!iwanna ipad 2 giveaway the iwanna ipad 2 giveaway ends on december 24, 2011 at 11:59pm (pt), so make sure to enter before it's too late! the winner will be announced on christmas day, december 25, 2011 on the artbeads blog for beaders. tune in to see who gets awarded this fantastic prize! the apple ipad2 with wi-fi and 16gb is the perfect tool to help you create wonderful designs. you can even use it to visit our artbeads.com learning center or learn new techniques with our handy tip videos, or shop artbeads for that perfect bead, tool or jewelry supply.check out our new and featured products! new gemstone beads new unicorne beads new mirage mood beads new swarovski crystals receive the best discounts with our newsletter! sign up today to receive weekly newsletters from artbeads.com! with our email newsletters you'll receive special offers, new product introductions, exclusive coupons, free design ideas and news updates! go to the top right of the website to sign up! - december 15, 2011 - holiday shipping schedule our holiday shipping schedule is for the well-prepared and procrastinator alike. visit our holiday shipping page to find out how far in advance (or how close to the deadline) to order all your christmas gifts and have them ship in time for the big day.iwanna ipad 2 giveaway enter to win your very own ipad 2 this christmas, thanks to artbeads! with all of the fun technological gadgets appearing on wish lists this year, we thought it was only fair for santa to send one lucky beader this fantastic prize. the 16 gb apple ipad2 is the perfect tool to help you create wonderful designs. you can even use it to visit our artbeads.com learning center or learn new techniques with our handy tip videos, or shop artbeads for that perfect bead, tool or jewelry supply.check out our new and featured products! new dichroic bamboo beads new gemstone beads new seed bead kits new saw tools receive the best discounts with our newsletter! sign up today to receive weekly newsletters from artbeads.com! with our email newsletters you'll receive special offers, new product introductions, exclusive coupons, free design ideas and news updates! go to the top right of the website to sign up! - december 8, 2011 - new copper patina sheets lillypilly has created a wonderful new collection of metal sheets featuring a variety of gorgeous patterns and textures using a patina finish. these sheets are a great start to mixed media projects and will instantly add a vintage flair to your artwork and jewelry designs. find out more about these sheets on the artbeads blog for beaders or see them for yourself.holiday shipping schedule our holiday shipping schedule is for the well-prepared and procrastinator alike. visit our holiday shipping page to find out how far in advance (or how close to the deadline) to order all your christmas gifts and have them ship in time for the big day.>iwanna ipad 2 giveaway enter to win your very own ipad 2 this christmas, thanks to artbeads! with all of the fun technological gadgets appearing on wish lists this year, we thought it was only fair for santa to send one lucky beader this fantastic prize. the apple ipad2 with wi-fi and 16gb is the perfect tool to help you create wonderful designs. you can even use it to visit our artbeads.com learning center or learn new techniques with our handy tip videos, or shop artbeads for that perfect bead, tool or jewelry supply.check out our new and featured products! new lillypilly metal sheets new metal working tools new gemstones receive the best discounts with our newsletter! sign up today to receive weekly newsletters from artbeads.com! with our email newsletters you'll receive special offers, new product introductions, exclusive coupons, free design ideas and news updates! go to the top right of the website to sign up! - december 1, 2011 - holiday shipping schedule our holiday shipping schedule is for the well-prepared and procrastinator alike. visit our holiday shipping page to find out how far in advance (or how close to the deadline) to order all your christmas gifts and have them ship in time for the big day.save 10% on all swarovski! on november 1st, 363 excited customers left comments on our blog telling us about all of the goodies on their christmas wish lists! we loved hearing what you had to say, and now the top wish list item is 10% off. use coupon code zzswaro10 to save on everything swarovski, including sparkling beads, pendants, eye-catching rhinestones and even our new chatons!iwanna ipad 2 giveaway enter to win your very own ipad 2 this christmas, thanks to artbeads! with all of the fun technological gadgets appearing on wish lists this year, we thought it was only fair for santa to send one lucky beader this fantastic prize. the apple ipad2 with wi-fi and 16gb is the perfect tool to help you create wonderful designs. you can even use it to visit our artbeads.com learning center or learn new techniques with our handy tip videos, or shop artbeads for that perfect bead, tool or jewelry supply.check out our new and featured products! new clasps new lampwork beads new stretch rings new swarovski chatons receive the best discounts with our newsletter! sign up today to receive weekly newsletters from artbeads.com! with our email newsletters you'll receive special offers, new product introductions, exclusive coupons, free design ideas and news updates! go to the top right of the website to sign up! - november 24, 2011 - iwanna ipad 2 giveaway enter to win your very own ipad 2 this christmas, thanks to artbeads! with all of the fun technological gadgets appearing on wish lists this year, we thought it was only fair for santa to send one lucky beader this fantastic prize. the apple ipad2 with wi-fi and 16gb is the perfect tool to help you create wonderful designs. you can even use it to visit our artbeads.com learning center or learn new techniques with our handy tip videos, or shop artbeads for that perfect bead, tool or jewelry supply.plan your holiday shipping we're ready to help you prepare for the holidays with time to spare this year by offering plenty of gift suggestions and jewelry ideas to spur your imagination. as you start your holiday shopping, feel free to take a look at our shipping page so that you're aware of all your options. orders ship from our warehouse in 24 hours and are delivered to their destinations based on your preferred shipping method.check out our new and featured products! new pendants new silver-filled components new limited edition gemstone beads receive the best discounts with our newsletter! sign up today to receive weekly newsletters from artbeads.com! with our email newsletters you'll receive special offers, new product introductions, exclusive coupons, free design ideas and news updates! go to the top right of the website to sign up! - november 17, 2011 - plan your holiday shipping we're ready to help you prepare for the holidays with time to spare this year by offering plenty of gift suggestions and jewelry ideas to spur your imagination. as you start your holiday shopping, feel free to take a look at our shipping page so that you're aware of all your options. orders ship from our warehouse in 24 hours and are delivered to their destinations based on your preferred shipping method.new découpage and sawdust resin beads find creative ways to play with recycled products with these découpage beads! the designer creates each bead using wood casing as a base to decorate with a decoupage effect, taking layers of paper material and finishing with a glaze for a hot vintage look. the resin and sawdust beads are created with wire designs filled in with colored sawdust, then laminated for a glossy shine. use them as cool focals in a mixed media design.order discontinued products before they're gone two hundred of our swarovski and tierracast products are being discontinued by the manufacturer. browse rhinestones, beads and charms to find just the right elements for your projects, and make sure to stock up before they disappear! we have limited quantities available, and once these items are gone we won't be able to order more.check out our new and featured products! nunn design tags and collage sheets jbb bead caps new metal working tools découpage beads receive the best discounts with our newsletter! sign up today to receive weekly newsletters from artbeads.com! with our email newsletters you'll receive special offers, new product introductions, exclusive coupons, free design ideas and news updates! go to the top right of the website to sign up! - november 10, 2011 - plan your holiday shipping we're ready to help you prepare for the holidays with time to spare this year by offering plenty of gift suggestions andjewelry ideas to spur your imagination. as you start your holiday shopping, feel free to take a look at our shipping page so that you're aware of all your options. orders ship from our warehouse in 24 hours and are delivered to their destinations based on your preferred shipping method.explore new metal stamping supplies get ready to create unique and individual pieces of art with new versatile stamps and metal blanks. you'll find three new alphabets to work with, along with a new hammer and plenty of shapes to accessorize. our instructions on how to do metal stamping will get you well on your way to success. metal stamping is always fun, whether you're creating a stand-alone piece or combining elements in a mixed media project.order discontinued products before they're gone two hundred of our swarovski and tierracast products are being discontinued by the manufacturer. browse rhinestones, beads and charms to find just the right elements for your projects, and make sure to stock up before they disappear! we have limited quantities available, and once these items are gone we won't be able to order more.check out our new and featured products!< limited edition gemstone beads metal stamping tools beginner kits zambapro® receive the best discounts with our newsletter! sign up today to receive weekly newsletters from artbeads.com! with our email newsletters you'll receive special offers, new product introductions, exclusive coupons, free design ideas and news updates! go to the top right of the website to sign up! - november 3, 2011 - plan your holiday shipping we're ready to help you prepare for the holidays with time to spare this year by offering plenty of gift suggestions and jewelry ideas to spur your imagination. as you start your holiday shopping, feel free to take a look at our shipping page so that you're aware of all your options. orders ship from our warehouse in 24 hours and are delivered to their destinations based on your preferred shipping method.new hypoallergenic niobium earwires these niobium earwires are the perfect way to create earring designs in fun shades like black, copper and bronze for those with sensitive ears. niobium is a hypoallergenic metal that gets its color from an anodization process. visit the artbeads blog for beaders to learn other interesting facts about niobium.order discontinued products before they're gone two hundred of our swarovski and tierracast products are being discontinued by the manufacturer. browse rhinestones, beads and charms to find just the right elements for your projects, and make sure to stock up before they disappear! we have limited quantities available, and once these items are gone we won't be able to order more.check out our new and featured products! swarovski crystals chandelier links rose embellishments two-hole czech glass beads resin charms new gilders paste colors receive the best discounts with our newsletter! sign up today to receive weekly newsletters from artbeads.com! with our email newsletters you'll receive special offers, new product introductions, exclusive coupons, free design ideas and news updates! go to the top right of the website to sign up! - october 26, 2011 -order discontinued products before they're gone two hundred of our swarovski and tierracast products are being discontinued by their manufacturers. browse rhinestones, beads and charms to find just the right elements for your projects, and make sure to stock up before they disappear! we have limited quantities available, and once these items are gone we won't be able to order more.new lower prices on 1,700 toho seed beads we've just lowered prices on 1,700 styles of toho seed beads! with the variety of sizes, colors and mixes available, you're sure to find something to use in your next project. these drops in price are just one more example of how we're working to offer you great values every day. look for banners that say new lower prices to start saving.magic finding - back in stock making multi-strand designs and unique dangling earrings just got easier with the new magic finding. this exciting invention looks like a honeycombed crimp tube and can thread up to seven strands at once for a powerful, secure hold. read our handy tip to see how it works.explore new swarovski elements innovations! new swarovski elements fall and winter 2012-2013 innovations have arrived! explore the variety of new shapes available, and be sure to try out the three new swarovski colors. the shapes are modeled after the joy of being in a big city, so you'll notice a modern look and feel. the two new blue shades reflect calmness and a sense of optimism, while the crystal antique pink shade brings to mind a re-engagement with nostalgia and romance.check out our new and featured products!new jbb charms tierracast niobium earwires swarovski fall/winter 2012/2013 innovations zambapro packs: daisy spacers receive the best discounts with our newsletter! sign up today to receive weekly newsletters from artbeads.com! with our email newsletters you'll receive special offers, new product introductions, exclusive coupons, free design ideas and news updates! go to the top right of the website to sign up! - october 20, 2011 - take a journey through our new seed bead sections we've just updated all of our seed bead sections to make it easier for you to shop. the main difference you'll notice is that you can now shop by color! this week, you'll also find some new seed bead handy tips and a great blog post with helpful tips for beginning seed beaders. we hope you enjoy exploring these new additions.new discovery for multi-strand designs the magic finding tool was so popular when we first introduced it to our website that it sold out within hours. we've received another shipment and it's now ready to order, so be sure to see what this tool is all about! making multi-strand designs and unique dangling earrings just got easier with the new magic finding. this exciting invention looks like a honeycombed crimp tube and can thread up to seven strands at once for a powerful, secure hold. read our handy tip to see how it works.explore new swarovski elements innovations! new swarovski elements fall and winter 2012-2013 innovations have arrived! explore the variety of new shapes available, and be sure to try out the three new swarovski colors. the shapes are modeled after the joy of being in a big city, so you'll notice a modern look and feel. the two new blue shades reflect calmness and a sense of optimism, while the crystal antique pink shade brings to mind a re-engagement with nostalgia and romance.go pink this october since 1985, organizations have used the month of october to encourage education about breast cancer and raise support for research that will provide a cure. each year, people around the world show their support by wearing the color pink and participating in activities ranging from races to fundraising dinners. we encourage you to join in the activities this year and try wearing a little pink in october, whether it's a t-shirt, a cap or something that you've created using items from our breast cancer awareness page.check out our new and featured products! new seed bead kits >new grace lampwork beads new bejeweler® kits receive the best discounts with our newsletter! sign up today to receive weekly newsletters from artbeads.com! with our email newsletters you'll receive special offers, new product introductions, exclusive coupons, free design ideas and news updates! go to the top right of the website to sign up! - october 13, 2011 - new discovery for multi-strand designs making multi-strand designs and unique dangling earrings just got easier with the new magic finding. this exciting invention looks like a honeycombed crimp tube and can thread up to seven strands at once for a powerful, secure hold. read our handy tip to see how well it works.explore new swarovski elements innovations! new swarovski elements fall and winter 2012-2013 innovations have arrived! explore the variety of new shapes available, and be sure to try out the three new swarovski colors. the shapes are modeled after the joy of being in a big city, so you'll notice a modern look and feel. the two new blue shades reflect calmness and a sense of optimism, while the crystal antique pink shade brings to mind a re-engagement with nostalgia and romance.go pink this october since 1985, organizations have used the month of october to encourage education about breast cancer and raise support for research that will provide a cure. each year, people around the world show their support by wearing the color pink and participating in activities ranging from races to fundraising dinners. we encourage you to join in the activities this year and try wearing a little pink in october, whether it's a t-shirt, a cap or something that you've created using items from our breast cancer awareness page.check out our new and featured products! new magic finding and tool tierracast® christmas charms fall 2012 and winter 2013 swarovski innovationsreceive the best discounts with our newsletter! sign up today to receive weekly newsletters from artbeads.com! with our email newsletters you'll receive special offers, new product introductions, exclusive coupons, free design ideas and news updates! go to the top right of the website to sign up! - october 6, 2011 - new decoré™ epoxy clay try our new decoré™ epoxy clay and findings! this amazing clay air dries and has a use time of up to 90 minutes. best of all, you can activate small quantities at a time and store the rest for later—it has a shelf life of a year and a half when stored properly. read about how easy this product is to use, and then make yourself a ring or focal piece in minutes. hurry! right now we have limited quantities available.go pink this october since 1985, organizations have used the month of october to encourage education about breast cancer and raise support for research that will provide a cure. each year, people around the world show their support by wearing the color pink and participating in activities ranging from races to fundraising dinners. we encourage you to join in the activities this year and try wearing a little pink in october, whether it's a t-shirt, a cap or something that you've created using items from our breast cancer awareness page. the new innovations are here! new swarovski elements fall and winter 2012-2013 innovations have just arrived! explore the variety of new shapes available, and be sure to try out the three new swarovski colors. the shapes are modeled after the joy of being in a big city, so you'll notice a modern look and feel. the two new blue shades reflect calmness and a sense of optimism, while the crystal antique pink shade brings to mind a re-engagement with nostalgia and romance. check out our new and featured products! new decoré™ epoxy clay new decoré™ findings new jbb toggles new swarovski crystal receive the best discounts with our newsletter! sign up today to receive weekly newsletters from artbeads.com! with our email newsletters you'll receive special offers, new product introductions, exclusive coupons, free design ideas and news updates! go to the top right of the website to sign up! - september 29, 2011 - new lower swarovski prices at the end of august, we asked you to tell us the most important thing we could offer. your response? everyday low prices! we're listening to you, and now you'll notice a drop in our everyday prices on more than 600 swarovski products. look for banners that say new lower prices to start saving.go pink this october since 1985, organizations have used the month of october to encourage education about breast cancer and raise support for research that will provide a cure. each year, people around the world show their support by wearing the color pink and participating in activities ranging from races to fundraising dinners. we encourage you to join in the activities this year and try wearing a little pink in october, whether it's a t-shirt, a cap or something that you've created using items from our breast cancer awareness page.check out our new and featured products! new druk beads new coin medallions new bails new swarovski flatbacks receive the best discounts with our newsletter! sign up today to receive weekly newsletters from artbeads.com! with our email newsletters you'll receive special offers, new product introductions, exclusive coupons, free design ideas and news updates! go to the top right of the website to sign up! - september 21, 2011 - new lower swarovski prices at the end of august, we asked you to tell us the most important thing we could offer. your response? everyday low prices! we're listening to you, and starting this week you'll notice a drop in our everyday prices on more than 600 swarovski products. visit our swarovski page and look for banners that say new lower prices to start saving.go pink this october since 1985, organizations have used the month of october to encourage education about breast cancer and raise support for research that will provide a cure. each year, people around the world show their support by wearing the color pink and participating in activities ranging from races to fundraising dinners. we encourage you to join in the activities this year and try wearing a little pink in october, whether it's a t-shirt, a cap or something that you've created using items from our breast cancer awareness page.fire-polished beads now 15% off for a limited time, our vast selection of czech glass fire-polished beads is 15% off. with gorgeous colors ranging from cobalt blue and aquamarine to cocoa brown and madeira topaz, these versatile faceted beads are easy to mix into jewelry and craft projects. you'll love the various sizes and the variety of finishes available. stock up on your own supply now and use zzfire15 at checkout to save. extra 10% off clearance today, save even more on already low clearance prices with a 10% off coupon! this amazing deal applies to more than 1,000 different products. shop discontinued pendants, beads, charms, findings and more before these items disappear for good. just enter zztake10 at checkout to save.check out our new and featured products! new swarovski spring innovations new large-hole bead supplies new pewter bead caps new swarovski flatbacks receive the best discounts with our newsletter! sign up today to receive weekly newsletters from artbeads.com! with our email newsletters you'll receive special offers, new product introductions, exclusive coupons, free design ideas and news updates! go to the top right of the website to sign up! - september 15, 2011 - extra 10% off clearance today, save even more on already low clearance prices with a 10% off coupon! this amazing deal applies to more than 1,000 different products. shop discontinued pendants, beads, charms, findings and more before these items disappear for good. just enter zztake10 at checkout to save.fire-polished beads now 15% off for a limited time, our vast selection of czech glass fire-polished beads is 15% off. with gorgeous colors ranging from cobalt blue and aquamarine to cocoa brown and madeira topaz, these versatile faceted beads are easy to mix into jewelry and craft projects. you'll love the various sizes and the variety of finishes available. stock up on your own supply now and use zzfire15 at checkout to save.do not open till december: special gift card offer get your christmas shopping done early and give yourself a gift! right now we're giving you a special offer to share with a friend and save up for your holiday shopping. purchase a $75 gift card and wait to use it until december 1, 2011, and we'll give you a $10 gift card free to use right away. you can prepare for all of your holiday spending and be rewarded for your patience! hurry before this limited-time special offer ends!check out our new and featured products! sneak peak - swarovski elements fall/winter 2012/13 innovations zambapro packsreceive the best discounts with our newsletter! sign up today to receive weekly newsletters from artbeads.com! with our email newsletters you'll receive special offers, new product introductions, exclusive coupons, free design ideas and news updates! go to the top right of the website to sign up!- september 8, 2011 - more than 1,200 products up to 57% off we're getting ready for fall with some heavy-duty housecleaning! right now, more than 1,200 items in clearanceare up to 57% off. hurry to place your order while supplies last. once these products are gone, they're gone forever!bali beads 15% off while supplies last stock up on exotic bali beads and save 15% while supplies last! each sterling silver bead is truly a work of art, featuring elaborate patterns made by hand. choose your favorites and get ready to create something stylish for the fall and winter season. use coupon code zz-basic15 at checkout to save.15% off our entire stock of findings right now, all findings are 15% off! use these savings to replenish dwindling supplies or to find something unique to finish your jewelry and craft projects. products range from earring findings and clasps to headpins and jump rings. use coupon code zz-basic15 at checkout to save.check out our new and featured products! sneak peak - swarovski elements fall/winter 2012/13 innovations zambapro packs new magnetic clasps new kabela components swarovski elements pearls venetian glass beads and pendantsreceive the best discounts with our newsletter! sign up today to receive weekly newsletters from artbeads.com! with our email newsletters you'll receive special offers, new product introductions, exclusive coupons, free design ideas and news updates! go to the top right of the website to sign up!- september 1, 2011 - end of summer clearance fall is nearly upon us, and we're preparing for it with some heavy-duty housecleaning! we've added more than 400 new products to our clearance section this week. hurry to save up to 57% on items we'll no longer carry before someone else grabs the opportunity. once these products are gone, they're gone forever!15% off all bali beads we're featuring our gorgeous bali beads, and today you'll save 15% on our entire stock! find out more about the history of bali beads and the detailed work that goes into making each one, then choose your favorites and start creating something stylish for the fall and winter season. each of these sterling silver beads is truly a work of art. use coupon code zz-basic15 at checkout to save.15% off our entire stock of findings right now, all of our findings are 15% off! add special touches to your jewelry and craft projects with our lovely clasps and intricate bead caps, then stock up on essentials like headpins, earring findings and bails. use coupon code zz-basic15 at checkout to save. specials links - up to 34% off! alphabet beads - up to 33% off!> jump rings - up to 40% off! sterling silver clasps - up to 31% off! check out our new and featured products! new base metal clasps base metal chain earring findings and components receive the best discounts with our newsletter! sign up today to receive weekly newsletters from artbeads.com! with our email newsletters you'll receive special offers, new product introductions, exclusive coupons, free design ideas and news updates! go to the top right of the website to sign up! - august 25, 2011 - save on pendants! right now, save up to 30% on a variety of gorgeous pendants! you'll find products ranging from swarovski crystal to sterling silver. once you discover just the right focal pieces for your designs, save even more by combining these savings with artbeads cash. artbeads cash sale! for a limited time only, choose from six different artbeads cash coupons for savings worth up to $46. the more you buy, the more you'll save. use this opportunity to stock up on basic supplies and feel free to browse through our new products to find something exciting to try in your next creation. specials links - up to 34% off! alphabet beads - up to 33% off!> jump rings - up to 40% off! sterling silver clasps - up to 31% off! check out our new and featured products! new taina hartman pendants new jbb charms and findings swarovski elements pendants sterling silver links receive the best discounts with our newsletter! sign up today to receive weekly newsletters from artbeads.com! with our email newsletters you'll receive special offers, new product introductions, exclusive coupons, free design ideas and news updates! go to the top right of the website to sign up!- august 18, 2011 - save on pendants! right now, save up to 30% ona variety of gorgeous pendants! you'll find products ranging from swarovski crystal to sterling silver. once you discover just the right focal pieces for your designs, save even more by combining these savings with artbeads cash. for a limited time only, choose from six different artbeads cash coupons for savings worth up to $46. the more you buy, the more you'll save. use this opportunity to stock up on basic supplies and feel free to browse through our new products to find something exciting to try in your next creation. specials links - up to 34% off! alphabet beads - up to 33% off!> jump rings - up to 40% off! sterling silver clasps - up to 31% off! check out our new and featured products! new kabela charms and pendants new unicorne beads and drops swarovski elements flatbacks resins and glosses - august 16, 2011 - artbeads cash sale!for a limited time only, choose from six different artbeads cash coupons for savings worth up to $46. the more you buy, the more you'll save. use this opportunity to stock up on basic supplies and feel free to browse through our new products to find something exciting to try in your next creation. 99¢ sale! right now at artbeads, you'll find more than 1,400 products on sale for 99¢ or less! take a minute to browse the sale and see the excellent assortment of jewelry supplies available for under a dollar. you'll find swarovski crystal flatbacks, earring findings, links, beads and more. no coupon code is necessary. simply add the sale items to your cart to save. your to-go place for 2011 summer trends we've gathered this summer's tips and trends, jewelry inspiration and video into one easy-to-reference location on our website. visit the summer trends 2011 page to see what's hot this season and stay ahead of the competition. artbeads.com coupon save 5% on orders of $40 or more when you use coupon code zzw5p-40 at checkout. only one coupon per order may be used. specials links - up to 34% off! alphabet beads - up to 33% off!> jump rings - up to 40% off! sterling silver clasps - up to 31% off! check out our new and featured products! new findings and clasps new unicorne bead freshwater and keshi pearls embellishments receive the best discounts with our newsletter! sign up today to receive weekly newsletters from artbeads.com! with our email newsletters you'll receive special offers, new product introductions, exclusive coupons, free design ideas and news updates! go to the top right of the website to sign up! - august 11, 2011 - you'll save 15% on our entire stock of select brands, including grace lampwork beads, lillypilly designs, taina hartman studio, soft flex, silversilk, unicorne beads, patricia healy and zambapro. each brand has its own wealth of high-quality products to discover (and don't worry, there's no fool's gold involved). just enter zz-bonanza15 at checkout to save. 99¢ sale! right now at artbeads, you'll find more than 1,400 products on sale for 99¢ or less! take a minute to browse the sale and see the excellent assortment of jewelry supplies available for under a dollar. you'll find swarovski crystal flatbacks, earring findings, links, beads and more. no coupon code is necessary. simply add the sale items to your cart to save. people's choice sale shop the people's choice sale to save 15% on thousands of top-rated items! you've let us know what you like by writing reviews and leaving comments about your favorite products. now we're returning the favor and placing more than 5,000 products with four and five-star ratings on sale. just enter zz-people15 at checkout to save. artbeads.com coupon save 5% on orders of $40 or more when you use coupon code zzw5p-40 at checkout. only one coupon per order may be used. specials links - up to 34% off! alphabet beads - up to 33% off!> jump rings - up to 40% off! sterling silver clasps - up to 31% off! check out our new and featured products! new findings and clasps new unicorne beads freshwater and keshi pearls embellishments receive the best discounts with our newsletter! sign up today to receive weekly newsletters from artbeads.com! with our email newsletters you'll receive special offers, new product introductions, exclusive coupons, free design ideas and news updates! go to the top right of the website to sign up! - august 4, 2011 - 99¢ sale! right now at artbeads, you'll find more than 1,400 products on sale for 99¢ or less! take a minute to browse the sale and see the excellent assortment of jewelry supplies available for under a dollar. you'll find swarovski crystal flatbacks, earring findings, links, beads and more. no coupon code is necessary. simply add the sale items to your cart to save. people's choice sale shop the people's choice sale to save 15% on thousands of top-rated items! you've let us know what you like by writing reviews and leaving comments about your favorite products. now we're returning the favor and placing more than 5,000 products with four and five-star ratings on sale. just enter zz-people15 at checkout to save. your to-go place for 2011 summer trends we've gathered this summer's tips and trends, jewelry inspiration and video into one easy-to-reference location on our website. visit the summer trends 2011 page to see what's hot this season and stay ahead of the competition. artbeads.com coupon save 5% on orders of $50 or more when you use coupon code zzw5p-50 at checkout. only one coupon per order may be used. specials links - up to 34% off! alphabet beads - up to 33% off!> jump rings - up to 40% off! sterling silver clasps - up to 31% off! check out our new and featured products! new swarovski crystal new bulk chain versatile buttons taina hartman pendants receive the best discounts with our newsletter! sign up today to receive weekly newsletters from artbeads.com! with our email newsletters you'll receive special offers, new product introductions, exclusive coupons, free design ideas and news updates! go to the top right of the website to sign up! - august 1, 2011 - people's choice sale shop the people's choice sale to save 15% on thousands of top-rated items! you've let us know what you like by writing reviews and leaving comments about your favorite products. now we're returning the favor and placing more than 5,000 products with four and five-star ratings on sale. just enter zz-people15 at checkout to save. 20% off pewter sale shop our pewter sale to get 20% off more than 2,500 items! with finishes ranging from silver and gold to copper and gunmetal, our lead-free pewter products allow for plenty of design possibilities in both jewelry and crafts. right now, look for the coupon sale! banner to save with zz-pewter20. your to-go place for 2011 summer trends we've gathered this summer's tips and trends, jewelry inspiration and video into one easy-to-reference location on our website. visit the summer trends 2011 page to see what's hot this season and stay ahead of the competition. artbeads.com coupon save 5% on orders of $50 or more when you use coupon code zzw5p-50 at checkout. only one coupon per order may be used. specials playful charms - up to 32% off! venetian glass beads - up to 32% off! pewter links - up to 34% off! pewter spacer bars - up to 32% off! check out our new and featured products! new unicorne beads new findings whimsical stoneware pendants colorful czech glass beads receive the best discounts with our newsletter! sign up today to receive weekly newsletters from artbeads.com! with our email newsletters you'll receive special offers, new product introductions, exclusive coupons, free design ideas and news updates! go to the top right of the website to sign up!- july 28, 2011 - save 20% on orders $60 or more through the end of july, save 20% on all orders of $60 or more storewide! use this opportunity to try something new and to stock up on staples like jump rings, findings and clasps. the coupon includes products ranging from new russian artist pendants to lampwork and fire-polished beads. enter zzw20p-60 at checkout to save.. 20% off pewter sale shop our pewter sale to get 20% off more than 2,500 items! with finishes ranging from silver and gold to copper and gunmetal, our lead-free pewter products allow for plenty of design possibilities in both jewelry and crafts. right now, look for the coupon sale! banner to save with zz-pewter20. your to-go place for 2011 summer trends we've gathered this summer's tips and trends, jewelry inspiration and video into one easy-to-reference location on our website. visit the summer trends 2011 page to see what's hot this season and stay ahead of the competition. artbeads.com coupon save 5% on orders of $50 or more when you use coupon code zzw5p-50 at checkout. only one coupon per order may be used. specials playful charms - up to 32% off! venetian glass beads - up to 32% off! pewter links - up to 34% off! pewter spacer bars - up to 32% off! check out our new and featured products! new unicorne beads new findings whimsical stoneware pendants colorful czech glass beads receive the best discounts with our newsletter! sign up today to receive weekly newsletters from artbeads.com! with our email newsletters you'll receive special offers, new product introductions, exclusive coupons, free design ideas and news updates! go to the top right of the website to sign up! - july 26, 2011 - save 20% on orders $60 or more through the end of july, save 20% on all orders of $60 or more storewide! use this opportunity to try something new and to stock up on staples like jump rings, findings and clasps. the coupon includes products ranging from new russian artist pendants to lampwork and fire-polished beads. enter zzw20p-60 at checkout to save.. - july 21, 2011 - christmas in july sale! more than 4,300 holiday-themed items in our store are up to 55% off, making this the perfect time to start thinking about your decoration ideas. browse our section and find the banner to save. stock up on sale items for your jewelry and craft ideas for the upcoming winter season before the sale ends!. 20% off pewter sale shop our pewter sale to get 20% off more than 2,500 items! with finishes ranging from silver and gold to copper and gunmetal, our lead-free pewter products allow for plenty of design possibilities in both jewelry and crafts. right now, look for the coupon sale! banner to save with zz-pewter20. earring findings sale freshen up your earring collection with gorgeous earring findings at incredible prices! right now, more than 300 earring findings in our store are up to 50% off. browse our earring section and find the on sale! banner to save. sale items range from staples like earring backs, posts and leverbacks to decorative chandelier components. your to-go place for 2011 summer trends we've gathered this summer's tips and trends, jewelry inspiration and video into one easy-to-reference location on our website. visit the summer trends 2011 page to see what's hot this season and stay ahead of the competition. artbeads.com coupon save 5% on orders of $30 or more when you use coupon code zzw5p-30 at checkout. only one coupon per order may be used. specials swarovski mini pear pendants - up to 34% off! alphabet beads - up to 29% off! cabochons - up to 34% off! wood links - up to 32% off! check out our new and featured products! new hand-painted russian artist beads new tierracast pewter nunn designs collage sheets and transfer sheets swarovski pendants receive the best discounts with our newsletter! sign up today to receive weekly newsletters from artbeads.com! with our email newsletters you'll receive special offers, new product introductions, exclusive coupons, free design ideas and news updates! go to the top right of the website to sign up! - july 19, 2011 - 20% off pewter sale shop our pewter sale to get 20% off more than 2,500 items! with finishes ranging from silver and gold to copper and gunmetal, our lead-free pewter products allow for plenty of design possibilities in both jewelry and crafts. right now, look for the coupon sale! banner to save with zz-pewter20. - july 14, 2011 - earring findings sale freshen up your earring collection with gorgeous earring findings at incredible prices! right now, more than 300 earring findings in our store are up to 50% off. browse our earring section and find the on sale! banner to save. sale items range from staples like earring backs, posts and leverbacks to decorative chandelier components. sizzling swarovski sale dive into our sizzling swarovski sale to find hot deals for this summer's projects! with more than 1,000 of our most popular swarovski products at 20% off, this sale is worth a look. reacquaint yourself with our swarovski section and find the on sale! banner to save with coupon code zz-frenzy20. you'll discover sale items ranging from faceted rounds and rhinestones to channel drops and crystal pearls. the sale ends on monday, july 18, 2011. coupon frenzy dive into our coupon frenzy we're having a surprise coupon frenzy at artbeads.com! starting this weekend, use coupon code zz-frenzy20 at checkout to save 20% on products in four popular categories. base metal chain gemstones seed beads select swarovskithese coupons are only available for a limited time, so place your order now to ensure that you'll enjoy these savings. artbeads.com coupon save 5% on orders of $40 or more when you use coupon code zzw5p-40 at checkout. coupon expires on tuesday, july 19, 2011. only one coupon per order may be used. specials bulk chain - up to 32% off! swarovski pearls - up to 34% off! pressed czech glass beads - up to 36% off!> hill tribe silver pendants - up to 37% off! check out our new and featured products! new caspia new swarovski crystal awareness items lillypilly pendants receive the best discounts with our newsletter! sign up today to receive weekly newsletters from artbeads.com! with our email newsletters you'll receive special offers, new product introductions, exclusive coupons, free design ideas and news updates! go to the top right of the website to sign up! - july 10, 2011 - earring findings sale freshen up your earring collection with gorgeous earring findings at incredible prices! right now, more than 300 earring findings in our store are up to 50% off. browse our earring section and find the on sale! banner to save. sale items range from staples like earring backs, posts and leverbacks to decorative chandelier components. - july 8, 2011 - coupon frenzy dive into our coupon frenzy we're having a surprise coupon frenzy at artbeads.com! starting this weekend, use coupon code zz-frenzy20 at checkout to save 20% on products in four popular categories. base metal chain gemstones seed beads select swarovskithese coupons are only available for a limited time, so place your order now to ensure that you'll enjoy these savings. - july 6, 2011 - sizzling swarovski sale dive into our sizzling swarovski sale to find hot deals for this summer's projects! with more than 1,000 of our most popular swarovski products at 20% off, this sale is worth a look. reacquaint yourself with our swarovski section and find the on sale! banner to save with coupon code zz-frenzy20. you'll discover sale items ranging from faceted rounds and rhinestones to channel drops and crystal pearls. the sale ends on monday, july 18, 2011. new summer trends video keep up-to-date with this season's hottest trends when you watch our new youtube video! artbeads jewelry designer and co-owner cynthia kimura goes through the latest palettes, shapes and jewelry designs to help you guide your summer fashion. artbeads.com coupon save 5% on orders of $75 or more when you use coupon code zzw5p-75 at checkout. coupon expires on wednesday, july 13, 2011. only one coupon per order may be used. weekly specials offers good through wednesday, july 13, 2011. pewter bails - up to 47% off! earring findings - up to 35% off! toggles - up to 37% off! bead caps - up to 38% off! check out our new and featured products! introducing unicorne beads new jbb products mixed media items miyuki seed beads receive the best discounts with our newsletter! sign up today to receive weekly newsletters from artbeads.com! with our email newsletters you'll receive special offers, new product introductions, exclusive coupons, free design ideas and news updates! go to the top right of the website to sign up!- june 30, 2011 - 4th of july sale join in the fun as we celebrate our independence this week with a storewide 4th of july sale! you'll save 15% on orders $45 or more with coupon code zzw15p45. relax, take a break and stock up on all of your favorite products, including sterling silver, swarovski crystal and caspia beads. don't wait too long to order! the sale ends on tuesday, july 5, 2011. closed for independence day artbeads.com will be closed for independence day on monday, july 4, 2011. no orders will be processed or shipped on that day. normal processing and shipping will begin again on tuesday. inspiration for summer visit the artbeads.com learning center to view 185 free instructions for summer jewelry. you'll find creations featuring beach themes, butterflies, flower and more. copy the instructions exactly or add different elements to create jewelry with your own unique style. artbeads.com coupon save 15% on orders of $45 or more when you use coupon code zzw15p45 at checkout. coupon expires on tuesday, july 5, 2011. only one coupon per order may be used. weekly specials offers good through tuesday, july 5, 2011. bails - up to 33% off! finished necklaces - up to 33% off! pewter beads - up to 33% off! swarovski pendants - up to 33% off! check out our new and featured products! new tierracast® items new satin hamilton gold swarovski bicones basic jewelry tools receive the best discounts with our newsletter! sign up today to receive weekly newsletters from artbeads.com! with our email newsletters you'll receive special offers, new product introductions, exclusive coupons, free design ideas and news updates! go to the top right of the website to sign up!- june 23, 2011 - dollar days sale for a limited time, shop the dollar days sale to find a wide variety of items marked down to $1, $2 and $3! from staples like seed beads and fire-polished glass to elegant accents like hill tribe silver and swarovski crystal, this sale includes more than 1,500 products with savings up to 55%. order before the sale ends on wednesday, june 29, 2011. closed for independence day artbeads.com will be closed for independence day on monday, july 4, 2011. no orders will be processed or shipped on that day. normal processing and shipping will begin again on tuesday. inspiration for summer visit the artbeads.com learning center to view 185 free instructions for summer jewelry. you'll find creations featuring beach themes, butterflies, flower and more. copy the instructions exactly or add different elements to create jewelry with your own unique style. artbeads.com coupon save 5% on orders of $30 or more when you use coupon code zzw5p-30 at checkout. coupon expires on wednesday, june 29, 2011. only one coupon per order may be used. weekly specials offers good through wednesday, june 29, 2011. glass drops - up to 16% off! pewter pendants - up to 28% off! swarovski sew-on rhinestones - up to 27% off! czech glass druk beads - up to 32% off! check out our new and featured products! new swarovski items new tierracast® products taina hartman pendants watch faces receive the best discounts with our newsletter! sign up today to receive weekly newsletters from artbeads.com! with our email newsletters you'll receive special offers, new product introductions, exclusive coupons, free design ideas and news updates! go to the top right of the website to sign up!- june 21, 2011 - summer savings sale shop the summer savings sale to get awesome discounts on more than 890 jewelry supplies, ranging from pearls and gemstone beads to hill tribe silver and swarovski crystal settings! just look for the colorful dots on product images to know what you'll be saving. save 25% with green dots, 20% with orange and 15% with blue. order before the sale ends on monday, june 27, 2011.- june 16, 2011 - 15% off all clasps! for a limited time, save 15% on all clasps! our large selection ranges from classics like spring rings and lobster clasps to ornate toggles. whether you prefer gold-filled and hill tribe silver or base metal and glass, this sale offers plenty of options. enjoy these savings by entering zzccp15 at checkout before the sale ends on june 22, 2011. shop the charms and pendants sale for one week only, save 15% on all charms and pendants! this is your chance to stock up on detailed elements that add character and beauty to your designs. shop pendants by lillypilly, swarovski, taina hartman and more. you'll also find a gorgeous selection of charms. enter zzccp15 at checkout to save before the sale ends on june 22, 2011. inspiration for summer visit the artbeads.com learning center to view 185 free instructions for summer jewelry. you'll find creations featuring beach themes, butterflies, flower and more. copy the instructions exactly or add different elements to create jewelry with your own unique style. summer fashion summer officially begins june 21. that's this month! as you create your summer designs, be sure to check out this year's spring and summer fashion trends in the artbeads learning center. it's a great place to get ideas for both color and style. artbeads.com coupon save 5% on orders of $40 or more when you use coupon code zzw5p-40 at checkout. coupon expires on wednesday, june 22, 2011. only one coupon per order may be used. weekly specials offers good through wednesday, june 22, 2011. pewter links - up to 34% off! toho™ seed beads - up to 33% off! chain by the foot - up to 33% off! swarovski wing beads - up to 31% off! check out our new and featured products! new druks new zambapro™ packs collage pendants wire and chain receive the best discounts with our newsletter! sign up today to receive weekly newsletters from artbeads.com! with our email newsletters you'll receive special offers, new product introductions, exclusive coupons, free design ideas and news updates! go to the top right of the website to sign up!- june 9, 2011 - swarovski fashion week during swarovski fashion week, save up to 35% on 400 runway-worthy swarovski crystals. these brilliant pieces were chosen for their stylish appearance. ranging from fancy beads and pendants to filigree flowers and xilion settings, they will enhance your summer designs. shop before the savings end on wednesday, june 15, 2011. men's gift ideas for father's day with free instructions ranging from customized key chains to bold jewelry, our father's day section has plenty of options to help you get started planning a gift for the father figure in your life. get started early for this father's day (coming up on sunday, june 19) to create a gift he'll enjoy and remember. summer fashion summer officially begins june 21. that's this month! as you create your summer designs, be sure to check out this year's spring and summer fashion trends in the artbeads learning center. it's a great place to get ideas for both color and style. artbeads.com coupon save 5% on orders of $75 or more when you use coupon code zzw5p-75 at checkout. coupon expires on wednesday, june 15, 2011. only one coupon per order may be used. weekly specials offers good through wednesday, june 15, 2011. pewter charms - up to 32% off! end caps - up to 33% off! caspia beads - up to 33% off! finished bracelets - up to 32% off! check out our new and featured products! new alphabet beads new swarovski items thousands of seed beads lampwork bamboo beads receive the best discounts with our newsletter! sign up today to receive weekly newsletters from artbeads.com! with our email newsletters you'll receive special offers, new product introductions, exclusive coupons, free design ideas and news updates! go to the top right of the website to sign up!- june 5, 2011 - new zambapro™ packs zambapro™ is now offering more than 275 popular jewelry supplies in economical packages. use these multi-packs to stock up on versatile components ranging from sterling silver rounds to earwires. when you order a zambapro™ pack, you'll save up to 40% more than if you ordered each item individually! sea of glass salefor a limited time, shop the sea of glass sale to save 15% on more than 9,000 beautiful glass beads! with endless colors, shapes and styles available, this sale is a fine opportunity to add fresh colors to your collection in preparation for summer. browse swarovski crystals, seed beads, lampwork and more. then, enter zzglass15 to save before the sale ends on monday, june 6, 2011. men's gift ideas for father's day with free instructions ranging from customized key chains to bold jewelry, our father's day section has plenty of options to help you get started planning a gift for the father figure in your life. get started early for this father's day (coming up on sunday, june 19) to create a gift he'll enjoy and remember. artbeads.com coupon save 5% on orders of $50 or more when you use coupon code zzw5p-50 at checkout. coupon expires on wednesday, june 8, 2011. only one coupon per order may be used. weekly specials offers good through wednesday, june 8, 2011. spacer bars - up to 36% off! resin cameos - up to 35% off! cones - up to 33% off! hotfix rhinestones - up to 34% off! check out our new and featured products! new caspia beads new tierracast® swarovski components wood pendants receive the best discounts with our newsletter! sign up today to receive weekly newsletters from artbeads.com! with our email newsletters you'll receive special offers, new product introductions, exclusive coupons, free design ideas and news updates! go to the top right of the website to sign up!- may 26, 2011 - memorial day saleshop the memorial day sale to save 20% on all orders of $60 or more storewide. this is a fantastic opportunity to stock up on the basics and find some new favorites! with such great savings, many items are sure to sell out, so enter zzmemorial20 at checkout to save before the sale ends on monday, may 30, 2011. no shipping on memorial day artbeads.com will be closed for memorial day on monday, may 30, 2011. no orders will be processed or shipped on that day. normal processing and shipping will begin again on tuesday. men's gift ideas for father's day with free instructions ranging from customized key chains to bold jewelry, our father's day section has plenty of options to help you get started planning a gift for the father figure in your life. get started early for this father's day (coming up on sunday, june 19) to create a gift he'll enjoy and remember. artbeads.com coupon save 5% on orders of $30 or more when you use coupon code zzw5p-30 at checkout. coupon expires on tuesday, may 31, 2011. only one coupon per order may be used. weekly specials offers good through tuesday, may 31, 2011. wood pendants - up to 33% off! toho™ cube beads - up to 33% off! swarovski margarita beads - up to 34% off! base metal toggles - up to 32% off! check out our new and featured products! new swarovski crystal new druk beads jewelry-making kits fun fibers receive the best discounts with our newsletter! sign up today to receive weekly newsletters from artbeads.com! with our email newsletters you'll receive special offers, new product introductions, exclusive coupons, free design ideas and news updates! go to the top right of the website to sign up!- may 24, 2011 - gold rush salesave up to 40% on more than 350 gold-filled and gold-plated items during the gold rush at artbeads! since ancient times, gold has been revered as a symbol of beauty, power and achievement. now you can take advantage of this sale to add the classic elegance of gold to your designs. browse chain, beads, findings and more to save before this sale ends on wednesday, may 25, 2011. no shipping on memorial day artbeads.com will be closed for memorial day on monday, may 30, 2011. no orders will be processed or shipped on that day. normal processing and shipping will begin again on tuesday. learn about new silversilk knitted wire whether you're looking to string pandora-style beads onto something new or searching for a fun way to weave seed beads into a design, this fantastic stringing material offers some exciting options! fashioned from thin knitted wire, silversilk is both beautiful and easy to use. browse the variety of colors available and find out more about it under silversilk resources. men's gift ideas for father's day with free instructions ranging from customized key chains to bold jewelry, our father's day section has plenty of options to help you get started planning a gift for the father figure in your life. get started early for this father's day (coming up on sunday, june 19) to create a gift he'll enjoy and remember. artbeads.com coupon save 5% on orders of $40 or more when you use coupon code zzw5p-40 at checkout. coupon expires on wednesday, may 25, 2011. only one coupon per order may be used. weekly specials offers good through wednesday, may 25, 2011. druk beads - up to 33% off! hill tribe beads - up to 31% off! brass bails - up to 33% off! bead caps - up to 34% off! check out our new and featured products! introducing silversilk new caspia items new cabochons freshwater pearls receive the best discounts with our newsletter! sign up today to receive weekly newsletters from artbeads.com! with our email newsletters you'll receive special offers, new product introductions, exclusive coupons, free design ideas and news updates! go to the top right of the website to sign up!- may 19, 2011 - forget me not sale explore classic components during the forget me not sale! with new products being introduced weekly to our store, it's easy to skip over what's already on the site. many lovely items are just asking to be rediscovered! browse this sale to familiarize yourself with 920 overlooked treasures and save 15% using coupon code zzmay15 at checkout. this sale ends on monday, may 23, 2011. 15% off all swarovski for a limited time only, save 15% on our entire selection of high-quality crystal from swarovski elements. all of your favorites are on sale, including gorgeous pendants, faceted beads, crystal pearls, rhinestones, rivolis and more. add some sparkle to your collection! use zzmay15 at checkout to save before this sale ends on monday, may 23, 2011. learn about new silversilk knitted wire whether you're looking to string pandora-style beads onto something new or searching for a fun way to weave seed beads into a design, this fantastic stringing material offers some exciting options! fashioned from thin knitted wire, silversilk is both beautiful and easy to use. browse the variety of colors available and find out more about it under silversilk resources. men's gift ideas for father's day with free instructions ranging from customized key chains to bold jewelry, our father's day section has plenty of options to help you get started planning a gift for the father figure in your life. get started early for this father's day (coming up on sunday, june 19) to create a gift he'll enjoy and remember. artbeads.com coupon save 5% on orders of $40 or more when you use coupon code zzw5p-40 at checkout. coupon expires on wednesday, may 25, 2011. only one coupon per order may be used. weekly specials offers good through wednesday, may 25, 2011. druk beads - up to 33% off! hill tribe beads - up to 31% off! brass bails - up to 33% off! bead caps - up to 34% off! check out our new and featured products! introducing silversilk new caspia items new cabochons freshwater pearls receive the best discounts with our newsletter! sign up today to receive weekly newsletters from artbeads.com! with our email newsletters you'll receive special offers, new product introductions, exclusive coupons, free design ideas and news updates! go to the top right of the website to sign up!- may 15, 2011 - back in stock sale save 15% on more than 650 of our best-selling items, now back in stock. we've had them shipped in and they're ready to order. ranging from watch faces to lampwork beads, this sale offers plenty of variety. there's no guarantee that everything will stay in stock, so enter coupon zzstock15 at checkout and order your favorites before someone beats you to them! this sale ends on wednesday, may 18, 2011. designerfest is here! all this week we will be featuring some of our favorite product collections and the designers behind the beautiful creations. in addition, we're giving you the chance to score great deals on these products! save 15% on products ranging from grace lampwork beads to hill tribe silver! start saving today on all seven categories by entering zzmaybead15 at checkout before the sale ends on may 16, 2011. seed bead sale for a limited time, save 15% on all seed beads, seed beading tools and supplies. this includes toho™ and miyuki beads, nylon thread and lacy's stiff stuff. known for their consistent size and color, these japanese seed beads are one more way to ensure a quality appearance for your creations. stock up while they're on sale! enter zzmaybead15 at checkout before the sale ends on monday, may 16, 2011. we have a winner! congratulations to irina, the winner of the make it for mom challenge! she will receive a $250 artbeads.com gift card and will also be featured on artbeads.com in the learning center! be sure to view all of the wonderful entries that were submitted to this contest. new tierracast® resources page tierracast® offers a wide variety of quality components from picture frames to bead caps. explore this page to learn all about how they can best be used in your designs! you'll find free design guides with instructions for jewelry, tips for using tierracast® products with large-hole beads and more. artbeads.com coupon save 5% on orders of $75 or more when you use coupon code zzw5p-75 at checkout. coupon expires on wednesday, may 18, 2011. only one coupon per order may be used. weekly specials offers good through wednesday, may 18, 2011. swarovski pearl beads - up to 30% off! fire-polished beads - up to 31% off! pewter collage pendants - up to 31% off! transfer sheets - up to 32% off! check out our new and featured products! new grace beads new freshwater pearls new fire-polished beads gemstones receive the best discounts with our newsletter! sign up today to receive weekly newsletters from artbeads.com! with our email newsletters you'll receive special offers, new product introductions, exclusive coupons, free design ideas and news updates! go to the top right of the website to sign up!- may 10, 2011 - designerfest is here! all this week we will be featuring some of our favorite product collections and the designers behind the beautiful creations. in addition, we're giving you the chance to score great deals on these products! save 15% on products ranging from grace lampwork beads to hill tribe silver! start saving today on all seven categories by entering zzmaybead15 at checkout before the sale ends on may 16, 2011.- may 8, 2011 - mother's day sale happy mother's day! treat yourself to your favorite beads and save 20% sitewide with no minimum. we've already lowered our everyday prices on over 3,800 sterling silver and fine silver items throughout the store, so this 20% off coupon will help you save even more. this extremely rare offer is only available for a short time, so shop now! simply enter zz-mom20 at checkout before this sale ends on monday, may 9, 2011. dropping prices in the silver market are benefiting you! recently, the silver market has had its biggest drop in over 30 years. not too long ago silver was priced at $48.51 per ounce, and has now dropped to nearly $37 an ounce. despite these drops, the demand for silver is just as evident as ever. what this means for us is the ability to re-price over 3,800 of our sterling silver and fine silver items to save you money. our goal is to continue to offer great discounts to you on top of these new lowered prices. new tierracast® resources page tierracast® offers a wide variety of quality components from picture frames to bead caps. explore this page to learn all about how they can best be used in your designs! you'll find free design guides with instructions for jewelry, tips for using tierracast® products with large-hole beads and more. artbeads.com coupon save 5% on orders of $50 or more when you use coupon code zzw5p-50 at checkout. coupon expires on wednesday, may 11, 2011. only one coupon per order may be used. weekly specials offers good through wednesday, may 11, 2011. czech glass beads - up to 36% off! swarovski heart pendants - up to 35% off! fire design tube beads - up to 31% off! pewter links - up to 32% off! check out our new and featured products! new druk beads new caspia products tools and supplies stoneware pendants receive the best discounts with our newsletter! sign up today to receive weekly newsletters from artbeads.com! with our email newsletters you'll receive special offers, new product introductions, exclusive coupons, free design ideas and news updates! go to the top right of the website to sign up!- may 5, 2011 - save 50% at the big deal! get 50% off more than 250 high-quality items during the big deal! that's right. you'll save 50% on all items in this sale, including lampwork beads, freshwater pearls, sterling silver charms, swarovski pendants and more. there's no minimum purchase and no coupon. just make sure to place your order before the sale ends on saturday, may 7, 2011. learning center sale expand your creative knowledge while saving on your favorite products during the learning center sale! for a limited time only, every item used in one of our more than 800 design ideas is 15% off. browse through jewelry and craft ideas to select your favorites. you'll find more than 5,000 sale items to choose from. enter zz-learning15 at checkout to save before this sale ends on saturday, may 7, 2011. make it for mom challenge enter the make it for mom challenge for a chance to win a $250 artbeads.com gift card to buy beads, findings and more! submit photographs and a brief description of your mother's day-themed design for your chance to not only receive a gift card, but to also be featured on artbeads.com in the learning center! artbeads.com coupon save 5% on orders of $50 or more when you use coupon code zzw5p-50 at checkout. coupon expires on wednesday, may 11, 2011. only one coupon per order may be used. weekly specials offers good through wednesday, may 11, 2011. czech glass beads - up to 36% off! swarovski heart pendants - up to 35% off! fire design tube beads - up to 31% off! pewter links - up to 32% off! check out our new and featured products! new druk beads new caspia products tools and supplies stoneware pendants receive the best discounts with our newsletter! sign up today to receive weekly newsletters from artbeads.com! with our email newsletters you'll receive special offers, new product introductions, exclusive coupons, free design ideas and news updates! go to the top right of the website to sign up!- may 3, 2011 - cart and checkout makeover our cart and checkout pages have just received a makeover! in addition to its gorgeous new design, you might notice a few small changes that are meant to help improve your shopping experience. learning center sale expand your creative knowledge while saving on your favorite products during the learning center sale! for a limited time only, every item used in one of our more than 800 design ideas is 15% off. browse through jewelry and craft ideas to select your favorites. you'll find more than 5,000 sale items to choose from. enter zz-learning15 at checkout to save before this sale ends on saturday, may 7, 2011. make it for mom challenge enter the make it for mom challenge for a chance to win a $250 artbeads.com gift card to buy beads, findings and more! submit photographs and a brief description of your mother's day-themed design for your chance to not only receive a gift card, but to also be featured on artbeads.com in the learning center! new fall and winter wedding trends for 2011, fall and winter wedding trends lean more toward traditional than in years past, featuring a strong vintage appeal in both style and color choice. brides are also creating many of the arrangements themselves, allowing them to personalize their weddings while saving money. artbeads.com coupon save 5% on orders of $30 or more when you use coupon code zzw5p-30 at checkout. coupon expires on wednesday, may 4, 2011. only one coupon per order may be used. weekly specials offers good through wednesday, may 4, 2011. nunn design™ tags - up to 31% off! cz bezel links - up to 32% off! base metal chain - up to 33% off! hill tribe beads - up to 28% off! check out our new and featured products! new fire-polished beads new steampunk new swarovski crystal finished necklaces and bracelets receive the best discounts with our newsletter! sign up today to receive weekly newsletters from artbeads.com! with our email newsletters you'll receive special offers, new product introductions, exclusive coupons, free design ideas and news updates! go to the top right of the website to sign up!- april 28, 2011 - artbeads cash for a limited time only, maximize your savings with artbeads cash! simply use the codes below to get savings worth up to $45. the more you buy, the more you'll save with these storewide coupons. enter the code of your choice at checkout before the cash disappears on monday, may 2, 2011. $3 off orders $30 or more with zz-abcash3-30 - save up to 10% $7 off orders $50 or more with zz-abcash7-50 - save up to 14% $14 off orders $80 or more with zz-abcash14-80 - save up to 17.5% $25 off orders $125 or more with zz-abcash25-125 - save up to 20% $45 off orders $200 or more with zz-abcash45-200 - save up to 22.5% mother's day gifts save 15% on quick and easy gift ideas just in time for mother's day! this impressive selection includes stylish pendants, necklaces and jewelry kits along with books and tools. and right now, you can save even more on these wonderful gift ideas by combining your 15% discount with artbeads cash. shop now before this sale ends on monday, may 2, 2011. make it for mom challenge enter the make it for mom challenge for a chance to win a $250 artbeads.com gift card to buy beads, findings and more! submit photographs and a brief description of your mother's day-themed design for your chance to not only receive a gift card, but to also be featured on artbeads.com in the learning center! new fall and winter wedding trends for 2011, fall and winter wedding trends lean more toward traditional than in years past, featuring a strong vintage appeal in both style and color choice. brides are also creating many of the arrangements themselves, allowing them to personalize their weddings while saving money. artbeads.com coupon save 5% on orders of $30 or more when you use coupon code zzw5p-30 at checkout. coupon expires on wednesday, may 4, 2011. only one coupon per order may be used. weekly specials offers good through wednesday, may 4, 2011. nunn design™ tags - up to 31% off! cz bezel links - up to 32% off! base metal chain - up to 33% off! hill tribe beads - up to 28% off! check out our new and featured products! new fire-polished beads new steampunk new swarovski crystal finished necklaces and bracelets receive the best discounts with our newsletter! sign up today to receive weekly newsletters from artbeads.com! with our email newsletters you'll receive special offers, new product introductions, exclusive coupons, free design ideas and news updates! go to the top right of the website to sign up!- april 21, 2011 - make it for mom sale save 15% storewide on orders of $45 or more during the make it for mom sale! pick up everything you need to create a design your mother will appreciate, whether her tastes run toward bold focal pieces or delicate accents. enter zz-mom15 at checkout to take advantage of this sale before it ends on saturday, april 23, 2011. new fall and winter wedding trends for 2011, fall and winter wedding trends lean more toward traditional than in years past, featuring a strong vintage appeal in both style and color choice. brides are also creating many of the arrangements themselves, allowing them to personalize their weddings while saving money. make it for mom challenge enter the make it for mom challenge for a chance to win a $250 artbeads.com gift card to buy beads, findings and more! submit photographs and a brief description of your mother's day-themed design for your chance to not only receive a gift card, but to also be featured on artbeads.com in the learning center! introducing gilders paste find out all about this fun new product and how you can apply it to anything from jewelry to decorations around the house. gilders paste makes it easy to add color and detail to metal, polymer clay, wood and wax! artbeads.com coupon save 5% on orders of $40 or more when you use coupon code zzw5p-40 at checkout. coupon expires on wednesday, april 27, 2011. only one coupon per order may be used. weekly specials offers good through wednesday, april 27, 2011. caspia beads - up to 33% off! earring findings - up to 32% off! stoneware beads - up to 34% off! tierracast® charms - up to 32% off! check out our new and featured products! introducing gilders paste new cabochons earring findings tools and supplies receive the best discounts with our newsletter! sign up today to receive weekly newsletters from artbeads.com! with our email newsletters you'll receive special offers, new product introductions, exclusive coupons, free design ideas and news updates! go to the top right of the website to sign up!- april 14, 2011 - string-a-palooza save 15% on all chain and stringing material during the string-a-palooza! this is a great time to get basic elements for your designs. everything from jewelry wire and silk cord to sterling silver and base metal chain is on sale. enter zz-palooza15 at checkout to save before this sale ends on wednesday, april 20, 2011. get connected sale create the perfect connections for your designs with the amazing clasps in this sale! for a limited time only, save up to 35% on more than 350 select clasps. whether you're looking for a simple finish or a show-stopping focal, this sale is your opportunity to save. make sure to order before the discounts disappear on wednesday, april 20, 2011. easter projects browse colorful products and find free design instructions in our easter-themed section. easter has become full of pastel colors and egg-like shapes, and is celebrated by christians and non-christians alike! these beads are sure to add color, depth and meaning to your holiday designs. no shipping on easter sunday artbeads.com will be closed on easter sunday, april 24, 2011. no orders will be processed or shipped on that day. normal processing and shipping will begin again on monday. artbeads.com coupon save 5% on orders of $75 or more when you use coupon code zzw5p-75 at checkout. coupon expires on wednesday, april 20, 2011. only one coupon per order may be used. weekly specials offers good through wednesday, april 20, 2011. pewter spacer and links - up to 33% off! organza bags - up to 33% off! swarovski cube beads - up to 33% off! rubber cord - up to 32% off! check out our new and featured products! new findings new swarovski products new finished bracelets brass and copper collage pendants receive the best discounts with our newsletter! sign up today to receive weekly newsletters from artbeads.com! with our email newsletters you'll receive special offers, new product introductions, exclusive coupons, free design ideas and news updates! go to the top right of the website to sign up!- april 12, 2011 - 25% coupon frenzy for 48 hours, shop the 25% coupon frenzy to save huge on four unique collections! add colorful focal pieces to your designs with hand-painted porcelain pendants and canvas wood pendants or browse lightweight beads and components in both metallite™ and wood. enter coupon code zz-frenzy25 to save before these amazing discounts expire on wednesday, april 13, 2011.- april 7, 2011 - swarovski spectacular for a limited time only, shop the swarovski spectacular and save 15% on a beautiful selection of high-quality crystal from swarovski elements. all of your favorites are on sale, including gorgeous pendants, faceted beads, crystal pearls, rhinestones, rivolis and more. add some sparkle to your collection! use zz-april15 at checkout to save before this sale ends on wednesday, april 13, 2011. swarovski findings add finishing touches to swarovski elements crystal pendants and beads with these eye-catching findings, which include everything from bails and rivoli settings to bead caps and frames. the swarovski findings section helps you see what swarovski products work with each finding, making them easy to add to your designs. easter projects browse colorful products and find free design instructions in our easter-themed section. easter has become full of pastel colors and egg-like shapes, and is celebrated by christians and non-christians alike! these beads are sure to add color, depth and meaning to your holiday designs. artbeads.com coupon save 5% on orders of $50 or more when you use coupon code zzw5p-50 at checkout. coupon expires on wednesday, april 13, 2011. only one coupon per order may be used. weekly specials offers good through wednesday, april 13, 2011. silk ribbon - up to 32% off! pewter cones - up to 32% off! wood links - up to 34% off! shell pendants - up to 34% off! check out our new and featured products! new sassy silkies new tierracast® clasps new limited edition items sterling silver charms receive the best discounts with our newsletter! sign up today to receive weekly newsletters from artbeads.com! with our email newsletters you'll receive special offers, new product introductions, exclusive coupons, free design ideas and news updates! go to the top right of the website to sign up!- april 05, 2011 - overstock tent sale we need to make room on our shelves, and we thought you should benefit from this spring cleaning! for 48 hours only, receive discounts of up to 53% on 431 popular products during the overstock tent sale! with products ranging from swarovski crystal to sterling silver, this sale is a great opportunity to stock up on supplies. make sure to place your order before these great deals disappear on wednesday, april 6, 2011.- april 1, 2011 - artbeanz are coming soon beads made out of coffee beans?! find out more about this creative and vibrant selection of artbeanz, soon to be added to our regular line. these playful beads are made from coffee beans carefully harvested in colombia and hand-crafted by artisans to give them a unique and beautiful appearance. artistic glass sale for a limited time, save up to 65% on a selection of more than 770 artistic glass beads! from grace lampwork and fire designs beads to paula radke dichroic glass and caspia large-hole beads, these gorgeous creations will add beauty and color to your designs. browse to find your favorites, and make sure to order before this sale ends on wednesday, april 6, 2011. fabulous pewter is 15% off right now, save 15% on all of our fabulous pewter! with a variety of finishes and beautiful details, these economical beads and components are a dream to use. our pewter is 100% lead-free and has high quality standards. make sure use coupon code zz-pewter15 before this sale ends on wednesday, april 6, 2011. easter projects browse colorful products and find free design instructions in our easter-themed section. easter has become full of pastel colors and egg-like shapes, and is celebrated by christians and non-christians alike! these beads are sure to add color, depth and meaning to your holiday designs. artbeads.com coupon save 5% on orders of $30 or more when you use coupon code zzw5p-30 at checkout. coupon expires on wednesday, april 6, 2011. only one coupon per order may be used. weekly specials offers good through wednesday, april 6, 2011. swarovski pendants - up to 35% off! brass bails - up to 33% off! fire-polished beads - up to 32% off bead caps - up to 34% off! check out our new and featured products! new tierracast® new tila beads new druk beads hill tribe silver receive the best discounts with our newsletter! sign up today to receive weekly newsletters from artbeads.com! with our email newsletters you'll receive special offers, new product introductions, exclusive coupons, free design ideas and news updates! go to the top right of the website to sign up!- march 29, 2011 - brand new 7-inch gemstone strands check out our brand new 7-inch gemstone strands, available for a limited time at a special 10% introductory discount! these shorter strands allow you to be even more selective as you shop. use them to explore new types of beads or to order just the right amount for one design. hurry! this special offer ends on thursday, march 31, 2011. end of month blowout get up to 60% off more than 3,700 items during the end of month blowout! shop this enormous sale to save on a huge selection of popular items ranging from swarovski rhinestones and toho seed beads to venetian glass and pewter charms. make sure to order before supplies run out! this sale comes to an end on thursday, march 31, 2011.- march 24, 2011 - international silver sale save 14% on beads and components from around the world during our international silver sale! all sterling silver is on sale, from bali beads hand-crafted in indonesia to simple and elegant clasps from italy. you'll be amazed at the quality and beauty of these international treasures. as you shop, find out for yourself where each bead came from by checking just below the add to cart button. make sure to use zz-sterling14 to save before this sale ends on thursday, march 31, 2011. gemstone and pearl sale for a limited time only, save up to 35% on more than 400 gemstones and pearls! shop this sale to save on swarovski pearls, genuine freshwater pearls and colorful gemstone strands ranging from turquoise to lapis lazuli. this sale features many gorgeous beads in a variety colors. make sure to place your order before this sale ends on thursday, march 31, 2011. we have a road to tucson sweepstakes winner congratulations to diann o. from florida! she won a trip for two to the 2012 tucson gem and mineral show that includes airfare, hotel, transportation and a beading class! diann is a beginning beader and loves to create bracelets and simple earrings. she's not sure who is coming with her yet but is excited to look at all of the beads and visit arizona (she's never been). have a wonderful trip, diann! easter projects browse colorful products and find free design instructions in our easter-themed section. easter has become full of pastel colors and egg-like shapes, and is celebrated by christians and non-christians alike! these beads are sure to add color, depth and meaning to your holiday designs. artbeads.com coupon save 5% on orders of $40 or more when you use coupon code zzw5p-40 at checkout. coupon expires on thursday, march 31, 2011. only one coupon per order may be used. weekly specials offers good through thursday, march 31, 2011. bulk chain - up to 30% off! charms - up to 30% off! freshwater pearls - up to 33% off! toggle clasps - up to 29% off! check out our new and featured products! new innovations new sassy silkies new findings cz beads & components receive the best discounts with our newsletter! sign up today to receive weekly newsletters from artbeads.com! with our email newsletters you'll receive special offers, new product introductions, exclusive coupons, free design ideas and news updates! go to the top right of the website to sign up!- march 22, 2011 - colossal clasps sale for 48 hours only, save 15% on our entire inventory of clasps! with more than 1,000 clasps to choose from, you're sure to find something for your next project. whether you're looking for fancy toggles or spring rings and lobster clasps, be sure to use coupon code zz-clasp15 at checkout to save before this sale ends on wednesday, march 23, 2011. venetian glass sale for 48 hours only, save up to 35% on our collection of venetian glass! from caspia large-hole beads to vibrantly colored pendants, this collection is full of brilliant focal pieces just waiting to add detail and beauty to your creations. each bead is carefully fashioned by hand. make sure to order before this sale ends on wednesday, march 23, 2011.- march 17, 2011 - spring clearance get a fantastic deal on a wide range of products during our spring clearance! plus, right now you can save an additional 40% on already low clearance prices with coupon code zz-spring40. the sooner you buy, the more you save. each day the spring clearance coupon will decrease in value, so be sure to place your order today to get the best discount possible! the sale ends on monday, march 21, 2011.easter projects browse colorful products and find free design instructions in our easter-themed section. easter has become full of pastel colors and egg-like shapes, and is celebrated by christians and non-christians alike! these beads are sure to add color, depth and meaning to your holiday designs.shop new swarovski innovations this latest edition of innovations is all about reconnecting with nature and discovering the natural joys of our environment. browse new crystal colors and see fun new shapes, ranging from contemporary hearts to cutout triangle pendants. keep checking our innovations page, as we will continue to update it with new products.artbeads.com coupon save 5% on orders of $75 or more when you use coupon code zzw5p-75 at checkout. coupon expires on wednesday, march 23, 2011. only one coupon per order may be used.weekly specials - offers good through wednesday, march 23, 2011. cabochons - up to 32% off! brass links - up to 30% off! seed beads - up to 31% off! ribbon settings - up to 29% off!check out our new and featured products! new tierracast® http://www.artbeads.com/tierracast-new-additions.html new swarovski innovations http://www.artbeads.com/new-swarovski-innovations.html finished necklaces http://www.artbeads.com/jewelry-supplies-finished-necklaces.html over 1,000 miyuki seed beads http://www.artbeads.com/delicas-glass-seed-beads.htmlreceive the best discounts with our newsletter! sign up today to receive weekly newsletters from artbeads.com! with our email newsletters you'll receive special offers, new product introductions, exclusive coupons, free design ideas and news updates! go to the top right of the website to sign up!- march 15, 2011 - swarovski crystal sale for 48 hours only, save 15% on more than 1,200 swarovski crystal beads and components! you'll find a brilliant selection, ranging from beads and pendants to rhinestones and settings. with the many colors and shapes available in this sale, it's easy to discover something to give your designs the classy appearance swarovski crystals are known for. this sale ends on wednesday, march 16, 2011, so be sure to use zz-ss15 at checkout before it's too late! sterling silver sale shop the 48-hour sterling silver sale to save 15% on more than 300 sterling silver beads and components. start your designs in style with gleaming sterling silver chain or finish them with one of the eye-catching clasps in this sale. you'll also find a beautiful selection of beads and charms. this sale ends on wednesday, march 16, 2011, so be sure to use zz-ss15 at checkout before time runs out!- march 10, 2011 - luck of the irish sale whether you're irish or not, this is your lucky day! shop the luck of the irish sale to save 20% on all orders of $60 or more storewide. with products ranging from gold-filled beads and sparkling swarovski crystals to stringing materials and basic supplies, there's enough treasure to make any self-respecting leprechaun go wild. many items are sure to sell out, so enter zz-irish20 at checkout before the pot of gold disappears on monday, march 14, 2011.ending soon - road to tucson sweepstakes make sure to enter the road to tucson sweepstakes before it ends on march 16, 2011! you could win a trip for two to tucson, arizona, to attend the 2012 gem, mineral and fossil showcase! if you win, you'll spend three days in tucson surrounded by gems, minerals, fossils, beads and other bead lovers just like you. click here for more information.2011 prom trends find out what's new and exciting for prom in 2011! this year's prom trends allow you to display your own style. whether you prefer the look of classic elegance or love the eye-catching gleam of color and movement, there's something here for you.artbeads.com coupon save 5% on orders of $50 or more when you use coupon code zzw5p-50 at checkout. coupon expires on wednesday, march 16, 2011. only one coupon per order may be used.weekly specials - offers good through wednesday, march 16, 2011. finished necklaces - up to 30% off! pewter pendants - up to 30% off! fire-design tube beads - up to 29% off! alphabet beads - up to 29% off!check out our new and featured products! new retro copper beads http://www.artbeads.com/copper-components-new.html new caspia items http://www.artbeads.com/caspia-new-additions.html watch faces http://www.artbeads.com/watch-faces.html stoneware pendants http://www.artbeads.com/stoneware-pendants.htmlreceive the best discounts with our newsletter! sign up today to receive weekly newsletters from artbeads.com! with our email newsletters you'll receive special offers, new product introductions, exclusive coupons, free design ideas and news updates! go to the top right of the website to sign up!- march 8, 2011 - mixed metal sale for 48 hours only, shop the mixed metal sale to save 15% on more than 720 products! we know you have your favorite metals, so we've included an assortment ranging from hill tribe silver and gold-filled components to pewter and base metal. whether you're looking for pendants and beads or links and findings, this sale is a great opportunity to save! enter zz-metal15 before the sale ends on wednesday, march 9, 2011.- march 3, 2011 - customer appreciation sale we think you're great, and we'd like to express our appreciation! to thank you for being a loyal artbeads customer, we're giving you a coupon worth 25% savings on more than 730 products in 10 of our most popular categories. you'll find everything from swarovski pearls and artist pendants to base metal chain and czech glass druks. there's no minimum order. simply enter zz-cap25 to save before the sale ends on monday, march 7, 2011. 2011 prom trends find out what's new and exciting for prom in 2011! this year's prom trends allow you to display your own style. whether you prefer the look of classic elegance or love the eye-catching gleam of color and movement, there's something here for you. road to tucson sweepstakes we love our annual trip to tucson, and we want to offer you a chance to enjoy the same experience! right now, you can enter the road to tucson sweepstakes for a chance to win a trip for two to tucson, arizona, to attend the 2012 gem, mineral and fossil showcase! if you win, you'll spend three days in tucson surrounded by gems, minerals, fossils, beads and other bead lovers just like you. click here for more information. artbeads.com coupon save 5% on orders of $30 or more when you use coupon code zzw5p-30 at checkout. coupon expires on wednesday, march 9, 2011. only one coupon per order may be used. weekly specials offers good through wednesday, march 9, 2011. swarovski pearls - up to 45% off! bali beads - up to 33% off! shell pendants - up to 31% off! venetian blown glass - up to 28% off! check out our new and featured products! new druk beads new tierracast® charms silk ribbon resin flower beads receive the best discounts with our newsletter! sign up today to receive weekly newsletters from artbeads.com! with our email newsletters you'll receive special offers, new product introductions, exclusive coupons, free design ideas and news updates! go to the top right of the website to sign up!- march 1, 2011 - march madness dollar day sale for 48 hours only, shop more than 1,300 items on sale for $1.00 or less during the march madness dollar days sale! receive discounts of 10%-65% on products ranging from rhinestones and seed beads to findings and chain. this sale has a little bit of everything with prices too low to resist! make sure to place your order before the sale ends on wednesday, march 2, 2011.- february 24, 2011 - february frenzy we're going crazy with coupons here at artbeads during the february frenzy. right now, you can choose from four different sales to save 15%. shop swarovski crystal, seed beads, sterling silver or caspia before these sales end on monday, february 28, 2011. visit our coupon page to start saving. top-rated ceramic and porcelain beads we've recently updated our top picks page with an entirely new section featuring top-rated ceramic and porcelain beads! to make the cut, these beads had to receive the highest ratings from our customers. visit the new top-rated ceramic and porcelain page, and then feel free to browse other top rated and top selling sections to keep up-to-date on the most popular products at artbeads.com. road to tucson sweepstakes we love our annual trip to tucson, and we want to offer you a chance to enjoy the same experience! right now, you can enter the road to tucson sweepstakes for a chance to win a trip for two to tucson, arizona, to attend the 2012 gem, mineral and fossil showcase! if you win, you'll spend three days in tucson surrounded by gems, minerals, fossils, beads and other bead lovers just like you. click here for more information. weekly coupon save 5% on orders of $40 or more when you use coupon code zzw5p-40 at checkout. coupon expires on wednesday, march 2, 2011. only one coupon per order may be used. weekly specials offers good through wednesday, march 2, 2011. sterling silver spacer bars - up to 27% off! swarovski rhinestones - up to 30% off! pewter bails - up to 30% off! paua shell pendants - up to 28% off! check out our new and featured products! new czech glass new pearl-coat druk beads swarovski pendants beautiful bails receive the best discounts with our newsletter! sign up today to receive weekly newsletters from artbeads.com! with our email newsletters you'll receive special offers, new product introductions, exclusive coupons, free design ideas and news updates! go to the top right of the website to sign up!- february 22, 2011 - 48-hour overstock sale we're buried in beads and we need your help! shop the 48-hour overstock sale and save up to 35% on more than 360 popular items in rich supply! you'll find everything from freshwater pearls and gemstones to findings and chain. be sure to pick up some beads (and help us dig our way out) before this sale ends on wednesday, february 23, 2011. february frenzy we're going crazy with coupons here at artbeads during the february frenzy. right now, you can choose from four different sales to save 15%. shop swarovski crystal, seed beads, sterling silver or caspia before these sales end on monday, february 28, 2011. visit our coupon page for the codes that you'll need to start saving.- february 17, 2011 - presidents day sale for a limited time only, choose your coupon to save storewide during the presidents day sale. use the codes listed on our products page to get up to $45 back on your next order. the more you buy, the more you'll save! make sure to shop before this sale ends on monday, february 21, 2011. road to tucson sweepstakes we love our annual trip to tucson, and we want to offer you a chance to enjoy the same experience! right now, you can enter the road to tucson sweepstakes for a chance to win a trip for two to tucson, arizona, to attend the 2012 gem, mineral and fossil showcase! if you win, you'll spend three days in tucson surrounded by gems, minerals, fossils, beads and other bead lovers just like you. click here for more information. weekly coupon save 5% on orders of $75 or more when you use coupon code zzw5p-75 at checkout. coupon expires on wednesday, february 23, 2011. only one coupon per order may be used. weekly specials offers good through wednesday, february 16, 2011. bulk chain - up to 31% off! stoneware beads - up to 30% off! gold-filled jump rings - up to 29% off! cubic zirconia beads - up to 31% off! check out our new and featured products! new tierracast® products new matte druks new nunn designs™ items new czech glass beads receive the best discounts with our newsletter! sign up today to receive weekly newsletters from artbeads.com! with our email newsletters you'll receive special offers, new product introductions, exclusive coupons, free design ideas and news updates! go to the top right of the website to sign up!- february 14, 2011 - bulk chain and stringing material sale for two days only, save 15% on our entire selection of chain and stringing materials. browse products ranging from sterling silver and base metal chain to crystal yarn and beading wire. with the marvelous selection available to you in this sale, you're sure to find materials for many projects to come. use zz-string15 to save before this sale ends at 10:30am (pt) on thursday, february 17, 2011. website maintenance from 8pm pt on february 16 to 4am pt on february 17, we will not be able to process gift certificates, gift cards or coupons due to system maintenance. other payment methods and order processing will continue as normal during this period. we apologize for the inconvenience.- february 10, 2011 - sweetheart sale shop the sweetheart sale to save 20% on all orders of $60 or more storewide. use this fantastic discount to stock up on basic supplies or to save on artistic focal pieces that will draw the eye to your designs. with such great savings, many items are sure to sell out, so enter zz-sweet20 at checkout before this sale ends on sunday, february 13, 2011. create a favorites list! have you heard of my favorites? it's a simple list-building feature on our website that makes it easy to email friends and family a list of your favorite products. it's great for valentine's day, mother's day and other important gift-giving occasions. for the rest of the year, it's a convenient way to keep track of items you love and reorder often. unlike items left in your shopping cart, items in your favorites list will be saved and ready for you the next time you shop. see how to create a list for yourself and email it to whomever you like in a few simple steps. gift wrapping for valentine's day for a limited time only, you can have your entire order gift wrapped in valentine's day colors! for just $2.99, we will wrap your order in beautiful red tissue paper that is carefully tucked inside white organza gift bags. a gold color tag that reads "a special gift for you" completes the look. go to our gift wrapping page for more information. road to tucson sweepstakes we love our annual trip to tucson, and we want to offer you a chance to enjoy the same experience! right now, you can enter the road to tucson sweepstakes for a chance to win a trip for two to tucson, arizona, to attend the 2012 gem, mineral and fossil showcase! if you win, you'll spend 3 days in tucson surrounded by gems, minerals, fossils, beads and other bead lovers just like you. click here for more information. weekly coupon save 5% on orders of $50 or more when you use coupon code zzw5p-50 at checkout. coupon expires on wednesday, february 16, 2011. only one coupon per order may be used. weekly specials offers good through wednesday, february 16, 2011. venetian glass beads - up to 29% off! wood links - up to 30% off! toggle clasps - up to 29% off! porcelain beads - up to 30% off! check out our new and featured products! new nunn design™ tags new limited edition glass new caspia beads gorgeous pendants receive the best discounts with our newsletter! sign up today to receive weekly newsletters from artbeads.com! with our email newsletters you'll receive special offers, new product introductions, exclusive coupons, free design ideas and news updates! go to the top right of the website to sign up!- february 3, 2011 - findings fest for a limited time only, shop the findings fest and save 15% on a wide selection of jewelry findings, ranging from clasps and links to endcaps and jump rings. use this great opportunity to stock up on the basics so that you have what you need when you're ready to make something beautiful. be sure to enter coupon code zz-basic15 before the sale ends on wednesday, february 9, 2011. gift wrapping for valentine's day for a limited time only, you can have your entire order gift wrapped in valentine's day colors! for just $2.99, we will wrap your order in beautiful red tissue paper that is carefully tucked inside white organza gift bags. a gold color tag that reads "a special gift for you" completes the look. go to our gift wrapping page for more information. 2011 tucson gem and mineral show representatives of artbeads.com are currently visiting the 2011 tucson gem and mineral show! they are searching out new products and sponsoring some exciting make and take projects featuring swarovski elements supplies. visit our tucson page to find out more about this fun event. participate in the virtual road trip to tucson if you weren't able to make it to the tucson gem and mineral show this year, don't fret! follow along on our virtual road trip to tuscon to see the latest news and happenings from this exciting event and you'll feel like you're right there with us. with updates coming in from twitter, facebook, and flickr, the virtual road trip will keep you in the loop! road to tucson sweepstakes we love our annual trip to tucson, and we want to offer you a chance to enjoy the same experience! right now, you can enter the road to tucson sweepstakes for a chance to win a trip for two to tucson, arizona to attend the 2012 gem, mineral and fossil showcase! if you win, you'll spend 3 days in tucson surrounded by gems, minerals, fossils, beads and other bead lovers just like you. click here for more information. weekly coupon save 5% on orders of $30 or more when you use coupon code zzw5p-30 at checkout. coupon expires on wednesday, february 9, 2011. only one coupon per order may be used. weekly specials offers good through wednesday, february 9, 2011. swarovski beads - up to 33% off! earring findings - up to 32% off! pressed czech glass beads - up to 36% off! organza bags - up to 34% off! check out our new and featured products! new swarovski new tierracast® metamorphosis new vintage beads caspia receive the best discounts with our newsletter! sign up today to receive weekly newsletters from artbeads.com! with our email newsletters you'll receive special offers, new product introductions, exclusive coupons, free design ideas and news updates! go to the top right of the website to sign up!- february 1, 2011 - pearl sale for 48-hours only, shop the artbeads.com pearl sale to save 20% on our entire collection of pearl beads. in addition to the classic beauty of freshwater pearls in a variety of elegant colors and shapes, this sale includes swarovski crystal pearls, large-hole caspia pearl beads and czech glass pearls. take advantage of this sale by entering coupon code zz-pearl20 at checkout before this offer ends on wednesday, february 2, 2011.- january 28, 2011 - 15% off all religious and spirituality items for a limited time only, save 15% on our entire collection of religious and spirituality items. this sale is full of beads, buttons, pendants, charms and other supplies, all with spiritual symbols that have significance to a diverse group of religions and peoples. browse through and find yours. be sure to use coupon code zz-peace15 before this offer ends on wednesday, february 2, 2011. resin and collage sale shop the resin and collage sale to save 15% on a variety of products that make it easy to create unique, hand-crafted focal pieces. you'll find resins and gloss, along with collage pendants, rings and transfer sheets. use coupon code zz-peace15 to save before the sale ends on monday, january 31, 2011. not sure how to use these supplies? you can also view handy tips for helpful tutorials featuring resin and transfers. gift wrapping for valentine's day for a limited time only, you can have your entire order gift wrapped in valentine's day colors! for just $2.99, we will wrap your order in beautiful red tissue paper that is carefully tucked inside white organza gift bags. a gold color tag that reads "a special gift for you" completes the look. go to our gift wrapping page for more information. buy like a wholesaler get wholesale price discounts on more than 7,000 items regardless of quantity during the buy like a wholesaler sale. we've been organizing our warehouse to make room for all the treasures we'll find at tucson, and that means great deals for you! shop this huge selection of products, ranging from charms and chain to swarovski rhinestones and glass beads before it ends on monday, january 31, 2011. 2011 tucson gem and mineral show this february, artbeads.com is visiting the 2011 tucson gem and mineral show! we'll be searching out new products and sponsoring some exciting make and take projects featuring swarovski elements supplies. visit our tucson page to find out more about this fun event. road to tucson sweepstakes we love our annual trip to tucson, and we want to offer you a chance to enjoy the same experience! right now, you can enter the road to tucson sweepstakes for a chance to win a trip for two to tucson, arizona to attend the 2012 gem, mineral and fossil showcase! if you win, you'll spend 3 days in tucson surrounded by gems, minerals, fossils, beads and other bead lovers just like you. click here for more information. weekly coupon save 5% on orders of $40 or more when you use coupon code zzw5p-40 at checkout. coupon expires on wednesday, february 2, 2011. only one coupon per order may be used. weekly specials offers good through wednesday, february 2, 2011. bulk chain - up to 32% off! venetian blown glass - up to 29% off! pewter pendants - up to 31% off! spacer bars - up to 31% off! check out our new and featured products! new nunn design™ pendants new czech glass beads your source for tierracast® beautiful swarovski bicones receive the best discounts with our newsletter! sign up today to receive weekly newsletters from artbeads.com! with our email newsletters you'll receive special offers, new product introductions, exclusive coupons, free design ideas and news updates! go to the top right of the website to sign up!- january 25, 2011 - dollar days sale for a limited time only, more than 800 items are on sale for a dollar or less at artbeads! take advantage of this opportunity and shop the dollar days sale for savings ranging from 15% to 65%. you'll find everything from stringing material and base metal components to swarovski rhinestones and silver beads. make sure to place your order before the sale ends on thursday, january 27, 2011.- january 20, 2011 - shop the swarovski spectacular for a limited time only, shop the swarovski spectacular and save 15% on a beautiful selection of swarovski elements products. use this sale to add some sparkle and brilliance to your designs! you'll find gorgeous pendants, faceted beads, pearls, rhinestones, rivolis and more. use coupon code zz-sparkle15 at checkout to save before the sale ends on monday, january 24, 2011. gift wrapping for valentine's day for a limited time only, you can have your entire order gift wrapped in valentine's day colors! for just $2.99, we will wrap your order in beautiful red tissue paper that is carefully tucked inside white organza gift bags. a gold color tag that reads "a special gift for you" completes the look. go to our gift wrapping page for more information. 2011 tucson gem and mineral show this february, artbeads.com is visiting the 2011 tucson gem and mineral show! we'll be searching out new products and sponsoring some exciting make and take projects featuring swarovski elements supplies. visit our tucson page to find out more about this fun event. road to tucson sweepstakes we love our annual trip to tucson, and we want to offer you a chance to enjoy the same experience! right now, you can enter the road to tucson sweepstakes for a chance to win a trip for two to tucson, arizona to attend the 2012 gem, mineral and fossil showcase! if you win, you'll spend 3 days in tucson surrounded by gems, minerals, fossils, beads and other bead lovers just like you. click here for more information. weekly coupon save 5% on orders of $75 or more when you use coupon code zzw5p-75 at checkout. coupon expires on thursday, january 27, 2011. only one coupon per order may be used. weekly specials offers good through thursday, january 27, 2010. fire-polished beads - up to 31% off! caspia beads- up to 31% off! bead bars - up to 30% off! seed beads - up to 34% off! check out our new and featured products! new czech glass new nunn design™ links swarovski xilion settings lightweight resin cameos receive the best discounts with our newsletter! sign up today to receive weekly newsletters from artbeads.com! with our email newsletters you'll receive special offers, new product introductions, exclusive coupons, free design ideas and news updates! go to the top right of the website to sign up!back to topprintable questions/answers __userid__ news.html customer service contact us faq shipping info returns ordering info order status company info about us artbeads news jobs our guarantee privacy policy wholesale buyers mobile site info site search faq site map secure ordering login faq community artbeads blog customer reviews the answer box facebook, myspace, twitter youtube link to us copyright © 1999-2012 artbeads.com®, a stores in motion company. all rights reserved. on sale! new products  | clearance  | coupons  | top picks  | themes  | gift cards  | learning center  | getting started  | videos  | community my favorites view cart my account | log in welcome $$firstname$$ my account | log out faq | customer service 1-866-715-bead (2323) search 24-hour shipping >> save 5% on orders $30 or more >>