来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20121225234441/http://www.artbeads.com/news.html
================================================================================

artbeads.com news search toollearning centerproductsswarovski elements swarovski beads swarovski flatbacks swarovski crystal pearls swarovski components swarovski pendants swarovski filigree swarovski resources becharmed collection lassero boutique jewelry supplies beads glass beads sterling silver beads alphabet beads seed beads pearl beads bali silver thai silver gemstones findings clasps earring components charms pendants stringing materials chain wire tools & supplies bracelets necklaces buttons cabochons embellishments rings watch faces jewelry-making kits bags & boxes crafts & accessories beading books & dvds featured categories brands & collections artistic treasures awareness items caspia™ large-hole jewelry gift ideas kumihimo tools & supplies limited edition mixed media & metal working steampunk themes zambapro® clearance shop by material sterling silver silver-filled 925/10 gold-filled & vermeil swarovski crystal glass base metal pewter acrylic & resin ceramic & porcelain copper cubic zirconia (cz) enamel fibers gemstones pearl beads shell stainless steel wood more supplies artbeads.com merchandise clearance crystal beads rhinestones gemstone beads glass beads other beads silver beads artbeads.com news - january 10, 2013 - save 20% storewide we're starting 2013 with fantastic deals! right now, save 20% storewide on all orders of $25 or more using promo code zz2025 at checkout. remember, all us orders using this code also get free economy shipping (just choose that option at checkout). while the cold winter days keep you inside, stock up your beading supplies and prepare your spring wardrobe. just make sure to place your order before this sale ends on wednesday, january 16, 2013. spring and summer wedding trends for 2013 an incredible amount of planning goes into making a wedding just right, and we're here to help with fresh new wedding trends for 2013. find out what the famous designers are doing, and then get ideas for decorating your space (and yourself) with this year's up-and-coming color—blue! check out our new and featured products! jbb findings swarovski elements beads gloss and resin receive the best discounts with our newsletter! sign up today to receive newsletters from artbeads.com! with our email newsletters you'll receive special offers, new product introductions, exclusive coupons, free design ideas and news updates! go to the top right of the website to sign up! - january 3, 2013 - 1000 hearts sale - save 25% shop our 1000 hearts sale and save 25% on hearts of all shapes and sizes with promo code zzheart25. these savings include heart clasps, chains, findings, beads and much more. add the classic symbol of love to your designs at an incredible price, just in time for valentine's day. hurry! this code expires on wednesday, january 9, 2013. spring and summer wedding trends for 2013 an incredible amount of planning goes into making a wedding just right, and we're here to help with fresh new wedding trends for 2013. find out what the famous designers are doing, and then get ideas for decorating your space (and yourself) with this year's up-and-coming color—blue! check out our new and featured products! russian artist pendants vintage reproduction chain swarovski elements receive the best discounts with our newsletter! sign up today to receive newsletters from artbeads.com! with our email newsletters you'll receive special offers, new product introductions, exclusive coupons, free design ideas and news updates! go to the top right of the website to sign up! - december 28, 2012 - save up to 70% on clearance items save an extra 25% on already reduced clearance prices with promo code zzclear25 at checkout. with this code, you'll be able to save up to 70%! get savings on a variety of jewelry supplies, including many items just added to clearance. make sure to place your order soon, before supplies run out or the code expires on wednesday, january 2, 2013. check out our new and featured products! jill mackay jewelry-making kits nunn design receive the best discounts with our newsletter! sign up today to receive newsletters from artbeads.com! with our email newsletters you'll receive special offers, new product introductions, exclusive coupons, free design ideas and news updates! go to the top right of the website to sign up! - december 20, 2012 - hot buys - save 50% or more there's a little something for everyone in this selection of hot buys! save 50% or more on products ranging from silver and crystal to gemstones and freshwater pearls. these items are sure to sell quickly with such fantastic savings, so order your favorites while supplies last. this offer ends on wednesday, december 26, 2012. missed the shipping deadline? try a gift certificate! oops! time got the best of you and you forgot to place your order in time for a christmas delivery. well, you can still give a wonderful gift to the favorite beader in your life - an artbeads email gift certificate. these gift certificates can be used all at once or repeatedly until the gift amount is reached, and they arrive to the gift recipient's email within one business day of purchase. check out our new and featured products! buttons charms czech glass seed beads receive the best discounts with our newsletter! sign up today to receive newsletters from artbeads.com! with our email newsletters you'll receive special offers, new product introductions, exclusive coupons, free design ideas and news updates! go to the top right of the website to sign up! - december 13, 2012 - 25% off tierracast jewelry supplies save 25% on all tierracast products when you enter coupon code zztierracast at checkout. these quality beads and components are made with care in the usa. you'll love the detailed patterns and unique styles available. let tierracast help to set your designs apart. hurry! this awesome discount ends on wednesday, december 19, 2012. holiday shipping schedule our holiday shipping schedule is for the well-prepared and procrastinator alike. visit our shipping page to find out how far in advance (or how close to the deadline) to order all your christmas gifts and have them ship in time for the big day. artbeads.com gift cards and certificates not sure what to give your favorite beader for christmas? an artbeads.com gift card is an excellent option, since she'll be able to choose just what she wants from our store. here's what janet had to say about her gift certificate: i can only say every merchant should follow artbeads.com's lead. the company is outstanding from start to finish. they have a great selection, good prices, helpful tutorials, outstanding customer service, and easy to use website. i have tried to buy from a few other sites, and just can't find anything that compares. they are outstanding, and as far as i am concerned, my one and only supplier. my favorite gift from family members is a gift certificate from artbeads.com! check out our new and featured products! clasp and earring mixes miyuki berry beads cande pavé beads receive the best discounts with our newsletter! sign up today to receive newsletters from artbeads.com! with our email newsletters you'll receive special offers, new product introductions, exclusive coupons, free design ideas and news updates! go to the top right of the website to sign up! - december 6, 2012 - 20% off storewide with no minimum purchase back by popular demand, this 20% storewide sale makes it even easier to stock up on all of your favorite beading supplies. think of all the exciting new things you could create! start saving 20% today on any order with zzgreen20 at checkout before this fantastic deal ends on wednesday, december 12, 2012. holiday shipping schedule our holiday shipping schedule is for the well-prepared and procrastinator alike. visit our shipping page to find out how far in advance (or how close to the deadline) to order all your christmas gifts and have them ship in time for the big day. artbeads.com gift cards and certificates not sure what to give your favorite beader for christmas? an artbeads.com gift card is an excellent option, since she'll be able to choose just what she wants from our store. here's what janet had to say about her gift certificate: i can only say every merchant should follow artbeads.com's lead. the company is outstanding from start to finish. they have a great selection, good prices, helpful tutorials, outstanding customer service, and easy to use website. i have tried to buy from a few other sites, and just can't find anything that compares. they are outstanding, and as far as i am concerned, my one and only supplier. my favorite gift from family members is a gift certificate from artbeads.com! check out our new and featured products! pick-it-up vacuum tool valentine's day beads czech glass faceted roundel strands receive the best discounts with our newsletter! sign up today to receive newsletters from artbeads.com! with our email newsletters you'll receive special offers, new product introductions, exclusive coupons, free design ideas and news updates! go to the top right of the website to sign up! - november 29, 2012 - 50% off hot buys shop now to save 50% on an incredible selection of products using coupon code zzhot50 at checkout. from sparkling swarovski elements crystal to high-quality silver, this sale is full of items that you won't want to miss! this offer is only available while supplies last, so order soon for the best selection. the sale ends on wednesday, december 5, 2012. holiday shipping schedule our holiday shipping schedule is for the well-prepared and procrastinator alike. visit our shipping page to find out how far in advance (or how close to the deadline) to order all your christmas gifts and have them ship in time for the big day. artbeads.com gift cards and certificates not sure what to give your favorite beader for christmas? an artbeads.com gift card is an excellent option, since she'll be able to choose just what she wants from our store. here's what janet had to say about her gift certificate: i can only say every merchant should follow artbeads.com's lead. the company is outstanding from start to finish. they have a great selection, good prices, helpful tutorials, outstanding customer service, and easy to use website. i have tried to buy from a few other sites, and just can't find anything that compares. they are outstanding, and as far as i am concerned, my one and only supplier. my favorite gift from family members is a gift certificate from artbeads.com! check out our new and featured products! jewelry kits sterling silver beads receive the best discounts with our newsletter! sign up today to receive newsletters from artbeads.com! with our email newsletters you'll receive special offers, new product introductions, exclusive coupons, free design ideas and news updates! go to the top right of the website to sign up! - november 22, 2012 - biggest sale of the year! save 20% storewide with no minimum purchase it's here! save 20% storewide with no minimum purchase during the biggest sale of the year using coupon code zzpilgrim at checkout. whether you are purchasing from us for the first time or are one of our many loyal customers, this is the perfect time to stock up on supplies and get fantastic savings! place your order soon, since the sale ends on tuesday, november 27, 2012. start beading for christmas in the world of beading, christmas shopping begins now! start planning your decorations and jewelry today so that you're ready to display your new creations during the weeks to come. visit our christmas page for holiday-themed beads, pendants and components. then, get a little inspiration for christmas crafts and jewelry ideas. holiday shipping schedule our holiday shipping schedule is for the well-prepared and procrastinator alike. visit our shipping page to find out how far in advance (or how close to the deadline) to order all your christmas gifts and have them ship in time for the big day. get creative with new czech glass buttons at artbeads.com, we're always adding new and innovative jewelry supplies to our website. this week, explore our new czech glass buttons and save 20% using coupon code zzpilgrim at checkout. these buttons come in vibrant shades with elegant details. they are so beautiful that you'll want to use them in more ways than one. to convert them to a pendant or pin, try them with our new pendant back and pin backs found in base metal embellishments. check out our new and featured products! green girl studios unicorne beads kumihimo tools and supplies receive the best discounts with our newsletter! sign up today to receive weekly newsletters from artbeads.com! with our email newsletters you'll receive special offers, new product introductions, exclusive coupons, free design ideas and news updates! go to the top right of the website to sign up! - november 15, 2012 - subscribe today, save right away! sign up for our email newsletters today and receive an exclusive 20% off discount on any size order with no minimum purchase! our emails offer exclusive promotions, free jewelry inspiration and more. so, what are you waiting for? subscribe now. start beading for christmas in the world of beading, christmas shopping begins now! start planning your decorations and jewelry today so that you're ready to display your new creations during the weeks to come. visit our christmas page for holiday-themed beads, pendants and components. then, get a little inspiration for christmas crafts and jewelry ideas. check out our new and featured products! czech glass buttons toho beads seed bead accessories receive the best discounts with our newsletter! sign up today to receive weekly newsletters from artbeads.com! with our email newsletters you'll receive special offers, new product introductions, exclusive coupons, free design ideas and news updates! go to the top right of the website to sign up! - november 8, 2012 - save 25% on all unicorne beads right now, all unicorne beads are 25% off with coupon code zzboro. these borosilicate glass beads are created using a traditional lampwork technique. try the teardrops for touches of color or use the incredibly adorable animals as focal pieces in necklaces. hurry! this sale ends on wednesday, november 14, 2012. start beading for christmas in the world of beading, christmas shopping begins now! start planning your decorations and jewelry today so that you're ready to display your new creations during the weeks to come. visit our christmas page for holiday-themed beads, pendants and components. then, get a little inspiration for christmas crafts and jewelry ideas. new swarovski 2058 xilion rose enhanced ss5 flatbacks we've just added more than 50 different colors to our collection of swarovski 2058 xilion rose enhanced ss5 flatbacks. with a diameter of less than 2mm, these tiny flatbacks are the smallest that we carry. their dainty size makes them perfect for detailed work like crystal nail art. check out our new and featured products! golem design studio stoneware base metal chain swarovski elements crystal dakota stones gemstones receive the best discounts with our newsletter! sign up today to receive weekly newsletters from artbeads.com! with our email newsletters you'll receive special offers, new product introductions, exclusive coupons, free design ideas and news updates! go to the top right of the website to sign up! - november 1, 2012 - 25% off handpicked items at the boutique sale for 48 hours, save 25% on a beautiful selection of handpicked items. these eye-catching products include unicorne glass beads, pearls, chain, links and more. choose your favorites and enter coupon code zz48 at checkout to save before supplies run out or the sale ends on friday, november 2, 2012. save 10%-70% during the progressive sale keep a sharp eye on our sale page this week, and watch prices on more than 500 discontinued items continue to drop! savings start at 10% on thursday, november 1st and increase to a fantastic 70% by wednesday, november 7th. shop early for the best selection, or shop later for the biggest discount. new swarovski 2058 xilion rose enhanced ss5 flatbacks we've just added more than 50 different colors to our collection of swarovski 2058 xilion rose enhanced ss5 flatbacks. with a diameter of less than 2mm, these tiny flatbacks are the smallest that we carry. their dainty size makes them perfect for detailed work like crystal nail art. sterling silver snap settings our snap settings are the perfect way to display round cubic zirconia that sparkle like diamonds. if you choose a setting with a loop, you can even accent the glittering stones with your favorite beads or charms. to create a pair of high-quality earrings or a single pendant in just a few minutes, simply push the stone down into the setting until it snaps into place. check out our new and featured products! miyuki galvanized seed beads nunn design swarovski flatbacks receive the best discounts with our newsletter! sign up today to receive weekly newsletters from artbeads.com! with our email newsletters you'll receive special offers, new product introductions, exclusive coupons, free design ideas and news updates! go to the top right of the website to sign up! - october 25, 2012 - save 30% on over 1000 products from jbb findings save 30% on over 1000 products from jbb findings in brass and pewter this week, as you prepare for holiday sales and gift giving. featuring classic finishes and lovely touches of detail, these components will provide both form and function to your designs. explore bails, links, bead caps, charms and more. then, enter zzjbb at checkout to save before the sale ends on wednesday, october 31, 2012.watch devin and the bead spinner one of the most time-consuming tasks when seed beading is loading the beads onto your thread. watch our new video to see how easy that task is to do with the help of a bead spinner.new swarovski elements 1/2 matte rivolis as part of their fall/winter 2013-2014 innovations, swarovski released a unique rivoli sew-on stone that looks like the popular rivoli on top, but has a flat foiled back. alternating frosted and clear facets create a pin-wheel effect. try these creative components in designs ranging from earrings to clothing.check out our new and featured products! tools and supplies russian artist pendants pewter charms and pendants receive the best discounts with our newsletter! sign up today to receive weekly newsletters from artbeads.com! with our email newsletters you'll receive special offers, new product introductions, exclusive coupons, free design ideas and news updates! go to the top right of the website to sign up! - october 18, 2012 - 25% off swarovski crystal with an ab or ab2x finish for a limited time, save 25% on all swarovski crystal with an ab or ab2x finish. this popular aurora borealis coating creates an iridescent effect on the crystal's surface. explore beads, pendants, components and more in a variety of colors. then use coupon code zzab25 to save before the sale ends on wednesday, october 24, 2012. new regaliz™ leather and accessories find out everything that you need to know to create your own regaliz bracelet by viewing our new gotta have it leather bracelets for inspiration. then, shop regaliz leather and accessories to create a fashionable bracelet in minutes. new swarovski elements 1/2 matte rivolis as part of their fall/winter 2013-2014 innovations, swarovski released a unique rivoli sew-on stone that looks like the popular rivoli on top, but has a flat foiled back. alternating frosted and clear facets create a pin-wheel effect. try these creative components in designs ranging from earrings to clothing. check out our new and featured products! copper jewelry supplies lampwork glass beads seed bead accessories receive the best discounts with our newsletter! sign up today to receive weekly newsletters from artbeads.com! with our email newsletters you'll receive special offers, new product introductions, exclusive coupons, free design ideas and news updates! go to the top right of the website to sign up! - october 11, 2012 - save 30% on select tools this week, save 30% on select tools with coupon code zztool at checkout! get some bead stoppers at this fantastic discount to ensure that your beads stay on the stringing material as you work, add a crimp tool to your supply box, create beaded cords with ease using a new kumihimo braiding plate and more. explore the sale to find out what you can't live without before this offer ends on wednesday, october 17, 2012. halloween products and inspiration don't forget to make something suitably spooky to wear this halloween! visit our halloween page to find all the supplies that you'll need to get started. you'll discover products ranging from skull beads to grinning pumpkins. sterling silver snap settings our snap settings are the perfect way to display round cubic zirconia that sparkle like diamonds. if you choose a setting with a loop, you can even accent the glittering stones with your favorite beads or charms. to create a pair of high-quality earrings or a single pendant in just a few minutes, simply push the stone down into the setting until it snaps into place. check out our new and featured products! metallic leather cord taina hartman charms swarovski pear-shaped and wild heart pendants base metal chain receive the best discounts with our newsletter! sign up today to receive weekly newsletters from artbeads.com! with our email newsletters you'll receive special offers, new product introductions, exclusive coupons, free design ideas and news updates! go to the top right of the website to sign up! - october 4, 2012 - save 20% on everything right now, save 20% on everything with orders of $50 or more! use this opportunity to stock up on all your winter supplies and purchase the components that you'll need to make holiday gifts. explore products ranging from staples like wire and chain to focal pieces like pendants and bezels. just enter zzfall at checkout before this sale ends on wednesday, october 10, 2012. make a wrap style bracelet find out all the tips and tricks that you'll need to know to create your very own wrap style bracelet. read our new handy tip for the details. then, take a look at our dragonfly roundup bracelet and gaelic weave bracelet for inspiration and step-by-step instructions. these projects make great gifts! sterling silver snap settings our snap settings are the perfect way to display round cubic zirconia that sparkle like diamonds. if you choose a setting with a loop, you can even accent the glittering stones with your favorite beads or charms. to create a pair of high-quality earrings or a single pendant in just a few minutes, simply push the stone down into the setting until it snaps into place. check out our new and featured products! regaliz leather and accessories belt buckle bezels swarovski elements crystal receive the best discounts with our newsletter! sign up today to receive weekly newsletters from artbeads.com! with our email newsletters you'll receive special offers, new product introductions, exclusive coupons, free design ideas and news updates! go to the top right of the website to sign up! - september 27, 2012 - save 30% on all charms right now, save 30% on all charms when you use coupon code zzcharm30 at checkout. you'll love the wide selection of charms available, ranging from sterling silver and gold-filled to base metal and copper. whether you're creating a spooky skeleton bracelet or a customized gift for a friend, this is the place to start. hurry! the coupon expires on october 3, 2012. new sterling silver snap settings our new snap settings are the perfect way to display round cubic zirconia that sparkle like diamonds. if you choose a setting with a loop, you can even accent the glittering stones with your favorite beads or charms. to create a pair of high-quality earrings or a single pendant in just a few minutes, simply push the stone down into the setting until it snaps into place. new tierracast videos we've recently added a collection of new videos from tierracast to our website. watch the videos to learn tips and tricks for using their products, including how to use resin in their open links and how to create faux riveting with their bead bars. check out our new and featured products! freshwater pearls pavé style beads and charms sterling silver beads receive the best discounts with our newsletter! sign up today to receive weekly newsletters from artbeads.com! with our email newsletters you'll receive special offers, new product introductions, exclusive coupons, free design ideas and news updates! go to the top right of the website to sign up! - september 20, 2012 - clearance sale - save up to 70% for a limited time, use coupon code zzclearance to save an additional 20% on already-reduced clearance prices - a total savings of up to 70%! browse the many products available, including more than 400 new items just added to clearance. you'll find everything from classic components like spacers and glass beads to detailed focal pieces like hand-painted russian artist pendants. hurry! this coupon expires on wednesday, september 26, 2012. new tierracast videos we've recently added a collection of new videos from tierracast to our website. watch the videos to learn tips and tricks for using their products, including how to use resin in their open links and how to create faux riveting with their bead bars. check out our new and featured products! russian artist pendants golem design studio stoneware nunn design ornate frames receive the best discounts with our newsletter! sign up today to receive weekly newsletters from artbeads.com! with our email newsletters you'll receive special offers, new product introductions, exclusive coupons, free design ideas and news updates! go to the top right of the website to sign up! - september 13, 2012 - save 25% on select chain save 25% on an eye-catching selection of chain this week, including a variety of sterling silver and base metal options. you'll find beautiful styles ranging from fancy leaf chain to staples like rollo and ball chain. order some today to have ready for your next burst of creativity! just enter zzchain25 at checkout before the sale ends on september 19, 2012. shop new gemstone beads we just added an entirely new line of gemstone beads! find out more about how the company dakota stones came into being, and then browse through gorgeous gemstone strands, ranging from purple crazy lace agate to lapis lazuli. the beads on these strands are individually checked to make sure that they are cut and drilled correctly. fall and winter fashion forecast if you like to plan ahead, then you're probably already thinking about fall and winter possibilities for your jewelry designs. we're here to help with two fall and winter trends for 2012/2013. you'll love the crisp look of the domino trend, and the service style trend will start you thinking about bold, structured shapes. check out our new and featured products! russian artist pendants clay river designs tierracast receive the best discounts with our newsletter! sign up today to receive weekly newsletters from artbeads.com! with our email newsletters you'll receive special offers, new product introductions, exclusive coupons, free design ideas and news updates! go to the top right of the website to sign up! - september 6, 2012 - save 40% on handpicked treasures for a limited time, save an incredible 40% on items handpicked by artbeads.com owners cynthia and devin. read about why they've fallen in love with these products, choose your favorites and enter zz40 at checkout to save before supplies run out or the sale ends on wednesday, september 12, 2012. new cande pavé beads unlock more creative possibilities with new cande epoxy clay crystal beads! now you can choose your pavé bead to better match your project. the base metal crystal beads continue to offer a shiny finish to complement other metal elements in your designs, while the new clay beads are lightweight (much better for earrings!) with a base color that matches their crystals. fall and winter fashion forecast if you like to plan ahead, then you're probably already thinking about fall and winter possibilities for your jewelry designs. we're here to help with two fall and winter trends for 2012/2013. you'll love the crisp look of the domino trend, and the service style trend will start you thinking about bold, structured shapes. check out our new and featured products! jc herrell glass beads miyuki tila beads dakota stones receive the best discounts with our newsletter! sign up today to receive weekly newsletters from artbeads.com! with our email newsletters you'll receive special offers, new product introductions, exclusive coupons, free design ideas and news updates! go to the top right of the website to sign up! - august 30, 2012 - labor day sale - save 20% storewide save 20% storewide on orders of $40 or more during our labor day sale! as we look forward to fall fashion and design, this is the perfect opportunity to stock up on all your favorite supplies (and find new favorites along the way). use coupon code zzfun at checkout to save before this sale ends on wednesday, september 5, 2012. fall and winter fashion forecast if you like to plan ahead, then you're probably already thinking about fall and winter possibilities for your jewelry designs. we're here to help with two fall and winter trends for 2012/2013. you'll love the crisp look of the domino trend, and the service style trend will start you thinking about bold, structured shapes. new seed beading handy tips explore four new handy tips that are all about seed beads! you'll learn about the ladder stitch, the brick stitch, kumihimo braiding with beads and more. our handy tips section offers free instructions that will guide you as you plan what to do with all the fun beads and jewelry supplies on our website. check out our new and featured products! cande pavé crystal clay beads freshwater pearls seed bead end pieces receive the best discounts with our newsletter! sign up today to receive weekly newsletters from artbeads.com! with our email newsletters you'll receive special offers, new product introductions, exclusive coupons, free design ideas and news updates! go to the top right of the website to sign up! - august 23, 2012 - save 25% on japanese seed beads for a limited time, save 25% on all of our japanese seed beads, including miyuki delicas and toho, using coupon code zzseedbead25 at checkout. known for their consistency in size and color, these popular seed beads are perfect for detailed work. browse our impressive selection and be sure to order before the sale ends on wednesday, august 29, 2012. seed bead inspiration get inspired to create with japanese seed beads by exploring the many free seed bead ideas located in our learning center. you'll find detailed instructions for each project, and seed bead handy tips that will help you to master techniques like the sunshine edge, coraling, the peyote stitch and more. fall and winter fashion forecast if you like to plan ahead, then you're probably already thinking about fall and winter possibilities for your jewelry designs. we're here to help with two upcoming fall and winter trends for 2012/2013. you'll love the crisp look of the domino trend, and the service style trend will start you thinking about bold, structured shapes. check out our new and featured products! owl watch pendants sterling silver charms stainless steel and sterling silver links receive the best discounts with our newsletter! sign up today to receive weekly newsletters from artbeads.com! with our email newsletters you'll receive special offers, new product introductions, exclusive coupons, free design ideas and news updates! go to the top right of the website to sign up! - august 16, 2012 - save 30% on swarovski pendants for a limited time, all swarovski pendants are 30% off! experience the beauty of these lovely crystal pendants at a fantastic discount using coupon code zzcrystal30 at checkout. quality makes a huge difference in jewelry design, and swarovski elements crystal refracts light and creates sparkle like no other crystal on the market. stock up on hearts, briolettes and other shapes before this sale ends on wednesday, august 22, 2012. fall and winter fashion forecast if you like to plan ahead, then you're probably already thinking about fall and winter possibilities for your jewelry designs. we're here to help with two upcoming fall and winter trends for 2012/2013. you'll love the crisp look of the domino trend, and the service style trend will start you thinking about bold, structured shapes. jewelry and craft ideas for kids whether you're a busy mom, a favorite aunt or a babysitter in need of a plan, let these jewelry and craft ideas help you to keep the kids entertained. they will love these hands-on projects, and the instructions are easy to customize. create fun magnets for the refrigerator, necklaces, bracelets and more. check out our new and featured products! freshwater pearls c-koop beads artistic wire receive the best discounts with our newsletter! sign up today to receive weekly newsletters from artbeads.com! with our email newsletters you'll receive special offers, new product introductions, exclusive coupons, free design ideas and news updates! go to the top right of the website to sign up! - august 9, 2012 - save 40% on gemstones everything in our gemstone section is now 40% off! shop by shape or material and stock up on all of your favorites, including strands like agate, amethyst and jasper. let these gorgeous gemstone beads provide a natural touch to your jewelry designs. simply enter zzgemstones40 at checkout to save before this offer ends on august 15, 2012. fall and winter fashion forecast if you like to plan ahead, then you're probably already thinking about fall and winter possibilities for your jewelry designs. we're here to help with two upcoming fall and winter trends for 2012/2013. you'll love the crisp look of the domino trend, and the service style trend will start you thinking about bold, structured shapes. jewelry and craft ideas for kids whether you're a busy mom, a favorite aunt or a babysitter in need of a plan, let these jewelry and craft ideas help you to keep the kids entertained. they will love these hands-on projects, and the instructions are easy to customize. create fun magnets for the refrigerator, necklaces, bracelets and more. check out our new and featured products! grace lampwork beads cande pavé beads ceramic and porcelain beads and pendants receive the best discounts with our newsletter! sign up today to receive weekly newsletters from artbeads.com! with our email newsletters you'll receive special offers, new product introductions, exclusive coupons, free design ideas and news updates! go to the top right of the website to sign up! - august 2, 2012 - save 20% storewide on orders of $50 or more! don't forget to use this wonderful opportunity to save 20% storewide on orders of $50 or more. stock up on your favorite supplies or choose new focal pieces that catch your eye. browse our wide selection of products, ranging from gorgeous options like sterling silver and lampwork glass beads to staples like findings and clasps. enter zztwenty at checkout to save before this sale ends on wednesday, august 8, 2012. jewelry and craft ideas for kids whether you're a busy mom, a favorite aunt or a babysitter in need of a plan, let these jewelry and craft ideas help you to keep the kids entertained. they will love these hands-on projects, and the instructions are easy to customize. create fun magnets for the refrigerator, necklaces, bracelets and more. check out our new and featured products! patricia healey copper lillypilly shell pendants crystal sports charms receive the best discounts with our newsletter! sign up today to receive weekly newsletters from artbeads.com! with our email newsletters you'll receive special offers, new product introductions, exclusive coupons, free design ideas and news updates! go to the top right of the website to sign up! - july 26, 2012 - 30% off gold-filled and vermeil items we've just lowered prices on most gold-filled and silver items, and now you can save even more with an additional 30% discount on gold-filled and vermeil beads and components! go for the gold this week using coupon code zzgold30 at checkout. make sure to order these beautiful elements before our sale ends on august 1, 2012. save 50% on hot buys for a limited time, a choice selection of beads and supplies are an incredible 50% off! make plans to create something awesome with these great deals, and then snatch them up before they sell out or the offer disappears. hurry, these savings will only last until august 1, 2012. free, fun summer inspiration try something new this summer with our helpful page of jewelry inspiration. branch out with exciting projects you may not have tried, using mediums like resin, metal working, epoxy clay, gliders paste and transfer sheets. our free, detailed tutorials will expand your creativity and get you well on your way to using these fun techniques. check out our new and featured products! découpage beads and pendants grace lampwork beads sterling silver charms and links rustic charms and pendants receive the best discounts with our newsletter! sign up today to receive weekly newsletters from artbeads.com! with our email newsletters you'll receive special offers, new product introductions, exclusive coupons, free design ideas and news updates! go to the top right of the website to sign up! - july 19, 2012 - save 25% on fashionable summer items save 25% as you stock up on fashionable items perfect for summer from our gaia trend. order using zzgaia25 to save before wednesday, july 25, 2012. select seed bead sale save 15% on a hand-picked selection of seed beads and supplies. you'll find toho seed bead mixes and wildly bohemian kits for ready-made color palettes, along with needles and tools to help you along the way. buy one of the necklace or bracelet kits for a fun project to take on the go. your discount will be applied automatically at checkout. hurry! this sale ends wednesday, july 25, 2012. choose our next jewelry design star! we need your help choosing the next winner for our jewelry design star contest. take a minute to explore the many beautiful designs that beaders just like you have submitted, and then vote for your favorite. the winner will be featured on our website for thousands of people to see, including a homepage link and mentions in our social media. free, fun summer inspiration try something new this summer with our helpful page of jewelry inspiration. branch out with exciting projects you may not have tried, using mediums like resin, metal working, epoxy clay, gliders paste and transfer sheets. our free, detailed tutorials will expand your creativity and get you well on your way to using these fun techniques. check out our new and featured products! pendants pewter links ring top embellishments limited edition finds receive the best discounts with our newsletter! sign up today to receive weekly newsletters from artbeads.com! with our email newsletters you'll receive special offers, new product introductions, exclusive coupons, free design ideas and news updates! go to the top right of the website to sign up! - july 12, 2012 - save 25% on bespoke products this week, save 25% on a lovely selection of products in soft natural shades. for our summer bespoke fashion trend, our designers chose a precious color palette filled with silvery greys, saddle browns and muted clay colors. now these products are 25% off using coupon code zzbespoke25 at checkout. get these great savings before they disappear on wednesday, july 18, 2012. inventory reduction sale on now! save 30% on a wide selection of products this week as we clean up the warehouse and reduce our stock! you'll find high-quality classics like sterling silver roundels and swarovski elements crystal, along with treasures like creative clasps and bead caps for adding detail to your designs. your discount will be applied automatically at checkout. snatch up these amazing deals before this sale ends on wednesday, july 18, 2012. free, fun summer inspiration try something new this summer with our helpful page of jewelry inspiration. branch out with exciting projects you may not have tried, using mediums like resin, metal working, epoxy clay, gliders paste and transfer sheets. our free, detailed tutorials will expand your creativity and get you well on your way to using these fun techniques. discover summer trends for 2012 summer is in full swing, and with it comes incredible fashion opportunities! whether you prefer a softer look or something wild and colorful, make sure your style is current by taking a look at three free summer trends for 2012. check out our new and featured products! findings limited edition african beads pavé beads shell pendants receive the best discounts with our newsletter! sign up today to receive weekly newsletters from artbeads.com! with our email newsletters you'll receive special offers, new product introductions, exclusive coupons, free design ideas and news updates! go to the top right of the website to sign up! - july 5, 2012 - save 25% on crimson crush products this week, save 25% on an incredible selection of fashionable products in bold sunset shades! for our summer crimson crush trend, our designers carefully chose items that were both feminine and vibrant. now these products are 25% off using coupon code zzcrimson25 at checkout. grab this deal before it disappears on wednesday, july 11, 2012. free, fun summer inspiration try something new this summer with our helpful page of jewelry inspiration. branch out with exciting projects you may not have tried, using mediums like resin, metal working, epoxy clay, gliders paste and transfer sheets. our free, detailed tutorials will expand your creativity and get you well on your way to using these fun techniques. discover summer trends for 2012 summer is in full swing, and with it comes a new launch of incredible fashion opportunities! whether you prefer a softer look or something wild and colorful, make sure your style is current by taking a look at three free new summer trends for 2012. check out our new and featured products! hand-dyed silk ribbon nunn design products silver-filled components lipstick ranch pendants receive the best discounts with our newsletter! sign up today to receive weekly newsletters from artbeads.com! with our email newsletters you'll receive special offers, new product introductions, exclusive coupons, free design ideas and news updates! go to the top right of the website to sign up! - june 28, 2012 - 4th of july sale - save 25% celebrate freedom and the need to bead with our 4th of july sale! we've put together a collection of our best beads, findings, tools and more so you can save 25% on some of your favorite items. just use the coupon code zzfreedom25 at checkout to snag this amazing deal! browse below to view all of our items on sale, including sterling silver findings and swarovski crystals. score these great prices only until wednesday, july 4, 2012. free, fun summer inspiration try something new this summer with our helpful page of jewelry inspiration. branch out with exciting projects you may not have tried, using mediums like resin, metal working, epoxy clay, gliders paste and transfer sheets. our free, detailed tutorials will expand your creativity and get you well on your way to using these fun techniques. discover summer trends for 2012 summer is finally here, and with it comes a new launch of incredible fashion opportunities! whether you prefer a softer look or something wild and colorful, make sure your style is current by taking a look at three free new summer trends for 2012. check out our new and featured products! jbb square puffed beads satin cord on reusable bobbins yoyo glass beads swarovski crystals receive the best discounts with our newsletter! sign up today to receive weekly newsletters from artbeads.com! with our email newsletters you'll receive special offers, new product introductions, exclusive coupons, free design ideas and news updates! go to the top right of the website to sign up! - june 21, 2012 - progressive discount sale - save 10% to 50% keep a sharp eye on our progressive discount sale this week, as prices on more than 500 discontinued items continue to drop! starting thursday the 21st, these products are all 10% off the listed price, and as the week progresses the savings will increase to a fantastic 50%. shop now for the best selection, or shop later for the biggest discount. but if you wait too long, the items you want will be gone! discover new summer trends for 2012 summer is finally here, and with it comes a new launch of incredible fashion opportunities! whether you prefer a softer look or something wild and colorful, make sure your style is current by taking a look at three free new summer trends for 2012>. check out our new and featured products! colorful aluminum embellishments< swarovski elements crystals golem design studio pendants and cabochons russian artist pendants two-hole square beads receive the best discounts with our newsletter! sign up today to receive weekly newsletters from artbeads.com! with our email newsletters you'll receive special offers, new product introductions, exclusive coupons, free design ideas and news updates! go to the top right of the website to sign up! - june 14, 2012 - save 50% on five hot buys for a limited time only, save an incredible 50% on five hot buys! these featured items come from fun categories like swarovski elements crystals, bali silver beads and taina hartman pendants. use them as the start of your next big design. just make sure to order before these savings disappear on wednesday night, june 20, 2012. create the rio de janeiro necklace indulge your imagination and explore new ways to combine swarovski pearls and crystals by viewing our new rio de janeiro necklace. artbeads.com co-owner and jewelry designer cynthia kimura created this lovely piece for an advertisement in the july 2012 issue of bead style magazine. as an artbeads customer, you have the opportunity to see this design before bead style readers. find out how to create it for yourself by following our easy instructions. check out our new and featured products! new czech glass beads new freshwater pearls new c-koop beads enameled copper new jewelry findings new pavé style teardrop beads receive the best discounts with our newsletter! sign up today to receive weekly newsletters from artbeads.com! with our email newsletters you'll receive special offers, new product introductions, exclusive coupons, free design ideas and news updates! go to the top right of the website to sign up! - june 7, 2012 - 15% off choice beads browse more than 250 choice beads now 15% off for a limited time. we selected these beads for their eye-catching appearance and fun color options, making them perfect for summer projects! use them in your designs for some extra flair. just enter zzbeads15 at checkout to save before this offer ends on june 13, 2012. create the rio de janeiro necklace indulge your imagination and explore new ways to combine swarovski pearls and crystals by viewing our new rio de janeiro necklace. artbeads.com co-owner and jewelry designer cynthia kimura created this lovely piece for an advertisement in the july 2012 issue of bead style magazine. as an artbeads customer, you have the opportunity to see this design before bead style readers. find out how to create it for yourself by following our easy instructions. check out our new and featured products! kumihimo and bead embroidery books satin and wax cord unicorne lampwork beads end caps receive the best discounts with our newsletter! sign up today to receive weekly newsletters from artbeads.com! with our email newsletters you'll receive special offers, new product introductions, exclusive coupons, free design ideas and news updates! go to the top right of the website to sign up! - june 1, 2012 - take an additional 15% off clearance prices we're making more room in our warehouse for summer products with a fantastic clearance sale, happening now at artbeads.com. for a limited time, all clearance items within our store are an additional 15% off already reduced prices. explore charms, pendants, beads, findings and more. then, enter zzclear15 to take advantage of this offer before it ends on wednesday, june 6, 2012. create the rio de janeiro necklace indulge your imagination and explore new ways to combine swarovski pearls and crystals by viewing our new rio de janeiro necklace. artbeads.com co-owner and jewelry designer cynthia kimura created this lovely piece for an advertisement in the july 2012 issue of bead style magazine. as an artbeads customer, you have the opportunity to see this design before bead style readers. find out how to create it for yourself by following our easy instructions. check out our new and featured products! decoré kits old world bronze kabela design rings, pendants and more snake chain and oval chain links receive the best discounts with our newsletter! sign up today to receive weekly newsletters from artbeads.com! with our email newsletters you'll receive special offers, new product introductions, exclusive coupons, free design ideas and news updates! go to the top right of the website to sign up! - may 22, 2012 - memorial day sale - save 20% storewide it's here! shop our annual memorial day sale to save 20% storewide with no minimum purchase. this is your chance to restock on beading staples and try all the new products that you've been itching to have at your fingertips. use zzusa at checkout to save. products disappear fast during this sale, so order soon to get everything that you want before may 29, 2012.new launch of swarovski elements innovations swarovski elements is pulling out all the stops this year with an unexpected summer launch! these exciting products are already available to order. stock your beading box with a gorgeous shade of crystal astral pink, now in many more shapes, and new pearl neon colors.sign up for artbeads crystal rewards we'd like to encourage our loyal customers, so we've created a completely free loyalty program to let you reap great benefits like email gift certificates. enroll in artbeads crystal rewards to earn points as you shop and refer your friends. find out more, and then sign up on our website!check out our new and featured products! freshwater pearls decorative links découpage beads czech glass beads receive the best discounts with our newsletter! sign up today to receive weekly newsletters from artbeads.com! with our email newsletters you'll receive special offers, new product introductions, exclusive coupons, free design ideas and news updates! go to the top right of the website to sign up! - may 17, 2012 - new launch of swarovski elements innovations swarovski elements is pulling out all the stops this year with an unexpected summer launch! these exciting products are already available to order. stock your beading box with a gorgeous shade of crystal astral pink, now in many more shapes, and new pearl neon colors.sign up for artbeads crystal rewards we'd like to encourage our loyal customers, so we've created a completely free loyalty program to let you reap great benefits like email gift certificates. enroll in artbeads crystal rewards to earn points as you shop and refer your friends. find out more, and then sign up on our website!check out our new and featured products! patricia healey copper lillypilly designs shell pendants and charms acrylic flowers jewelry findings receive the best discounts with our newsletter! sign up today to receive weekly newsletters from artbeads.com! with our email newsletters you'll receive special offers, new product introductions, exclusive coupons, free design ideas and news updates! go to the top right of the website to sign up! - may 10, 2012 - 15% off top-rated pendants save 15% on top-rated pendants for a limited time only. everything in this sale has received a full five heart rating. you let us know which pendants deserved the highest score, and now we're featuring them just for you. enter zzpendants15 at checkout to save before this sale ends on wednesday, may 16. is your favorite pendant missing from the sale? help it to make the cut for next time by writing a review. sign up for artbeads crystal rewards we'd like to encourage our loyal customers, so we've created a completely free loyalty program to let you reap great benefits like email gift certificates. enroll in artbeads crystal rewards to earn points as you shop and refer your friends. find out more, and then sign up on our website! check out our new and featured products! lampwork glass beads buttons pavé style cande receive the best discounts with our newsletter! sign up today to receive weekly newsletters from artbeads.com! with our email newsletters you'll receive special offers, new product introductions, exclusive coupons, free design ideas and news updates! go to the top right of the website to sign up! - may 3, 2012 - all charms now 15% off for a limited time, save 15% on all charms! add that special touch to jewelry and craft projects with fun shapes in sterling silver, base metal, gold vermeil and more. use zzcharms15 at checkout to save before this sale ends on wednesday, may 9, 2012.mother's day gift ideas get inspired to create something meaningful for the mother figure in your life! our selection of mother's day products is a great place to start. you'll find free ideas with detailed instructions and a helpful list of the items used, along with eye-catching focal pieces that she is sure to love.sign up for artbeads crystal rewards we'd like to encourage our loyal customers, so we've created a completely free loyalty program to let you reap great benefits like email gift certificates. enroll in artbeads crystal rewards to earn points as you shop and refer your friends. find out more, and then sign up on our website!check out our new and featured products! jewelry kits with swarovski crystals rusted iron pendants jbb swivel clasps and end caps silver-plated kabela designs porcelain beads receive the best discounts with our newsletter! sign up today to receive weekly newsletters from artbeads.com! with our email newsletters you'll receive special offers, new product introductions, exclusive coupons, free design ideas and news updates! go to the top right of the website to sign up! - april 26, 2012 - mother's day gift ideas get inspired to create something meaningful for the mother figure in your life! our selection of mother's day products is a great place to start. you'll find free ideas with detailed instructions and a helpful list of the items used, along with eye-catching focal pieces that she is sure to love.spring and summer fashion for 2012 we've done all the work for you to stay up-to-date on the latest jewelry and fashion trends for 2012. visit our spring trends 2012 page to see what's hot right now. and if you're planning ahead for summer, make sure to browse our fashion trends page to see three upcoming trends for spring/summer 2012.sign up for artbeads crystal rewards we'd like to encourage our loyal customers, so we've created a completely free loyalty program to let you reap great benefits like email gift certificates. enroll in artbeads crystal rewards to earn points as you shop and refer your friends. find out more, and then sign up on our website!check out our new and featured products! variegated teardrop beads russian artist pendants lillypilly aluminum sheets jewelry-making kits channel beads and pendants receive the best discounts with our newsletter! sign up today to receive weekly newsletters from artbeads.com! with our email newsletters you'll receive special offers, new product introductions, exclusive coupons, free design ideas and news updates! go to the top right of the website to sign up! - april 19, 2012 - celebrate national jelly bean day as we searched for jewelry inspiration, we came upon a holiday guaranteed to tickle your sweet tooth. april 22nd is national jelly bean day! in lieu of jelly beans, we've created a colorful collection of beads that remind us of candy (but without all those pesky calories). let it inspire you to create something that looks good enough to eat.save 15% on all chain save 15% during our chain sale this week and stock up on your favorite chain selections! all chain, including sterling silver, is 15% off with coupon code zzchain15. use this opportunity to finish that necklace you've been meaning to make or to plan something entirely new. just make sure to place your order before this sale ends on wednesday, april 25, 2012.spring and summer fashion for 2012 we've done all the work for you to stay up-to-date on the latest jewelry and fashion trends for 2012. visit our spring trends 2012 page to see what's hot right now. and if you're planning ahead for summer, make sure to browse our fashion trends page to see three upcoming trends for spring/summer 2012.sign up for artbeads crystal rewards we'd like to encourage our loyal customers, so we've created a completely free loyalty program to let you reap great benefits like email gift certificates. enroll in artbeads crystal rewards to earn points as you shop and refer your friends. find out more, and then sign up on our website!check out our new and featured products! découpage beads base metal chain patricia healey grace lampwork beads beadelle pavé beads receive the best discounts with our newsletter! sign up today to receive weekly newsletters from artbeads.com! with our email newsletters you'll receive special offers, new product introductions, exclusive coupons, free design ideas and news updates! go to the top right of the website to sign up! - april 12, 2012 - 20% off all swarovski elements crystal right now, save 20% on swarovski elements crystal. turn up the sparkle just in time for your spring and summer wardrobe with our entire collection of brilliant colors and shapes! all swarovski elements crystals, including new innovations, are on sale until wednesday, april 18, 2012. enter zzcrystal20 at checkout to save.spring and summer fashion for 2012 we've done all the work for you to stay up-to-date on the latest jewelry and fashion trends for 2012. visit our spring trends 2012 page to see what's hot right now. and if you're planning ahead for summer, make sure to browse our fashion trends page to see three upcoming trends for spring/summer 2012.sign up for artbeads crystal rewards we'd like to encourage our loyal customers, so we've created a completely free loyalty program to let you reap great benefits like email gift certificates. enroll in artbeads crystal rewards to earn points as you shop and refer your friends. find out more, and then sign up on our website!check out our new and featured products! freshwater pearls swarovski elements crystal kabela bezels owl beads grace lampwork beads receive the best discounts with our newsletter! sign up today to receive weekly newsletters from artbeads.com! with our email newsletters you'll receive special offers, new product introductions, exclusive coupons, free design ideas and news updates! go to the top right of the website to sign up! - april 4, 2012 - save 15% on pearls right now, save 15% on our entire collection of pearls. with their soft sheen and classic beauty, pearls add a sense of elegance to jewelry designs and are enduringly fashionable. shop traditional freshwater pearls, swarovski elements crystal pearls, caspia™ pearls and more. enter zzpearls15 at checkout to save before this sale ends on wednesday, april 11, 2012.spring and summer fashion for 2012 we've done all the work for you to stay up-to-date on the latest jewelry and fashion trends for 2012. visit our spring trends 2012 page to see what's hot right now. and if you're planning ahead for summer, make sure to browse our fashion trends page to see three upcoming trends for spring/summer 2012.sign up for artbeads crystal rewards we'd like to encourage our loyal customers, so we've created a completely free loyalty program to let you reap great benefits like email gift certificates. enroll in artbeads crystal rewards to earn points as you shop and refer your friends. find out more, and then sign up on our website!check out our new and featured products! glass unicorne beads russian artist pendants bails and crimp covers gemstone strands receive the best discounts with our newsletter! sign up today to receive weekly newsletters from artbeads.com! with our email newsletters you'll receive special offers, new product introductions, exclusive coupons, free design ideas and news updates! go to the top right of the website to sign up! - march 29, 2012 - artbeads.com on facebook has a new look! artbeads.com is switching to timeline on facebook, and we've taken this opportunity during the switch to add new life to our artbeads.com facebook page. be sure to stop by and check out our updated graphics. if you've never visited our facebook page before, you can also "like" us and get connected to our thriving community of more than 74,000 fans. facebook is a great place to leave questions about your latest projects and post your best work. sign up for artbeads crystal rewards we'd like to encourage our loyal customers, so we've created a completely free loyalty program to let you reap great benefits like email gift certificates. enroll in artbeads crystal rewards to earn points as you shop and refer your friends. find out more, and then sign up on our website! shop new swarovski colors and shapes browse new pearls in exciting gemstone colors like dark lapis, pink coral and jade. you'll also find the new crystal wave shape in shades like crystal ab, crystal luminous green and aquamarine. we've received many other shapes with the new colors as well, so visit our innovations page to make sure you have seen it all! save 15% on beadalon jewelry wire for a limited time, all beadalon jewelry wire is 15% off! from sterling silver and silver-plated wire to wildfire, elonga and craft wire, this sale offers great savings on traditional stringing materials. use zzbeadalon15 at checkout to save before this sale ends on wednesday, april 4, 2012. check out our new and featured products! silversilk knitted wire sterling silver charms swarovski elements rhinestonesreceive the best discounts with our newsletter! sign up today to receive weekly newsletters from artbeads.com! with our email newsletters you'll receive special offers, new product introductions, exclusive coupons, free design ideas and news updates! go to the top right of the website to sign up! - march 22, 2012 - take additional 20% off already reduced clearance items for a limited time only, all clearance items are an additional 20% off already reduced prices. as we're clearing out our inventory and making room for new additions, you have a great opportunity to save on a variety of products! make sure to use coupon code zzclear20 at checkout before this special offer expires on wednesday, march 28, 2012 at 11:59pm (pt). sign up for artbeads crystal rewards we'd like to encourage our loyal customers, so we've created a completely free loyalty program to let you reap great benefits like email gift certificates. enroll in artbeads crystal rewards to earn points as you shop and refer your friends. find out more, and then sign up on our website! shop new swarovski colors and shapes browse new pearls in exciting gemstone colors like dark lapis, pink coral and jade. you'll also find the new crystal wave shape in shades like crystal ab, crystal luminous green and aquamarine. we've received many other shapes with the new colors as well, so visit our innovations page to make sure you have seen it all! check out our new and featured products! stamping kits jbb bezels limited edition gemstones receive the best discounts with our newsletter! sign up today to receive weekly newsletters from artbeads.com! with our email newsletters you'll receive special offers, new product introductions, exclusive coupons, free design ideas and news updates! go to the top right of the website to sign up! - march 15, 2012 - shop new swarovski colors and shapes browse new pearls in exciting gemstone colors like dark lapis, pink coral and jade. you'll also find the new crystal wave shape in shades like crystal ab, crystal luminous green and aquamarine. we've received many other shapes with the new colors as well, so visit our innovations page to make sure you have seen it all! explore tucson treasures our whirlwind tour of the tucson gem and jewelry show was a fantastic success. we arrived back home with some of our favorite treasures and more have arrived. stay tuned to see everything that we discovered as we visited with some of our favorite vendors and made new friendships. check out our new and featured products! sterling silver caspia™ beads crystal clay kits freshwater pearls receive the best discounts with our newsletter! sign up today to receive weekly newsletters from artbeads.com! with our email newsletters you'll receive special offers, new product introductions, exclusive coupons, free design ideas and news updates! go to the top right of the website to sign up! - march 8, 2012 - a new shipment of innovations has arrived! browse new pearls in exciting gemstone colors like dark lapis, pink coral and jade. you'll also find the new crystal wave shape in shades like crystal ab, crystal luminous green and aquamarine. we've received many other shapes with the new colors as well, so visit our innovations page to make sure you have seen it all! st. patrick's day fun whether you're getting ready to celebrate your irish heritage this st. patrick's day or simply hoping to avoid that traditional pinch, artbeads.com has everything you'll need to add a touch of green to your ensemble. browse our collection of celtic items and green beads, and then get inspired with our fun st. patrick's day jewelry ideas. explore new tucson treasures our whirlwind tour of the tucson gem and jewelry show was a fantastic success. we arrived back home with some of our favorite treasures and more have arrived! stay tuned to see everything that we discovered as we visited with some of our favorite vendors and made new friendships. this week, you'll find a carved koi fish bead, colorful magnesite strands and handmade glass beads. check out our new and featured products! swarovski element spring/summer 2013 innovations tucson treasures gemstone beads receive the best discounts with our newsletter! sign up today to receive weekly newsletters from artbeads.com! with our email newsletters you'll receive special offers, new product introductions, exclusive coupons, free design ideas and news updates! go to the top right of the website to sign up! - march 1, 2012 - swarovski elements innovations are here! the first shipment has arrived! earlier we gave you a preview of the fantastic new colors and shapes that swarovski elements is adding to their line during their spring/summer 2013 launch of innovations. now you can order them. shop faceted rounds in fun blends like burgundy-blue zircon and fern green-topaz, and then take a look at the new ellipse pendants. st. patrick's day fun whether you're getting ready to celebrate your irish heritage this st. patrick's day or simply hoping to avoid that traditional pinch, artbeads.com has everything you'll need to add a touch of green to your ensemble. browse our collection of celtic items and green beads, and then get inspired with our fun st. patrick's day jewelry ideas. learn how to clean silver there's nothing worse than pulling out one of your favorite pieces, only to discover that the silver has begun to tarnish! learn the proper way to clean silver and restore its beautiful shine in our new handy tip located on the artbeads.com blog for beaders. explore new tucson treasures our whirlwind tour of the tucson gem and jewelry show was a fantastic success. we arrived back home with some of our favorite treasures and more have arrived! stay tuned to see everything that we discovered as we visited with some of our favorite vendors and made new friendships. this week, you'll find agate strands, adjustable necklaces and a pretty dragonfly wing bead. check out our new and featured products! swarovski element spring/summer 2013 innovations tucson treasures tierracast anchors and buttons receive the best discounts with our newsletter! sign up today to receive weekly newsletters from artbeads.com! with our email newsletters you'll receive special offers, new product introductions, exclusive coupons, free design ideas and news updates! go to the top right of the website to sign up! - february 23, 2012 - save 10% on select caspia™ start building a custom bracelet with mementos that represent special experiences in your life with our beautiful caspia™ bracelets and necklaces. right now, we're giving you the perfect opportunity to get started with a 10% discount on select caspia™ bracelets, necklaces and crystal beads. simply use zzsave10 at checkout to save on these items before the offer ends on wednesday, february 29, 2012. st. patrick's day fun whether you're getting ready to celebrate your irish heritage this st. patrick's day or simply hoping to avoid that traditional pinch, artbeads.com has everything you'll need to add a touch of green to your ensemble. browse our collection of celtic items and green beads, and then get inspired with our fun st. patrick's day jewelry ideas. learn how to clean silver there's nothing worse than pulling out one of your favorite pieces, only to discover that the silver has begun to tarnish! learn the proper way to clean silver and restore its beautiful shine in our new handy tip located on the artbeads.com blog for beaders. explore new tucson treasures our whirlwind tour of the tucson gem and jewelry show was a fantastic success. we arrived back home with some of our favorite treasures and more have arrived! stay tuned to see everything that we discovered as we visited with some of our favorite vendors and made new friendships. this week, you'll find new african powdered glass beads, red lava stone beads and more. check out our new and featured products! tucson treasures tierracast bails and beads jbb large-hole beads receive the best discounts with our newsletter! sign up today to receive weekly newsletters from artbeads.com! with our email newsletters you'll receive special offers, new product introductions, exclusive coupons, free design ideas and news updates! go to the top right of the website to sign up! - february 16, 2012 - dollar days sale we've just discounted more than 200 beading supplies to one dollar! use this opportunity to stock up on a variety of customer favorites, ranging from sparkling swarovski crystal to colorful glass druk beads and classic metal findings. these savings won't last forever, so place your order before the sale ends on wednesday, february 22, 2012. explore new tucson treasures our whirlwind tour of the tucson gem and jewelry show was a fantastic success. we arrived back home with some of our favorite treasures and more have arrived! stay tuned to see everything that we discovered as we visited with some of our favorite vendors and made new friendships. this week, you'll find new african powdered glass beads, a playful carved monkey and more. check out our new and featured products! beadelle pavé beads tucson treasures acrylic flower beads receive the best discounts with our newsletter! sign up today to receive weekly newsletters from artbeads.com! with our email newsletters you'll receive special offers, new product introductions, exclusive coupons, free design ideas and news updates! go to the top right of the website to sign up! - february 9, 2012 - we're back! our whirlwind tour of the tucson gem and jewelry show has been a fantastic success. we've arrived back home with some of our favorite treasures and more are on the way! stay tuned to see everything that we discovered as we visited with some of our favorite vendors and made new friendships. this week, you'll find new lampwork beads, an adorable owl bead and more. learn to use rivets learn how to expand your skills and open the door for even more creative possibilities with rivets! our rivet handy tip on the blog for beaders will show you how to use these amazing tools to create with metal. get inspired and then start your own work of art. pamper your pets from crystal collars to blinged out outfits, our new pet section provides plenty of ideas for dressing your pet in style. you'll also find other fun tips, like how to stamp a pet id tag or make that simple pet bowl look more appealing when it's in plain sight in the kitchen or laundry room. check out our new and featured products! tucson treasures bolts and rivets base metal chain metal tags and pendants receive the best discounts with our newsletter! sign up today to receive weekly newsletters from artbeads.com! with our email newsletters you'll receive special offers, new product introductions, exclusive coupons, free design ideas and news updates! go to the top right of the website to sign up! - february 2, 2012 - save 25% on all freshwater pearls for a limited time, our entire selection of freshwater pearls is 25% off! save on classic white potato pearls, along with countless color options in fun shapes like keshi or nugget. pearls can easily be added to modern designs, but there is also a timeless quality about their appearance that has made them a treasured choice for jewelry designers over the centuries. use zzpearls25 at checkout to save before this sale ends on wednesday, february 8, 2012 at 11:59pm (pt). today's winter trends let us guide you as you create fashionable jewelry for this season with today's winter trends! you'll find a list of fun products, jewelry-making ideas and more. this is a great resource for designing jewelry that matches what's popular right now. last chance to get ready for valentine's day valentine's day is fast approaching, so make sure to order all of your materials now to have time to create before february 14th. whether you're planning on making jewelry for yourself to wear on valentine's day or creating something special for someone else, have fun exploring all of our valentine's day products and jewelry ideas. you'll love the selection, ranging from gorgeous lampwork glass hearts to message beads and charms. check out our new and featured products! toggle clasps pendants chocolate glaze pavé beads gemstone beads two-hole seed beads receive the best discounts with our newsletter! sign up today to receive weekly newsletters from artbeads.com! with our email newsletters you'll receive special offers, new product introductions, exclusive coupons, free design ideas and news updates! go to the top right of the website to sign up! - january 26, 2012 - last chance to get ready for valentine's day valentine's day is fast approaching, so make sure to order all of your materials now to have time to create before february 14th. whether you're planning on making jewelry for yourself to wear on valentine's day or creating something special for someone else, have fun exploring all of our valentine's day products and jewelry ideas. you'll love the selection, ranging from gorgeous lampwork glass hearts to message beads and charms. today's winter trends let us guide you as you create fashionable jewelry for this season with today's winter trends! you'll find a list of fun products, jewelry-making ideas and more. this is a great resource for designing jewelry that matches what's popular right now. check out our new and featured products! new gemstones new crystal candy pavé beads new base metal chain receive the best discounts with our newsletter! sign up today to receive weekly newsletters from artbeads.com! with our email newsletters you'll receive special offers, new product introductions, exclusive coupons, free design ideas and news updates! go to the top right of the website to sign up! - january 19, 2012 - all chain is now on sale for a limited time only, our entire collection of chain is on sale! whether you prefer working with base metal, sterling silver or gold-filled, this is a nice opportunity to save 5% on your favorites. you'll find an incredible selection, ranging from delicate chain to chunky chain perfect for making belts and embellishing clothing. simply enter zzchain5 at checkout to save before this sale ends on wednesday, january 25 at 11:59pm (pt). get ready for valentine's day whether you're planning on making jewelry for yourself to wear on valentine's day or creating something special for someone else, be sure to explore all of our valentine's day products and jewelry ideas. you'll love the selection, ranging from gorgeous lampwork glass hearts to message beads and charms. today's winter trends let us guide you as you create fashionable jewelry for this season with today's winter trends! you'll find a list of fun products, jewelry-making ideas and more. this is a great resource for designing jewelry that matches what's popular right now. check out our new and featured products! new chain new charms new bamboo beads new links receive the best discounts with our newsletter! sign up today to receive weekly newsletters from artbeads.com! with our email newsletters you'll receive special offers, new product introductions, exclusive coupons, free design ideas and news updates! go to the top right of the website to sign up! - january 12, 2012 - get ready for valentine's day whether you're planning on making jewelry for yourself to wear on valentine's day or creating something special for someone else, be sure to explore all of our valentine's day products and jewelry ideas. you'll love the selection, ranging from gorgeous lampwork glass hearts to message beads and charms. today's winter trends let us guide you as you create fashionable jewelry for this season with today's winter trends! you'll find a list of fun products, jewelry-making ideas and more. this is a great resource for designing jewelry that matches what's popular right now. behind the scenes at artbeads take a tour of artbeads and discover what goes on behind the scenes with artbeads ceo devin kimura in our latest addition to the about us page. let him provide the narrative as you explore our warehouse and view before unseen locations, such as the customer service department and order fulfillment. check out our new and featured products! grace lampwork headpins swarovski crystals limited edition gemstone beads receive the best discounts with our newsletter! sign up today to receive weekly newsletters from artbeads.com! with our email newsletters you'll receive special offers, new product introductions, exclusive coupons, free design ideas and news updates! go to the top right of the website to sign up! - january 5, 2012 - today's winter trends let us guide you as you create fashionable jewelry for this season with today's winter trends! you'll find a list of fun products, jewelry-making ideas and more. this is a great resource for designing jewelry that matches what's popular right now. behind the scenes at artbeads take a tour of artbeads and discover what goes on behind the scenes with artbeads ceo devin kimura in our latest addition to the about us page. let him provide the narrative as you explore our warehouse and view before unseen locations, such as the customer service department and order fulfillment. check out our new and featured products! pavé beads and clasps limited edition gemstone beads pressed czech glass ring shanks receive the best discounts with our newsletter! sign up today to receive weekly newsletters from artbeads.com! with our email newsletters you'll receive special offers, new product introductions, exclusive coupons, free design ideas and news updates! go to the top right of the website to sign up! - december 29, 2011 - end of year clearance sale - save an additional 10% right now, save an additional 10% on all clearance items! this is a prime opportunity to get deep discounts on a variety of beautiful jewelry supplies and components. just enter zztake10 at checkout to save before this sale ends on wednesday, january 4, 2012 at 11:59pm (pt). behind the scenes at artbeads take a tour of artbeads and discover what goes on behind the scenes with artbeads ceo devin kimura in our latest addition to the about us page. let him provide the narrative as you explore our warehouse and view before unseen locations, such as the customer service department and order fulfillment. artbeads contest winners congratulations to the winner of our iwanna ipad2 giveaway, paula w. of florida, and the winner of rudolph's sparkling giveaway, sandy c.! they have each won incredible prizes, which we hope have made their holiday even better. thanks to all of our artbeads customers and fans who participated in these two contests, and stay tuned on the artbeads blog and facebook for our next contest, coming soon. check out our new and featured products! new druk and fire-polished beads new czech glass seed beads new magnetic clasps new swarovski crystals receive the best discounts with our newsletter! sign up today to receive weekly newsletters from artbeads.com! with our email newsletters you'll receive special offers, new product introductions, exclusive coupons, free design ideas and news updates! go to the top right of the website to sign up! - december 22, 2011 - here's a quick last-minute gift idea! ready for some last-minute shopping? if you order your gift after 11:00am (pt) on december 22, your package won't be delivered in time for christmas (even with fedex overnight shipping). but don't worry! you can still give the gift of beading with an artbeads.com email gift certificate. within one business day, we will send the recipient an email with the gift code and information about the sender, including a special message from you if provided. think of how delighted your fellow beader will be to receive your gift in her email inbox! iwanna ipad 2 giveaway the iwanna ipad 2 giveaway ends on december 24, 2011 at 11:59pm (pt), so make sure to enter before it's too late! the winner will be announced on christmas day, december 25, 2011 on the artbeads blog for beaders. tune in to see who gets awarded this fantastic prize! the apple ipad2 with wi-fi and 16gb is the perfect tool to help you create wonderful designs. you can even use it to visit our artbeads.com learning center or learn new techniques with our handy tip videos, or shop artbeads for that perfect bead, tool or jewelry supply. check out our new and featured products! new gemstone beads new unicorne beads new mirage mood beads new swarovski crystals receive the best discounts with our newsletter! sign up today to receive weekly newsletters from artbeads.com! with our email newsletters you'll receive special offers, new product introductions, exclusive coupons, free design ideas and news updates! go to the top right of the website to sign up! - december 15, 2011 - holiday shipping schedule our holiday shipping schedule is for the well-prepared and procrastinator alike. visit our holiday shipping page to find out how far in advance (or how close to the deadline) to order all your christmas gifts and have them ship in time for the big day. iwanna ipad 2 giveaway enter to win your very own ipad 2 this christmas, thanks to artbeads! with all of the fun technological gadgets appearing on wish lists this year, we thought it was only fair for santa to send one lucky beader this fantastic prize. the 16 gb apple ipad2 is the perfect tool to help you create wonderful designs. you can even use it to visit our artbeads.com learning center or learn new techniques with our handy tip videos, or shop artbeads for that perfect bead, tool or jewelry supply. check out our new and featured products! new dichroic bamboo beads new gemstone beads new seed bead kits new saw tools receive the best discounts with our newsletter! sign up today to receive weekly newsletters from artbeads.com! with our email newsletters you'll receive special offers, new product introductions, exclusive coupons, free design ideas and news updates! go to the top right of the website to sign up! - december 8, 2011 - new copper patina sheets lillypilly has created a wonderful new collection of metal sheets featuring a variety of gorgeous patterns and textures using a patina finish. these sheets are a great start to mixed media projects and will instantly add a vintage flair to your artwork and jewelry designs. find out more about these sheets on the artbeads blog for beaders or see them for yourself. holiday shipping schedule our holiday shipping schedule is for the well-prepared and procrastinator alike. visit our holiday shipping page to find out how far in advance (or how close to the deadline) to order all your christmas gifts and have them ship in time for the big day. iwanna ipad 2 giveaway enter to win your very own ipad 2 this christmas, thanks to artbeads! with all of the fun technological gadgets appearing on wish lists this year, we thought it was only fair for santa to send one lucky beader this fantastic prize. the apple ipad2 with wi-fi and 16gb is the perfect tool to help you create wonderful designs. you can even use it to visit our artbeads.com learning center or learn new techniques with our handy tip videos, or shop artbeads for that perfect bead, tool or jewelry supply. check out our new and featured products! new lillypilly metal sheets new metal working tools new gemstones receive the best discounts with our newsletter! sign up today to receive weekly newsletters from artbeads.com! with our email newsletters you'll receive special offers, new product introductions, exclusive coupons, free design ideas and news updates! go to the top right of the website to sign up! - december 1, 2011 - holiday shipping schedule our holiday shipping schedule is for the well-prepared and procrastinator alike. visit our holiday shipping page to find out how far in advance (or how close to the deadline) to order all your christmas gifts and have them ship in time for the big day. save 10% on all swarovski! on november 1st, 363 excited customers left comments on our blog telling us about all of the goodies on their christmas wish lists! we loved hearing what you had to say, and now the top wish list item is 10% off. use coupon code zzswaro10 to save on everything swarovski, including sparkling beads, pendants, eye-catching rhinestones and even our new chatons! iwanna ipad 2 giveaway enter to win your very own ipad 2 this christmas, thanks to artbeads! with all of the fun technological gadgets appearing on wish lists this year, we thought it was only fair for santa to send one lucky beader this fantastic prize. the apple ipad2 with wi-fi and 16gb is the perfect tool to help you create wonderful designs. you can even use it to visit our artbeads.com learning center or learn new techniques with our handy tip videos, or shop artbeads for that perfect bead, tool or jewelry supply. check out our new and featured products! new clasps new lampwork beads new stretch rings new swarovski chatons receive the best discounts with our newsletter! sign up today to receive weekly newsletters from artbeads.com! with our email newsletters you'll receive special offers, new product introductions, exclusive coupons, free design ideas and news updates! go to the top right of the website to sign up! - november 24, 2011 - iwanna ipad 2 giveaway enter to win your very own ipad 2 this christmas, thanks to artbeads! with all of the fun technological gadgets appearing on wish lists this year, we thought it was only fair for santa to send one lucky beader this fantastic prize. the apple ipad2 with wi-fi and 16gb is the perfect tool to help you create wonderful designs. you can even use it to visit our artbeads.com learning center or learn new techniques with our handy tip videos, or shop artbeads for that perfect bead, tool or jewelry supply. plan your holiday shipping we're ready to help you prepare for the holidays with time to spare this year by offering plenty of gift suggestions and jewelry ideas to spur your imagination. as you start your holiday shopping, feel free to take a look at our shipping page so that you're aware of all your options. orders ship from our warehouse in 24 hours and are delivered to their destinations based on your preferred shipping method. check out our new and featured products! new pendants new silver-filled components new limited edition gemstone beads receive the best discounts with our newsletter! sign up today to receive weekly newsletters from artbeads.com! with our email newsletters you'll receive special offers, new product introductions, exclusive coupons, free design ideas and news updates! go to the top right of the website to sign up!printable questions/answers __userid__ news.html customer service contact us faq shipping info returns ordering info order status company info why artbeads? about us artbeads news jobs our guarantee mobile site info site search faq site map secure ordering login faq privacy policy community artbeads blog customer reviews the answer box facebook, myspace, twitter youtube link to us copyright © 1999-2013 artbeads.com®, a stores in motion company. all rights reserved. on sale! new products  | clearance  | coupons  | top picks  | themes  | gift cards  | learning center  | getting started  | videos  | community my favorites view cart my account | log in welcome $$firstname$$ my account | log out faq | customer service | 866-715-2323