来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20250503043805/https://artbeads.com/what-are-my-shipping-options/
================================================================================

what are my shipping options? ✖ mother's day double points + free gift - shop now ► how to bead account list cart more shop jewelry supplies all jewelry supplies beads charms & pendants findings & components stringing & wire tools & supplies chain leather jewelry kits & sets rhinestones & fancy stones finished jewelry shop by brand shop by material shop by theme gifts & collectibles shop prestige crystal new and noteworthy all new and noteworthy new additions best sellers artbeads designer series noteworthy items limited + exclusive items all new + noteworthy see all new products new variety value packs the bead llama ultimate jewelry making kit new from the bead llama prestige crystal components new sparkle mystery mixes new czech fire-polish glass bead bundles the bead llama designer bead blends and strands new jewelry kits toho bead blends cyber monday finds black friday finds thanksgiving finds the bead llama jewelry kits prestige hotfix crystal designer blends artbeaders' halloween headquarters i-cord knitter necessities czech glass cradle beads limited edition czech bead strands raven's journey new beading & knotting cord 4th of july let the sparks fly bead mix explore bead mixes & designer blends become a maker month serendipity encore stretch bracelet kits limited edition czech glass flower beads exclusive cicada pendant from gardanne beads new clasps new seed beads everyday essentials memory wire & stretch cord for easy bracelets the bead llama designer blends lovely lotus earring kits cabochons and cameos march birthstone aquamarine prestige easter spotlight designer color palettes all things amethyst hearts and love peach fuzz - color of the year prestige designer blends jesse james beads beading mystery mix gifts & collectibles crystal lane dark academia style fall leaves czechmates bar beads holiday charms tools gardanne beads the beadsmith toho re:glass pretty in pink preciosa alphabet charms jewelry chain rainbow jewelry & supplies citrus green fourth of july tierracast artbeads designer sterling silver components vee beads nunn design dakota stones vacation destination czech glass mixes toho challenge 2023 artbeads aiko ring kits matubo holiday kits damyanah studio crystal katana hand-painted artist focals prestige fine rocks tube beads green girl studios findings, charms, and more toho challenge 2022 toho aiko seed beads roseta beads anna bronze findings golem design studio findings pendants earring findings grace lampwork beads jewelry-making kits bangles sterling silver paperclip chain tulip chain sets focal beads superduo beads aiko seed bead bundles design studio discounts and deals all discounts and deals clearance buy in bulk all sale items personal shopper live with sara lovecraft personal shopper live with becky dahl personal shopper live with deb floros personal shopper live with julie bean personal shopper live with andria bieber tutorials all tutorials video tutorials artbeads café live jewelry making classes getting started how to by technique by designer the bead llama all blog jewelry articles color palletes definitions and measurements products & materials faqs design resources new product introductions jewelry & craft ideas meet the artisans designer downloads just for fun! artbeads guide archive live welcome to the design studio welcome to the design studio artbeads guide to everything artbeads guide to everything design resources design resources artbeads jewelry designers artbeads jewelry designers artbeads website artbeads website customer service customer service definitions & measurements definitions & measurements a a b b c c d d e e f f g g h h j j k k l l m m n n p p q q r r s s t t v v w w products & materials products & materials semi-precious gemstones semi-precious gemstones privacy & security gift certificates #seriousartbeader jewelry supplies all jewelry supplies beads charms & pendants findings & components stringing & wire tools & supplies chain leather jewelry kits & sets rhinestones & fancy stones finished jewelry shop by brand shop by material shop by theme gifts & collectibles shop prestige crystal new and noteworthy all new and noteworthy new additions best sellers artbeads designer series noteworthy items limited + exclusive items discounts and deals all discounts and deals clearance buy in bulk all sale items personal shopper live with sara lovecraft personal shopper live with becky dahl personal shopper live with deb floros personal shopper live with julie bean personal shopper live with andria bieber tutorials all tutorials video tutorials artbeads café live jewelry making classes getting started how to by technique by designer the bead llama blog all blog jewelry articles color palletes definitions and measurements products & materials faqs design resources new product introductions jewelry & craft ideas meet the artisans designer downloads just for fun! artbeads guide archive live shop by brand shop by material shop by theme × search home artbeads guide to everything customer service what are my shipping options? what are my shipping options? orders processed by the next business day we understand how important it is for you to get your beads quickly, so we make every effort to begin processing your order the same day you place it. our orders ship in 1 to 3 business days. place your order before noon pacific time (pt) for the fastest delivery. orders placed after noon on friday, or any time on saturday or sunday, will begin processing monday or the following business day if the monday falls on a holiday. exceptions: we always strive to process quickly, but sometimes there may be delays due to reasons which are beyond our control: incorrect billing or shipping address payment delay or issue delays due to severe weather conditions delays attributed directly to the carrier - note* we are still receiving occasional covid delay notifications from all carriers extremely high order volume due to a current sale free economy shipping in the usa for orders over $49 artbeads.com is your online bead store offering exceptional beads and jewelry-making supplies at low prices. as part of our effort to help you save money, artbeads.com offers free shipping in the u.s. on all orders over $49. simply choose "free economy" at checkout to take advantage of these savings! amount is calculated after all discounts and coupons have been applied. orders under $49 will be charged a $4.49 shipping fee free returns don't love it? return it fast and easy, with our free return label. get the details here. $4.99 shipping to canada we don't want our neighbors to the north to miss out on the savings! artbeads.com offers $4.99 shipping to canada with no minimum order. simply select "canada $4.99 first class mail" at checkout to take advantage of this fantastic offer! please note that duties, taxes and other import related fees on your bead order may apply. see below for more details. great international shipping rates in addition to our fantastic shipping offers for the united states and canada, we offer some of the best international rates available, including flat rate priority shipping for orders under 1.8 kilograms (4 pounds)! international orders shipping via fedex will be charged the actual cost of the shipping based on the weight of the order. please note that duties, taxes and other import-related fees may apply. see below for more details. shipping rate table listed below are your options for shipping methods, estimated delivery times and costs: u.s. shipping rates shipping methodestimateddelivery timecostnotes economy mail 2-8 business days free ($4.49 for orders under $49) usps does not guarantee delivery times. priority mail w/ delivery conf. 1-5 business days $6.99 usps does not guarantee delivery times. express mail 1-3 business days $26.99 (signature required) usps does not guarantee delivery times. ups ground 3-7 business days displayed at checkout there is no saturday or sunday delivery. ups 3-day/fedex 3-day express saver 3 business days displayed at checkout there is no saturday or sunday delivery. ups 2-day/fedex 2-day 2 business days displayed at checkout there is no saturday or sunday delivery. ups next day/fedex standard overnight 1 business day, typically by 4:30pm displayed at checkout there is no saturday or sunday delivery. canadian shipping rates shipping methodestimateddelivery timecostnotes canada first class mail 1-3 weeks $4.99 only available for orders weighing less than 1.8 kg (4 lbs). this shipping method is not trackable and delivery times are not guaranteed. canada priority mail 5-14 business days $19.99 only available for orders weighing less than 1.8 kg (4 lbs). this method is not trackable and delivery times are not guaranteed. canada intl. express ups/fedex 2-4 business days displayed at checkout (signature required) international shipping rates shipping methodestimateddelivery timecostnotes international economy mail 1-3 weeks (depending on the destination and customs) displayed at checkout only available to select contries for orders weighing less than 1.8 kg (4 lbs). international priority mail 1-3 weeks (depending on the destination and customs) $26.99 only available for orders weighing less than 1.8 kg (4 lbs). international express ups/fedex 2-4 business days displayed at checkout (signature required) not available for all countries. shipping policies at artbeads.com, we make every effort to process (pack and ship) your order by the next business day, while making sure that your order is both accurate and carefully packaged. you will be able to choose your shipping method at the time of checkout. all shipping charges are final. you will never have to pay more for shipping than what you see when completing checkout. duties, customs, and any import fees may apply and are your responsibility. please note: we do not ship c.o.d. for larger orders, we often attach insurance or request delivery confirmations, which is paid by artbeads.com. holidays artbeads.com is proud to celebrate the following holidays: easter memorial day independence day thanksgiving christmas day new year's day we will be closed and will not process or ship any orders on those days.in addition to the holidays above, the post office is closed for these holidays: martin luther king jr.'s birthday presidents' day labor day columbus day veteran's day while we will be open on these holidays and processing orders, unfortunately, due to all carriers (u.s. mail, fedex, etc.) being closed on these days, we will not be able to ship out any orders. transit times our orders ship from boise, idaho (usa), which means that some orders mailed to the east coast, or outside of this country, may not arrive as quickly as orders mailed to destinations that are closer to idaho. please note that occasionally, orders may take longer to process than stated due to large order volumes associated with holidays, special promotions, or delays associated with the carrier. additionally, the fedex shipping options we offer do not include deliveries on saturday or sunday. international orders pass through customs, which may add additional delays. for more information on possible service interruptions with shipments sent via usps please click here. for shipments sent via fedex please click here. additional information important: fedex will not deliver to a p.o. box, nor does it deliver on saturday or sunday. changes to delivery addresses: if we are asked to make a change to a delivery address once a shipment left our facility, we will contact the courier to try and have them reroute the shipment. this may result in additional fees that you will be responsible for. note that changes to delivery addresses are not possible for shipments sent via usps. refusal of package: if you refuse or do not claim a package shipped via fedex you will be responsible for the original delivery charges and be charged the fee to ship the package back to us as well as any duties charged to us. deliveries to hotels: when requesting delivering to a hotel, if the front desk refuses the package for any reason you will be responsible for the original delivery charges as well as any charges required to reship the package. economy mail: artbeads reserves the right to ship either directly with usps for domestic economy mail or to use alternative contracted third party carrier(s) to ship with instead. delays beyond our control: delays in delivery due to "acts of nature" or mechanical issues will not be reimbursed. apo/fpo addresses: note that only our usa economy shipping and usa priority mail methods are available for apo/fpo shipments. neither usa express mail or federal express are currently available. customs charges/import duties: for international orders, any duties, taxes or other import fees assessed by customs will be the responsibility of the recipient.we cannot alter customs forms to indicate "gift" status or otherwise. complete invoices will be enclosed in the packages as postal and import/export regulations require. signature waivers: we will not request a signature to be waived upon delivery. customers choosing to waive required signatures with their individual carriers assume all responsibility for their orders once they leave our facilities. special instruction: please do not ask us to have the usps leave packages "on the back porch," etc., as the usps does not accept special requests. fedex tracking: if you have elected to ship via fedex and would like to track your order, please go to the fedex website and enter your tracking number to check the shipping status. lost packages: due to no fault of our own, on rare occasion packages sent via the us postal service or other carrier never arrive at their destination. if the carrier has confirmed delivery of the package, no replacement order will be sent. claims for missing packages shown as delivered should be handled directly with the carrier or local police department. if you have not received your package and the carrier has not confirmed delivery, please contact us for information regarding a replacement package. for international orders, we suggest checking with your local customs office to inquire about your order. if your order was never confirmed as received by the carrier, we may replace your order after a waiting period has elapsed if you complete an affidavit confirming that your package was never received. if we do not receive this signed affidavit form back from you within 30 days from receipt, we will assume that your order has been received and the issue has been resolved. if your order was not received because shipping information provided during checkout was incorrect, this policy will not apply. please contact one of our skilled customer service representatives to discuss your various options. countries available for shipping destinations: we are happy to offer shipping options for the following countries. if the country you desire is not listed below, please contact customer service for details. antigua and barbuda, aruba, australia, austria, bahamas, barbados, belgium, belize, bermuda, bonaire, sint eustatius and saba, brazil, canada, cayman islands, chile, china, costa rica, curacao, cyprus, czech republic, denmark, dominican republic, egypt, estonia, fiji, finland, france, france, metropolitan, french polynesia, germany, greece, greenland, guam, guatemala, hong kong, hungary, iceland, ireland, israel, italy, jamaica, japan, korea, republic of, kuwait, luxembourg, macau, malawi, malaysia, malta, mexico, monaco, netherlands, new caledonia, new zealand, norfolk island, norway, panama, papua new guinea, peru, philippines, portugal, puerto rico, saint lucia, saint vincent and the grenadines, saudi arabia, singapore, sint maarten, south africa, spain, sweden, switzerland, taiwan, thailand, trinidad and tobago, turkey, turks and caicos islands, us minor outlying islands, united arab emirates, united kingdom, united states, venezuela, virgin islands (u.s.) contact us any other problems, concerns, or questions can be directed to any of our artbeads customer service representatives. they can be reached every weekday (except for major holidays) from 8am to 4:15pm pt. full name phone number email address * order number comments/questions * × × current stock: ok explore the elegance of czech glass beads shop now need help? get in touch: support@artbeads.com email us jewelry supplies popular brands shop by material shop by theme alphabet beads beading thread beads bracelets & cuffs chain charms & pendants clasps & toggles cord & yarn czech glass beads earrings & backs findings & components finished jewelry gemstone beads jewelry wire jump rings kits large-hole beads leather leather findings metal beads necklaces rings seed beads stringing & wire tools & supplies artbeads designer series designer seed bead blends designer blends featuring prestige crystal designer gemstone blends designer wire spools + coils designer jewelry wire designer jewelry kits bulk packs for serious artbeaders prestige austrian crystal crystal beads charms & pendants flatback hotfix rhinestones no hotfix rhinestones sew-on fancy stones crystal pearl beads ordering information shipping returns faq gift cards customer service privacy + security terms popular searches about artbeads.com our story our guarantee opportunities share the love product reviews my account account profile gift card balance checker order status artbeads rewards my lists design studio explore new to jewelry making? jewelry & tutorials artbeads guide to everything video tutorials live streams join our community online course options subscribe to our newsletter email address #seriousartbeader #seriousartbeader googlepay_mark_800_gray created with sketch. all rights reserved © 1999-2025 artbeads.com® account sign in email address: password: forgot your password? create account #seriousartbeader