来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20090616003124/http://www.brambleberry.com:80/comments.aspx
================================================================================

comments : questions : contact bramble berry soap making supplies :: brambleberry.com :: (360).734.8278 :: toll-free 877.627.7883 :: contact bramble berry what's new | soapmaking fragrance oils | essential oils | soap colorants | soap bases | packaging | soap making kits | testimonials shopping cart: 0 items in cart total: $0.00 my profile i'm searching for: surplus items web specials limited editions gift certificates bases: melt and pour bases: soap and body books candle dyes candle fragrance oils candle fragrances a-k candle fragrances l-z candle wax and wicks essential oils original essential oils organic essential oils synergistic blends exfoliants extracts fixed oils/waxes fragrance oils fragrance oils a to g fragrance oils h to n fragrance oils o to z cybilla fragrance a to f cybilla fragrance g to r cybilla fragrance s to z herbs and botanicals labcolors liquidsoap dye basic 12 colors and labomb countryside low ph high ph blends low ph dye, tropicals mists and olives lip butter flavorings lotion making supplies micas/colorants miscellaneous soap supplies sea salts lye soap making ingredients soap ropes molds 3-d soap molds budget molds column soap molds custom soap molds - i embedding soap molds flexible soap molds guest soap soap molds heavy duty soap molds milky way soap molds - i milky way soap molds - ii slab soap molds stepping stone molds packaging seasonal soap/holiday themes soap stamps soap making kits mineral make-up kits soaping hardware soap queen blog store policies and shipping info customer testimonials otion soap bar - soap classes soap making lye calculator metric conversion chart soap making success stories product newsletter social responsibility statement learn more customer comments and testimonials customer service and satisfaction is top priority at bramble berry. here are some comments from the many happy soap makers who purchase bramble berry products. thank you all for your patronage! • questions or comments? we'd love to hear from you! write to us here bramble berry customer comments & testimonials : 2009 read customer comments from previous years.... 2009 2008 2007 2006 2005 2004 2003 from gina , friday, may 29, 2009: you guys are totally awesome!  your products, your web pages, your blog and soap queen tv have been wonderful inspirations for me.  i have been going through a lot of pain lately with the loss of my brother, my father and now my mother has taken a turn for the worse.  the one thing that has kept me focused, kept me grounded and kept me from wallowing in self-pity has been making soap.  the uplifting smells, the creative expression, the hands-on requirement have been amazingly therapeutic for me. your products and instruction have been top notch.  you inspire so many men and women out there.  keep up the good work and thank you. from jessica wheeler, tuesday, may 26, 2009: i love the service at bramble berry!  everyone is so nice and i always get such a quick response whenever i have a question.  the shipping is super fast and i don't think i have ever receive a scent i didn't like.  i tell everyone about bramble berry! from zuleyka, wednesday, may 20, 2009: i really want to thank you for having the most amazing soap molds out there and the incredible prices. the oils are delicious and bring out the creative side in me. xoxo from -judithann colein, tuesday, may 12, 2009: thank you, michelle! as usual, bramble berry's superb customer assistance has done it again!  answered all my questions promptly and completely!  i'm happy to remain a loyal bramble berry customer! from -deborah, friday, may 08, 2009: my grandaughter and i made the honey oatmeal vanilla soap from the kit i ordered. she really enjoyed stirring in the fragrance and boy did my house smell great!! we ordered more ingredients for future soap making adventures! thanks from dee, monday, may 04, 2009: hi michelle! i received the correct mold and am so happy with it, it's beautiful. this was my 1st purchase and have had nothing but great communication and satisfaction! thank you so much! i will buy again! from valerie, monday, april 27, 2009: i purchased supplies to make environmentally friendly lip balm with my high school chemistry class for earth day. it was a big hit! not only were your products wonderful but my students really enjoyed it, and the lip balm we produced was very high quality! also, the package arrived exactly when it said it would and was packed lovely - loved the free fragrance oil as well!! thanks so much, brambleberry, for helping to make earth day a hit for my chemistry students :-) from nancy nicolos, thursday, april 16, 2009: wow! this is the first time that i’ve ordered since you’ve revamped your website!  i love the changes! hats off to you…and thanks so much! from loretta, thursday, april 09, 2009: hi holly, thank you so much for your fast response and wonderful help!  :o) the scent sample was sooo delicious that i think i'll be wearing this oil straight from the bottle when i get it, haha. many thanks again, loretta from -karen, wednesday, april 01, 2009: "i've got to say the connection for delivery from bellingham to moscow is awesome!  thanks! i'm waiting to make some cucumber melon lip balm going to a customer in tanzania, east africa.  she comes "home" for a few weeks this time of the year to get her teeth cleaned, annual exam, and to order soaps, lotion and lip balm from me that she takes back to tz with her.  couldn't do it without the products and service from bramble berry!  thanks, again, courtney!" from rebecca, friday, march 13, 2009: "thanks so much for quick shipment of my order! the essential oils were just what i needed, and i cant stop sniffing the rise and shine fo!  happiness and light indeed!" from tangela, wednesday, march 04, 2009: my order did arrive today and i truly appreciated the great service i received from brambleberry.  i can't wait to try out my thank you for the order sample of matcha tea. thanks a lot brambleberry, i look forward to ordering from you in the future. from jennette, friday, february 27, 2009: "i just have to say that i love doing business with bb the most out of all the companies that i have done business with.  thank you for getting my order out the door already today!" from cynthia, friday, february 27, 2009: "it was delivered in the late aft, yay for bb!  you guys are so fast and helpful.  the supplies are just  wonderful, too. (i'm so in love with cybilla's musk.  i think it has a slight cucumber note to it).  some day i'm gonna head west and visit the store, that's my dream.  thanks, michelle! " from kathy, sunday, february 22, 2009: "just received my latest order and wanted to let everyone know how happy i am, once again! so excited that cinnamon sugar has gone permanent,and the new pomegranate." from yvonne, friday, february 20, 2009: "this is a good time to tell you how much i like your soaping products.  you offer some fine quality items not easy to find on other sites. thank you for your great service" from judith, thursday, february 19, 2009: "i just got my order! a day early. the sample of pomegranate and black currant is wonderful!  thanks so much for great service!" from aimee, tuesday, february 03, 2009: "thank you, thank you, thank you!!!!!  i just wanted to drop you a line and let you know how much i appreciate your wonderful customer service.  i had an order question i phoned into you all over the holidays.  i didn't really expect an answer for some time, being a week-end and a holiday...but if memory serves me correctly, someone from your company called me the very next day.  and...when i did receive my order there was an awesome carrot cake flavor sample in the box.  i would never in a million years have ordered this flavor...but my entire family just love it.  thank you so much for that wonderful surprise!!!!!  i will be placing another order really soon." from michaux, wednesday, january 28, 2009: "dear bramble berry! thank you for your prompt answer.  i actually discovered the cybilla almond on my own last night and placed an order. i am new to soap making and have lots to learn.  i have been ordering from your company for a few months now and i am so impressed.  your website is informative and professional, customer service is wonderful, packaging/shipping are consistently dependable and your newsletter is a wealth of valuable advice.  i imagine all of you at b.b. are very blessed to have such a great company to work for.  keep up the good work and the terrific service!! thank you again" from lynn, tuesday, january 27, 2009: "thanks for sending my order so quickly!!!! you guys are great as usual. very satisfied customer!" from richard, wednesday, january 21, 2009: "...thank you guys so much for your help. i am totally impressed with your company and will be buying more from you guys in the future. your pricing was very competitive and the level of customer service was out of this world. it's good to see that in a rough economy that some people aren't skimping on customer service." from mary, tuesday, january 20, 2009: "the supplies arrived on monday and they're fabulous; i'm really pleased. you folks are definitely my go-to soap supplier!" from sharon, friday, january 16, 2009: "dear bramble berry, i would like to thank you for the caring and efficient way in which you handled my last order. i understand how difficult it can be to meet an individual customers request. you have met my needs perfectly and i am delighted. i have always praised your products and now i would like to praise your exceptional customer service. thanks again!" from davia, thursday, january 15, 2009: "thanks for the prompt reply.  i appreciate it.  i really think your products are superior and the customer service is always friendly and helpful!  even though i place small orders, i appreciate the personal attention. i look forward to many more orders with bb." from sara, wednesday, january 14, 2009: "...i just want to say that i love your website!  there is a lot of helpful information for us newbies, it's greatly appreciated." from amanda, thursday, january 08, 2009: "thank you so much for all your help!  it is great how you respond to each inquiry in a timely manner!  i would definitely use you again if i ever decide to make soap myself.  this order was for a friend's birthday and i am sure that she will love it!  thanks again!" from kirsten, monday, january 05, 2009: "...you are amazing! i know bramble berry has a great reputation for customer service and now i have experienced it first hand ( and i  liked the products and speedy deliveries as well)." from nancy, friday, january 02, 2009: "...over the years i've found that i like the selection, quality and service of bramble berry best of all the places i've ordered supplies from." from mary kay, thursday, january 01, 2009: "i will be shopping on your web site again soon for more ideas and supplies!! thanks so much for the great products and suggestions!" bramble berry®, inc. warehouse: 2138 humboldt st., bellingham, wa 98225 (not open to public) phone: 360/734-8278, fax: 360/752-0992, e-mail: write to us here. © copyright 1999 - 2006 bramble berry®, inc. this site (all pages, theme, wording, images, etc.), unless noted otherwise, is the exclusive property of bramble berry®, inc. all rights reserved. // jscript file