来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20111225163119/http://www.brambleberry.com/Pages/Testimonials.aspx
================================================================================

bramble berry ® soap making supplies | testimonials bramble berry® soap making supplies supplying you with ingredients to make your life more beautiful login account wishlist basket about us what's new policies help melt & pour soap cold process soap candles mineral make-up lip balm lotion natural & organic customer testimonials customer service and satisfaction is top priority at bramble berry. here are some comments from the many happy soap makers who purchase bramble berry products. thank you all for your patronage! questions or comments? we'd love to hear from you! write to us here. thanks for being so awesome! you always ship quickly and my order arrives quickly. the products are outstanding, can't thank you enough. i wish all the companies i order from were like you....and i wouldn't order from them if you had all i needed...lol. anyhow, keep up the good work...you guys rock!!!! courtney 11/19/2011 i just wanted to share with you how pleased i always am with the products i purchased from brambleberry! you know what i always look forward to? the free fragrance oil you "slip" into my package and the personal "thanks" written on the shipping receipt. customer service means a lot and y'all really rock! thank you! p.s. also wanted you to know that in all my experimenting with m & p soap bases and fragrances, i've given so many of those soap samples to one of the homeless missions here in memphis...pay it forward! thanks! donna 11/18/2011 i just got my shipment last night and was very pleased! i am so excited to try making melt and pour soap. this is my first time. i am writing because i would like to thank the 3 girls (don't know 2 of their names) that helped me after calling in several times. i am a new customer. with every call, each girl was so courteous and kind and went out of their way to help me. these things i remember when i'm ordering from companies. this is my first order and i was using 2 $25.00 visa gift cards. i was told i could only use 1 per order (i told her i didn't know). but kristen actually took the time and split my order and tried to work out the shipping so i could use both cards. she went over and beyond your normal rules, i'm sure, and i thought that was so sweet. i told her now i know and i will make sure i buy 1 card next time as to not do that again.your phone service is impeccable! i'm just tickled about that! if there is a way you can find out who those girls were, please give them a hand and thank you! i will be ordering again from your company. could you please also make a note on my account to leave future orders on my back porch. it was raining last night and fedex actually left my box at another door in the rain, which i know wasn't your fault. once again, thanks so much for the caring and courteous gestures and the free sample. happy thanksgiving! melanie 11/17/2011 i just got my order...thank you for your professionalism, promptness, quality, and the free sample! i am glad i chose your company to purchase my supplies from. marlene 11/16/2011 thank you so much for supplies and soap queen tv. my local stores are not carrying soap making supplies and i started making soap a few years ago. the colors and scents from bramble berry are top quality. i have started putting a clear layer, placing plastic fairy buttons in my bars,then a fun color.kids love to wash and then keep the button. thank you for all you do to keep this craft alive! mandy 11/11/2011 hi ladies, i just wanted to take a moment to say thank you to your employee tina and to tell you just how great she is. it took three phone calls to finally get my order straightened out but she was very patient and even when we thought we were through, she called me back to tell me the 8 oz pump bottles had just come in and i got them in the order. thank you again. melanie 10/24/2011 my second or third shipment arrived today, and i just wanted to stop and thank you for placing an extra item for me in each shipment. you're an amazing company from what i've experienced so far: wonderful videos to help newbies like me; great customer service to field questions; great packaging -- no shipment problems -- and on top of that, you extend appreciation to your customers by adding an extra item to their shipment. more companies should be like you. thanks barbara 10/23/2011 i love your products. i just got my very first order from you only 4 days after i bought it. you guys had written thank you on the receipt and even put in a sample fragrance. now that's customer service. no wonder you are the best in the world! katie 10/18/2011 i am a new soap-er and am already hooked. i do cp and have tried hp. i have to admit to being curious about m&p as i have a handicapped child who wishes she could help mommy. i know that when i get the courage to try this m&p that your site will have all i need. your site has made my soaps better...thank you bramble berry. cynthia 10/12/2011 you have a stellar  phone team at bb (being a newbie i think i have dealt with all of them, lol). they are knowledgeable and thoughtful and they act like i am the only customer on the phone and they take all the time i need....maybe i am and everyone else orders online. this is what makes your company successful along with the superior products! if you hold staff meetings please take them out to lunch or get doughnuts or something and tell them, from the shipping dept to the ph team, they are great. i love you guys at bb. thank you for correcting my mishap....with all my goodies i will be hoping for it again lol. 10/12/2011 thank you for your excellent customer service. i know it takes time to have someone reply to all of the little e-mails like mine. i appreciate the personal touch you all add to everything. you are a model to me for my own business.  thanks again! mary 10/11/2011 i just got my package. i can not believe how carefully you handled the items. thank you! thank you! thank you so much! you have the best prices, best shipping rates and the best quality products. senum 10/6/2011 kristen, thanks so much for helping me through this -- i am making cupcake bath bombs as the "mom favor" for my little girls' birthday party next weekend so i really have to watch how much i'm spending.also, when i called yesterday with some questions, tina was more than helpful -- she even pulled up the tutorial i found for making these little bath treats to make sure i wouldn't be missing any steps when it came time to make them. soooo nice. its really wonderful to have someone be that helpful on the phone -- especially when i know nothing about soaping. tina had me feeling confident by the end of the phone call and now i can't wait to get these supplies so i can make these adorable favors for all the moms who will endure my girls' crazy hooplah of a party next weekend. ; ) i'm a blogger who is blogging about my kids' party and i will be sure to give lots of thanks to brambleberry on my post about these favors. y'all rock!!! elizabeth 10/5/2011 hello everyone, bramble berry is the best place to find all your soap supplies. you all are awesome.  i can't tell you how much i love everything you carry. you are the best. thank you. donna 9/30/2011 i have been making shaving soap for about 3 months using locally purchased supplies. i found the brambleberry sight and could not believe how much cheaper their prices were so i placed an order. the order arrived amazingly fast and the quality of the supplies is incredable! i can't get over the wasabi and wake up rosemary blend scents!!!!! they are great for my shaving soap, thank you brambleberry! scott 9/22/2011 i had my presentation tonight, and thanks to your [kristen] advice, it was a huge success! the ladies made some beautiful colors of both candles and soap, and were very impressed with the fragrance selection. at least five people asked where i got my product, so hopefully you can get a few more customers. amazing customer service, each time i need it.  thanks again! missy 9/13/2011 i love bramble berry! i love the soap queen videos because they helped me understand soaping more. i love the hand writen thank you on the order forms, it makes me feel valued. most of all i love your products!! thank you for the sample gifts you sent! you guys are the best!! madelyn 9/9/2011 just wanted to let you know that your staff rocks for getting my order shipped before the long weekend! i appreciate the great service very much :) kathy 9/3/2011 i have been obsessively reading your blog and watching soap queen tv for the last week to the point where i’m dreaming about soap!i have dabbled in soap making using craft store supplies but your videos really inspired me to try some new projects and to invest in quality supplies.i received my first bramble berry order yesterday and could not be happier with it. even my husband (who is a watchdog on my crafting budget) was impressed with your site and has been making suggestions for my next order. i appreciate everything that you do: the tutorials, the videos, the kits, the way comments and questions on blog posts are responded to…you have a customer for life! carrie 9/2/2011 i received my order a week or so ago (brain fog!) and everything arrived unscathed and in a timely fashion. thank you for the almond biscotti - i forgot i was to receive a little gift - more brain fog! :o) anyway...i find your shipping rates very reasonable; anne-marie is delightful in her videos, graciously and generously interacting on her blog, and i look forward to doing more business with you again. i'm a "noob," but have learned a great deal from her already! pk 9/1/2011 hello! i just received my order and i wanted to tell you thank you so much for the almond biscotti. it is things like this that make customers want to come back.thank you for taking care of your customers in a neat way. i just might have to follow your lead with my customers. thanks much! amy 8/12/2011 hi guys, i just wanted to take a minute to thank you all for both of my orders. i am truly glad i discovered your company. the shipping was super fast and the packaging amazing. all the products are so awsome. i litterly sit by the door and wait for the order to come in. i loved the mango sample you guys sent me and the fact that you read my comment and were so nice to fullfill it so nicely!!! thanks alot guys you all rock!!! anna 8/2/2011 thanks so much, you are the fastest delivering company in the world!! i can always depend on you!! what a blessing to have you right up north from me. thank you again bramble berry. vicki 7/29/2011 this company as a whole, its dedication and customer service, are hands down, the best i've ever worked with. maveric 7/26/2011 thank you so much. as always bramble berry's customer service saves the day! i greatly appreciate the time you take to thoughtfully reply to my many questions. it's not just your products and tutorials but your personal touch that have made me a kayak customer. keep up the great work! sara 7/23/2011 i just wanted to take a minute to say "thank you". i've been ordering from bramble berry for a couple of years now and every time i receive my order, it is just awesome. everything is packaged so nicely and it arrives so quickly. your website is a place for inspiration and if possible, i'd just say "give me one of everything".   i teach soap making classes on our farm and when asked where to find soap making supplies, i always say "my favorite place is bramble berry!" thank you again. it is a pleasure to do business with you! karen 7/20/2011 i just have to tell you how much i appreciate bramble berry and everyone that helps it be all the wonderfulness that it is! i began making m&p soaps almost 3 years ago. i quickly learned of your company from a friend and have been hooked on your products ever since. my hubby and i had 3 daughters, and in nov. 2009 we began the adoption process. i used my m&p soaps to help pad our adoption savings account. i think over 16 months i sold about $2500 worth! we adopted our sweet baby (girl #4!!) in april of this year. two weeks later a tornado damaged our home (thankfully we were not there at the time!). the hardest thing about that time was being out of our home for 7 weeks while repairs were done. the second hardest was not being able to soap my stress away! i was so glad to be back home by june 1st, and i was especially glad when i was finally back in my kitchen creating fun and pretty soaps. such a relaxing thing for me to do! anyway, just wanted to express to you that bramble berry has greatly enhanced my soaping experience and for that i am thankful! cheryl 7/14/2011 anne-marie, i just want to thank you for such a wonderful job your doing with your site, info, recipes, your helpful comments on all the above!! i surf and surf for information that i need, and i always find my answers here! truly, i thank you! robin 7/12/2011 i just wanted to let you know that love your products! the quality of your fragrance oils is fabulous. marilyn 7/7/2011 i just wanted to say thank you for all that you are doing for the soaping world. you have given me so many tools that i think that i can actually give turning my new hobby into a business. from your great products to all the extras, you have made a real place for people to go to learn, share and grow. i have found a real passion and a place to help me make it grow and become better. patty 7/6/2011 the fact that bb is so communicative with its client base is absolutely why it's such a successful biz. a lot of folks don't sustain this once their biz reaches a certain critical mass. as someone who has both run an online biz and consulted for many many others... i can say confidently that bb is a rarity. hat tip to you and the team :) karri 7/1/2011 i just wanted to say thank you. it took me forever to decide what to order and wow! i now have a new favorite supplier due to wonderful packaging and beautiful, high quality products. it was definitely worth the little bit of extra spending on my part to have a package that was such a pleasure to open. thank you, thank you! april 6/21/2011 thanks for the wonderful recipes and the beautiful pictures! i love how you share! i really mean it. mary 6/21/2011 hi! i just wanted to say that i received my order and am pleased with it (the soaps are awesome, as always) and to say thanks for the fragrance sample that was in the box too. thank you for providing such affordable, nice soaps :) jessica 6/17/2011 firstly, i want to say that i was so happy with my order.  you guys package your items so well - can really tell you care about your customers and products alike!  and the free sample was so appreciated.  love it!  thank you, thank you! rachel 6/9/2011 elizabeth! you are amazing!! thank you so much, this has been my first order with your company and i can tell you that i will only do business with you in the future. wonderful customer service! have a great day! jennifer 6/9/2011 i am just writing because i am so glad that i found your company! i use beeswax for making medium for encaustix art (painting with molten wax). i had been having trouble with my previous supplier, so finding a company that ships fast and seems to care about customer service is refreshing. i rweally like it that the waxcomesin five-pound bags because my "recipe" calls for ten pounds. this way i don't have to weigh it!  best wishes to you. fanne 6/1/2011 thanks for providing such great products to us. i just got an order for 2 loaves of [my soap made with] white magnolia so [my customer] can put a bar in each room of their house just to smell it. i love your eos and fos! mary 5/29/2011 just received my order. all i can say is "wonderful". the sample fragrance oils smell absolutely wonderful. i smelled each individual one. i put them back in the shipping box temporarily and left the box open. each time i enter the room where the box is, i can immediately smell the beautiful fragrance. i have not opened the sample soaps yet, but i feel certain i will not be disappointed. getting ready to order the lotions. trying to start a small business. denise 5/19/2011 just want  to say thank you for my order, everything was just wonderful and beautifuly packaged. carol 5/19/2011 i love this site. it has given me everything for my dream to come true! i just had my second saturday selling at the local farmer's market and i love the fact that people love my product. i couldn't have made it happen without bramble berry. thank you! emily 5/16/2011 i received my order last wednesday and was so pleased with the wonderful fragrance oils. beautiful scents! i have yet to order something i did not like from bramble berry, a very big thank you!!! elizabeth 5/16/2011 i just wanted to let you know that i received my package in the mail yesterday. i'm absolutely delighted! everything was packaged very professionally and securely. i can't wait to begin making soaps and lip balms!  thank you for the shipment and also for the free gift :) michelle 5/16/2011 i love bramble berry, and have been using you for years. this time i am making my wedding favors! thank you so much. katherine 5/12/2011 thank you so much! i love that i got my order yesterday! so quick!!!! you guys are amazing! i appreciate the easy accessibility to fun soap making products! jennifer 5/12/2011 i received my 7 fragrance oils and crinkle cutter from you today. they are such amazing quality. i am able to tell how much time and care went into bottling, packing, labeling etc. i am a semi new cp soaper & ordered 3 fragrance oils from another company to compare. i was embarrassed for them, and don't even know who they are. i will 110% be returning for many more items very soon. thanks so so much for the quality of the items, and the super sample. i love samples i actually will use and especially your generous size fragrance oil. thank you!!! tara 5/9/2011 just wanted to say that i just received my first order from you and i absolutely love everything. it was all there, right when you said it would be. also, i'm usually hesitant about ordering fragrances online without smelling them first, but your descriptions were wonderful and led me to some scents that i really love. and thanks for the sample (i love it and wish i'd bought it too, lol). thanks so much, you guys are great and congrats to anne marie :) audrea 4/30/2011 i received my brambleberry package today - i am absolutely blown away! firstly with the absolutely yummy scents that i can't wait to start using and secondly the speed with which this parcel made it to me - all the way to new zealand. 2 days..... you rock!!!! i'll see you again real soon - you have a hardcore fan here in nz, no doubts. susanne 4/28/2011 got first shipment, love your high quality products and plan on letting others know how easy it is to shop on your site. you guys rock! melody 4/28/2011 hi - i just wanted to say that my order arrived safely today (that was so quick i didn't expect it for a few more days) and i am so happy with my order. all the scents i got are fantastic, we can't get anything like this in new zealand. my favourite has to be clementine cupcake. i am glad i got a good sized bottle, as i know i will be using it a lot. well i'm off to make soap, thank you so much, these scents are truely amazing. julie 4/26/2011 i want to let you know that i appreciate good customer service. i wish more people would understand how important it is and that truly "we pay for what we get". i sell a high end insurance product, but people want cheap and then complain when their car gets fixed crappy. so i get it, pass it on to your boss that it doesn't go unnoticed. i will continue to be a good customer. i feel like businesses that have ungrateful or "cheap" people as their buyers will lose by them because they bad mouth or go to the next place for a better deal. i guess i'm tired of "the customers always right". because they're not. so keep it up bramble berry. you gals/guys rock! kristen 4/22/2011 i have made quite a few purchases from brambleberry and the customer service is awesome. thanks very much for carrying the high sudsing liquid paste. i use it for cleaning my household and it works beautifully especially since i am an eczema sufferer and can no longer go near anything with fragrance. sharon 4/19/2011 i recently decided to open a bath and body products company. when i came across the bramble berry website, i just had to order. your website is wonderfully easy to browse through and i love the soap forums and youtube videos!i received my order today and am so pleased with the quick shipping and quality of products! it was great to get a little sample fragrance, what a surprise! it smelled wonderful! and the hand written thank you on the mailing receipt made me feel like you truly care. i'll be shopping here over and over again! thank you! caitlin 4/13/2011 dear anne marie:i want to thank you for giving me a new lease on life. a few months ago i was just surfing the internet looking for a hobby, because that's what us grandmothers are supposed to do, right? well, i came across some of your soap queen videos on youtube and thought, "hey, i could do that." so i ordered some supplies and made soap :-) i was hooked! i ordered more supplies and made more soap and bath fizzies and butters and now i have actually turned my new hobby into a part-time job aside from my full time job working in an ob/gyn office as an insurance specialist. i love what you've done and just wanted to say thank you so much.i've got so many orders from friends and friends of friends that when i get home, i go right to work on filling orders. i hope this keeps up and i can quit my "day" job and become and independent entrepreneur...lol (doesn't hurt to dream does it?)thanks again for all the joy you've brought to me. my husband is even excited about all the orders that i've had. he can't believe how so many women are interested in soap and bath products.  today in the elevator at work, i had a brainstorm of an idea and just wanted to pass it along. bath bomb easter eggs! so on my way home, i stopped and picked up a bag of plastic easter eggs and used them as my molds and they turned out perfect! my brain never seems to shut down now.  i dream about different soaps and bath bombs and ways of adding to my product line. thanks again! kim 4/13/2011 i just wanted to say that i love your site and your company! shopping from you is fun and easy, and i really appreciate all your hard work providing customers with great products and great service! amara 4/4/2011 received my order today. thank you. i wanted to share a client's comment when she bought 2 bars of lavender bouquet. she said it smells old fashioned. she's absolutely right--divinely old fashioned! i just love it. my youngest son wanted to try the beau brummel so i mailed him 2 bars. he said he feels like beau brummel after washing with it. his wife wanted to use it and he said--no, you can smell it on me. cracked me up because he's so picky about scents. this is his new favorite now. thank you again for providing such great fragrances. cheryl 4/1/2011 hi! i just received my order and simply had to contact you. first of all, even though you are in bellingham and i am in sequim, i still expected it would be a few days before i got my order. i got it today!  i was so shocked because most places one orders from are just not that prompt. secondly, your fragrances are just awesome! thank you so much for such a wonderful experience, and i will definitely be back! maryann 4/1/2011 thank you, bramble berry, for standing behind your products. we will continue to reccomend you and purchase from you! barbara 3/31/2011 thank you for your dedication to customer service. your staff treated me with patience & kindness.... my first love is cp however, i love your quality soap base containing organic vegtable oils...awesome! my customers love my garden soap using this base! thank you for your passion for providing such a high end soap base! there are alot of suppliers out there... your one of the best! dawn 3/29/2011 i just got my latest shipment from you all and i am so excited! everything is fantastic! i've been making m&p soap for a couple of years now, and thanks to your help, soon i'll be able to expand my product line to include lotions & conditioners. without all your help (thank goodness for your all-star customer service team!), supplies, and tutorials, i don't know that i could have done this. elaina 3/28/2011 thank you for your prompt shipment and great products! myra 3/23/2011 your staff is awesome, customer service a++++. cannot wait to play with my birch wood 18 bar soap mold. brooke 3/21/2011 thank you for the lovely customer service that bramble berry provides. i'm new to soap-making and am very pleased with my results thus far and the fun that i have and the excitement at making yet another batch of soap. i attribute this fun and success to the on-line tutelage provided by teachsoap and soapqueen and also the wonderful products from bramble berry. darla 3/18/2011 i'm 16 years old and i'm in the process of opening my own little makeup line. my mom and i used to make soaps together when i was younger and we always used your products to make our little creations. i just wanted to say thanks for all your cute little molds and everything. your supplies helped inspire me to do this :) katie 3/18/2011 you guys are the best!!!  thank you sooooooo much for the quick turnaround time! bramble berry is so awesome and i am a huge fan of anne-marie! jocelyn 3/16/2011 thanks to all. i love brambleberry products. you gotta be some awesome folks:) julie 3/15/2011 we have been successfully making and selling soap for the last nine years. a big part of our success is due to your great products and staff! in the last nine years i have tried fragrances from countless other suppliers. none of them, none, can compare to the fantastic quality of your products and your very honest prices. thanks for helping us grow! greg 3/11/2011 i just wanted to say thank you for the extra special care you provide. my order arrived safe & sound today because of the excellent packaging! charleen 3/11/2011 thank you very much. you have great customer service!!! will definitly continue to order my supplies from your company. karen 3/11/2011 just wanted to let you know that i love your fragrance oil, and my candles smell yummy thanks to you guys :) i am your #1 fan and (probably) your #1 customer. thank you so much for making such high quality products. you have a customer for life!!!! brianna 3/9/2011 i used my new wooden 18-bar mold this weekend and i love it!!!!!!!!!! so easy and nice and clean! marilyn 3/7/2011 i have been using bramble berry flavoring and essential oils to scent my lotions and sugar scrubs that i make for my company for about 3 years now. i just wanted to thank you for providing a product that i can always count on, that maintains it's integrity, that is wonderful in my products and on the skin. i just wanted to take a moment to thank you, as i would be lost without my bramble berry oils! piper 3/3/2011 you have some of the best items i have found, and can't wait to see what you will have next. thanks for the coupon, i'm waiting to see what your web special will be for this month, so i can send my order. thank you for your help and awesome items. deb 3/1/2011 i just wanted to thank you for your timely attention to my order! i am always pleased with products ordered and you had almost everything i needed. with many soaper supply companies to choose from, you guys stand out to me as top-notch! tracey 2/15/2011 i just wanted to thank you for the little samples that you include with each order. i made little m & p hearts for valentine's day and used one of the sample fragrances--rain cybilla. i love, love loved it! it's now on my list of favorite fragances and i will definitely be ordering it in the future. jennifer 2/12/2011 i was very pleased that the order was correct and complete...(sounds simple but hard for some companies to do)...everything was as expected or better...and i got a free sample! i was also delighted with the courteous and knowledgable manner in which i was dealt with by customer service. atta girls! a new customer, and a returning customer. bonnie, illinois 2/11/2011 i just wanted to say how awesome you guys are. your staff is so kind and willing to answer questions i have. i love the fast shipping (i am so not a patient person). the quality of your fragrance is amazing. thank you again for such a kind staff. carolyn 2/8/2011 i am absolutely enamoured with all of your new limited edition beer scents! love love love! great job, guys! lori 2/8/2011 after reading numerous glowing reviews online of your quality and service, i decided to place an order for supplies for my daughter's diy spa birthday party. the girls had a blast making m&p lip balm, soap, sugar scrub, bath salts, and body spray. i couldn't have done it without your high quality products. thank you for having an excellent selection, excellent products, excellent service, and excellent information to help me sound like an expert! jean 2/6/2011 i just want to take this oppportunity to thank all of you at bramble berry! you are the greatest. i am fairly new to soapmaking and always have questions. your website is totally amazing. there is always a link to find out anything i need to know. i love your tutorials, videos, swirling recipes and tips and of course, your products. i will only order from your company not only because you have excellent customer service but it is a small way to thank you for all you do for me for free!! thank you! chris, oregon chris 2/2/2011 my very first order has arrived all intact (packaging is amazing!). bramble berry rocks! thank you from canada! mary 1/21/2011 2011 2010 2009 2008 2007 2006 advanced search view your cart specials web specials limited editions gift certificates products bases: melt & pour bramble berry basesbulk melt & pour soap baseflat rate shipping bases bases: soap & body cold process soaprebatch basesliquid baseslotion baseslip & perfume bases books soaptoiletryothere-bookonline videosfree stuff candles colorantswaxcontainersfragrance oilswicks colorants labcolorssample packsmicaspigmentsglitterclaysliquid colorsnon-bleeding colorants essential oils originalorganicsynergy blends kits exfoliants seedsjojoba beadsnatural extracts fixed oils & waxes buttersfixed oilswaxes flavoring oils unsweetenedpre-sweetened fragrance oils alphabeticalbest sellerssample kitsfloralfruitytypescleanmasculinesweet herbs and botanicals holiday themes winter holidaysst. patrick's dayvalentine's day4th of julyhalloweeneastermother's daychristmas kits and samplers perfume kitssampler kitssoap kitstoiletry kits lotion supplies ingredientskitspre-made bases mineral makeup kitsingredientstools miscellaneous supplies soap ropesea saltingredientstoyslyetattoos molds new designs3dwood moldsby typestepping stonehearts & loveplants & animalsvariouskidsbudget molds packaging bagslip balmmetalreed diffusersbottleseverything else soap stamps acrylic soap stamps soaping hardware toolsscales soapylove basescolorantsfragranceskitsmoldsrefill sizes surplus items miscellaneousfragrances oils resources lye calculator for soap makers fragrance calculator soap queen blog store policies and shipping info customer testimonials otion soap bar - soap classes metric conversion chart soap making success stories social responsibility statement our customers are talking about us! "i just want to say how much i absolutely love brambleberry. anne-marie's videos are what first got me interested in trying my hand at soap making. what a pleasure it has been learning to make beautiful melt and pour soaps for myself and my family!"sharon g. vimeo twitter myspace flickr facebook youtube your soapingsuccess stories maak soap lab maak soap lab is from portland oregon, just around the corner from bellingham! (well technically 4 hours down the coast, but you get my drift). we first discovered maak when we [...] read the whole story copyright © 1999-2012 bramble berry® inc. all rights reserved. 2138 humboldt st., bellingham, wa 98225 (not open to public) phone: 360-734-8278 fax: 360-752-0992 e-mail: write to us here. website design by mindfly web design studio