来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20231228201727/https://www.brambleberry.com/customer-service-content/FAQs.html
================================================================================

frequently asked questions | brambleberry 3x points for sign ups and orders - join rewards now! menu bramble berry inc. search catalog search 0 shop by product ingredients additives and lye botanicals clays emollients exfoliants and powders extracts humectants liquids lye preservatives surfactants salts thickeners view all additives and lye bases bramble berry exclusive body care hair care liquid soap lotion melt and pour soap soap quick mix oils rebatch soap quick lotion mix view all bases butters butters colorants candle dyes color blocks glitter liquid crystal dyes micas natural pigments view all colorants essential oils essential oils fragrance oils flavor oils natural fragrance oils view all fragrance oils oils oils waxes waxes view all packaging bottles bottles boxes boxes jars candle containers lip containers view all jars templates templates wraps wraps view all kits bath bombs bath bombs body care body care candles candles hair care hair care kids kids skincare skincare soap making soap making teens teens view all tools and accessories accessories accessories books in print view all books bramble merch bramble merch containers containers safety supplies safety supplies scales scales tools tools utensils utensils wicks for candle making wicks for candle making view all samplers colorants colorants fragrances fragrances ingredients ingredients view all holiday and seasonal valentine's day valentine additives valentine colorants valentine essential oils valentine fragrances valentine kits valentine molds view all valentine's day fall and halloween fall additives fall butters and oils fall colorants fall essential oils fall fragrances fall kits fall molds view all fall and halloween winter celebrations winter additives winter colorants winter essential oils winter fragrance oils winter kits winter molds and packaging view all winter celebrations view all molds plastic plastic silicone silicone wood wood view all digital goods label templates label templates gift certificates gift certificates view all view all shop by craft soap making cold process additives and lye bases butters colorants essential oils fragrance oils kits molds oils tools and accessories view all cold process melt and pour additives bases colorants essential oils fragrance oils kits molds tools view all melt and pour rebatch additives bases colorants essential oils fragrance oils molds view all rebatch hot process additives bases butters colorants essential oils fragrance oils molds oils tools & accessories view all hot process liquid soap additives bases butters colorants essential oils fragrance oils oils tools & accessories view all liquid soap view all bath bombs additives additives butters butters colorants colorants essential oils essential oils fragrance oils fragrance oils kits kits molds molds oils oils view all body care lotion and butters additives bases butters colorants emulsifiers essential oils fragrance oils lotion making kits oils packaging tools and accessories view all lotion and butters soaks and scrubs additives bases butters colorants essential oils fragrance oils kits oils packaging tools and accessories view all soaks and scrubs view all cosmetics lip balm bases butters colorants flavor oils kits packaging tools and accessories view all lip balm makeup colorants packaging tools and accessories view all makeup nail polish colorants tools and accessories view all nail polish view all candles colorants colorants essential oils essential oils fragrance oils fragrance oils jars jars kits kits tools and accessories tools and accessories waxes waxes wicks wicks view all hair care additives additives bases bases butters butters essential oils essential oils fragrance oils fragrance oils kits kits oils oils packaging packaging tools and accessories tools and accessories view all skincare additives additives bases bases butters butters colorants colorants essential oils essential oils fragrance oils fragrance oils kits kits oils oils packaging packaging tools and accessories tools and accessories view all view all on sale winter sale overstock buy more and save ceramic containers ceramic containers color blocks color blocks essential oils essential oils fragrance oils fragrance oils kits kits silicone molds silicone molds quick mixes quick mixes view all view all new products featured candle containers candle containers bramble merch bramble merch mini kits mini kits winter escape collection winter escape collection hair care collection additives and more flora fusion fragrances packaging view all hair care collection view all by category packaging packaging bases bases colorants colorants fragrance oils fragrance oils view all past collections party kits party kits desert romance collection desert romance collection advanced skincare advanced skincare sweetheart fragrance collection sweetheart fragrance collection autumn cabin collection autumn cabin collection view all view all articles & projects projects bath bombs bath bombs body care lotion and butters soaks and scrubs view all body care candle and home candle and home cold process cold process cosmetics cosmetics hair care hair care holiday projects holiday gift ideas fall and halloween winter projects valentine's day view all holiday projects kid friendly kid friendly melt and pour melt and pour skincare skincare view all articles small business bramble berry gives back bramble berry updates creator spotlights maker of the month help and advice view all small business gifts and packaging gifts and packaging how-to bath and body candles hair care skincare soap view all how-to ingredient information additives bases colorants fragrance and essential oils kits oils and butters view all ingredient information new products new products tips and tricks bath and body soap view all tips and tricks view all view all valentine's inspiration corporate gifting rewards lye calculator fragrance calculator help call us (877-627-7883) contact us faqs welcome back login / register login register lye calculator fragrance calculator faqs contact us call us (877-627-7883) your browser's javascript functionality is turned off. please turn it on so that you can experience the full capabilities of this site. home frequently asked questions table of contents handcrafted rewards program orders shipping products account proposition 65 privacy policy handcrafted rewards program how many points do i get on an order? you earn one point per dollar, not including change. this only applies to the subtotal - discounts, taxes, and shipping costs aren’t included. how long do my points last? they expire after 12 months of inactivity. if you make a purchase after your points expire, you’ll be in the creator tier. why didn’t i get my birthday points? you must make a purchase of at least $1 to earn those points. additionally, if you sign up the same day as your birthday, you won’t get points until next year. why didn’t i get points when i used a gift certificate? points are given to the customer who bought the gift card, not the recipient. the recipient will get points if an additional payment is used on the order. for example, if the gift card only covered $25 of a $50 subtotal, the recipient will get 25 points. i forgot to sign in/create an account. can you add points to my order? points will not be added if you check out as a guest. make sure you're registered and signed in before placing an order. can i move my points to another account? points are non-transferable. we encourage customers to use one account for easy access to rewards and past orders. i have a free gift in my cart. why can’t i check out? gifts can only be sent with orders, so you need at least one paid item in your cart to redeem them. they also can't be sent with free shipping items like kits and digital goods. what happens after i redeem a free gift? points are removed from your account when the order status is marked complete. why was i charged shipping for my free item? shipping is based on the total weight of the package and the destination. if a reward item is being sent outside the lower 48 states, there may be additional shipping fees. which shipping options are eligible for the "free shipping on orders of $250+ for expert tier customers" promotion? if you're an expert tier customer and your order totals $250 or more, you can enjoy free shipping. however, this promotion specifically applies to ups ground shipping options with a max value of $50. please note that it does not cover usps postal, usps parcel, or international shipping. tax-exempt customers are ineligible for the handcrafted rewards program. wholesale and special orders don't earn points. please contact customer service with any questions or concerns. orders where can i find my order history? click the account button in the top right-hand corner, then click orders. where can i find my downloads? click the account button in the top right-hand corner, then click my downloads. this section has labels, e-books, and more. how do i cancel an order? we allow cancellations up to one hour after the order is placed. first, log into your bramble berry account. then, click my orders - you’ll see options to reorder or cancel. the cancel option is only available if it’s within the hour time limit. what payment methods do you accept? we accept visa, mastercard, american express, discover, and paypal. we don’t accept personal checks or money orders. if your card is declined, it’s likely an incorrect address or security code. we take our customers’ security very seriously, so we need the exact billing address and security codes for all of our credit card transactions. you can call us at 877-627-7883 to help with payment. we don’t recommend emailing credit card information. how do i track my order? once your package ships, we’ll email you with tracking information. do you ship internationally? we do ship internationally. please read our international shipping policies for more information. what happens if my order is damaged or missing? we can issue a refund or replace your missing, incorrect, or damaged items within 30 days of purchase. please check your order as soon as possible. if anything is missing or incorrect, call 877-627-7883 or email [email protected]. it helps if you have your order number and a list of the items. note: we can only reship to the address on the original order. due to difficulties clearing international replacement orders, we offer refunds for our international customers only. if your order is damaged, please take photos of the items, box, and labels and email it to us. if you choose a replacement, we’ll ship it to the original shipping address. if a package is sent to an incorrect address and returned to us, you are responsible for the cost to ship it again. are your products tax exempt? many states are now requiring taxes for online purchases. if you are tax exempt and have a valid state permit, please send that to [email protected] so that we can notate your account. how do i return items? eligible items must be unused and in saleable condition. that includes packaging, molds, books, stamps, toys, scales, tools, etc. because we guarantee the safety and purity of our material, we can’t accept returns on any consumables including sodium and potassium hydroxide, essential oils, fragrance oils, colorants, soap bases, herbs, fixed oils, waxes, liquids, powders, butters, kits, or e-books out of our direct control. if you want to return an item, please call us at 877-627-7883 or email us at [email protected] within 30 days for a resolution or a return merchandise authorization (rma). we cannot accept returns without prior authorization. all unsolicited products will not be refunded or returned. all refunds for the product price are applied to the original method of payment. original and return shipping costs, associated fees, duties, and taxes will not be refunded. we recommended insuring the return and getting the tracking information. please allow us 10 business days to process returns. shipping what shipping methods do you offer? orders are shipped monday through friday. major holidays like christmas and labor day are not included in transit times. we’re happy to ship via ups, ups express, fedex, or usps. usps normally takes 2-3 transit days, but may take up to 10. if your package goes missing, contact us at [email protected] or 877-627-7883. usps parcel select ground normally takes between 10-15 business days to deliver. if you are located in alaska or hawaii, delivery can take between 15-30 business days. if your package goes missing, please contact your local post office for assistance. ups 2-day air orders placed before noon pst will ship the same business day. orders placed after noon will ship the following business day. ups 2-day air doesn’t deliver on saturdays or sundays, so an order placed after noon on thursday will arrive tuesday. if you need guaranteed delivery, this is your best option. ups 3-day air orders placed before noon pst will ship the same business day. orders placed after noon will ship the following business day. ups 3-day air doesn’t deliver on saturdays or sundays, so an order placed after noon on thursday will arrive wednesday. if you need guaranteed delivery, this is your best option. ground shipping takes around 5 days to deliver in the us from our bellingham, wa fulfillment center. it can be usps, ups, or fedex at our discretion. ground doesn’t guarantee any specific delivery time and it can take up to 10 days. find a list of transit times below. certain areas of your state may be more easily accessible, so you’ll see it more than once. 1 business day: wa 2 business days: or, id, mt, nv, ca, wa 3 business days: id, ca, nv, ut, az, co, wy, nd, mt, sd, hi 4 business days: nd, sd, co, nm, tx, ok, ks, ne, mn, ia, mo, il, ak 5 business days: tx, la, ar, ms, al, ga, fl, sc, tn, il, ky, in, mi, oh, nc, va, wv, pa, ny, vt, me, nh, ma, ri, ct, nj, de, md tx, la, ar, ms, al, ga, fl, sc, tn, il, ky, in, mi, oh, nc, va, wv, pa, ny, vt, me, nh, ma, ri, ct, nj, de, md how long does it take for my order to ship? our processing time is usually 3 days, not including holidays and weekends. during the holiday season it can be up to 6 days. if you have a question about current times, email us at [email protected]. do you offer bulk or special orders? if you need a size larger than we offer on the website, email [email protected]. products how do i request product documents? please request all documents at the time of purchase by emailing [email protected]. we are a cosmetic warehouse, so none of our products are meant for internal use. lot numbers: we can provide these for any of our lab-tested products. certificate of analysis (coa): these are lab results for a specific batch of product. please ask for both the coa and lot number at the time of purchase. we can’t provide the correct documents without the lot number. sds: these are available on the product pages in the specifications tab. the document includes department of transportation (dot) standards, a hazardous material list, characteristics like specific gravity, and the california prop 65 warning if applicable. sds is only available on products that are considered hazardous at a 100% usage rate. most cosmetic products are used at a much lower percentage. ifra: this document has the standard usage rates for our fragrance oils. you can also use the fragrance calculator. we can’t provide ifra documents for essential oils. eu allergen: these are european standard or common allergen statements that list the known allergens in a fragrance oil formulation. it has the percentage concentrate of specific elements, but it doesn’t have a complete list of all the fragrance oil compounds. essential oils don’t have eu allergens. we can’t provide lot numbers, coa, ifra, or eu allergen reports for samples, sampler sets, trial sizes or kits. where can i ask questions about your products? on each product page, you’ll find a q&a section with helpful tips on how to use the product. feel free to ask or answer a question there. you can also email [email protected] for help. do you offer gift certificates? you can purchase gift certificates in set amounts ranging from $25 to $500. they’re sent right to your inbox. you can also access the gift certificates in your account by going to saved payments. account and website how do i view my cart? to view your items, click the cart icon in the top right-hand corner. i forgot my password. how do i update it? click my account in the top right-hand corner. click forgot password, enter the email address registered with bramble berry, then click send. check your inbox for a bramble berry email with a link to reset your password. where do i find my favorites? make sure you are logged into our your bramble berry account. once you find a product or project you love, click the heart icon. to access your favorites, click the heart in the top right-hand corner. from there, you can add the item to your cart or remove it. privacy policy find our privacy policy here. proposition 65 proposition 65 entitles california residents to specific warnings in regard to products that contain chemicals known to cause cancer, birth defects, or other reproductive harm. for more information on proposition 65, click here. the chemicals and their concentrations are listed in a downloadable report on the specifications tab of the product page. join our newsletter sign up sign up learn more explore bramble merch makers of the month handcrafted rewards program bramble berry gives back about us shop my account order history gift certificates twitter facebook youtube pinterest instagram resources projects and tutorials lye calculator fragrance calculator ingredient information support faqs privacy policy shipping contact us login shop my account order history gift certificates learn more about us handcrafted rewards program bramble merch bramble berry gives back resources projects and tutorials lye calculator fragrance calculator ingredient information support faqs privacy policy shipping contact us copyright © 1999-2023 bramble berry ® inc. all rights reserved. 2138 humboldt st. bellingham, washington 98225 | 877-627-7883