来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20241229171455/https://www.brambleberry.com/faqs.html
================================================================================

frequently asked questions get 10 for $20 trial size fragrances now! rewards calculators shop by sale seasonal projects & resources get started shop by shop by product shop by craft new products scents essential oils fragrance oils natural fragrance oils flavor oils colorants candle dyes color blocks eco-glitter micas natural pigments molds silicone plastic wood butters oils additives and lye botanicals clays emollients exfoliants and powders extracts humectants liquids lye preservatives salts surfactants thickeners bases bramble berry exclusive body care hair care liquid soap lotion melt and pour soap soap quick mix oils rebatch soap quick lotion mix kits bath bombs body care candles hair care skincare soap making beginner creator boxes mini kits party kits waxes packaging bottles boxes jars templates wraps tools and accessories accessories books bramble merch tools wicks soap making cold process additives bases butters colorants essential oils fragrance oils kits molds oils packaging tools and accessories melt and pour additives bases colorants essential oils fragrance oils kits molds tools and accesories rebatch additives bases colorants essential oils fragrance oils molds liquid soap additives bases butters colorants essential oils fragrance oils oils tools and accessories bath bombs additives butters colorants essential oils fragrance oils kits molds oils body care lotion and butters additives bases butters colorants emulsifiers essential oils fragrance oils kits oils packaging tools and accessories soaks and scrubs additives bases butters colorants essential oils fragrance oils kits oils packaging tools and accessories cosmetics lip balm bases butters colorants flavor oils kits packaging tools and accessories candles colorants essential oils fragrance oils jars kits tools and accessories waxes wicks hair care additives bases butters essential oils fragrance oils kits oils packaging tools and accessories skincare additives bases butters colorants essential oils fragrance oils kits oils packaging tools and accessories dark academia collection vibrant mica collection prism collection bella vita collection candle containers shop by shop by product shop by craft new products sale seasonal projects & resources get started rewards calculators shop by product scents essential oils fragrance oils natural fragrance oils flavor oils colorants candle dyes color blocks eco-glitter micas natural pigments molds silicone plastic wood butters oils additives and lye botanicals clays emollients exfoliants and powders extracts humectants liquids lye preservatives salts surfactants thickeners bases bramble berry exclusive body care hair care liquid soap lotion melt and pour soap soap quick mix oils rebatch soap quick lotion mix kits bath bombs body care candles hair care skincare soap making beginner creator boxes mini kits party kits waxes packaging bottles boxes jars templates wraps tools and accessories accessories books bramble merch tools wicks shop by craft soap making cold process additives bases butters colorants essential oils fragrance oils kits molds oils packaging tools and accessories melt and pour additives bases colorants essential oils fragrance oils kits molds tools and accesories rebatch additives bases colorants essential oils fragrance oils molds liquid soap additives bases butters colorants essential oils fragrance oils oils tools and accessories bath bombs additives butters colorants essential oils fragrance oils kits molds oils body care lotion and butters additives bases butters colorants emulsifiers essential oils fragrance oils kits oils packaging tools and accessories soaks and scrubs additives bases butters colorants essential oils fragrance oils kits oils packaging tools and accessories cosmetics lip balm bases butters colorants flavor oils kits packaging tools and accessories candles colorants essential oils fragrance oils jars kits tools and accessories waxes wicks hair care additives bases butters essential oils fragrance oils kits oils packaging tools and accessories skincare additives bases butters colorants essential oils fragrance oils kits oils packaging tools and accessories new products dark academia collection vibrant mica collection prism collection bella vita collection candle containers get started new maker quiz videos kits beginner guides projects & resources projects soap making candle and home bath bombs hair care body care skincare cosmetics seasonal resources articles lye calculator fragrance calculator templates & downloadables gift certificates cocoa cashmerebody butter frosted fir cold process soap clear sign in sign in to save your points and enjoy the great benefits from our reward programs. early access to new products earn points on every purchase get exclusive offers sign in email address password sign in and checkout forgot your password? guest checkout you'll be able to create an optional account find your first project: take the new maker quiz fragrance of the month: pear prosecco vote now! shape our next fragrance sale frequently asked questions table of contents orders shipping products account and website privacy policy rewards program prop 65 orders where can i find my order history? sign in to your brambleberry.com account or create a new account by clicking on the “sign in” button on the upper right-hand corner of the website: select “order history” on the left-hand side to see all in progress and past orders on your account what payment methods do you accept? we accept visa, mastercard, american express, discover, apple pay, google pay, and paypal. we don't accept personal checks or money orders. if your card is down, it's likely an incorrect address or security code. we take our customers' security very seriously, so we need the exact billing address and security codes for all our credit card transactions. you can call us at 877-627-7883 to help with payment. we don't recommend emailing credit card information. how do i track my order? once your package ships, we'll email you with tracking information. do you ship internationally? we do ship internationally. please read our international shipping policies for more information. what happens if my order is damaged or missing? we can issue a refund or replace your missing, incorrect, or damaged items within 30 days of purchase. please check your order as soon as possible. if anything is missing or incorrect, call 877-627-7883 or email [email protected]. it helps if you have your order number and a list of the items. note: we can only reship to the address on the original order. due to difficulties clearing international replacement orders, we offer refunds for our international customers only. if your order is damaged, please take photos of the items, box, and labels and email it to us. if you choose a replacement, we'll ship it to the original shipping address. if a package is sent to an incorrect address and returned to us, you are responsible for the cost to ship it again. are your products tax exempt? many states are now requiring taxes for online purchases. if you are tax exempt and have a valid state permit, please send that to [email protected] so that we can notate your account how do i return items? eligible items must be unused and in salable condition. that includes packaging, molds, books, stamps, toys, scales, tools, etc. because we guarantee the safety and purity of our material, we can't accept returns on any consumables including sodium and potassium hydroxide, essential oils, fragrance oils, colorants, soap bases, herbs, fixed oils, waxes, liquids, powders, butters, kits, or e-books out of our direct control. for more information, please see our returns and exchanges policy. if you want to return an item, please call us at 877-627-7883 or email us at [email protected] within 30 days for a resolution or a return merchandise authorization (rma) we cannot accept returns without prior authorization. all unsolicited products will not be refunded or returned. all refunds for the product price are applied to the original method of payment. original and return shipping costs, associated fees, duties, and taxes will not be refunded. we recommended insuring the return and getting the tracking information. please allow us 10 business days to process returns. shipping where can i find my order history? click the account button in the top right-hand corner, then click orders. where can i find my downloads? click the account button in the top right-hand corner, then click my downloads. this section has labels, e-books, and more. what payment methods do you accept? we accept visa, mastercard, american express, discover, and paypal. we don't accept personal checks or money orders. if your card is declined, it's likely an incorrect address or security code. we take our customers' security very seriously, so we need the exact billing address and security codes for all of our credit card transactions. you can call us at 877-627-7883 to help with payment. we don't recommend emailing credit card information. how do i track my order? once your package ships, we'll email you with tracking information. do you ship internationally? we do ship internationally. please read our  international shipping policies for more information. what happens if my order is damaged or missing? we can issue a refund or replace your missing, incorrect, or damaged items within 30 days of purchase. please check your order as soon as possible. if anything is missing or incorrect, email [email protected]. it helps if you have your order number and a list of the items. note: we can only reship to the address on the original order. due to difficulties clearing international replacement orders, we offer refunds for our international customers only. if your order is damaged, please take photos of the items, box, and labels and email it to us. if you choose a replacement, we'll ship it to the original shipping address. if a package is sent to an incorrect address and returned to us, you are responsible for the cost to ship it again. are your products tax exempt? many states are now requiring taxes for online purchases. if you are tax exempt and have a valid state permit, please send that to [email protected] so that we can notate your account. how do i return items? eligible items must be unused and in salable condition. that includes packaging, molds, books, stamps, toys, scales, tools, etc. because we guarantee the safety and purity of our material, we can't accept returns on any consumables including sodium and potassium hydroxide, essential oils, fragrance oils, colorants, soap bases, herbs, fixed oils, waxes, liquids, powders, butters, kits, or e-books out of our direct control. if you want to return an item, please email us at [email protected] within 30 days for a resolution or a return merchandise authorization (rma). we cannot accept returns without prior authorization. all unsolicited products will not be refunded or returned. all refunds for the product price are applied to the original method of payment. original and return shipping costs, associated fees, duties, and taxes will not be refunded. we recommended insuring the return and getting the tracking information. please allow us 10 business days to process returns. shipping what shipping methods do you offer? orders are shipped monday through friday. major holidays like christmas and labor day are not included in transit times. we're happy to ship via ups or usps. usps  normally takes 2-3 transit days, but may take up to 10. if your package goes missing, contact us at [email protected] or 877-627-7883. usps parcel select ground normally takes between 10-15 business days to deliver. if you are located in alaska or hawaii, delivery can take between 15-30 business days. if your package goes missing, please contact your local post office for assistance. ups 2-day air  orders placed before noon pst will ship the same business day. orders placed after noon will ship the following business day. ups 2-day air doesn't deliver on saturdays or sundays, so an order placed after noon on thursday will arrive tuesday. if you need guaranteed delivery, this is your best option. ups 3-day air  orders placed before noon pst will ship the same business day. orders placed after noon will ship the following business day. ups 3-day air doesn't deliver on saturdays or sundays, so an order placed after noon on thursday will arrive wednesday. if you need guaranteed delivery, this is your best option. ground shipping  takes around 5 days to deliver in the us from our bellingham, wa fulfillment center. it can be usps, ups, or fedex at our discretion. ground doesn't guarantee any specific delivery time and it can take up to 10 days. find a list of transit times below. certain areas of your state may be more easily accessible, so you'll see it more than once. 1 business day: wa 2 business days: or, id, mt, nv, ca, wa 3 business days: id, ca, nv, ut, az, co, wy, nd, mt, sd, hi 4 business days: nd, sd, co, nm, tx, ok, ks, ne, mn, ia, mo, il, ak 5 business days: tx, la, ar, ms, al, ga, fl, sc, tn, il, ky, in, mi, oh, nc, va, wv, pa, ny, vt, me, nh, ma, ri, ct, nj, de, md tx, la, ar, ms, al, ga, fl, sc, tn, il, ky, in, mi, oh, nc, va, wv, pa, ny, vt, me, nh, ma, ri, ct, nj, de, md how long does it take for my order to ship? our processing time is usually 3 days, not including holidays and weekends. during the holiday season it can be up to 6 days. if you have a question about current times, email us at [email protected] . do you offer bulk or special orders? if you need a larger size than we offer on the website, email special [email protected]. products how do i request product documents? please request all documents at the time of purchase by emailing [email protected] . we are a cosmetic warehouse, so none of our products are meant for internal use. lot numbers: we can provide these for any of our lab-tested products. certificate of analysis (coa): these are lab results for a specific batch of product. please ask for both the coa and lot number at the time of purchase. we can't provide the correct documents without the lot number. sds: these are available on the product pages in the specifications tab. the document includes department of transportation (dot) standards, a hazardous material list, characteristics like specific gravity, and the california prop 65 warning if applicable. sds is only available on products that are considered hazardous at a 100% usage rate. most cosmetic products are used at a much lower percentage. ifra: this document has the standard usage rates for our fragrance oils. you can also use the fragrance calculator . we can't provide ifra documents for essential oils. eu allergen: these are european standard or common allergen statements that list the known allergens in a fragrance oil formulation. it has the percentage concentration of specific elements, but it does not have a complete list of all the fragrance oil compounds. essential oils do not have eu allergens. we can't provide lot numbers, coa, ifra, or eu allergen reports for samples, sampler sets, trial sizes or kits. where can i ask questions about your products? on each product page, you'll find a q&a section with helpful tips on how to use the product. feel free to ask or answer a question there. you can also chat with us on our website or email [email protected] for help. do you offer gift certificates? you can purchase gift certificates in set amounts ranging from $25 to $250. they're sent right to your inbox. you can also access the gift certificates in your account by going to 'payments and gift cards'. account and website how do i view my cart? to view your items, click the cart icon in the top right-hand corner. i forgot my password. how do i update it? click “sign in” in the top right-hand corner. click forgot password, enter the email address registered with bramble berry, then click send. check your inbox for a bramble berry email with a link to reset your password. where do i find my favorites? make sure you are logged into our bramble berry account. once you find a product or project you love, click the heart icon. to access your favorites, click 'favorites' from the account menu. from there, you can add items to your cart, organize them into lists, or remove them. privacy policy find our privacy policy here. rewards program how do i join the bramble berry rewards program? joining is easy and free! simply sign up for a bramble berry account and start earning points with your first purchase. how do i earn points? you earn 1 point for every $1 spent on bramble berry products. points can be redeemed for rewards such as our fragrance of the month (50 points) or $15 off your next purchase (200 points). additional ways to earn points: pre-determined triple points days: one per quarter. social media bonus points: earn 10 points for each follow. what are the tier levels and their benefits? our program has three tiers: creators ($0-$499): $$ off future orders, 4 triple points days/year, birthday gift, social media engagement, and referrals artisans ($500-$999): all creator benefits + free ground shipping on orders over $150*. experts ($1000+): all creator benefits + free ground shipping on all orders (no minimum)** how do i redeem my points? you can redeem your points at checkout. simply select your reward from the available options, such as a trial-size fragrance oil or $15 off your order. are there any special promotions for members? yes! we offer triple points days four times per year and bonus points for social media likes, and referrals. we also offer a $10 birthday coupon and early access to new products. can tax-exempt customers participate in the rewards program? yes, the rewards program is open to tax-exempt customers. how many redemption discounts can i get per order? you can apply one redemption discount and one redeemable product per order. how can i find my reward points? sign in to your brambleberry.com account or create a new account by clicking on the “sign in” button on the upper right-hand corner of the website. you can then see your point balance in the 'my account' menu or on the rewards page. how long will my points last? your points will expire after 12 months of inactivity. your tier status will reset, and you will be placed back into the creator tier can i move my points to another account? points are non-transferable. we encourage customers to use one account to access rewards and past orders easily why didn’t i get points when i used a gift certificate? points are given to the customer who bought the gift card, not the recipient. the recipient will get points if an additional payment is used on the order. for example, if the gift card only covered $25 of a $50 subtotal, the recipient will get 25 points. i have a redeemable product in my cart. why can’t i check out? gifts can only be sent with orders, so you need at least one paid item in your cart to redeem them. they also can't be sent with free shipping items like digital goods. my order fully qualifies for the shipping discount; why is there still a shipping cost? the shipping discount applies to ground shipping only. expedited and international shipping options are not eligible. additionally, if the shipping amount exceeds the maximum discount for your tier, you may have a shipping cost remaining. *the maximum shipping discount for artisan rewards members is $15. **the maximum for expert rewards members is $25. why was i charged shipping for my free item? shipping is based on the total weight of the package and the destination. if a reward item is being sent outside the lower 48 states, there may be additional shipping fees. are international orders eligible for the artisan and expert free shipping reward benefit? at present, the free shipping benefit for artisan and expert reward members can not be applied to international shipping options. proposition 65 proposition 65  entitles california residents to specific warnings in regard to products that contain chemicals known to cause cancer, birth defects, or other reproductive harm. for more information on proposition 65, click here . the chemicals and their concentrations are listed in a downloadable report on the specifications tab of the product page. account sign in sign in to save your points and enjoy the great benefits from our reward programs. early access to new products earn points on every purchase get exclusive offers email password login forgot your password? don’t have an account? create account forgot your password × provide your account email address to receive an email to reset your password. email send join our community get 20% off your first order!* sign up support shipping returns & exchanges faq contact us resources lye calculator fragrance calculator beginner guides about about us social causes rewards program corporate gifting customer support live chat [email protected] 1-877-627-7883 trustpilot copyright © 2024 bramble berry ® privacy policy × ×