来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20201229212737/https://www.39dollarglasses.com/how-to-buy-prescription-glasses-online
================================================================================

how to buy prescription glasses online | 39dollarglasses.com loading opens in a new window get $15 off every pair of glassesuse code: fsa15 toggle navigation search eyeglasses women men kids show all re-lens your frame shop women's eyeglasses view our stylish collection of women’s designs shop now shop men's eyeglasses see all our men’s metal and plastic frames shop now shop kid's eyeglasses check out our durable and adorable children’s frames shop now shop all eyeglasses check out all our sturdy and stylish frames shop now shop for new lenses send in your frame and we’ll replace your lenses shop now sunglasses women men kids show all re-lens your frame shop women's sunglasses look good and protect your eyes with our sunnies shop now shop men's sunglasses protect your eyes with our stylish sunglasses shop now shop kid's sunglasses cute and sturdy styles for some fun in the sun shop now shop all sunglasses look good while protecting your eyes shop now shop for new lenses send in your frame and we’ll replace your lenses shop now new arrivals women men show all shop women's new arrivals update your look with this year’s latest styles shop now shop men's new arrivals update your look with this year’s latest styles shop now shop all new arrivals update your look with this year’s latest styles shop now lens packages ultimateview™ single vision varilux® progressives ultimateview™ progressive (no-line) crizal® prevencia® ultimateview™ lined bifocals transitions® lenses ultimateview™ anti-glare ultimateview™ polarized blue495™ blue light-blocker ultimateview™ single vision ultimateview™ progressive (no-line) ultimateview™ lined bifocals ultimateview™ anti-glare blue495™ blue light-blocker varilux® progressives crizal® prevencia® transitions® lenses ultimateview™ polarized ultimateview™ single-vision shop frames for your new lenses ultimateview™ progressives (no-line) premium quality progressives at a great price ultimateview™ lined bifocals choose ft-28 lined bifocals ultimateview™ anti-glare reduce glare significantly in your every day life ultimateview™ with blue495 block harmful blue light varilux® progressives shop the most trusted name in progressives crizal® prevencia® shop top quality anti-glare coating transitions® lenses go from clear lenses to sun lenses in seconds ultimateview™ polarized sunglasses reduce glare with polarized sunglasses contact lenses accessibility 1-800-672-6304 hours of operation:mon-fri 9:00am - 5:00pm (est) how to buy prescription glasses online buying prescription glasses online is easy. with a script from your eye doctor, have fashionable lenses and quality frames shipped directly to your door. learn more how to buy prescription glasses online buying prescription glasses online is easy. with a script from your eye doctor, have fashionable lenses and quality frames shipped directly to your door. learn more who is the best online glasses retailer? wondering where to buy your new pair of prescription glasses online? find a digital retailer that makes shopping for eyewear: easy skip the crowded eyewear store at the mall. leave behind the hassle of having to return to pick up your frames after they are made. simply shop for frames you love from the comfort of your own home, and have your glasses conveniently delivered to you. affordable skip the crowded eyewear store at the mall. leave behind the hassle of having to return to pick up your frames after they are made. simply shop for frames you love from the comfort of your own home, and have your glasses conveniently delivered to you. premium quality shop with an online retailer who offers premium lenses. lenses of high quality should have scratch-resistant coating and uv-blocking treatment. upgrading to anti-glare (also known as anti-reflective) or photochromic lenses may cost extra, but protect eyes from damaging light. responsibly manufactured look beyond name brands, and search for trendy and classic frames. online retailers offer an endless selection of style in a variety of shapes, sizes and colors. choose your look, or perhaps a few, and prepare for the compliments to pour in! fashionable look beyond name brands, and search for trendy and classic frames. online retailers offer an endless selection of style in a variety of shapes, sizes and colors. choose your look, or perhaps a few, and prepare for the compliments to pour in! how to find frames that fit your face when shopping online once you've found a store, it's time to pick out frames. before you browse the thousands of frames online, find which styles will look best by measuring your face shape. you can use a digital try-on tool, or measure your face manually. find instructions for both below. how to measure your face shape online many people are concerned about ordering online because they cannot try the glasses on first. even with manual face measurements and style guidelines, they want to see how the frames fit their unique features. this is a valid concern. that’s why some top retailers created a great way to make ordering glasses online less stressful. online try-on tools are the best way for you to decide on glasses. they show exactly how the glasses will look on your face, taking into account shape, material, and measurements. with this tool, you can rest assured that you’ve made the right selection. want further reassurance? look for retailers who also offer printable, “actual-size” images their frames. this means that you can literally print out a photo of the glasses, cut them out, hold them to your face, and see how they look. how to measure your face shape manually measure and record the length your forehead, cheekbones, jawline, and face length (in inches or centimeters). 1 start with your face length. record the distance from the center of your hairline to the tip of your chin. 2 move to your forehead. then record the length of your forehead, measuring from the peak of one eyebrow arch to the peak of the opposite arch. 3 next your measure cheekbones. start and end at the sharp bump below the outer corner of each eye to record the length of your cheekbones. 4 finish at your jawline. measure your jawline from the tip of your chin to the point below your ear where your jaw angles upward. multiply that number by two. use the recorded measurements above to determine your face shape oblong face length is largest. forehead, cheekbones, and jawline are similar in size. square all measurements are fairly similar. the angle of the jaw is sharp. triangular large jawline, smaller cheekbones, and smallest forehead. face can be any length. round cheekbones and face length have a similar measurement. they are larger than forehead and jawline, which also have a similar measurement. the angle of the jaw is soft. diamond face length is largest. then, in descending order: cheekbones, forehead, and smallest is jawline. the chin is pointed. heart heart-shaped faces are commonly classified as follows: your face has a narrow jaw with wide cheekbones and/or forehead. oval face length is larger than the width of the cheekbones, and forehead is larger than the jawline. the angle of the jaw is rounded. how to choose frames based on your face shape oblong face shape look for frames with decorative or contrasting temples that add width to help the face appear shorter and more balanced. choosing frames that have more depth than width and a low bridge will also help shorten the nose. diamond face shape soften high and dramatic cheekbones and highlight the eyes with frames that have detailed or distinctive brow lines. other options include rimless frames and oval or cat-eye shapes. square face shape lengthen the face and soften sharp angles with narrow frame styles. look for glasses that have more width than depth, like narrow ovals. triangular face shape balance the top and bottom of the face with light, airy, minimal glasses. look for frames that are wider at the bottom, light in color. consider trying a rimless style. round face shape a round face has curved lines with the width and length in the same proportions and no angles. to make a round face appear thinner and longer, try angular narrow eyeglass frames to lengthen the face, a clear bridge that widens the eyes, and frames that are wider than they are deep, such as a rectangular shape. heart face shape broaden the chin and minimize the width of the face with frames that are wider than your forehead. choose cat-eye or clubmaster glasses with prominent end points for the most flattering look. oval face shape an oval face is considered to be the ideal shape because of its balanced proportions. to keep the oval's natural balance, look for eyeglass frames that are as wide as (or wider than) the broadest part of the face, or walnut-shaped frames that are not too deep or too narrow. what type of frames are offered online? plastic plastic frames are currently the most popular, and often can be found in the most fashion forward and trendy styles. these frames are extremely durable and lightweight, and some wearers prefer the single bridge frames. metal metal frames remain the most classic choice among those shopping for glasses online. metal frames are more delicate than other materials, but can easily be reshaped and adjusted. some wearers find these frames more comfortable as they are lighter, and nose pads are easy to adjust. metal metal frames remain the most classic choice among those shopping for glasses online. metal frames are more delicate than other materials, but can easily be reshaped and adjusted. some wearers find these frames more comfortable as they are lighter, and nose pads are easy to adjust. flexible frames bendable titanium and "memory metal" frames are the most durable on the market. when twisted or bent, these glasses will spring back into their original shape. the industrial-strength frames are also practically weightless. for more trendy styles, look for flexible plastic frames that flex a good amount but not nearly as much. these materials are recommended for active, outdoorsy individuals and children. rimless & semi-rimless rimless and semi-rimless frames have a minimalist style designed to complement the face. hidden screws and limited hardware do not interrupt natural shape and features. these glasses are delicate, and should be handled carefully as the lenses are less protected. rimless & semi-rimless rimless and semi-rimless frames have a minimalist style designed to complement the face. hidden screws and limited hardware do not interrupt natural shape and features. these glasses are delicate, and should be handled carefully as the lenses are less protected. how to find your frame size how do you know if the glasses you order will fit? there are two main ways to ensure your new pair will fit perfectly and look great. if you already have a pair of glasses, you can simply order a pair the same size. if you don't currently have a pair of glasses, you use one of the many digital try-on tools to find your size. if you currently have glasses it's easy to find your frame size on the inside of the arm or nosebridge of your current glasses. there can be quite a few markings inside eyewear frames. to find the numbers relevant for size, look for two two-digit numbers and one three-digit number. note the lens width and bridge width printed on glasses are usually grouped together, and typically are separated by a square or a hyphen. see the image below. if you've never owned glasses before many websites have digital try-on technology. try uploading a headshot to digitally test out different frame shapes and colors. you can also print "actual-size" glasses at home and test them in the mirror. lens width (eye size): number in the 40-62 millimeter range bridge width (bridge size): number in the 14-24 millimeter range temple length (arm length): number in the 115-150 millimeter range how to choose lenses when shopping online for glasses the right lenses make a world of difference, preventing unnecessary eye strain and promoting healthy eyes. before finalizing your eyewear purchase, research the various lens types, materials, and coatings to know which combination is best for your eyes. vision correction lenses single vision rx lenses single vision rx lenses correct nearsightedness or farsightedness. doctors typically prescribe either a full-time wear distance rx or a reading-only rx. single vision lenses can be ordered as clear, tinted sunglasses, or photochromic lenses (clear inside and dark outside). part-time wear sunglasses can be made with prescription tinted or polarized sun lenses. regular bifocals ("flat-top 28") bifocals correct both nearsightedness and farsightedness in a single pair. "flat-top 28" refers to regular bifocal lenses where the distance and reading portions are separated with a 28 mm line rather than one going from edge-to-edge. full time wear lenses are clear, but wearers have the option to have part time tinted or polarized sun lenses. progressives ("no-line bifocals") progressive lenses also correct both nearsightedness and farsightedness in a single pair, but provide a graduated range of vision from distance to near, without a line. they are sometimes referred to as "no-line bifocals," "no-line trifocals," or "vari-focals." full time wear lenses are often clear. wearers also have the option of getting progressives as transitions® lenses that are clear inside and get dark outside, as well as tinted or polarized full time sun lenses. lens materials there are three different materials that you can have your prescription lenses made from: plastic often the most economical choice. available for people with light prescriptions up to +/-1.75. polycarbonate shatter-resistant and recommended for children and active, outdoorsy individuals. available for prescriptions up to +/- 4.00. (the best retailers offer polycarbonate lenses standard.) high index 1.67 approximately 30% percent thinner than plastic lenses, depending on rx strength. recommended for people with the highest prescriptions over +/- 4.00. there are three different materials that you can have your prescription lenses made from: plastic often the most economical choice. available for people with light prescriptions up to +/-1.75. polycarbonate shatter-resistant and recommended for children and active, outdoorsy individuals. available for prescriptions up to +/- 4.00. (the best retailers offer polycarbonate lenses standard.) high index 1.67 approximately 30% percent thinner than plastic lenses, depending on rx strength. recommended for people with the highest prescriptions over +/- 4.00. lens materials lens coatings lens coatings protect the wearer's eyes from damaging light, and sometimes protect the lenses themselves too. premium anti-glare coating this treatment, also known as anti-reflective, is ideal for computer use and night driving. anti-reflective coating works by increasing the light transmission through the lenses, providing you with the clearest, sharpest vision at all times. anti-reflective coating also allows other people to see your eyes through the lenses, not the light reflection. blue light blocking anti-glare coating in addition to all the benefits mentioned above, these blue light blocking lenses protect your eyes from the harmful blue light emitted by digital devices such as computers, tablets, and smartphones. the anti-glare coating reduces glare, eyestrain, and even gives your lenses a more polished look. uv coating choose lenses lined with 100% uv protection on both sides to prevent light damage that can cause cataracts and lead to macular degeneration. uv coating also protects eyelids and the area of sensitive skin around your eyes from too much sun exposure, which can lead to skin cancer. (for further protection, always wear sunglasses when outdoors.) all you need to order rx glasses online is your prescription once you've selected your perfect frames, all you need to order your new glasses is a prescription from your doctor and a pd measurement. need an updated prescription? most eye care experts recommend scheduling an eye exam every one to two years. find a doctor near you. have a prescription already? start shopping our calling hours are: monday - friday 9:00am - 5:00pm (est) call us directly at: 1-631-816-2200 toll free within the us 1-800-672-6304 help sign in about your prescription about your pd accupd™ mobile pd tool about our frames how to buy prescription glasses online order tracking shipping options free returns worry free warranty vision insurance products blue495™ blue light blocker computer eyeglasses driving eyeglasses narrow eyeglasses round eyeglasses teen eyeglasses toddler eyeglasses lens price list 39dollarglasses about us create an account contact us help center blog resources affiliate program customer rewards social responsibility military discount © 2000-2020 39dollarglasses.com all rights reserved. accessibility adjustments accessibility statement privacy policy cookie policy site map x warranty type will be determined by the date of contact. all refunds/credits will be issued on date of receipt. returned items must be in original condition in the hard case you received from us. however you may keep any accessories as our free gift. what's your return policy? at 39dollarglasses.com, we offer a 100% worry-free guarantee! our objective is simple: to make sure every customer has a wonderful experience purchasing from us. if you are unhappy for any reason, you may return your eyeglasses for a one-time exchange at no cost or a full store credit for up to 90 days after delivery! we even provide free return shipping! alternatively, you may request a full refund* on your original order if you contact us within 30 days after delivery; shipping charges are non-refundable. (*there are limitations regarding multifocal lenses (progressives and bifocals) and contact lenses. see below for details. here's what you need to know: contact us by phone, live chat or email within 90 days of when your order was delivered. we will happily provide you a return merchandise authorization (rma) number along with a prepaid postage return label (domestic first-class u.s. mail only). your warranty coverage is based off of the date you contact us, and the lens type you ordered (see below for limitations). we cannot process or honor returns without an rma number for a full refund to your original payment method, you must contact us to request an rma within 30 days of the original delivery date. refunds can only be issued after we have received the original merchandise back, and will be issued in line with your warranty coverage and minus any discounts given on the original order. after the original order is remade, subsequent remakes will be assessed a 50% remake fee. refunds requested after a remake is performed will be assessed at 50% of the original order price, or you may request a 50% refund in store credit. remake fees are non-refundable. returned items must be in original condition and in the hard case you received from us. however you may keep any accessories as our free gift. if returning one pair from a buy one get one promotion, the discounted pair is eligible for a full refund or credit. if returning only the full price item we will deduct the amount discounted when issuing a refund or credit.once used, eyebucks are non-refundable. after the initial 30 day period, on any order, your order is refundable in store credit only. on “re-lens” orders using a rimless frame, the custom drilling and mounting fees cannot be refunded. *excluded lenses: multifocal lenses: bifocal and progressive lens orders may be exchanged or remade one time at no cost within the first 90 days after delivery. any changes to an order prior to shipping will count as the allowed free exchange or remake. if a full refund is requested, you have the option of applying it to either your original credit card or your in-store eyebucks account, less a 30% restocking fee. contact lenses: these items may be returned within 60 days of purchase provided they are unopened, undamaged, have not been written on and are in original condition. such returns will receive credit in full. sorry, our manufacturers will not allow us to return opened or otherwise damaged boxes or vials (as described above), so we do not accept them and cannot guarantee their safe return if sent to us in this condition. effective date: 1/23/17 sign in e-mail address for signing in password remember me sign in or sign in with facebook from modal sign in with google from modal don't have an account yet? forgot your password? first name last name e-mail address for registering password confirm password register or register with facebook from modal register with google from modal already have an account? please ensure javascript is enabled for purposes of website accessibility