来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20201229212737/https://www.39dollarglasses.com/
================================================================================

buy affordable prescription glasses online - 70% off retail prices loading opens in a new window get $15 off every pair of glassesuse code: fsa15 toggle navigation search eyeglasses women men kids show all re-lens your frame shop women's eyeglasses view our stylish collection of women’s designs shop now shop men's eyeglasses see all our men’s metal and plastic frames shop now shop kid's eyeglasses check out our durable and adorable children’s frames shop now shop all eyeglasses check out all our sturdy and stylish frames shop now shop for new lenses send in your frame and we’ll replace your lenses shop now sunglasses women men kids show all re-lens your frame shop women's sunglasses look good and protect your eyes with our sunnies shop now shop men's sunglasses protect your eyes with our stylish sunglasses shop now shop kid's sunglasses cute and sturdy styles for some fun in the sun shop now shop all sunglasses look good while protecting your eyes shop now shop for new lenses send in your frame and we’ll replace your lenses shop now new arrivals women men show all shop women's new arrivals update your look with this year’s latest styles shop now shop men's new arrivals update your look with this year’s latest styles shop now shop all new arrivals update your look with this year’s latest styles shop now lens packages ultimateview™ single vision varilux® progressives ultimateview™ progressive (no-line) crizal® prevencia® ultimateview™ lined bifocals transitions® lenses ultimateview™ anti-glare ultimateview™ polarized blue495™ blue light-blocker ultimateview™ single vision ultimateview™ progressive (no-line) ultimateview™ lined bifocals ultimateview™ anti-glare blue495™ blue light-blocker varilux® progressives crizal® prevencia® transitions® lenses ultimateview™ polarized ultimateview™ single-vision shop frames for your new lenses ultimateview™ progressives (no-line) premium quality progressives at a great price ultimateview™ lined bifocals choose ft-28 lined bifocals ultimateview™ anti-glare reduce glare significantly in your every day life ultimateview™ with blue495 block harmful blue light varilux® progressives shop the most trusted name in progressives crizal® prevencia® shop top quality anti-glare coating transitions® lenses go from clear lenses to sun lenses in seconds ultimateview™ polarized sunglasses reduce glare with polarized sunglasses contact lenses accessibility 1-800-672-6304 hours of operation:mon-fri 9:00am - 5:00pm (est) shop sunglasses make sure you see our exciting new 2020 sunglasses. view collection blue495™ anti-glare coating help reduce eyestrain while using the computer and other devices. details 100% worry-free warranty progressives progressives details best sellers our most popular styles mason black/gray $200.00 $39.00 leonardo gunmetal $200.00 $39.00 university matte black $225.00 $39.00 university matte tortoise $225.00 $39.00 trento black/crystal $200.00 $39.00 trento brown/crystal $200.00 $39.00 entourage crystal $200.00 $39.00 entourage blue/black $200.00 $39.00 entourage hot pink/black $200.00 $39.00 entourage black $200.00 $39.00 merrick silver $200.00 $39.00 see more shop quality discount prescription glasses online how to get the best deal when shopping for glasses online? simple: by buying your prescription glasses at 39dollarglasses. we’ve been a go-to name for trendy glasses since 2000, offering a more cost-effective alternative to your eyewear needs, without yielding on quality, performance, or customer service. at 39dollarglasses you know you’re getting real value on quality frames, without overpaying for what you don’t need. we give every consumer the chance to experience the best prescription eyeglasses for less. plus, when you buy glasses online at 39dollarglasses, you profit from extra benefits such as fast, free shipping and fully customizable prescription lenses included with each order. how are we able to offer such fantastic affordability and bonus perks? rest assured, we haven’t made any concessions on the integrity of our cheap eyeglasses. instead, we’ve streamlined internal production processes and kept our manufacturing right here in the us. this is how we can keep our prices continuously low and the quality standards of our rx glasses continuously sky high. at 39dollarglasses we make first-class glasses with economy pricing, giving you outstanding value-for-money deals - no compromises required! ... read more how to get the best deal when shopping for glasses online? simple: by buying your prescription glasses at 39dollarglasses. we’ve been a go-to name for trendy glasses since 2000, offering a more cost-effective alternative to your eyewear needs, without yielding on quality, performance, or customer service. at 39dollarglasses you know you’re getting real value on quality frames, without overpaying for what you don’t need. we give every consumer the chance to experience the best prescription eyeglasses for less. plus, when you buy glasses online at 39dollarglasses, you profit from extra benefits such as fast, free shipping and fully customizable prescription lenses included with each order. how are we able to offer such fantastic affordability and bonus perks? rest assured, we haven’t made any concessions on the integrity of our cheap eyeglasses. instead, we’ve streamlined internal production processes and kept our manufacturing right here in the us. this is how we can keep our prices continuously low and the quality standards of our rx glasses continuously sky high. at 39dollarglasses we make first-class glasses with economy pricing, giving you outstanding value-for-money deals - no compromises required! ... read more shop eyeglasses find prescription eyeglasses for every style and occasion looking for a specific style of eyeglasses? you’ll find a match in the fantastic 39dollarglasses assortment. our top-grade collection of discount prescription glasses has a match to every liking, including a perfect fit for any scenario. the 39dollarglasses assortment of online eyeglasses covers all popular product categories, such as sunglasses, reading glasses, bifocals, safety eyewear, sports goggles, and more. this makes us the ultimate online destination for all your optical needs. from sophisticated prescription lenses that will make you look sharp in the office, to ergonomic and anti-slip frames for maximum comfort during fast-paced outdoor activities, we've designed the right fit. we give every consumer the chance to express their personality through a fashionable frame, which is exactly why our selection of discount glasses online is this vast and versatile. enabling every man, woman, and child to find a flawless fit that complements their style. explore our comprehensive collection of premium glasses and prescription lenses online now, and discover your stylish match in the inclusive 39dollarglasses selection now! ... read more looking for a specific style of eyeglasses? you’ll find a match in the fantastic 39dollarglasses assortment. our top-grade collection of discount prescription glasses has a match to every liking, including a perfect fit for any scenario. the 39dollarglasses assortment of online eyeglasses covers all popular product categories, such as sunglasses, reading glasses, bifocals, safety eyewear, sports goggles, and more. this makes us the ultimate online destination for all your optical needs. from sophisticated prescription lenses that will make you look sharp in the office, to ergonomic and anti-slip frames for maximum comfort during fast-paced outdoor activities, we've designed the right fit. we give every consumer the chance to express their personality through a fashionable frame, which is exactly why our selection of discount glasses online is this vast and versatile. enabling every man, woman, and child to find a flawless fit that complements their style. explore our comprehensive collection of premium glasses and prescription lenses online now, and discover your stylish match in the inclusive 39dollarglasses selection now! ... read more shop sunglasses buy prescription glasses online when you buy glasses online, it can be difficult to get a feel of the frame and style. after all, you don’t have the same hands-on shopping experience as when visiting an optician. that is exactly why 39dollarglasses is the easiest and most convenient way to buy prescription glasses online. at 39dollarglasses, our team has developed various innovative online tools, which aid you in finding a perfect match for your face and features. for example, accupd: a free online tool for 39dollarglasses customers that accurately measures your pupillary distance (pd). already know your correct rx details and measurements, but doubting about which style of frame will suit you? then use our virtual try-on tool: a fun and clever way of discovering how our fashionable 39dollarglasses collection looks on you. this digital tool enables you to virtually ‘try on’ a plethora of glasses and frames, without having to leave the comfort of your own home. no crowds, no salespeople hassling you, and much better pricing than at your local optician: it’s a win-win way of shopping for eyeglasses. why make the journey to a store when you can bring the store to you with the click of a button? exactly, that is why savvy consumers choose to buy eyeglasses online via 39dollarglasses! ... read more when you buy glasses online, it can be difficult to get a feel of the frame and style. after all, you don’t have the same hands-on shopping experience as when visiting an optician. that is exactly why 39dollarglasses is the easiest and most convenient way to buy prescription glasses online. at 39dollarglasses, our team has developed various innovative online tools, which aid you in finding a perfect match for your face and features. for example, accupd: a free online tool for 39dollarglasses customers that accurately measures your pupillary distance (pd). already know your correct rx details and measurements, but doubting about which style of frame will suit you? then use our virtual try-on tool: a fun and clever way of discovering how our fashionable 39dollarglasses collection looks on you. this digital tool enables you to virtually ‘try on’ a plethora of glasses and frames, without having to leave the comfort of your own home. no crowds, no salespeople hassling you, and much better pricing than at your local optician: it’s a win-win way of shopping for eyeglasses. why make the journey to a store when you can bring the store to you with the click of a button? exactly, that is why savvy consumers choose to buy eyeglasses online via 39dollarglasses! ... read more shop contact lenses why choose 39dollarglasses.com for your prescription glasses? getting the best deal on high-quality glasses online has never been easier, more convenient, and trustworthy, thanks to 39dollarglasses. our experts take the guesswork out of buying cheap glasses online, offering you budget-friendly frames and lenses that don’t compromise on quality and performance. besides giving you the peace of mind that you’re ordering from an established name in eyewear, 39dollarglasses also helps you save lots of time and money. our curated assortment of glasses ticks all the boxes: comfort, clarity, style, durability, and a premium quality standard - at pricing affordable to all. whether you’re looking for men’s glasses, women’s glasses, children’s glasses, safety goggles, sports eyewear, sunglasses, bifocals, transition lenses or more: 39dollarglasses has got you - and your eyewear needs - covered with a superb and affordable frame! that is why clever consumers buy glasses online at 39dollarglasses. we’re so confident that our cheap glasses live up to and exceed expectations, that we even issue a 100% satisfaction guarantee on every purchase made through our website. our company is doctor-owned and operated, and has been a go-to name for affordable eyewear for over 20 years. we produce all our cheap prescription glasses right here in the usa. this means that when you buy prescription glasses online at 39dollarglasses, you know you’re making a well-informed choice in eyewear, whilst supporting an american-based company. the advantages of being a 39dollarglasses customer don’t end there. we even throw in fast, free shipping with every order. let us navigate you towards the best deals on online glasses, and profit from our expertise, affordability, and convenience today! ... read more getting the best deal on high-quality glasses online has never been easier, more convenient, and trustworthy, thanks to 39dollarglasses. our experts take the guesswork out of buying cheap glasses online, offering you budget-friendly frames and lenses that don’t compromise on quality and performance. besides giving you the peace of mind that you’re ordering from an established name in eyewear, 39dollarglasses also helps you save lots of time and money. our curated assortment of glasses ticks all the boxes: comfort, clarity, style, durability, and a premium quality standard - at pricing affordable to all. whether you’re looking for men’s glasses, women’s glasses, children’s glasses, safety goggles, sports eyewear, sunglasses, bifocals, transition lenses or more: 39dollarglasses has got you - and your eyewear needs - covered with a superb and affordable frame! that is why clever consumers buy glasses online at 39dollarglasses. we’re so confident that our cheap glasses live up to and exceed expectations, that we even issue a 100% satisfaction guarantee on every purchase made through our website. our company is doctor-owned and operated, and has been a go-to name for affordable eyewear for over 20 years. we produce all our cheap prescription glasses right here in the usa. this means that when you buy prescription glasses online at 39dollarglasses, you know you’re making a well-informed choice in eyewear, whilst supporting an american-based company. the advantages of being a 39dollarglasses customer don’t end there. we even throw in fast, free shipping with every order. let us navigate you towards the best deals on online glasses, and profit from our expertise, affordability, and convenience today! ... read more get started worry free guarantee 30 day free returns need help? visit our faq. call us 1-631-816-2200 email us click here to email us our calling hours are: monday - friday 9:00am - 5:00pm (est) call us directly at: 1-631-816-2200 toll free within the us 1-800-672-6304 help sign in about your prescription about your pd accupd™ mobile pd tool about our frames how to buy prescription glasses online order tracking shipping options free returns worry free warranty vision insurance products blue495™ blue light blocker computer eyeglasses driving eyeglasses narrow eyeglasses round eyeglasses teen eyeglasses toddler eyeglasses lens price list 39dollarglasses about us create an account contact us help center blog resources affiliate program customer rewards social responsibility military discount © 2000-2020 39dollarglasses.com all rights reserved. accessibility adjustments accessibility statement privacy policy cookie policy site map x warranty type will be determined by the date of contact. all refunds/credits will be issued on date of receipt. returned items must be in original condition in the hard case you received from us. however you may keep any accessories as our free gift. what's your return policy? at 39dollarglasses.com, we offer a 100% worry-free guarantee! our objective is simple: to make sure every customer has a wonderful experience purchasing from us. if you are unhappy for any reason, you may return your eyeglasses for a one-time exchange at no cost or a full store credit for up to 90 days after delivery! we even provide free return shipping! alternatively, you may request a full refund* on your original order if you contact us within 30 days after delivery; shipping charges are non-refundable. (*there are limitations regarding multifocal lenses (progressives and bifocals) and contact lenses. see below for details. here's what you need to know: contact us by phone, live chat or email within 90 days of when your order was delivered. we will happily provide you a return merchandise authorization (rma) number along with a prepaid postage return label (domestic first-class u.s. mail only). your warranty coverage is based off of the date you contact us, and the lens type you ordered (see below for limitations). we cannot process or honor returns without an rma number for a full refund to your original payment method, you must contact us to request an rma within 30 days of the original delivery date. refunds can only be issued after we have received the original merchandise back, and will be issued in line with your warranty coverage and minus any discounts given on the original order. after the original order is remade, subsequent remakes will be assessed a 50% remake fee. refunds requested after a remake is performed will be assessed at 50% of the original order price, or you may request a 50% refund in store credit. remake fees are non-refundable. returned items must be in original condition and in the hard case you received from us. however you may keep any accessories as our free gift. if returning one pair from a buy one get one promotion, the discounted pair is eligible for a full refund or credit. if returning only the full price item we will deduct the amount discounted when issuing a refund or credit.once used, eyebucks are non-refundable. after the initial 30 day period, on any order, your order is refundable in store credit only. on “re-lens” orders using a rimless frame, the custom drilling and mounting fees cannot be refunded. *excluded lenses: multifocal lenses: bifocal and progressive lens orders may be exchanged or remade one time at no cost within the first 90 days after delivery. any changes to an order prior to shipping will count as the allowed free exchange or remake. if a full refund is requested, you have the option of applying it to either your original credit card or your in-store eyebucks account, less a 30% restocking fee. contact lenses: these items may be returned within 60 days of purchase provided they are unopened, undamaged, have not been written on and are in original condition. such returns will receive credit in full. sorry, our manufacturers will not allow us to return opened or otherwise damaged boxes or vials (as described above), so we do not accept them and cannot guarantee their safe return if sent to us in this condition. effective date: 1/23/17 sign in e-mail address for signing in password remember me sign in or sign in with facebook from modal sign in with google from modal don't have an account yet? forgot your password? first name last name e-mail address for registering password confirm password register or register with facebook from modal register with google from modal already have an account? please ensure javascript is enabled for purposes of website accessibility