来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20211228005157/https://www.39dollarglasses.com/
================================================================================

prescription glasses | buy eyeglasses online from just $39 loading opens in a new window fsa saleget $15 off every pair of glassesuse code: fsa15exp: december 31st @ 11:59pm et worry-free warranty | free return shipping accessibility adjustments worry-free warranty free return shipping accessibility adjustments toggle navigation my account my wishlist my cart shop eyeglasses women men kids new arrivals show all re-lens your frame shop women's eyeglasses view our stylish collection of women’s designs shop now shop men's eyeglasses see all our men’s metal and plastic frames shop now shop kids' eyeglasses check out our durable and adorable children’s frames shop now shop all eyeglasses check out all our sturdy and stylish frames shop now shop new lenses for your old frame send in your frame and we’ll replace your lenses shop now shop new arrivals update your look with this year’s latest styles shop now shop sunglasses women men kids new arrivals show all re-lens your frame shop women's sunglasses look good and protect your eyes with our sunnies shop now shop men's sunglasses protect your eyes with our stylish sunglasses shop now shop kids' sunglasses cute and sturdy styles for some fun in the sun shop now shop all sunglasses look good while protecting your eyes shop now shop new lenses for your old frame send in your frame and we’ll replace your lenses shop now shop new arrivals update your look with this year’s latest styles shop now shop by lens ultimateview™ single vision transitions® lenses ultimateview™ progressive (no-line) crizal® prevencia® ultimateview™ lined bifocals varilux® progressives ultimateview™ anti-reflective blue495™ blue light-blocker ultimateview™ polarized view all our lenses ultimateview™ single vision ultimateview™ progressive (no-line) ultimateview™ lined bifocals ultimateview™ anti-reflective ultimateview™ polarized transitions® lenses crizal® prevencia® varilux® progressives blue495™ blue light-blocker view all our lenses ultimateview™ single-vision shop frames for your new lenses ultimateview™ progressives (no-line) premium quality progressives at a great price ultimateview™ lined bifocals choose ft-28 lined bifocals ultimateview™ anti-reflective reduce glare significantly in your every day life ultimateview™ polarized sunglasses reduce glare with polarized sunglasses transitions® lenses go from clear lenses to sun lenses in seconds crizal® prevencia® shop top quality anti-reflective coating varilux® progressives shop the most trusted name in progressives ultimateview™ with blue495 block harmful blue light shop contacts my account my wishlist my cart 1-800-672-6304 hours of operation:mon-fri 9:00am - 5:00pm (est) get $15 off every pair of glassesuse code: fsa15exp: december 31st @ 11:59pm et shop now prescription glasses starting at $39 order high-quality frames and rx lenses up to 70%-off retail prices from a trusted, doctor owned and operated company. women men kids prescription glasses starting at $39 order high-quality frames and rx lenses up to 70%-off retail prices from a trusted, doctor owned and operated company. women men kids choose clear, tinted, polarized, or transitions™ whether you need eyeglasses or sunglasses, we have all the lens options you need for every activity. eyeglasses sunglasses transitions choose clear, tinted,polarized, or transitions™ whether you need eyeglasses or sunglasses, we have all the lens options you need for every activity eyeglasses sunglasses transitions shop name brand lenses we have the best brand name lenses in the industry right at your fingertips. all our lenses come with scratch-resistant coating and 100% uva/uvb protection at no additional cost. single vision lined bifocals progressives shop name brand lenses we have the best brand name lenses in the industry right at your fingertips. all our lenses come with scratch-resistant coating and 100% uva/uvb protection at no additional cost. single vision lined bifocals progressives previous next best sellers our most popular styles add to my wishlist mason black/gray $39.00 black/gray medium width add to my wishlist leonardo gunmetal $39.00 gunmetal medium width add to my wishlist university matte black $39.00 add to my wishlist university matte tortoise $39.00 matte black matte tortoise medium width add to my wishlist trento black/crystal $39.00 add to my wishlist trento brown/crystal $39.00 black/crystal brown/crystal narrow add to my wishlist tate matte navy $39.00 add to my wishlist tate matte black $39.00 matte navy matte black wide add to my wishlist entourage crystal $39.00 add to my wishlist entourage blue/black $39.00 add to my wishlist entourage hot pink/black $39.00 add to my wishlist entourage black $39.00 crystal blue/black hot pink/black black medium width more frames some helpful tools accupd™ measure your pd exactfit™ virtual try-on eyebuddies referral program eyebucks rewards 4% cashback our promos current deals about us get to know us video page watch how-to videos get started how to order shop quality discount prescription glasses online see the world in its full glory. our affordable prescription glasses are a fraction of most of the prices you’ll pay at your local optometrist and still boast stellar durability, craftsmanship, and comfort in a variety of styles. whether you’re farsighted, nearsighted, need bifocals, prefer a blue-light filtering lens, or want a transitions® lens, 39dollarglasses.com is your one-stop-shop for quality glasses frames and advanced lenses - including our ultimateview™ single vision, progressive, lined bifocals, anti-reflective, and polarized lenses - at unbeatable prices. ... read more see the world in its full glory. our affordable prescription glasses are a fraction of most of the prices you’ll pay at your local optometrist and still boast stellar durability, craftsmanship, and comfort in a variety of styles. whether you’re farsighted, nearsighted, need bifocals, prefer a blue-light filtering lens, or want a transitions® lens, 39dollarglasses.com is your one-stop-shop for quality glasses frames and advanced lenses - including our ultimateview™ single vision, progressive, lined bifocals, anti-reflective, and polarized lenses - at unbeatable prices. ... read more shop eyeglasses protect your eyes with prescription sunglasses now there’s no need to choose between comfort, style, affordability, and useability. you can have them all. 39dollarglasses delivers a huge variety of prescription sunglasses for men, women, and kids. re-lens your existing glasses frames or grab a new pair of shades perfectly suited to your unique features with our exactfit™ virtual try-on tool. ... read more now there’s no need to choose between comfort, style, affordability, and useability. you can have them all. 39dollarglasses delivers a huge variety of prescription sunglasses for men, women, and kids. re-lens your existing glasses frames or grab a new pair of shades perfectly suited to your unique features with our exactfit™ virtual try-on tool. ... read more shop sunglasses glasses for every occasion and lifestyle not all glasses are pressed from the same mold. those plastic round frames that are comfier than an old pair of sweats? not so great for basketball. but they definitely fit the bill for sitting at the computer. at 39dollarglasses.com you’ll find new pairs of frames and lenses tailor-made for every situation you can imagine. from playing video games to office work, reducing migraines, and even driving, we’ve got the hardware you need to make the most of life. ... read more not all glasses are pressed from the same mold. those plastic round frames that are comfier than an old pair of sweats? not so great for basketball. but they definitely fit the bill for sitting at the computer. at 39dollarglasses.com you’ll find new pairs of frames and lenses tailor-made for every situation you can imagine. from playing video games to office work, reducing migraines, and even driving, we’ve got the hardware you need to make the most of life. ... read more shop eyeglasses lenses for every pair of eyes whether you’re in the market for glare-reducing ultimateview™ polarized lenses or you need a new pair of some of the most effective varilux® progressives on the market, 39dollarglasses.com has you covered. we offer blue light filtering glasses (like our blue495™ blue light-blockers and crizal® prevencia® lenses) that make it easier to get to sleep when bed-time rolls around, transitions® photochromic glasses that help you move between bright and dim surroundings with ease, high index lenses for dramatic sight correction, and everything in between. ... read more whether you’re in the market for glare-reducing ultimateview™ polarized lenses or you need a new pair of some of the most effective varilux® progressives on the market, 39dollarglasses.com has you covered. we offer blue light filtering glasses (like our blue495™ blue light-blockers and crizal® prevencia® lenses) that make it easier to get to sleep when bed-time rolls around, transitions® photochromic glasses that help you move between bright and dim surroundings with ease, high index lenses for dramatic sight correction, and everything in between. ... read more shop lenses save when you spend looking for some additional value? meet your eyebucks customer rewards program membership. every time you make a purchase from 39dollarglasses.com you’ll earn 4% of the total price in points you can apply to your next pair of glasses, sunglasses, lenses, and anything else available on our site. it’s the easiest way to save on your eyes you’ve ever seen. ... read more looking for some additional value? meet your eyebucks customer rewards program membership. every time you make a purchase from 39dollarglasses.com you’ll earn 4% of the total price in points you can apply to your next pair of glasses, sunglasses, lenses, and anything else available on our site. it’s the easiest way to save on your eyes you’ve ever seen. ... read more learn more test it out with our home trial program worried you’ll have a change of heart after you get your hands on your new frames or lenses? rest easy, because 39dollarglasses offers a home trial program so you can test out frames for 5 days before committing. we also offer worry-free refunds (less shipping) for 30 days after the date of delivery, as well as a 90-day grace period during which you can return your frames or lenses for a free exchange or store credit and we’ll pay the shipping! ... read more worried you’ll have a change of heart after you get your hands on your new frames or lenses? rest easy, because 39dollarglasses offers a home trial program so you can test out frames for 5 days before committing. we also offer worry-free refunds (less shipping) for 30 days after the date of delivery, as well as a 90-day grace period during which you can return your frames or lenses for a free exchange or store credit and we’ll pay the shipping! ... read more try your glasses on virtually not sure how those new rectangular frames will look on you? check out our new exactfit™ virtual try-on feature. as long as you’ve got a smartphone, tablet, or computer camera, you can discover which of our frames will fit your face most perfectly. you’ll even see what they’ll look like when you’re wearing ‘em! not sure how those new rectangular frames will look on you? check out our new exactfit™ virtual try-on feature. as long as you’ve got a smartphone, tablet, or computer camera, you can discover which of our frames will fit your face most perfectly. you’ll even see what they’ll look like when you’re wearing ‘em! get started accupd™: your online pupillary distance measuring tool to deliver the most precise and effective lenses money can buy, 39dollarglasses offers the accupd™ online pupillary distance measuring tool. as long as you’ve got a card the exact size of a credit card and a phone or computer camera, you can accurately measure the distance between your pupils and make sure your new glasses show you the world in a whole new light. ... read more to deliver the most precise and effective lenses money can buy, 39dollarglasses offers the accupd™ online pupillary distance measuring tool. as long as you’ve got a card the exact size of a credit card and a phone or computer camera, you can accurately measure the distance between your pupils and make sure your new glasses show you the world in a whole new light. ... read more get started worry free guarantee 30 day free returns join our mailing list stay up to date on 39dg styles, newsletters, and discounts! first name last name email submit need help? visit our faq. call us 1-631-816-2200 email us click here to email us our calling hours are: monday - friday 9:00am - 5:00pm (est) call us directly at: 1-631-816-2200 toll free within the us 1-800-672-6304 ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ 4.8 stars on shopperapproved 4.8 star 4.8 overall star rating help sign in about your prescription about your pd accupd™ mobile pd tool about our frames how to buy prescription glasses online order tracking shipping options free returns worry free warranty vision insurance products blue495™ blue light blocker computer eyeglasses driving eyeglasses narrow eyeglasses round eyeglasses teen eyeglasses toddler eyeglasses lens price list shop eyeglasses shop sunglasses resources about us create an account contact us help center blog resources referral program affiliate program customer rewards social responsibility military discount first responder discount teacher's discount alphapointe our instagram our facebook our twitter our pinterest our youtube channel monday - friday 9:00am - 5:00pm (est) 1-631-816-2200 toll free within the us 1-800-672-6304 order tracking shipping options free returns worry free warranty contact us orders order tracking shipping options free returns worry free warranty contact us sign in orders order tracking shipping options free returns worry free warranty contact us sign in help about your prescription about your pd about our frames how to buy prescription glasses online help about your prescription about your pd about our frames how to buy prescription glasses online products blue495™ blue light blocker computer eyeglasses driving eyeglasses narrow eyeglasses round eyeglasses teen eyeglasses toddler eyeglasses lens price list shop eyeglasses shop sunglasses products blue495™ blue light blocker computer eyeglasses driving eyeglasses narrow eyeglasses round eyeglasses teen eyeglasses toddler eyeglasses lens price list shop eyeglasses shop sunglasses resources about us create an account contact us help center blog resources referral program affiliate program customer rewards vision insurance social responsibility military discount first responder discount teacher's discount alphapointe resources about us create an account contact us help center blog resources referral program affiliate program customer rewards vision insurance social responsibility military discount first responder discount teacher's discount alphapointe sign in ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ 4.8 stars on shopperapproved 4.8 star 4.8 overall star rating our instagram our facebook our twitter our pinterest our youtube channel help center © 2000-2021 39dollarglasses.com all rights reserved. accessibility adjustments accessibility statement privacy policy cookie policy site map x warranty type will be determined by the date of contact. all refunds/credits will be issued on date of receipt. returned items must be in original condition in the hard case you received from us. however you may keep any accessories as our free gift. what's your return policy? at 39dollarglasses.com, we offer a 100% worry-free guarantee! our objective is simple: to make sure every customer has a wonderful experience purchasing from us. if you are unhappy for any reason, you may return your eyeglasses for a one-time exchange at no cost or a full store credit for up to 90 days after delivery! we even provide free return shipping! alternatively, you may request a full refund* on your original order if you contact us within 30 days after delivery; shipping charges are non-refundable. (*there are limitations regarding multifocal lenses (progressives and bifocals) and contact lenses. see below for details. here's what you need to know: contact us by phone, live chat or email within 90 days of when your order was delivered. we will happily provide you a return merchandise authorization (rma) number along with a prepaid postage return label (domestic first-class u.s. mail only). your warranty coverage is based off of the date you contact us, and the lens type you ordered (see below for limitations). we cannot process or honor returns without an rma number for a full refund to your original payment method, you must contact us to request an rma within 30 days of the original delivery date. refunds can only be issued after we have received the original merchandise back, and will be issued in line with your warranty coverage and minus any discounts given on the original order. after the original order is remade, subsequent remakes will be assessed a 50% remake fee. refunds requested after a remake is performed will be assessed at 50% of the original order price, or you may request a 50% refund in store credit. remake fees are non-refundable. returned items must be in original condition and in the hard case you received from us. however you may keep any accessories as our free gift. if returning one pair from a buy one get one promotion, the discounted pair is eligible for a full refund or credit. if returning only the full price item we will deduct the amount discounted when issuing a refund or credit.once used, eyebucks are non-refundable. after the initial 30 day period, on any order, your order is refundable in store credit only. on “re-lens” orders using a rimless frame, the custom drilling and mounting fees cannot be refunded. *excluded lenses: multifocal lenses: bifocal and progressive lens orders may be exchanged or remade one time at no cost within the first 90 days after delivery. any changes to an order prior to shipping will count as the allowed free exchange or remake. if a full refund is requested, you have the option of applying it to either your original credit card or your in-store eyebucks account, less a 30% restocking fee. contact lenses: these items may be returned within 60 days of purchase provided they are unopened, undamaged, have not been written on and are in original condition. such returns will receive credit in full. sorry, our manufacturers will not allow us to return opened or otherwise damaged boxes or vials (as described above), so we do not accept them and cannot guarantee their safe return if sent to us in this condition. effective date: 1/23/17 × sign in e-mail address for signing in password remember me sign in or sign in with facebook from modal sign in with google from modal don't have an account yet? forgot your password? first name last name e-mail address for registering password confirm password register or register with facebook from modal register with google from modal already have an account? please ensure javascript is enabled for purposes of website accessibility × × try-on these glasses virtually! use your smartphone to scan the qr code and open the virtual try-on app. no download required!