来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20221220170945/https://www.39dollarglasses.com/
================================================================================

39dollarglasses: prescription eyewear at affordable prices loading opens in a new window worry-free warranty | free return shipping accessibility adjustments worry-free warranty free return shipping accessibility adjustments toggle navigation my account my wishlist my cart shop eyeglasses women men kids new arrivals show all re-lens your frame shop women's eyeglasses view our stylish collection of women’s designs shop now shop men's eyeglasses see all our men’s metal and plastic frames shop now shop kids' eyeglasses check out our durable and adorable children’s frames shop now shop all eyeglasses check out all our sturdy and stylish frames shop now shop new lenses for your old frame send in your frame and we’ll replace your lenses shop now shop new arrivals update your look with this year’s latest styles shop now shop sunglasses women men kids new arrivals show all re-lens your frame shop women's sunglasses look good and protect your eyes with our sunnies shop now shop men's sunglasses protect your eyes with our stylish sunglasses shop now shop kids' sunglasses cute and sturdy styles for some fun in the sun shop now shop all sunglasses look good while protecting your eyes shop now shop new lenses for your old frame send in your frame and we’ll replace your lenses shop now shop new arrivals update your look with this year’s latest styles shop now shop by lens ultimateview™ single vision shop frames for your new lenses ultimateview™ progressive (no-line) premium quality progressives at a great price ultimateview™ lined bifocals choose ft-28 lined bifocals ultimateview™ anti-reflective reduce glare significantly in your every day life ultimateview™ polarized reduce glare with polarized sunglasses transitions® lenses go from clear lenses to sun lenses in seconds crizal® prevencia® shop top quality anti-reflective coating varilux® progressives shop the most trusted name in progressives blue495™ blue light-blocker block harmful blue light neurolux™ soothing glasses fl-41 lenses for headaches workspace™ progressives progressives for computer distance view all our lenses ultimateview™ single vision ultimateview™ progressive (no-line) ultimateview™ lined bifocals ultimateview™ anti-reflective ultimateview™ polarized transitions® lenses crizal® prevencia® varilux® progressives blue495™ blue light-blocker neurolux™ soothing glasses workspace™ progressives view all our lenses shop contacts my account my wishlist my cart 1-800-672-6304 hours of operation:mon-fri 9:00am - 5:00pm (est) faqs & other ways to contact us prescription glasses starting at $39 order high-quality frames and rx lenses up to 70%-off retail prices from a trusted, doctor owned and operated company. women men kids prescription glasses starting at $39 order high-quality frames and rx lenses up to 70%-off retail prices from a trusted, doctor owned and operated company. women men kids re-lens your own frame get new lenses with your existing frames re-lens my frame re-lens your own frame get new lenses with your existing frames re-lens my frame choose clear, tinted, polarized, or transitions™ whether you need eyeglasses or sunglasses, we have all the lens options you need for every activity. eyeglasses sunglasses transitions choose clear, tinted,polarized, or transitions™ whether you need eyeglasses or sunglasses, we have all the lens options you need for every activity eyeglasses sunglasses transitions previous next affordable eyewear you can trust best sellers our most popular styles add to my wishlist in home trial mason $39.00 black/gray add to my wishlist in home trial mason $39.00 tortoise/blue black/gray tortoise/blue medium width add to my wishlist in home trial leonardo $39.00 gunmetal gunmetal medium width add to my wishlist in home trial university $39.00 matte black add to my wishlist in home trial university $39.00 matte tortoise matte black matte tortoise medium width add to my wishlist in home trial trento $39.00 black/crystal add to my wishlist in home trial trento $39.00 brown/crystal black/crystal brown/crystal narrow add to my wishlist in home trial entourage $39.00 crystal add to my wishlist in home trial entourage $39.00 blue/black add to my wishlist in home trial entourage $39.00 hot pink/black add to my wishlist in home trial entourage $39.00 black crystal blue/black hot pink/black black medium width add to my wishlist in home trial elwood $44.00 black add to my wishlist in home trial elwood $44.00 brown black brown extra wide more frames some helpful tools get started how to order about us get to know us accupd™ measure your pd exactfit™ virtual try-on eyebuddies referral program eyebucks rewards 4% cashback our promos current deals video page watch how-to videos quality prescription glasses online prescription glasses don’t have to break the bank. at 39dollarglasses, you can choose from a huge selection of high-quality prescription frames and lenses for men, women, and kids. can’t decide between comfort, fit, style, value, and convenience? just shop them all and get the glasses you and your family really want at incredibly affordable prices! shop eyeglasses affordable prescription sunglasses the sun’s uv rays can really deliver a one-two punch to our skin and eyes. protect your peepers from sun damage with help from 39dollarglasses’ gigantic collection of prescription sunglasses for men, women, and kids. you’ll find the high-quality products you need from a trusted expert in the industry, all at affordable prices and with friendly, helpful service. shop sunglasses specialty lenses for your vision needs not every pair of prescription lenses is alike. small disparities between them can mean the difference between a comfortable experience and constant eye strain. that’s why our eye-doctor founders have personally selected each lens sold by 39dollarglasses based on their quality and likely impact on your personal eye health. at the same time, we understand that prescription eyewear can put a big dent in your budget - so we’ve found a way to deliver stellar lenses and frames at affordable prices suitable for every family. take a moment to browse through our selection of: high-quality, no-line bifocals (progressives) protective polarized sunglasses convenient transitions® glasses-to-sunglasses relaxing, blue-light-blocking glasses neurolux™ soothing lenses shop lenses save on your prescription glasses what do you get when you stack an industry-leading customer rewards program on top of everyday value? well, we call it eyebucks™, a budget-friendly, savings-multiplying, cash-back-style program that gives you points for every purchase you make at 39dollarglasses. points never expire and you can even use them in tandem with many of our other offers! shop eyeglasses about 39dollarglasses founded by experienced eye doctors who are passionate about providing people just like you with high-quality and affordable prescription eyeglasses, 39dollarglasses is your ticket to maintaining healthy eyes on a budget. we provide stylish frames made by the same manufacturers as the ones you’ll find at your local optometrist’s office, but without the expensive brand names and logos. we also offer super-convenient, online-only eye-measuring tools with accupd™, a home trial program, and exactfittm virtual try-on so you can know exactly how those new frames will look and feel on your face before you buy them! finally, if you have any questions at all, our dedicated team of knowledgeable service professionals are standing by to help you out. try out frames virtually! sure, those frames look cool on the page. but, what you really want to know is what they’d look like on you. well, now you can know for sure with our exactfit™ virtual try-on. get a sneak peek at exactly what those snazzy new frames will look like on your one-of-a-kind face and say goodbye to buyer’s remorse and unexpected surprises forever. get started worry free guarantee 30 day free returns accupd™: your online pupillary distance measuring tool with accupd™, available from the eye doctors at 39dollarglasses, you can accurately measure your pupillary distance at home with your phone camera or webcam. no more guessing at this important measurement. as long as you’ve got a rigid card that’s exactly the size of a credit card (which is just used as a measuring tool - not for payment!), you can grab your pupillary distance measurement at home and relay that to us for your next perfect pair of glasses. get started join our mailing list stay up to date on 39dg styles, newsletters, and discounts! first name last name email join now frequently asked questions how to order prescription glasses online? https://www.39dollarglasses.com/help/getting-started/ordering-eyeglasses how do i fill in the prescription (rx) information? the required fields are labeled on our forms the same way they would be labeled on your prescription. o.d. is for your right eye and o.s. is for your left eye. make sure you follow what’s written on your rx per eye and enter it as is in the corresponding fields. your rx may not require every field on our form; many don’t. sph and pd will always be required, at a minimum. for more information on different prescription formats, see our help page. https://www.39dollarglasses.com/help/rx/about how long does it take to get my glasses? prior to shipping, your lenses are custom made in our long island, ny laboratory to your exact prescription and pd measurement, then cut and fit to the frame of your choosing. over 95% of all orders ship within 2-7 business days. for some higher prescriptions and multifocals (progressives and bifocals) it may take up to an additional 1-4 business days to process your order. we take pride in our products and every pair of glasses goes through a quality assurance inspection process. a small percentage of orders do not initially pass final inspection and we may need to redo all or part of the process; the order is then fast tracked through production so that it may be sent out in a timely manner. if you order more than one pair of glasses, they will be shipped out together. need help? visit our faq. call us 1-631-816-2200 email us click here to email us our calling hours are: monday - friday 9:00am - 5:00pm (est) call us directly at: 1-631-816-2200 toll free within the us 1-800-672-6304 ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ 4.8 stars on shopperapproved 17,724 customer ratings and reviews 4.8 star star icons 4.8 overall star rating help contact us help center create an account sign in lens price list about us shipping options free returns vision insurance social responsibility resources about your pd about your prescription about our frames alphapointe blog resources styles and trends our instagram our facebook our twitter our pinterest our youtube channel programs customer rewards affiliate program referral program military discount first responder discount teacher's discount home trial our brands monday - friday 9:00am - 5:00pm (est) 1-631-816-2200 toll free within the us 1-800-672-6304 our instagram our facebook our twitter our pinterest our youtube channel contact us sign in create an account contact us sign in create an account help go to the help page through dropdown on desktop help center lens price list about us shipping options free returns vision insurance social responsibility help go to the help page through dropdown on mobile help center lens price list about us shipping options free returns vision insurance social responsibility resources go to the resources page through dropdown on desktop about your pd about your prescription about our frames alphapointe blog resources styles and trends resources go to the resources page through dropdown on mobile about your pd about your prescription about our frames alphapointe blog resources styles and trends programs go to the programs page through dropdown on desktop customer rewards affiliate program referral program military discount first responder discount teacher's discount home trial programs go to the programs page through dropdown on mobile customer rewards affiliate program referral program military discount first responder discount teacher's discount home trial ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ 4.8 stars on shopperapproved 17,724 customer ratings and reviews 4.8 star star icons 4.8 overall star rating ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ 4.8 stars on shopperapproved 17,724 customer ratings and reviews 4.8 star star icons 4.8 overall star rating our instagram our facebook our twitter our pinterest our youtube channel our brands help center © 2000-2022 39dollarglasses.com all rights reserved. accessibility adjustments accessibility statement privacy policy cookie policy site map x warranty type will be determined by the date of contact. all refunds/credits will be issued on date of receipt. returned items must be in original condition in the hard case you received from us. however you may keep any accessories as our free gift. what's your return policy? at 39dollarglasses.com, we offer a 100% worry-free guarantee! our objective is simple: to make sure every customer has a wonderful experience purchasing from us. if you are unhappy for any reason, you may return your eyeglasses for a one-time exchange at no cost or a full store credit for up to 90 days after delivery! we even provide free return shipping! alternatively, you may request a full refund* on your original order if you contact us within 30 days after delivery; shipping charges are non-refundable. (*there are limitations regarding multifocal lenses (progressives and bifocals) and contact lenses. see below for details. here's what you need to know: contact us by phone, live chat or email within 90 days of when your order was delivered. we will happily provide you a return merchandise authorization (rma) number along with a prepaid postage return label (domestic first-class u.s. mail only). your warranty coverage is based off of the date you contact us, and the lens type you ordered (see below for limitations). we cannot process or honor returns without an rma number for a full refund to your original payment method, you must contact us to request an rma within 30 days of the original delivery date. refunds can only be issued after we have received the original merchandise back, and will be issued in line with your warranty coverage and minus any discounts given on the original order. after the original order is remade, subsequent remakes will be assessed a 50% remake fee. refunds requested after a remake is performed will be assessed at 50% of the original order price, or you may request a 50% refund in store credit. remake fees are non-refundable. returned items must be in original condition and in the hard case you received from us. however you may keep any accessories as our free gift. if returning one pair from a buy one get one promotion, the discounted pair is eligible for a full refund or credit. if returning only the full price item we will deduct the amount discounted when issuing a refund or credit.once used, eyebucks are non-refundable. after the initial 30 day period, on any order, your order is refundable in store credit only. on “re-lens” orders using a rimless frame, the custom drilling and mounting fees cannot be refunded. *excluded lenses: multifocal lenses: bifocal and progressive lens orders may be exchanged or remade one time at no cost within the first 90 days after delivery. any changes to an order prior to shipping will count as the allowed free exchange or remake. if a full refund is requested, you have the option of applying it to either your original credit card or your in-store eyebucks account, less a 30% restocking fee. contact lenses: these items may be returned within 60 days of purchase provided they are unopened, undamaged, have not been written on and are in original condition. such returns will receive credit in full. sorry, our manufacturers will not allow us to return opened or otherwise damaged boxes or vials (as described above), so we do not accept them and cannot guarantee their safe return if sent to us in this condition. effective date: 1/23/17 × close modal worry-free warranty warranty type will be determined by the date of postmark. all refunds/credits will be issued on date of receipt. returned items must be in original condition in the hard case you received from us. however you may keep any accessories as our free gift. what's your return policy? at 39dollarglasses.com, we offer a 100% worry-free guarantee! our objective is simple: to make sure every customer has a wonderful experience purchasing from us. if you are unhappy for any reason, you may return your eyeglasses for a one-time exchange at no cost or a full store credit for up to 90 days after delivery! we even provide free return shipping! alternatively, you may request a full refund* on your original order if you return the merchandise within 30 days after delivery; shipping charges are non-refundable. *there are limitations regarding multifocal lenses (progressives and bifocals). see below for details. here's what you need to know: contact us by phone, live chat or email within 90 days of when your order was delivered. we will happily provide you a return merchandise authorization (rma) number along with a prepaid postage return label (domestic first-class u.s. mail only). your warranty coverage is based off of the postmark shown on your returned package, and the lens type you ordered (see below for limitations). we cannot process or honor returns without an rma number. for a full refund to your original payment method, please contact us for an rma and prepaid shipping label. the returned package will need to be postmarked within 30 days of the original delivery date. refunds can only be issued after we have received the original merchandise back, and will be issued in line with your warranty coverage and minus any discounts given on the original order. after the original order is remade, subsequent remakes will be assessed a 50% remake fee. refunds requested after a remake is performed will be assessed at 50% of the original order price, or you may request a 50% refund in store credit. remake fees are non-refundable. returned items must be in original condition and in the hard case you received from us. however, you may keep any accessories as our free gift. if returning one pair from a buy one get one promotion, the discounted pair is eligible for a full refund or credit. if returning only the full price item we will deduct the amount discounted when issuing a refund or credit. once used, eyebucks are non-refundable. after the initial 30 day period, on any order, your order is refundable in store credit only. on “re-lens” orders using a rimless frame, the custom drilling and mounting fees cannot be refunded. if returning a re-lens order, the re-lens handling fee is non-refundable. if returning a 'home try-on' order, the $10 fee charged is only refundable in eyebucks which can be used toward a future order of frames and lenses. * excluded lenses: multifocal lenses: bifocal and progressive lens orders may be exchanged or remade one time at no cost within the first 90 days after delivery. any changes to an order prior to shipping will count as the allowed free exchange or remake. if a full refund is requested, you have the option of applying it to either your original credit card or your in-store eyebucks account, less a 30% restocking fee. effective date: 1/23/17 × close modal sign in e-mail address for signing in password remember me sign in or sign in with google don't have an account yet? forgot your password? first name last name e-mail address for registering password confirm password register or register with google already have an account? please ensure javascript is enabled for purposes of website accessibility × close modal × close modal try-on these glasses virtually! use your smartphone to scan the qr code and open the virtual try-on app. no download required! × close modal