来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20221220170945/https://www.39dollarglasses.com/get-started
================================================================================

how to order prescription glasses online | 39dollarglasses loading opens in a new window worry-free warranty | free return shipping accessibility adjustments worry-free warranty free return shipping accessibility adjustments toggle navigation my account my wishlist my cart shop eyeglasses women men kids new arrivals show all re-lens your frame shop women's eyeglasses view our stylish collection of women’s designs shop now shop men's eyeglasses see all our men’s metal and plastic frames shop now shop kids' eyeglasses check out our durable and adorable children’s frames shop now shop all eyeglasses check out all our sturdy and stylish frames shop now shop new lenses for your old frame send in your frame and we’ll replace your lenses shop now shop new arrivals update your look with this year’s latest styles shop now shop sunglasses women men kids new arrivals show all re-lens your frame shop women's sunglasses look good and protect your eyes with our sunnies shop now shop men's sunglasses protect your eyes with our stylish sunglasses shop now shop kids' sunglasses cute and sturdy styles for some fun in the sun shop now shop all sunglasses look good while protecting your eyes shop now shop new lenses for your old frame send in your frame and we’ll replace your lenses shop now shop new arrivals update your look with this year’s latest styles shop now shop by lens ultimateview™ single vision crizal® prevencia® ultimateview™ progressive (no-line) varilux® progressives ultimateview™ lined bifocals blue495™ blue light-blocker ultimateview™ anti-reflective neurolux™ soothing glasses ultimateview™ polarized workspace™ progressives transitions® lenses view all our lenses ultimateview™ single vision ultimateview™ progressive (no-line) ultimateview™ lined bifocals ultimateview™ anti-reflective ultimateview™ polarized transitions® lenses crizal® prevencia® varilux® progressives blue495™ blue light-blocker neurolux™ soothing glasses workspace™ progressives view all our lenses ultimateview™ single-vision shop frames for your new lenses ultimateview™ progressives (no-line) premium quality progressives at a great price ultimateview™ lined bifocals choose ft-28 lined bifocals ultimateview™ anti-reflective reduce glare significantly in your every day life ultimateview™ polarized sunglasses reduce glare with polarized sunglasses transitions® lenses go from clear lenses to sun lenses in seconds crizal® prevencia® shop top quality anti-reflective coating varilux® progressives shop the most trusted name in progressives ultimateview™ with blue495 block harmful blue light neurolux™ soothing lenses fl-41 lenses for headaches workspace™ progressives progressives for computer distance shop contacts my account my wishlist my cart 1-800-672-6304 hours of operation:mon-fri 9:00am - 5:00pm (est) faqs & other ways to contact us how to get started on your order thanks for choosing 39dollarglasses.com. we strive to make our ordering process as simple as possible while providing you with plenty of options. below you will find a step-by-step guide on how to place an order. start step 1 do you want to start shopping by lens or by frame? shop by frame styles: start looking through frames from any page on the site. you can shop by gender, new arrivals, or eyeglasses/sunglasses. the prices you see include single-vision (distance or reading) lenses. shop by lens types: go to “shop by lens” where you’ll see all the different lens types and brands we carry. from whatever you choose at this point, the price you see includes the frame and your lens option. pro tip: click/tap the quickview option on the thumbnails to see more details about the frame that may help you make your decision. we also recommend using our wishlist feature so you can keep all our favorite options on one page. all our lenses come with 100% uva/uvb protection, scratch-resistant coating, and a worry-free guarantee at no additional cost. shop glasses step 2 now that you’ve chosen your style, let’s customize. prescription or non prescription? when you’re on the product page, choose if you want your glasses to have your prescription or not. if you choose non-prescription, you’ll go straight to checkout. if you choose to have a prescription, you will be taken to the next page where you can customize your lenses. decisions, decisions: if you shopped by lens type, your chosen lens will already be taken into account in this step, therefore you won’t be asked any redundant or irrelevant questions. if you shopped by frame, this is where you will begin customizing your lenses. prescription info: we give you plenty of options when it comes to adding your rx; you can enter it yourself using our dropdown tool, or use a saved rx if you’re an existing customer, you can upload a photo of it, or you can choose to send it to us later (you’ll have 21 days to send it after you complete your order). we will also need your pupillary distance (pd) measurement. this isn’t always included in your prescription, but don’t worry, we created a tool for you so you can easily measure it yourself. use accupd™ step 3 you’re ready for checkout! payment methods: we accept the following payment methods: all major credit cards fsa/hsa cards paypal amazon pay shipping methods: we offer different services from usps and fed-ex. we’re located in new york, your shipping time may vary depending on where you’re located. some things to know: because these are custom orders, our manufacturing time takes an average of 2-5 business days prior to shipping using the shipping method you choose. you accrue 4% of your order total which will be stored in your eyebucks rewards, you can then use it on any of your future orders. you can access your rewards in your account section. sit back and relax: once you place your order, we’ll send you an order confirmation. please look it over and make sure all the information is correct. if it is not, please contact us immediately so we can correct any issues before production begins. once your order is ready to ship, you will receive another email with a tracking number for your shipment. finish further questions, our highly trained customer service specialists will be more than happy to assist you with your order. contact us need help? visit our faq. call us 1-631-816-2200 email us click here to email us need help? visit our faq. call us 1-631-816-2200 email us click here to email us our calling hours are: monday - friday 9:00am - 5:00pm (est) call us directly at: 1-631-816-2200 toll free within the us 1-800-672-6304 ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ 4.8 stars on shopperapproved 17,420 customer ratings and reviews 4.8 star star icons 4.8 overall star rating help contact us help center create an account sign in lens price list about us shipping options free returns vision insurance social responsibility resources about your pd about your prescription about our frames alphapointe blog resources styles and trends our instagram our facebook our twitter our pinterest our youtube channel programs customer rewards affiliate program referral program military discount first responder discount teacher's discount home trial our brands monday - friday 9:00am - 5:00pm (est) 1-631-816-2200 toll free within the us 1-800-672-6304 our instagram our facebook our twitter our pinterest our youtube channel contact us sign in create an account contact us sign in create an account help go to the help page through dropdown on desktop help center lens price list about us shipping options free returns vision insurance social responsibility help go to the help page through dropdown on mobile help center lens price list about us shipping options free returns vision insurance social responsibility resources go to the resources page through dropdown on desktop about your pd about your prescription about our frames alphapointe blog resources styles and trends resources go to the resources page through dropdown on mobile about your pd about your prescription about our frames alphapointe blog resources styles and trends programs go to the programs page through dropdown on desktop customer rewards affiliate program referral program military discount first responder discount teacher's discount home trial programs go to the programs page through dropdown on mobile customer rewards affiliate program referral program military discount first responder discount teacher's discount home trial ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ 4.8 stars on shopperapproved 17,420 customer ratings and reviews 4.8 star star icons 4.8 overall star rating ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ 4.8 stars on shopperapproved 17,420 customer ratings and reviews 4.8 star star icons 4.8 overall star rating our instagram our facebook our twitter our pinterest our youtube channel our brands help center © 2000-2022 39dollarglasses.com all rights reserved. accessibility adjustments accessibility statement privacy policy cookie policy site map x warranty type will be determined by the date of contact. all refunds/credits will be issued on date of receipt. returned items must be in original condition in the hard case you received from us. however you may keep any accessories as our free gift. what's your return policy? at 39dollarglasses.com, we offer a 100% worry-free guarantee! our objective is simple: to make sure every customer has a wonderful experience purchasing from us. if you are unhappy for any reason, you may return your eyeglasses for a one-time exchange at no cost or a full store credit for up to 90 days after delivery! we even provide free return shipping! alternatively, you may request a full refund* on your original order if you contact us within 30 days after delivery; shipping charges are non-refundable. (*there are limitations regarding multifocal lenses (progressives and bifocals) and contact lenses. see below for details. here's what you need to know: contact us by phone, live chat or email within 90 days of when your order was delivered. we will happily provide you a return merchandise authorization (rma) number along with a prepaid postage return label (domestic first-class u.s. mail only). your warranty coverage is based off of the date you contact us, and the lens type you ordered (see below for limitations). we cannot process or honor returns without an rma number for a full refund to your original payment method, you must contact us to request an rma within 30 days of the original delivery date. refunds can only be issued after we have received the original merchandise back, and will be issued in line with your warranty coverage and minus any discounts given on the original order. after the original order is remade, subsequent remakes will be assessed a 50% remake fee. refunds requested after a remake is performed will be assessed at 50% of the original order price, or you may request a 50% refund in store credit. remake fees are non-refundable. returned items must be in original condition and in the hard case you received from us. however you may keep any accessories as our free gift. if returning one pair from a buy one get one promotion, the discounted pair is eligible for a full refund or credit. if returning only the full price item we will deduct the amount discounted when issuing a refund or credit.once used, eyebucks are non-refundable. after the initial 30 day period, on any order, your order is refundable in store credit only. on “re-lens” orders using a rimless frame, the custom drilling and mounting fees cannot be refunded. *excluded lenses: multifocal lenses: bifocal and progressive lens orders may be exchanged or remade one time at no cost within the first 90 days after delivery. any changes to an order prior to shipping will count as the allowed free exchange or remake. if a full refund is requested, you have the option of applying it to either your original credit card or your in-store eyebucks account, less a 30% restocking fee. contact lenses: these items may be returned within 60 days of purchase provided they are unopened, undamaged, have not been written on and are in original condition. such returns will receive credit in full. sorry, our manufacturers will not allow us to return opened or otherwise damaged boxes or vials (as described above), so we do not accept them and cannot guarantee their safe return if sent to us in this condition. effective date: 1/23/17 × close modal worry-free warranty warranty type will be determined by the date of postmark. all refunds/credits will be issued on date of receipt. returned items must be in original condition in the hard case you received from us. however you may keep any accessories as our free gift. what's your return policy? at 39dollarglasses.com, we offer a 100% worry-free guarantee! our objective is simple: to make sure every customer has a wonderful experience purchasing from us. if you are unhappy for any reason, you may return your eyeglasses for a one-time exchange at no cost or a full store credit for up to 90 days after delivery! we even provide free return shipping! alternatively, you may request a full refund* on your original order if you return the merchandise within 30 days after delivery; shipping charges are non-refundable. *there are limitations regarding multifocal lenses (progressives and bifocals). see below for details. here's what you need to know: contact us by phone, live chat or email within 90 days of when your order was delivered. we will happily provide you a return merchandise authorization (rma) number along with a prepaid postage return label (domestic first-class u.s. mail only). your warranty coverage is based off of the postmark shown on your returned package, and the lens type you ordered (see below for limitations). we cannot process or honor returns without an rma number. for a full refund to your original payment method, please contact us for an rma and prepaid shipping label. the returned package will need to be postmarked within 30 days of the original delivery date. refunds can only be issued after we have received the original merchandise back, and will be issued in line with your warranty coverage and minus any discounts given on the original order. after the original order is remade, subsequent remakes will be assessed a 50% remake fee. refunds requested after a remake is performed will be assessed at 50% of the original order price, or you may request a 50% refund in store credit. remake fees are non-refundable. returned items must be in original condition and in the hard case you received from us. however, you may keep any accessories as our free gift. if returning one pair from a buy one get one promotion, the discounted pair is eligible for a full refund or credit. if returning only the full price item we will deduct the amount discounted when issuing a refund or credit. once used, eyebucks are non-refundable. after the initial 30 day period, on any order, your order is refundable in store credit only. on “re-lens” orders using a rimless frame, the custom drilling and mounting fees cannot be refunded. if returning a re-lens order, the re-lens handling fee is non-refundable. if returning a 'home try-on' order, the $10 fee charged is only refundable in eyebucks which can be used toward a future order of frames and lenses. * excluded lenses: multifocal lenses: bifocal and progressive lens orders may be exchanged or remade one time at no cost within the first 90 days after delivery. any changes to an order prior to shipping will count as the allowed free exchange or remake. if a full refund is requested, you have the option of applying it to either your original credit card or your in-store eyebucks account, less a 30% restocking fee. effective date: 1/23/17 × close modal sign in e-mail address for signing in password remember me sign in or sign in with google don't have an account yet? forgot your password? first name last name e-mail address for registering password confirm password register or register with google already have an account? please ensure javascript is enabled for purposes of website accessibility