来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20221220170945/https://www.39dollarglasses.com/lens
================================================================================

shop prescription lenses | prescription glasses lens online loading opens in a new window worry-free warranty | free return shipping accessibility adjustments worry-free warranty free return shipping accessibility adjustments toggle navigation my account my wishlist my cart shop eyeglasses women men kids new arrivals show all re-lens your frame shop women's eyeglasses view our stylish collection of women’s designs shop now shop men's eyeglasses see all our men’s metal and plastic frames shop now shop kids' eyeglasses check out our durable and adorable children’s frames shop now shop all eyeglasses check out all our sturdy and stylish frames shop now shop new lenses for your old frame send in your frame and we’ll replace your lenses shop now shop new arrivals update your look with this year’s latest styles shop now shop sunglasses women men kids new arrivals show all re-lens your frame shop women's sunglasses look good and protect your eyes with our sunnies shop now shop men's sunglasses protect your eyes with our stylish sunglasses shop now shop kids' sunglasses cute and sturdy styles for some fun in the sun shop now shop all sunglasses look good while protecting your eyes shop now shop new lenses for your old frame send in your frame and we’ll replace your lenses shop now shop new arrivals update your look with this year’s latest styles shop now shop by lens ultimateview™ single vision crizal® prevencia® ultimateview™ progressive (no-line) varilux® progressives ultimateview™ lined bifocals blue495™ blue light-blocker ultimateview™ anti-reflective neurolux™ soothing glasses ultimateview™ polarized workspace™ progressives transitions® lenses view all our lenses ultimateview™ single vision ultimateview™ progressive (no-line) ultimateview™ lined bifocals ultimateview™ anti-reflective ultimateview™ polarized transitions® lenses crizal® prevencia® varilux® progressives blue495™ blue light-blocker neurolux™ soothing glasses workspace™ progressives view all our lenses ultimateview™ single-vision shop frames for your new lenses ultimateview™ progressives (no-line) premium quality progressives at a great price ultimateview™ lined bifocals choose ft-28 lined bifocals ultimateview™ anti-reflective reduce glare significantly in your every day life ultimateview™ polarized sunglasses reduce glare with polarized sunglasses transitions® lenses go from clear lenses to sun lenses in seconds crizal® prevencia® shop top quality anti-reflective coating varilux® progressives shop the most trusted name in progressives ultimateview™ with blue495 block harmful blue light neurolux™ soothing lenses fl-41 lenses for headaches workspace™ progressives progressives for computer distance shop contacts my account my wishlist my cart 1-800-672-6304 hours of operation:mon-fri 9:00am - 5:00pm (est) faqs & other ways to contact us close price list singlevision linedbifocals no-lineprogressives single vision clear lenses ultimateview™ light & thin rx lenses ($39.00) details ultimateview™ light & thin rx lenses (lens package: a)thin and ultra-light (1.59 index of refraction) polycarbonate lenses.polycarbonate is up to 30% thinner than standard (cr39) optical lenses and is the lightest, most impact-resistant material made. it is the same material used to make bulletproof glass and airplane windows.includes 100% uv protection, premium scratch-resistant hardcoat, and pristinely polished lens edges.good for low and moderately-strong prescriptions.can be used for any prescription strength.best for prescriptions between +3.00 and -3.50. lens coatings & add-ons ultimateview™ anti-reflective coating $24.95 blue495™ anti-reflective coating $49.95 crizal prevencia™ anti-reflective coating $79.95 ultimateview™ light & thin lenses with premium anti-reflective coating ($63.95) details ultimateview™ light & thin rx lenses with premium anti-reflective coating (lens package: ax)includes the same specifications and benefits as our “light & thin rx lenses” package, and adds:multi-layer hydrophobic anti-reflective (anti-glare) and anti-static coating applied to both lens surfaces. hydrophobic coatings are different than standard anti-reflective coatings in their increased scratch-resistance and reduction in smudges and fingerprints.you still have the option to upgrade your anti-reflective coating to blue495® in the next step. lens coatings & add-ons ultimateview™ anti-reflective coating (added to ar package) (included in price) blue495™ anti-reflective coating (added to ar package) $25.00 crizal prevencia™ anti-reflective coating (added to ar package) $55.00 ultimateview™ super thin rx lenses with premium anti-reflective coating ($98.95) details ultimateview™ super thin rx lenses with premium anti-reflective coating (lens package: bx)super-thin & ultra-light (1.67 index of refraction). the higher the index, the thinner the material.best for prescriptions stronger than -3.50.not needed for mild prescriptions of +/-1.50 and weaker.hydrophobic anti-reflective (anti-glare) and anti-static coating applied to both lens surfaces. hydrophobic coatings are different than standard anti-reflective coatings in their increased scratch-resistance and reduction in smudges and fingerprints.you still have the option to upgrade your anti-glare coating to blue495® in the next stepincludes 100% uv protection, premium scratch-resistant hardcoat, and pristinely polished lens edges. lens coatings & add-ons ultimateview™ anti-reflective coating (added to ar package) (included in price) blue495™ anti-reflective coating (added to ar package) $25.00 crizal prevencia™ anti-reflective coating (added to ar package) $55.00 ultimateview™ ultra-thin rx lenses with premium anti-reflective coating ($138.95) details ultimateview™ ultra thin rx lenses with premium anti-reflective coating (lens package: tx)ultra-thin & ultra-light (1.74 index of refraction). the higher the index, the thinner the material.thinnest lenses possible, no matter how strong the prescription strength is.good for both moderate and very high prescriptions.multi-layer hydrophobic anti-reflective (anti-glare) and anti-static coating applied to both lens surfaces included at no additional charge. hydrophobic coatings are different than standard anti-reflective coatings in their increased scratch-resistance and reduction in smudges and fingerprints.includes 100% uv protection, premium scratch-resistant hardcoat, and pristinely polished lens edges. lens coatings & add-ons ultimateview™ anti-reflective coating (added to ar package) (included in price) sunglasses tinted ultimateview™ rx sun lenses ($48.95) details ultimateview™ tinted rx sun lenses (lens package: c)cr-39™ optical resin plastic by pgp industries®.standard 1.50 index of refractionexcellent optics and very dark lens tintability.includes 100% uv protection, premium scratch-resistant hardcoat, and pristinely polished lens edges.best for prescriptions between +3.00 and -3.50, and those who want the darkest tint possible.can be used for any prescription strength. tinted ultimateview™ light & thin rx sun lenses ($58.95) details ultimateview™ tinted light & thin rx sun lenses (lens package: i)thin and ultra-light (1.59 index of refraction) polycarbonate lenses.polycarbonate gets to a dark tint of about 75%, but not quite as dark as our standard cr-39™ optical resin lenses.polycarbonate is up to 30% thinner than standard (cr39) optical lenses and is the lightest, most impact-resistant material made. it is the same material used to make bulletproof glass and airplane windows.includes 100% uv protection, premium scratch-resistant hardcoat, and pristinely polished lens edges.best for mild to moderate prescriptions between +3.00 and -3.50.can be used for any prescription strength. tinted ultimateview™ super thin rx sun lenses ($98.90) details tinted ultimateview™ super thin rx sun lenses (lens package: d)ultimateview™ 1.67 index can get a very dark tint of about 80%, but not quite as dark as cr-39™ optical resin.super-thin & ultra-light (1.67 index of refraction). the higher the index, the thinner the material.best for prescriptions stronger than -3.50. this upgrade won’t be noticeable for most mild prescriptions of +/-1.50 and weaker.you still have the option to upgrade your anti-glare coating to blue495® in the next stepincludes 100% uv protection, premium scratch-resistant hardcoat, and pristinely polished lens edges. ultimateview™ polarized rx sun lenses ($108.90) details ultimateview™ polarized rx sun lenses (lens package: e)polarized lenses have filters that block out reflected light, virtually eliminating the glare caused by reflections from horizontal surfaces. this makes them ideal for driving or water activities. filtering the light in one direction, rather than darkening it from all directions like with tinting, leads to sharper vision and better color rendition.ideal for driving or water activities..cr-39™ optical resin plastic lenses by ppg industries® (1.50 index of refraction).good for prescriptions between +2.00 and -3.00.can be used for any prescription strength.includes 100% uv protection, premium scratch-resistant hardcoat, and pristinely polished lens edges.. lens coatings & add-ons ultimateview™ anti-reflective coating $24.95 silver mirror $49.95 gold mirror $49.95 crizal prevencia™ anti-reflective coating $79.95 ultimateview™ polarized light & thin rx sun lenses ($137.85) details nupolar® polarized light & thin rx sun lenses (lens package: f)polarized lenses have filters that block out reflected light, virtually eliminating the glare caused by reflections from horizontal surfaces. this makes them ideal for driving or water activities. filtering the light in one direction, rather than darkening it from all directions like with tinting, leads to sharper vision and better color rendition.ideal for driving or water activities.thin and ultra-light (1.59 index of refraction) polycarbonate lenses.polycarbonate is up to 30% thinner than standard (cr39) optical lenses and is the lightest, most impact-resistant material made. it is the same material used to make bulletproof glass and airplane windows.best for prescriptions between +3.00 and -3.50.can be used for any prescription strength.includes 100% uv protection, premium scratch-resistant hardcoat, and pristinely polished lens edges. lens coatings & add-ons ultimateview™ anti-reflective coating $24.95 silver mirror $49.95 gold mirror $49.95 crizal prevencia™ anti-reflective coating $79.95 polarized ultimateview™ 1.67 index super thin rx sun lenses ($188.90) details ultimateview™ 1.67 index polarized super thin rx sun lenses (lens package: bn)polarized lenses have filters that block out reflected light, virtually eliminating the glare caused by sun reflections from above bouncing off horizontal surfaces. this makes them ideal for driving or water activities like boating & fishing. filtering the light in one direction, rather than darkening it from all directions like with tinting, leads to sharper vision and better color rendition.super thin & light (1.67 index of refraction) high index lenses.1.67 index is up to 20% thinner than polycarbonate, and up to 40% thinner than standard (cr39) optical lenses. best for prescriptions stronger than +/-3.50 or those with more than +/-2.00 diopters of astigmatism.best for prescriptions stronger than +/-3.50 or those with more than +/-2.00 diopters of astigmatism who want a thinner option.includes 100% uv protection, premium scratch-resistant hardcoat, and pristinely polished lens edges. lens coatings & add-ons ultimateview™ anti-reflective coating $24.95 silver mirror $49.95 gold mirror $49.95 crizal prevencia™ anti-reflective coating $79.95 photochromic (clear indoors, tinted outdoors) transitions® signature gen8™ photochromic rx lenses ($108.90) details transitions® signature gen8™ photochromic rx lenses (lens package: g)genuine transitions® brand, the world leader in photochromic lenses technology.the tint is activated by uv light. the tint will not darken much indoors or in vehicles, as most windows block uv light. the more direct uv light that contacts them, the darker they get.includes 100% uv protection, premium scratch-resistant hardcoat, and pristinely polished lens edges.cr-39™ optical resin by ppg industries® (1.50 index of refraction).good for prescriptions between +2.00 and -3.00, but can be used for almost any prescription. the higher the prescription lens coatings & add-ons ultimateview™ anti-reflective coating $24.95 crizal prevencia™ anti-reflective coating $79.95 transitions® signature gen8™ light & thin photochromic lenses ($137.90) details transitions® signature gen8™ light & thin photochromic rx lenses (lens package: h)genuine transitions® brand, the world leader in photochromic lenses technology.the tint is activated by uv light. the tint will not darken indoors or in vehicles, as most windows block uv light. the more direct uv light that contacts them, the darker they get.includes 100% uv protection, premium scratch-resistant hardcoat, and pristinely polished lens edges.thin and ultra-light (1.59 index of refraction) polycarbonate lenses.polycarbonate is up to 30% thinner than standard (cr39) optical lenses and is the lightest, most impact-resistant material made. it is the same material used to make bulletproof glass and airplane windows.best for prescriptions between +3.00 and -3.50.can be used for any prescription strength. lens coatings & add-ons ultimateview™ anti-reflective coating $24.95 crizal prevencia™ anti-reflective coating $79.95 transitions® signature gen8™ super thin photochromic 1.67 index rx lenses ($188.90) details 1.67 index transitions® signature gen8™ super thin photochromic rx lenses (lens package: bt)genuine transitions® brand, the world leader in photochromic lenses technology.the tint is activated by uv light. the tint will not darken indoors or in vehicles, as most windows block uv light. the more direct uv light that contacts them, the darker they get.includes 100% uv protection, premium scratch-resistant hardcoat, and pristinely polished lens edges.super thin & light (1.67 index of refraction) high index lenses.1.67 index is up to 20% thinner than polycarbonate, and up to 40% thinner than standard (cr39) optical lenses. best for prescriptions stronger than +/-3.50 or those with more than +/-2.00 diopters of astigmatism who want a thinner option.1.67 index is not needed for mild prescriptions of +/-1.50 and weaker. you can go with a lower-priced option lens coatings & add-ons ultimateview™ anti-reflective coating $24.95 silver mirror $49.95 gold mirror $49.95 crizal prevencia™ anti-reflective coating $79.95 lined bifocals clear lenses ultimateview™ light & thin bifocal rx lenses ($119.00) details light & thin bifocal rx lenses (lens package: j)thin and ultra-light (1.59 index of refraction) polycarbonate lenses.polycarbonate is up to 30% thinner than standard (cr39) optical lenses and is the lightest, most impact-resistant material made. it is the same material used to make bulletproof glass and airplane windows.ft28 bifocal lenses - refers to regular flat top (sideways d-shaped) bifocal lenses where the distance and reading portions are separated with a 28 mm line rather than fully one going from edge -to- edge.includes 100% uv protection, scratch-resistant coatings applied to both sides of the lenses, and polished lens edges.recommended for prescription ranges between +4.00 and -4.00 (and/or cylinder ranges between +2.50 and -2.50). lens coatings & add-ons ultimateview™ anti-reflective coating $24.95 crizal prevencia™ anti-reflective coating $79.95 sunglasses ultimateview™ tinted light & thin rx sun lenses ($138.95) details tinted light & thin bifocal rx sun lenses (lens package: ji)thin and ultra-light (1.59 index of refraction) polycarbonate lenses.polycarbonate is up to 30% thinner than standard (cr39) optical lenses and is the lightest, most impact-resistant material made. it is the same material used to make bulletproof glass and airplane windows.ft28 bifocal lenses - refers to regular flat top (sideways d-shaped) bifocal lenses where the distance and reading portions are separated with a 28 mm line rather than fully one going from edge -to- edge.note: due to the inherent properties of polycarbonate, we are able to tint these to a maximum of about 70%recommended for prescription ranges between +4.00 and -4.00 (and/or cylinder ranges between +2.00 and -2.50). ultimateview™ polarized rx sun lenses ($217.95) details nupolar® polarized bifocal rx sun lenses (lens package: wp)polarized lenses have filters that block out reflected light, virtually eliminating the glare caused by reflections from horizontal surfaces. this makes them ideal for driving or water activities. filtering the light in one direction, rather than darkening it from all directions like with tinting, leads to sharper vision and better color rendition. cr-39™ optical resin by ppg industries® (1.50 index of refraction).ft28 bifocal lenses - refers to regular flat top (sideways d-shaped) bifocal lenses where the distance and reading portions are separated with a 28 mm line rather than fully one going from edge -to- edge.made by nupolar®, the premiere manufacturer of polarized ophthalmic lenses.includes 100% uv protection, premium scratch-resistant hardcoat, and pristinely polished lens edges.good for prescriptions between +2.00 and -3.00.can be used for any prescription strength. lens coatings & add-ons ultimateview™ anti-reflective coating $24.95 silver mirror $49.95 gold mirror $49.95 crizal prevencia™ anti-reflective coating $79.95 nupolar® polarized light & thin rx sun lenses ($237.95) details nupolar® polarized light & thin bifocal rx sun lenses (lens package: m)polarized lenses have filters that block out reflected light, virtually eliminating the glare caused by reflections from horizontal surfaces. this makes them ideal for driving or water activities. filtering the light in one direction, rather than darkening it from all directions like with tinting, leads to sharper vision and better color rendition. thin and ultra-light (1.59 index of refraction) polycarbonate lenses.polycarbonate is up to 30% thinner than standard (cr39) optical lenses and is the lightest, most impact-resistant material made. it is the same material used to make bulletproof glass and airplane windows.ft28 bifocal lenses - refers to regular flat top (sideways d-shaped) bifocal lenses where the distance and reading portions are separated with a 28 mm line rather than fully one going from edge -to- edge.includes 100% uv protection, premium scratch-resistant hardcoat, and pristinely polished lens edges.recommended for prescription ranges between +4.00 and -4.00 (and/or cylinder ranges between +2.00 and -2.50).best for prescriptions between +3.00 and -3.50.can be used for any prescription strength. lens coatings & add-ons ultimateview™ anti-reflective coating $24.95 silver mirror $49.95 gold mirror $49.95 crizal prevencia™ anti-reflective coating $79.95 photochromic (clear indoors, tinted outdoors) transitions® signature gen 8™ rx lenses ($228.95) details transitions® signature gen 8™ bifocal rx lenses (lens package: wt)cr-39™ optical resin by ppg industries® (1.50 index of refraction).genuine transitions®, the world leader in photochromic lenses technology.the tint is activated by uv light. the tint will not darken indoors or in vehicles, as most windows block uv light. the more direct uv light that contacts them, the darker they get.ft28 bifocal lenses - refers to regular flat top (sideways d-shaped) bifocal lenses where the distance and reading portions are separated with a 28 mm line rather than fully one going from edge -to- edge.includes 100% uv protection, premium scratch-resistant hardcoat, and pristinely polished lens edges.good for prescriptions between +2.00 and -3.00.can be used for any prescription strength. lens coatings & add-ons ultimateview™ anti-reflective coating $24.95 crizal prevencia™ anti-reflective coating $79.95 progressives (no-line bifocals) clear lenses ultimateview™ light and thin rx lenses ($119.00) details ultimateview™ light & thin polycarbonate progressive lenses (lens package: k)all ultimateview™ progressive lenses are engineered for optimum performance and comfort. ultimateview™ offers an extra-wide close vision area for reading and computer use, and optimized distance area for driving and everyday activities.thin and ultra-light (1.59 index of refraction) polycarbonate lenses.polycarbonate is up to 30% thinner than standard (cr39) optical lenses and is the lightest, most impact-resistant material made. it is the same material used to make bulletproof glass and airplane windows.includes 100% uv protection, premium scratch-resistant hardcoat, and pristinely polished lens edges. lens coatings & add-ons ultimateview™ anti-reflective coating $24.95 blue495™ anti-reflective coating $49.95 crizal prevencia™ anti-reflective coating $79.95 ultimateview hd™ light & thin rx lenses ($178.95) details ultimateview hd™ light & thin progressive lenses (lens package: hd)ultimateview hd™ is the progressive lens of choice for the person who wants the best available technology for the clearest, most comfortable vision at all viewing distances.high-definition free form lenses increase the field of vision by 25-30% and increase vision clarity 20% over all other progressive lens designs.virtually eliminates the peripheral distortions of other progressives.widest reading area and clearest, most comfortable vision at any distance.thin and ultra-light (1.59 index of refraction) polycarbonate lenses.polycarbonate is up to 30% thinner than standard (cr39) optical lenses and is the lightest, most impact-resistant material made. it is the same material used to make bulletproof glass and airplane windows.includes 100% uv protection, premium scratch-resistant hardcoat, and pristinely polished lens edges. lens coatings & add-ons ultimateview™ anti-reflective coating $24.95 blue495™ anti-reflective coating $49.95 crizal prevencia™ anti-reflective coating $79.95 varilux® comfort® drx light & thin rx lenses ($218.00) details varilux® comfort light & thin progressive lenses (lens package: l)varilux® lenses are the #1 prescribed progressive lenses. comfort is essilor’s best-selling lens design.excellent visual performance with great distance and reading vision.comes with a certificate of authenticity.thin and ultra-light airwear® polycarbonate lenses (1.59 index of refraction).polycarbonate is up to 30% thinner than standard (cr39) optical lenses and is the lightest, most impact-resistant material made. it is the same material used to make bulletproof glass and airplane windows.includes 100% uv protection, premium scratch-resistant hardcoat, and pristinely polished lens edges. lens coatings & add-ons ultimateview™ anti-reflective coating $24.95 blue495™ anti-reflective coating $49.95 crizal prevencia™ anti-reflective coating $79.95 kodak workspace™ progressives with premium anti-reflective coating ($225.00) details kodak softwear® workspace progressivespremium anti-reflective coating includedallows you to maintain a comfortable head position for your computer/work distance, without having to tilt your head up while working.the upper parts of the lens are for intermediate distances up to multiple feet away, and the bottom is for close-up reading or your keyboard.because it is optimized for up-close work, the peripheral areas have almost no distortion.thin and ultra-light (1.59 index of refraction) polycarbonate lenses. lens coatings & add-ons ultimateview™ anti-reflective coating (added to ar package) (included in price) blue495™ anti-reflective coating (added to ar package) $25.00 ultimateview hd™ 1.67 index super thin progressive lenses ($238.95) details ultimateview hd™ 1.67 index super thin progressive lenses (lens package: hdb)ultimateview hd™ is the progressive lens of choice for the person who wants the best available technology for the clearest, most comfortable vision at all viewing distances.high-definition free form lenses increase the field of vision by 25-30% and increase vision clarity 20% over all other progressive lens designs.virtually eliminates the peripheral distortions of other progressives.widest reading area and clearest, most comfortable vision at any distance.super thin & light (1.67 index of refraction) high index lenses.1.67 index is up to 20% thinner than polycarbonate, and up to 40% thinner than standard (cr39) optical lenses. best for strongest prescriptions, but great for any rx stronger than +/-3.50includes 100% uv protection, premium scratch-resistant hardcoat, and pristinely polished lens edges. lens coatings & add-ons ultimateview™ anti-reflective coating $24.95 crizal prevencia™ anti-reflective coating $79.95 sunglasses tinted ultimateview™ light & thin polycarbonate sun lenses ($128.95) details tinted ultimateview™ light & thin polycarbonate progressive sun lenses (lens package: ki)all ultimateview™ progressive lenses are engineered for optimum performance and comfort. ultimateview™ offers an extra-wide close vision area for reading and computer use, and optimized distance area for driving and everyday activities.thin and ultra-light (1.59 index of refraction) polycarbonate lenses.polycarbonate is up to 30% thinner than standard (cr39) optical lenses and is the lightest, most impact-resistant material made. it is the same material used to make bulletproof glass and airplane windows.polycarbonate gets to a dark tint of about 75%includes 100% uv protection, premium scratch-resistant hardcoat, and pristinely polished lens edges. tinted ultimateview hd™ light & thin rx sun lenses ($188.95) details tinted ultimateview hd™ light & thin progressive sun lenses (lens package: hdi)ultimateview hd™ is the progressive lens of choice for the person who wants the best available technology for the clearest, most comfortable vision at all viewing distances.high definition free form lenses increase the field of vision by 25-30% and increase vision clarity 20% over all other progressive lens designs.virtually eliminates the peripheral distortions of other progressives.widest reading area and clearest, most comfortable vision at any distance.thin and ultra-light (1.59 index of refraction) polycarbonate lenses.polycarbonate is up to 30% thinner than standard (cr39) optical lenses and is the lightest, most impact-resistant material made. it is the same material used to make bulletproof glass and airplane windows.polycarbonate gets to a dark tint of about 75%includes 100% uv protection, premium scratch-resistant hardcoat, and pristinely polished lens edges. tinted varilux® comfort new edition® light & thin rx sun lenses ($237.95) details tinted varilux® comfort light & thin progressive sun lenses (lens package: li)varilux® lenses are the #1 prescribed progressive lenses. comfort is essilor’s best-selling lens design.excellent visual performance with great distance and reading vision.comes with a certificate of authenticity.thin and ultra-light (1.59 index of refraction) polycarbonate lenses.polycarbonate is up to 30% thinner than standard (cr39) optical lenses and is the lightest, most impact-resistant material made. it is the same material used to make bulletproof glass and airplane windows.polycarbonate tints to about a 70% density sunglass lens (compared to about 90% for cr-39 or clearlight®).polycarbonate gets to a dark tint of about 75%includes 100% uv protection, premium scratch-resistant hardcoat, and pristinely polished lens edges. tinted ultimateview hd™ 1.67 index super thin tinted progressive rx sun lenses ($248.95) details tinted ultimateview hd™ 1.67 index super thin progressive rx sun lenses (lens package: hdd)ultimateview hd™ is the progressive lens of choice for the person who wants the best available technology for the clearest, most comfortable vision at all viewing distances.high-definition free form lenses increase the field of vision by 25-30% and increase vision clarity 20% over all other progressive lens designs.virtually eliminates the peripheral distortions of other progressives.widest reading area and clearest, most comfortable vision at any distance.super thin & light (1.67 index of refraction) high index lenses.1.67 index is up to 20% thinner than polycarbonate, and up to 40% thinner than standard (cr39) optical lenses. best for strongest prescriptions, but great for any rx stronger than +/-3.50includes 100% uv protection, premium scratch-resistant hardcoat, and pristinely polished lens edges. polarized ultimateview hd™ light & thin rx sun lenses ($238.95) details polarized ultimateview hd™ light & thin progressive sun lenses (lens package: hdn)ultimateview hd™ is the progressive lens of choice for the person who wants the best available technology for the clearest, most comfortable vision at all viewing distances.high definition free form lenses increase the field of vision by 25-30% and increase vision clarity 20% over all other progressive lens designs.virtually eliminates the peripheral distortions of other progressives.widest reading area and clearest, most comfortable vision at any distance.polarized lenses have filters that block out reflected light, virtually eliminating the glare caused by reflections from horizontal surfaces. this makes them ideal for driving or water activities. filtering the light in one direction, rather than darkening it from all directions like with tinting, leads to sharper vision and better color rendition.thin and ultra-light (1.59 index of refraction) polycarbonate lenses.polycarbonate is up to 30% thinner than standard (cr39) optical lenses and is the lightest, most impact-resistant material made. it is the same material used to make bulletproof glass and airplane windows.includes 100% uv protection, premium scratch-resistant hardcoat, and pristinely polished lens edges. lens coatings & add-ons ultimateview™ anti-reflective coating $24.95 silver mirror $49.95 gold mirror $49.95 crizal prevencia™ anti-reflective coating $79.95 polarized varilux® comfort new edition® light & thin rx sun lenses ($266.95) details xperio uv™ polarized varilux® comfort light & thin progressive sun lenses (lens package: ln)varilux® lenses are the #1 prescribed progressive lenses.excellent visual performance with great distance and reading vision.comes with a certificate of authenticity.xperio uv™ polarized lenses bring together industry-leading designs and materials from essilor®, kbco® and specialty lens corporation®, and meet or exceed essilor's rigorous performance standards.polarized lenses have filters that block out reflected light, virtually eliminating the glare caused by reflections from horizontal surfaces. this makes them ideal for driving or water activities. filtering the light in one direction, rather than darkening it from all directions like with tinting, leads to sharper vision and better color rendition.thin & ultra-light airwear® polycarbonate (1.59 index of refraction).polycarbonate is up to 30% thinner than standard (cr39) optical lenses and is the lightest, most impact-resistant material made. it is the same material used to make bulletproof glass and airplane windows.includes 100% uv protection, premium scratch-resistant hardcoat, and pristinely polished lens edges. lens coatings & add-ons ultimateview™ anti-reflective coating $24.95 silver mirror $49.95 gold mirror $49.95 crizal prevencia™ anti-reflective coating $79.95 polarized ultimateview hd™ 1.67 index super thin progressive sun lenses ($318.95) details polarized ultimateview hd™ 1.67 index super thin progressive sun lenses (lens package: hddn)ultimateview hd™ is the progressive lens of choice for the person who wants the best available technology for the clearest, most comfortable vision at all viewing distances.high definition free form lenses increase the field of vision by 25-30% and increase vision clarity 20% over all other progressive lens designs.virtually eliminates the peripheral distortions of other progressives.widest reading area and clearest, most comfortable vision at any distance.polarized lenses have filters that block out reflected light, virtually eliminating the glare caused by sun reflections from above bouncing off horizontal surfaces. this makes them ideal for driving or water activities like boating & fishing. filtering the light in one direction, rather than darkening it from all directions like with tinting, leads to sharper vision and better color rendition.super thin & light (1.67 index of refraction) high index lenses.1.67 index is up to 20% thinner than polycarbonate, and up to 40% thinner than standard (cr39) optical lenses. best for strongest prescriptions, but great for any rx stronger than +/-3.50includes 100% uv protection, premium scratch-resistant hardcoat, and pristinely polished lens edges. lens coatings & add-ons ultimateview™ anti-reflective coating $24.95 silver mirror $49.95 gold mirror $49.95 crizal prevencia™ anti-reflective coating $79.95 photochromic (clear indoors, tinted outdoors) transitions® signature gen8™ ultimateview hd™ light & thin ($238.95) details transitions® signature gen8™ ultimateview hd® light & thin progressive photochromic lenses (lens package: hdt)genuine transitions®, the world leader in photochromic lenses technology.ultimateview hd is the progressive lens of choice for the person who wants the best available technology for the clearest, most comfortable vision at all viewing distances.high definition free form lenses increase the field of vision by 25-30% and increase vision clarity 20% over all other progressive lens designs.virtually eliminates the peripheral distortions of other progressives.widest reading area and clearest, most comfortable vision at any distance.thin and ultra-light (1.59 index of refraction) polycarbonate lenses.polycarbonate is up to 30% thinner than standard (cr39) optical lenses and is the lightest, most impact-resistant material made. it is the same material used to make bulletproof glass and airplane windows.includes 100% uv protection, premium scratch-resistant hardcoat, and pristinely polished lens edges. lens coatings & add-ons ultimateview™ anti-reflective coating $24.95 crizal prevencia™ anti-reflective coating $79.95 transitions® signature gen 8™ varilux® comfort® light & thin rx lenses ($276.95) details transitions® signature gen 8™ varilux® comfort® light & thin progressive lenses (lens package: p)genuine transitions®, the world leader in photochromic lenses technology.varilux® lenses are the #1 prescribed progressive lenses.excellent visual performance with great distance and reading vision.comes with a certificate of authenticity.thin & ultra-light polycarbonate (1.59 index of refraction).polycarbonate is up to 30% thinner than standard (cr39) optical lenses and is the lightest, most impact-resistant material made. it is the same material used to make bulletproof glass and airplane windows.includes 100% uv protection, premium scratch-resistant hardcoat, and pristinely polished lens edges. lens coatings & add-ons ultimateview™ anti-reflective coating $24.95 crizal prevencia™ anti-reflective coating $79.95 transitions® signature gen8™ ultimateview hd™ 1.67 index super thin progressive photochromic lenses ($318.95) details transitions® signature gen8™ ultimateview hd™ 1.67 index super thin progressive photochromic lenses (lens package: hdbt)genuine transitions®, the world leader in photochromic lenses technology.ultimateview hd is the progressive lens of choice for the person who wants the best available technology for the clearest, most comfortable vision at all viewing distances.high definition free form lenses increase the field of vision by 25-30% and increase vision clarity 20% over all other progressive lens designs.virtually eliminates the peripheral distortions of other progressives.super thin & light (1.67 index of refraction) high index lenses.1.67 index is up to 20% thinner than polycarbonate, and up to 40% thinner than standard (cr39) optical lenses. best for strongest prescriptions, but great for any rx stronger than +/-3.50includes 100% uv protection, premium scratch-resistant hardcoat, and pristinely polished lens edges. lens coatings & add-ons ultimateview™ anti-reflective coating $24.95 silver mirror $49.95 gold mirror $49.95 crizal prevencia™ anti-reflective coating $79.95 our lenses all our lenses include: 100% uva/uvb protection 100% worry-free guarantee scratch resistant coating lens brands: transitions® lenses the best selling brand of photochromic lenses their latest and best performing lens yet: transitions® signature® gen8™ get eyeglasses and sunglasses all in one pair lenses are clear indoors and dark outdoors the brighter it is outside, the darker they get we recommend adding an anti-reflective coating for best results! shop now crizal® prevencia® this anti-reflective coating reduces reflections and glare resists smudges and repels water droplets blocks blue light emitted by electronic devices shop now varilux® progressives (no-line bifocal) the most trusted name in progressives get light and thin lenses in clear, tinted, polarized, or even transitions we have the best prices around for varilux lenses we recommend adding an anti-reflective coating for best results! shop now blue495™ blue light blocker this anti-reflective coating is engineered to protect your eyes from harmful blue light perfect for wearing in the office, at night, or anytime you’re using electronic devices you can add this coating to clear, polarized, or transition lenses shop now ultimateview™ polarized polarized lenses reduce reflective light, a light beam that reflects on a surface at a high-intensity such as water. perfect for a range of outdoor activities from boating & sports to gardening. we recommend adding an anti-reflective coating for best results! now comes with mirror tint options! shop now ultimateview™ single-vision light & thin polycarbonate lenses great for distance or reading prescriptions get it clear, tinted, polarized, or with transitions® we recommend adding an anti-reflective coating for best results! shop now ultimateview™ 1.67 super thin may be up to 30% thinner than standard plastic lenses get it in single-vision or progressives (no-line bifocals) available in clear lenses, sunglasses, or with transitions® shop now ultimateview™ progressives (no-line bifocal) these hd lenses offer a wider field of view than most standard progressive lenses they’re digitally made to be extra customized to your prescription get it clear, tinted, polarized, or with transitions® we recommend adding an anti-reflective coating for best results! shop now ultimateview™ lined-bifocals our light and thin bifocals are a convenient way to see far and read up close without having to switch glasses made with light & thin, shatter resistant polycarbonate get it clear, tinted, polarized, or with transitions® we recommend adding an anti-reflective coating for best results! shop now ultimateview™ anti-reflective our premium anti-reflective coating effectively reduces a large portion of reflective glare great for using in the office, at home, or while driving get it clear, tinted, polarized, or with transitions® shop now neurolux™ soothing glasses made with fl-41 tint to soothe headaches ease migraines and light sensitivity reduces frequency of headaches alleviates symptoms when they occur shop now you can check the prices on our lenses price list need help? visit our faq. call us 1-631-816-2200 email us click here to email us our calling hours are: monday - friday 9:00am - 5:00pm (est) call us directly at: 1-631-816-2200 toll free within the us 1-800-672-6304 ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ 4.8 stars on shopperapproved 17,420 customer ratings and reviews 4.8 star star icons 4.8 overall star rating help contact us help center create an account sign in lens price list about us shipping options free returns vision insurance social responsibility resources about your pd about your prescription about our frames alphapointe blog resources styles and trends our instagram our facebook our twitter our pinterest our youtube channel programs customer rewards affiliate program referral program military discount first responder discount teacher's discount home trial our brands monday - friday 9:00am - 5:00pm (est) 1-631-816-2200 toll free within the us 1-800-672-6304 our instagram our facebook our twitter our pinterest our youtube channel contact us sign in create an account contact us sign in create an account help go to the help page through dropdown on desktop help center lens price list about us shipping options free returns vision insurance social responsibility help go to the help page through dropdown on mobile help center lens price list about us shipping options free returns vision insurance social responsibility resources go to the resources page through dropdown on desktop about your pd about your prescription about our frames alphapointe blog resources styles and trends resources go to the resources page through dropdown on mobile about your pd about your prescription about our frames alphapointe blog resources styles and trends programs go to the programs page through dropdown on desktop customer rewards affiliate program referral program military discount first responder discount teacher's discount home trial programs go to the programs page through dropdown on mobile customer rewards affiliate program referral program military discount first responder discount teacher's discount home trial ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ 4.8 stars on shopperapproved 17,420 customer ratings and reviews 4.8 star star icons 4.8 overall star rating ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ 4.8 stars on shopperapproved 17,420 customer ratings and reviews 4.8 star star icons 4.8 overall star rating our instagram our facebook our twitter our pinterest our youtube channel our brands help center © 2000-2022 39dollarglasses.com all rights reserved. accessibility adjustments accessibility statement privacy policy cookie policy site map x warranty type will be determined by the date of contact. all refunds/credits will be issued on date of receipt. returned items must be in original condition in the hard case you received from us. however you may keep any accessories as our free gift. what's your return policy? at 39dollarglasses.com, we offer a 100% worry-free guarantee! our objective is simple: to make sure every customer has a wonderful experience purchasing from us. if you are unhappy for any reason, you may return your eyeglasses for a one-time exchange at no cost or a full store credit for up to 90 days after delivery! we even provide free return shipping! alternatively, you may request a full refund* on your original order if you contact us within 30 days after delivery; shipping charges are non-refundable. (*there are limitations regarding multifocal lenses (progressives and bifocals) and contact lenses. see below for details. here's what you need to know: contact us by phone, live chat or email within 90 days of when your order was delivered. we will happily provide you a return merchandise authorization (rma) number along with a prepaid postage return label (domestic first-class u.s. mail only). your warranty coverage is based off of the date you contact us, and the lens type you ordered (see below for limitations). we cannot process or honor returns without an rma number for a full refund to your original payment method, you must contact us to request an rma within 30 days of the original delivery date. refunds can only be issued after we have received the original merchandise back, and will be issued in line with your warranty coverage and minus any discounts given on the original order. after the original order is remade, subsequent remakes will be assessed a 50% remake fee. refunds requested after a remake is performed will be assessed at 50% of the original order price, or you may request a 50% refund in store credit. remake fees are non-refundable. returned items must be in original condition and in the hard case you received from us. however you may keep any accessories as our free gift. if returning one pair from a buy one get one promotion, the discounted pair is eligible for a full refund or credit. if returning only the full price item we will deduct the amount discounted when issuing a refund or credit.once used, eyebucks are non-refundable. after the initial 30 day period, on any order, your order is refundable in store credit only. on “re-lens” orders using a rimless frame, the custom drilling and mounting fees cannot be refunded. *excluded lenses: multifocal lenses: bifocal and progressive lens orders may be exchanged or remade one time at no cost within the first 90 days after delivery. any changes to an order prior to shipping will count as the allowed free exchange or remake. if a full refund is requested, you have the option of applying it to either your original credit card or your in-store eyebucks account, less a 30% restocking fee. contact lenses: these items may be returned within 60 days of purchase provided they are unopened, undamaged, have not been written on and are in original condition. such returns will receive credit in full. sorry, our manufacturers will not allow us to return opened or otherwise damaged boxes or vials (as described above), so we do not accept them and cannot guarantee their safe return if sent to us in this condition. effective date: 1/23/17 × close modal worry-free warranty warranty type will be determined by the date of postmark. all refunds/credits will be issued on date of receipt. returned items must be in original condition in the hard case you received from us. however you may keep any accessories as our free gift. what's your return policy? at 39dollarglasses.com, we offer a 100% worry-free guarantee! our objective is simple: to make sure every customer has a wonderful experience purchasing from us. if you are unhappy for any reason, you may return your eyeglasses for a one-time exchange at no cost or a full store credit for up to 90 days after delivery! we even provide free return shipping! alternatively, you may request a full refund* on your original order if you return the merchandise within 30 days after delivery; shipping charges are non-refundable. *there are limitations regarding multifocal lenses (progressives and bifocals). see below for details. here's what you need to know: contact us by phone, live chat or email within 90 days of when your order was delivered. we will happily provide you a return merchandise authorization (rma) number along with a prepaid postage return label (domestic first-class u.s. mail only). your warranty coverage is based off of the postmark shown on your returned package, and the lens type you ordered (see below for limitations). we cannot process or honor returns without an rma number. for a full refund to your original payment method, please contact us for an rma and prepaid shipping label. the returned package will need to be postmarked within 30 days of the original delivery date. refunds can only be issued after we have received the original merchandise back, and will be issued in line with your warranty coverage and minus any discounts given on the original order. after the original order is remade, subsequent remakes will be assessed a 50% remake fee. refunds requested after a remake is performed will be assessed at 50% of the original order price, or you may request a 50% refund in store credit. remake fees are non-refundable. returned items must be in original condition and in the hard case you received from us. however, you may keep any accessories as our free gift. if returning one pair from a buy one get one promotion, the discounted pair is eligible for a full refund or credit. if returning only the full price item we will deduct the amount discounted when issuing a refund or credit. once used, eyebucks are non-refundable. after the initial 30 day period, on any order, your order is refundable in store credit only. on “re-lens” orders using a rimless frame, the custom drilling and mounting fees cannot be refunded. if returning a re-lens order, the re-lens handling fee is non-refundable. if returning a 'home try-on' order, the $10 fee charged is only refundable in eyebucks which can be used toward a future order of frames and lenses. * excluded lenses: multifocal lenses: bifocal and progressive lens orders may be exchanged or remade one time at no cost within the first 90 days after delivery. any changes to an order prior to shipping will count as the allowed free exchange or remake. if a full refund is requested, you have the option of applying it to either your original credit card or your in-store eyebucks account, less a 30% restocking fee. effective date: 1/23/17 × close modal sign in e-mail address for signing in password remember me sign in or sign in with google don't have an account yet? forgot your password? first name last name e-mail address for registering password confirm password register or register with google already have an account? please ensure javascript is enabled for purposes of website accessibility