来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20221220170945/https://www.39dollarglasses.com/sunglasses
================================================================================

prescription sunglasses | stylish rx sunglasses from $39 loading opens in a new window worry-free warranty | free return shipping accessibility adjustments worry-free warranty free return shipping accessibility adjustments toggle navigation my account my wishlist my cart shop eyeglasses women men kids new arrivals show all re-lens your frame shop women's eyeglasses view our stylish collection of women’s designs shop now shop men's eyeglasses see all our men’s metal and plastic frames shop now shop kids' eyeglasses check out our durable and adorable children’s frames shop now shop all eyeglasses check out all our sturdy and stylish frames shop now shop new lenses for your old frame send in your frame and we’ll replace your lenses shop now shop new arrivals update your look with this year’s latest styles shop now shop sunglasses women men kids new arrivals show all re-lens your frame shop women's sunglasses look good and protect your eyes with our sunnies shop now shop men's sunglasses protect your eyes with our stylish sunglasses shop now shop kids' sunglasses cute and sturdy styles for some fun in the sun shop now shop all sunglasses look good while protecting your eyes shop now shop new lenses for your old frame send in your frame and we’ll replace your lenses shop now shop new arrivals update your look with this year’s latest styles shop now shop by lens ultimateview™ single vision shop frames for your new lenses ultimateview™ progressive (no-line) premium quality progressives at a great price ultimateview™ lined bifocals choose ft-28 lined bifocals ultimateview™ anti-reflective reduce glare significantly in your every day life ultimateview™ polarized reduce glare with polarized sunglasses transitions® lenses go from clear lenses to sun lenses in seconds crizal® prevencia® shop top quality anti-reflective coating varilux® progressives shop the most trusted name in progressives blue495™ blue light-blocker block harmful blue light neurolux™ soothing glasses fl-41 lenses for headaches workspace™ progressives progressives for computer distance view all our lenses ultimateview™ single vision ultimateview™ progressive (no-line) ultimateview™ lined bifocals ultimateview™ anti-reflective ultimateview™ polarized transitions® lenses crizal® prevencia® varilux® progressives blue495™ blue light-blocker neurolux™ soothing glasses workspace™ progressives view all our lenses shop contacts my account my wishlist my cart 1-800-672-6304 hours of operation:mon-fri 9:00am - 5:00pm (est) faqs & other ways to contact us every pair includes prescription lenses custom crafted in the usa fast production and delivery affordable prescription sunglasses online re-lens your own frames with rx lenses add to home trial add to my wishlist aviator $48.95 gold gold add to home trial add to my wishlist university $48.95 matte black add to my wishlist university $48.95 matte tortoise matte black matte tortoise add to home trial add to my wishlist navigator $48.95 black add to home trial add to my wishlist navigator $48.95 coffee add to home trial add to my wishlist navigator $48.95 gunmetal black coffee gunmetal free shipping on all orders over $99 add to home trial add to my wishlist mason $48.95 black/gray add to home trial add to my wishlist mason $48.95 tortoise/blue black/gray tortoise/blue add to home trial add to my wishlist alpine $48.95 brown add to home trial add to my wishlist alpine $48.95 grey/crystal brown grey/crystal add to home trial add to my wishlist leonardo $48.95 gunmetal gunmetal free shipping on all orders over $99 add to home trial add to my wishlist elwood $53.95 black add to home trial add to my wishlist elwood $53.95 brown black brown add to home trial add to my wishlist bellmore $48.95 black add to home trial add to my wishlist bellmore $48.95 crackle add to home trial add to my wishlist bellmore $48.95 olive black crackle olive add to my wishlist milford $48.95 black add to my wishlist milford $48.95 crystal black crystal free shipping on all orders over $99 add to home trial add to my wishlist aviator 26 $48.95 coffee add to home trial add to my wishlist aviator 26 $48.95 gold add to home trial add to my wishlist aviator 26 $48.95 gunmetal coffee gold gunmetal owned and operated by eye doctors add to home trial add to my wishlist seaview $48.95 black/blue add to home trial add to my wishlist seaview $48.95 tortoise add to home trial add to my wishlist seaview $48.95 black black/blue tortoise black add to home trial add to my wishlist brighton $48.95 demi/black add to home trial add to my wishlist brighton $48.95 demi/purple add to home trial add to my wishlist brighton $48.95 demi/green demi/black demi/purple demi/green add to home trial add to my wishlist houston $48.95 blonde tortoise add to home trial add to my wishlist houston $48.95 black blonde tortoise black add to home trial add to my wishlist durham $48.95 midnight blue add to home trial add to my wishlist durham $48.95 brown midnight blue brown add to home trial add to my wishlist hamilton $48.95 black add to home trial add to my wishlist hamilton $48.95 coffee add to home trial add to my wishlist hamilton $48.95 gunmetal black coffee gunmetal add to home trial add to my wishlist college $53.95 black add to home trial add to my wishlist college $53.95 brown add to home trial add to my wishlist college $53.95 matte tortoise black brown matte tortoise owned and operated by eye doctors add to home trial add to my wishlist academy $48.95 matte black add to home trial add to my wishlist academy $48.95 matte tortoise matte black matte tortoise re-lens your own frame add to home trial add to my wishlist vancouver $48.95 black black add to home trial add to my wishlist bliss $48.95 crystal add to home trial add to my wishlist bliss $48.95 black add to home trial add to my wishlist bliss $48.95 tortoise crystal black tortoise add to home trial add to my wishlist breeze $48.95 crystal crystal add to home trial add to my wishlist ernest hemingway 4610 $68.95 black add to home trial add to my wishlist ernest hemingway 4610 $68.95 honey add to home trial add to my wishlist ernest hemingway 4610 $68.95 tortoise black honey tortoise add to home trial add to my wishlist dublin $58.95 black add to home trial add to my wishlist dublin $58.95 brown add to home trial add to my wishlist dublin $58.95 navy black brown navy add to home trial add to my wishlist oxygen $48.95 matte black add to home trial add to my wishlist oxygen $48.95 matte black/aquagreen add to home trial add to my wishlist oxygen $48.95 matte black/red matte black matte black/aquagreen matte black/red gift card $10.00 - $200.00 email or print gift-card owned and operated by eye doctors price includes prescription lenses add to home trial add to my wishlist stuyvesant $48.95 black add to home trial add to my wishlist stuyvesant $48.95 tortoise black tortoise add to home trial add to my wishlist matsumoto 23 $62.95 black add to home trial add to my wishlist matsumoto 23 $62.95 gunmetal black gunmetal re-lens your own frame add to home trial add to my wishlist ashton $48.95 black add to home trial add to my wishlist ashton $48.95 dark blue add to home trial add to my wishlist ashton $48.95 gold black dark blue gold add to home trial add to my wishlist genova $64.95 gold gold add to home trial add to my wishlist burke $48.95 navy black add to home trial add to my wishlist burke $48.95 crystal black navy black crystal black add to home trial add to my wishlist cove $48.95 teal add to home trial add to my wishlist cove $48.95 blush wine teal blush wine add to home trial add to my wishlist grace $48.95 ruby add to home trial add to my wishlist grace $48.95 black add to home trial add to my wishlist grace $48.95 navy/sky ombre ruby black navy/sky ombre 100% worry-free guarantee add to my wishlist forsyth $58.95 black add to my wishlist forsyth $58.95 brown black brown add to home trial add to my wishlist trento $48.95 black/crystal add to home trial add to my wishlist trento $48.95 brown/crystal black/crystal brown/crystal add to home trial add to my wishlist wisdom $48.95 matte black add to home trial add to my wishlist wisdom $48.95 matte tortoise matte black matte tortoise add to home trial add to my wishlist bailey $62.95 gray/gunmetal gray/gunmetal add to my wishlist rimless aviator $78.95 gold add to my wishlist rimless aviator $78.95 silver add to my wishlist rimless aviator $78.95 gunmetal gold silver gunmetal price includes prescription lenses add to home trial add to my wishlist arthur $48.95 brown add to home trial add to my wishlist arthur $48.95 blue brown blue add to home trial add to my wishlist carlton $48.95 black add to home trial add to my wishlist carlton $48.95 crystal black crystal lenses include uva/uvb protection & scratch resistant coating add to home trial add to my wishlist riverside $48.95 black add to home trial add to my wishlist riverside $48.95 blue add to home trial add to my wishlist riverside $48.95 violet black blue violet re-lens your own frame add to home trial add to my wishlist seattle $48.95 black/crystal add to home trial add to my wishlist seattle $48.95 matte black/green add to home trial add to my wishlist seattle $48.95 black/red add to home trial add to my wishlist seattle $48.95 blue black/crystal matte black/green black/red blue add to home trial add to my wishlist selena $57.95 red violet sparkle add to home trial add to my wishlist selena $57.95 black sparkle red violet sparkle black sparkle add to home trial add to my wishlist montauk $48.95 black/pale aqua add to home trial add to my wishlist montauk $48.95 black/pale pink black/pale aqua black/pale pink add to home trial add to my wishlist mineral $48.95 matte black add to home trial add to my wishlist mineral $48.95 deep purple/matte black matte black deep purple/matte black add to home trial add to my wishlist brookville $48.95 demi amber demi amber add to home trial add to my wishlist warren $48.95 crystal add to home trial add to my wishlist warren $48.95 black add to home trial add to my wishlist warren $48.95 navy crystal black navy fast delivery & free returns add to home trial add to my wishlist fontana $48.95 black/crystal add to home trial add to my wishlist fontana $48.95 brown black/crystal brown 100% worry-free guarantee add to home trial add to my wishlist aero $48.95 navy add to home trial add to my wishlist aero $48.95 gunmetal add to home trial add to my wishlist aero $48.95 black navy gunmetal black add to home trial add to my wishlist everett $48.95 gunmetal add to home trial add to my wishlist everett $48.95 gold gunmetal gold add to home trial add to my wishlist marie claire 6204 $68.95 purple tortoise add to home trial add to my wishlist marie claire 6204 $68.95 red tortoise purple tortoise red tortoise add to home trial add to my wishlist parker $48.95 gunmetal add to home trial add to my wishlist parker $48.95 black add to home trial add to my wishlist parker $48.95 brown gunmetal black brown add to home trial add to my wishlist bristol $48.95 brown add to home trial add to my wishlist bristol $48.95 crystal add to home trial add to my wishlist bristol $48.95 rose brown crystal rose add to home trial add to my wishlist bel air $48.95 black/clear add to home trial add to my wishlist bel air $48.95 pink add to home trial add to my wishlist bel air $48.95 demi/brown black/clear pink demi/brown add to home trial add to my wishlist tate $48.95 matte navy add to home trial add to my wishlist tate $48.95 matte black matte navy matte black add to home trial add to my wishlist portland $48.95 black/crystal add to home trial add to my wishlist portland $48.95 brown/crystal black/crystal brown/crystal price includes prescription lenses add to home trial add to my wishlist entourage $48.95 crystal add to home trial add to my wishlist entourage $48.95 blue/black add to home trial add to my wishlist entourage $48.95 hot pink/black add to home trial add to my wishlist entourage $48.95 black crystal blue/black hot pink/black black add to home trial add to my wishlist vail $48.95 navy/smoke add to home trial add to my wishlist vail $48.95 tortoise add to home trial add to my wishlist vail $48.95 black/yellow navy/smoke tortoise black/yellow lenses include uva/uvb protection & scratch resistant coating add to home trial add to my wishlist brookhaven $48.95 burgundy add to home trial add to my wishlist brookhaven $48.95 blue burgundy blue add to home trial add to my wishlist bella $48.95 sangria add to home trial add to my wishlist bella $48.95 ocean add to home trial add to my wishlist bella $48.95 peach sangria ocean peach add to home trial add to my wishlist dartmouth $48.95 black add to home trial add to my wishlist dartmouth $48.95 coffee add to home trial add to my wishlist dartmouth $48.95 gunmetal black coffee gunmetal add to home trial add to my wishlist prime $55.95 frost/blue add to home trial add to my wishlist prime $55.95 black/demi add to home trial add to my wishlist prime $55.95 red/black frost/blue black/demi red/black quality sunglasses for less protect your vision in style. buy high quality prescription sunglasses online from 39dollarglasses. we offer an extensive selection of prescription shades featuring 100% uv protection. you can enjoy comfortable sunglasses with rx lenses that are custom-crafted in the usa for men, women and children. you’ll also get our total satisfaction guarantee. sunglasses that are precisely made to your prescription keep your eyes healthier and your vision clearer. with rx lenses, you’ll have protection while driving, working or enjoying time outdoors. our frame selection features some of this year’s hottest styles at low prices. every pair of sunglasses we provide comes with scratch resistant lenses. they offer the durability you need for daily wear during a range of activities. select from a variety of frame types and colors. also choose the lens tint you prefer. see our attractive women’s prescription sunglass collection online or our selection of stylish men’s shades. order a complete pair of sunglasses with prescription today, starting at just $39. enjoy the unbeatable combination of high quality and low prices. read more buy prescription sunglasses online bright outdoor light and uncomfortable glare can make fun in the sun a challenge. that’s why we provide sunglasses with prescription lenses. there’s no need to compromise when it comes to clearer vision. while protecting your eyes from ultraviolet rays, our rx lenses in sunglasses will also make a fun, bold or classic fashion statement. we have the most popular looks in women’s, kids’ and men’s sunglasses available in a full range of shapes. you’re sure to find frames to flatter your face and looks you can’t wait to wear. searching for a lightweight yet durable metal frame? take a look at our selection of bendable titanium sunglasses. want a vintage-inspired look that will be remembered? consider our cat-eye styles. browse our collections of prescription sunglasses featuring traditional and contemporary designs. whichever pair you choose, you’ll get our best-selling sunglasses with a worry-free guarantee. shop now and save up to 70% off retail prices. read more frequently asked questions are prescription sunglasses better? if you have a separate pair of sunglasses and prescription eyeglasses that you alternate throughout the day, you might consider getting an all-in-one pair of prescription sunglasses. still, a lot of people wonder: are prescription sunglasses better? at 39dg, you can have the best of both worlds with a great pair of quality prescription sunglass lenses. with a wide variety of shade options to choose from – like transition lenses, polarized coating, and colorful gradient tint choices – you can look stylish, protect your eyes, and enjoy crystal clear vision at the same time. all without needing to keep track of two different pairs of glasses. all eyewear purchased at 39dollarglasses comes fully equipped with scratch-resistant coating and 100% uva/uvb protection so you can have a high-quality pair of prescription sunglasses or transition lenses that are built to last. the best part? at 39dg frames start at just $39, so you can always find a great pair of glasses to fit your personal style and budget. what sunglasses can be fitted with prescription lenses? when looking for prescription sunglasses online, you might be curious about what sunglasses can be fitted with prescription lenses.  have a favorite pair of rx sunglasses you want re-lensed? found a great sunglasses frame you want to be fitted with your prescription? we can help. when using our lens replacement program, simply mail in your favorite pair of sunglasses or rx sunglasses to get a lens upgrade in just 3 easy steps. our dedicated team of trained opticians at 39dollarglasses makes it easy to have your favorite frames fitted with prescription lenses. plus, our lens replacement program is available at the same discounted cost as our regular prescription lenses and frames. plus, you can choose from an array of great add-ons like different lens types, coating options, and gradient tint colors to customize your frames to fit your tastes and your rx sunglass needs. re-lensing your favorite pair of sunglasses with the 39dg lens replacement program is simple: describe your frame (material, color, shape, unique attributes)enter (or upload) your rx and choose a lens packageplace your order and send your frame for re-lensingwe handle all frames with care, however, if the frame isn’t in great condition or if we’re unable to replace your lenses for any reason, we will notify you, cancel your order, and issue a full refund. does insurance cover prescription sunglasses? at 39dollarglasses, you can find a range of us-made and expertly crafted sunglasses, rx glasses,  or prescription sunglasses to fit any personal style and budget. buying with 39dg makes it easy to buy your next high-quality pair of prescription glasses or rx sunglasses online at prices as low as 70% below retail costs. but does insurance cover prescription sunglasses too? depending on your health insurance provider, you may be eligible for exclusive savings from your flexible spending account or other eye doctor insurance plans. if you have an eye prescription, you could be eligible for fsa funds to help you pay for prescription sunglasses, regular prescription glasses, and more. to be eligible, you need to obtain a recent prescription from your doctor or optometrist. the prescription must be for correcting vision problems or for another medical condition where corrective lenses are needed.fsa accounts are usually funded by your employer. for details about your company’s fsa or eye insurance policies, including how to sign up, ask your employer or visit healthcare.gov for more information. can any sunglasses be made prescription? at 39dollarglasses.com, it only takes 3-steps to turn your favorite sunglasses into a quality pair of rx sunglasses. but can any sunglasses be made prescription? in most cases, you can simply fit your favorite sunglass frames with prescription lenses. however, there are some limitations depending on the frame styles and overall shape and size of your prescription sunglass frames. for example, the quality of your frames is an important factor in whether or not your sunglasses can be made prescription. for example, if the frames are older or very damaged, they may not be durable enough to support your prescription lenses for very long. likewise, certain fashion sunglasses with unusual frame styles can be hard to create an accurate fit for your prescription lenses. all in all, most sunglass frame styles can be made into prescription lenses. the best way to know if your frames are eligible is to order new lenses with the “re-lens your frames”  program at 39dollarglasses.com. the ordering process is quick and hassle-free. however, if the frames aren’t in the right condition or if we’re unable to replace your lenses for any reason, we will notify you, cancel your order, and issue a full refund to you – 100% worry-free. can you get polarized prescription sunglasses? can prescription sunglasses be polarized? yes – -and your eyes will thank you for it, too! polarized lenses are a great lens option that will help to safeguard your eye health from environmental factors like exposure to uv light and glare from the sun.at 39dollarglasses.com, all of our prescription sunglasses are already fitted with standard 100% uva/uvb solar protection--but our ultimateview™ polarized lenses are a must-have lensing option you can select while building your new shades.our polarized lenses are carefully treated with a fine chemical filter, allowing them to prevent reflective light penetration into your eyes. these reflective glares are ultra-bright light beams that bounce off of surfaces with a higher intensity which can cause significant damage to your eyes over time. you might have noticed this type of glare on bright sunny days near water, on sidewalks, and on roads.  polarized lenses cancel these beams out to help you see more clearly while reducing glare. plus, they give your existing uv-protected rx sunglass lenses an added touch of luxury while allowing you to see more clearly in any sunny environment. how much does it cost for prescription sunglasses? how much does it cost for prescription sunglasses online—without sacrificing dependable retail quality? we believe having quality eyeglasses and prescription sunglasses for vision correction is a basic necessity, not a luxury. with 39dollarglasses, ordering prescription glasses online is easy and hassle-free. discover the high-quality prescription frames and lensing options offered on 39dg for just a fraction of the cost of similar places like the lenscrafters store and other big-name retailers. what’s more, you can find all the most fashionable and premium-quality frame styles similar to major brands like ray-bans and oakley frames. shop for a complete set of eyewear and choose from our range of quality frame designs and specialty lensing options. select from our custom options including lens types like progressive or single vision, quality frame designs, and specialty options like photochromatic lenses and polarized lenses – all for as low as 39 dollars. will insurance cover prescription sunglasses? ordering prescription glasses is easy when you shop with 39dollarglasses.com. depending on your health insurance provider, you may be eligible for exclusive savings from your flexible spending account or other eye doctor insurance plans. if you have an eye prescription, you could be eligible for fsa funds to help you pay for prescription sunglasses, regular prescription glasses, and more. to be eligible, you need to obtain a recent prescription from your doctor or optometrist. the prescription must be for correcting vision problems or for another medical condition where corrective lenses are needed. fsa accounts are usually funded by your employer. for details about your company’s fsa or eye insurance policies, including how to sign up, ask your employer or visit healthcare.gov for more information. additionally, most vision insurance plans have some form of coverage when it comes to ordering prescription glasses and prescription sunglasses online. contact your health insurance provider or vision insurance provider for more information. can you wear prescription sunglasses while driving? can you wear prescription sunglasses while driving? yes you can! in fact, sunglasses that are precisely made for your prescription keep your eyes safe from glare and the sun’s harmful uv rays while also keeping your vision clear and healthy on the road. with this eyewear combination of rx shades, you’ll have vision protection while driving, working, or while enjoying time exploring in the great outdoors. however, for those who frequently drive in low-light conditions or at night, a pair of prescription transitions lenses or gradient tints may be the more suitable option for your everyday eyewear needs.   at 39dg, you can choose from a variety of classic styles and frame upgrades to fit all of your prescription sunglass needs. choose from a wide range of lens styles and coating options to design the perfect pair of prescription sunglasses that work for you. at 39dollarglasses.com, we offer the same premium designer framing and lensing options as the brick and mortar stores for only a fraction of the cost. when you buy custom prescription sunglasses online at 39dollarglasses, you know you’re getting the best deal on a premium pair of prescription sunglasses. is it illegal to wear sunglasses while driving overnight? wearing prescription sunglasses while driving is a practical and smart eyewear choice, but is it illegal to wear sunglasses while driving overnight? wearing any kind of sunglasses in low-light conditions is not advised and may be especially dangerous while driving at night. however, like with most things that are medical in nature, one size doesn’t necessarily fit all. so, whether you can drive with your sunglasses at night largely depends on your personal eyewear and prescription needs discussed by your and your doctor. depending on the type of shades in question, some styles and tinting options may actually cut down on glare from streetlights and oncoming traffic and may improve natural night-vision. for example, if you wear polarized or photochromatic lenses with a low lens tint of over 75% light transmission, you may improve your night vision and cut glare from traffic and lights. additionally, some individuals with certain eye conditions may need to wear transition lenses or prescription sunglasses everyday as advised by their eye doctor. at 39dollarglasses, we have a great pair of prescription or regular sunglasses for everyone. all of our lenses come with anti-glare and ar coating options so you can protect your eyes from eye strain and sun damage. choose from different tint colors and options like our gradient tints, blue-light-blocking, and polarized coating options to virtually eliminate headlight and streetlight glare and make night driving much easier. are prescription sunglasses a thing? these days, you can find almost anything online in just a few clicks. if you wear a pair of sunglasses while also using a normal prescription pair for sight correction, you might be thinking: “are prescription sunglasses a thing?”  the good news is that buying a pair of high-quality premium prescription sunglasses to protect your eyes from the sun and help you enjoy crystal-clear vision has never been easier. with all the online prescription eyeglass retailers out there though, it can be hard to choose which brands to trust with your prescription eyewear needs. at 39dg, we believe your eyesight isn’t something you should have to take blind chances on. that's why when you trust 39dollarglasses.com with crafting your perfect pair of prescription eyeglasses, you can enjoy the peace of mind that comes with our 100% worry-free guarantee and our virtual try-on option. 39dg offers designer-quality custom-crafted prescription glasses and sunglasses expertly assembled in our usa-based lab. when you trust our team of trained eye specialists with your eyes, you can enjoy designer-quality frames and lenses for a fraction of the cost compared to retail locations.  whether you’re browsing for prescription sports glasses, safety glasses, sunglasses, reading glasses, or computer glasses: there’s a great deal waiting for you at 39dollarglasses.com should i get transition lenses or prescription sunglasses? if you wear one pair of rx glasses to see and another pair of sunglasses for outdoor use, transition lenses may be the perfect prescription lens option for you. many people find that keeping track of two different pairs of glasses is a nuisance. transitions® lenses are a hassle-free solution that makes the problem of switching between prescription glasses and sunglasses a thing of the past.   transitions® glasses are essentially prescription glasses that turn into sunglasses when exposed to the sun. they are crafted using a special lens types that automatically darken in the sun and lighten while inside. this means you’ll get double the everyday wear out of the lens.  at 39dg, you can even select from different lens colors, tint intensity levels, and gradient options for total customizability of your new rx shades. some people wonder whether they should get transition lenses or prescription lenses? if you want to protect your eyes from the sun without switching between pairs of sunglasses and rx pairs throughout the day, transition prescription lenses are for you. is it bad to wear prescription sunglasses with contacts? depending on your prescription, you may be able to wear prescription sunglasses with contact lenses without experiencing eye strain due to overcorrected vision. in some cases, it is okay for you to wear both rx sunglass lenses and contact lenses when your sight correction needs are not very severe or if your doctor recommends that you do so.for example, if you wear contacts for farsightedness (hyperopia) and you wear reading glasses for nearsightedness (myopia) it might be normal for you to switch between pairs of glasses at different times of the day. you may also come across other situations where you want to wear sunglasses while driving, for example, but you don’t want to take out your contacts. so is it bad to wear prescription sunglasses with contact lenses? it depends on your vision correction needs. at the end of the day, whether you can wear prescription sunglasses with your contacts without experiencing further damage or eye strain is very patient-specific and largely depends on your prescription strength as well as a number of other factors. if you are not sure whether you can wear prescription sunglasses with contacts or not, it’s best to consult your optometrist. how do you know what size prescription sunglasses to get? 39dollarglasses has a pair of stylish, durable, designer-quality prescription sunglasses for everyone, but how do you know what size prescription sunglasses to get? when determining which size sunglasses to buy, there are a few things to consider to ensure you get the best fit. shop by face shape: finding an appropriately sized frame is simple when you know what face shape you have. whether your face shape is oval, heart, square, round, triangle, diamond, or oblong, we have frame styles that will fit any style. match frames with your pd (pupillary distance): pupillary distance (pd) is quite simply the distance between your two pupils. your pd allows an optician to properly position your lenses within a frame of your choice in order for you to see. typically, most adults have pds between 55-65 mm. for kids, pds are usually between 42-54 mm. when shopping for prescription sunglass frames, using your pd and face shape can be a good indicator of which frame styles will fit you best. are you in-between face shapes or just can’t decide on your favorite frame styles? no problem! try our home try-on service, hassle-free. simply choose up to five frames to try at home for only $9.95. keep the frames you like and send back the ones you don’t. it’s that simple! the $9.95 is credited to your account to use towards your 39dg order. plus, we even pay for the return shipping of the frames you don’t want so you can be sure to get a perfect pair of prescription eyewear that fits your rx and your style. should i wear prescription sunglasses? if you want to have crisp, clear vision while also protecting your eyes from the sun – prescription sunglasses are a practical, sensible, and stylish choice for everyday protective eyewear. prescription sunglasses combine the benefits of regular prescription glasses and sunglasses into one pair so you can see clearly and enjoy high-sun conditions while avoiding further damage due to uv rays, glare, and eye strain. there are many reasons people choose prescription sunglasses:available for most rx strengthssee more clearly while avoiding eye strain from squinting100% uva/uvb protection and anti-glare to protect eyes from harmful uv rays all-in-one everyday wear to prevent switching between glasses or layering pairsdrive more safely and see more clearlyselecting a pair of prescription sunglasses is easy when you shop with 39dollarglasses. there are hundreds of frame styles, lens options, and coating options to help you build your new go-to pair of designer-quality prescription sunglasses. can you buy prescription sunglasses? it seems you can buy almost anything online these days, but can you buy prescription sunglasses? if you know your rx strength and pd, you’re just a few clicks away from crafting your new go-to pair of high-quality rx sunglasses on 39dg. to get started, simply enter your prescription strength, lens type, plus any custom options you want to add. you can even try out your new shades using our easy-to-use exactfit™ virtual technology or home try-on service. that way you can see exactly how your new specs will look on you before you decide to buy them. our dedicated team of skilled, devoted, and professional eye doctors uses the same high-quality materials as more expensive retail options—but at a much more affordable cost to you. plus, with free return shipping and our worry-free warranty, you can feel more than confident when purchasing your new pair of prescription sunglasses online. do prescription sunglasses cost more? we believe access to quality eye care is an important part of maintaining a good balance in overall health. at 39dollarglasses, our glasses begin at the low cost of just 39 dollars for both prescription and non-prescription eyeglasses and sunglasses. whether you like to wear non-prescription fashion glasses or prescription sunglasses to see better while driving, we have a perfect pair for you. but do prescription sunglasses cost more? how much does it cost to purchase your ultimate pair of custom prescription sunglasses online? at 39dollarglasses, our glasses begin at the low cost of just 39 dollars. we have a frame and lens option for every individual style and budget for up to 70% below normal retail prices. we’re able to offer low-cost professionally prepared prescription glasses because all of our eyewear is custom crafted in our lab located in long island, new york. this way, we don’t have to worry about retail overheads or expensive displays and we can pass these savings on to you! when you shop for prescription sunglasses online at 39dollarglasses, we offer custom-made eyewear with prescription lenses starting at only $39 per pair without sacrificing style or quality. need help? visit our faq. call us 1-631-816-2200 email us click here to email us our calling hours are: monday - friday 9:00am - 5:00pm (est) call us directly at: 1-631-816-2200 toll free within the us 1-800-672-6304 ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ 4.8 stars on shopperapproved 18,657 customer ratings and reviews 4.8 star star icons 4.8 overall star rating help contact us help center create an account sign in lens price list about us shipping options free returns vision insurance social responsibility resources about your pd about your prescription about our frames alphapointe blog resources styles and trends our instagram our facebook our twitter our pinterest our youtube channel programs customer rewards affiliate program referral program military discount first responder discount teacher's discount gift card home trial our brands monday - friday 9:00am - 5:00pm (est) 1-631-816-2200 toll free within the us 1-800-672-6304 our instagram our facebook our twitter our pinterest our youtube channel contact us sign in create an account contact us sign in create an account help go to the help page through dropdown on desktop help center lens price list about us shipping options free returns vision insurance social responsibility help go to the help page through dropdown on mobile help center lens price list about us shipping options free returns vision insurance social responsibility resources go to the resources page through dropdown on desktop about your pd about your prescription about our frames alphapointe blog resources styles and trends resources go to the resources page through dropdown on mobile about your pd about your prescription about our frames alphapointe blog resources styles and trends programs go to the programs page through dropdown on desktop customer rewards affiliate program referral program military discount first responder discount teacher's discount gift card home trial programs go to the programs page through dropdown on mobile customer rewards affiliate program referral program military discount first responder discount teacher's discount gift card home trial ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ 4.8 stars on shopperapproved 18,657 customer ratings and reviews 4.8 star star icons 4.8 overall star rating ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ 4.8 stars on shopperapproved 18,657 customer ratings and reviews 4.8 star star icons 4.8 overall star rating our instagram our facebook our twitter our pinterest our youtube channel our brands help center © 2000-2023 39dollarglasses.com all rights reserved. accessibility adjustments accessibility statement privacy policy cookie policy site map x warranty type will be determined by the date of contact. all refunds/credits will be issued on date of receipt. returned items must be in original condition in the hard case you received from us. however you may keep any accessories as our free gift. what's your return policy? at 39dollarglasses.com, we offer a 100% worry-free guarantee! our objective is simple: to make sure every customer has a wonderful experience purchasing from us. if you are unhappy for any reason, you may return your eyeglasses for a one-time exchange at no cost or a full store credit for up to 90 days after delivery! we even provide free return shipping! alternatively, you may request a full refund* on your original order if you contact us within 30 days after delivery; shipping charges are non-refundable. (*there are limitations regarding multifocal lenses (progressives and bifocals) and contact lenses. see below for details. here's what you need to know: contact us by phone, live chat or email within 90 days of when your order was delivered. we will happily provide you a return merchandise authorization (rma) number along with a prepaid postage return label (domestic first-class u.s. mail only). your warranty coverage is based off of the date you contact us, and the lens type you ordered (see below for limitations). we cannot process or honor returns without an rma number for a full refund to your original payment method, you must contact us to request an rma within 30 days of the original delivery date. refunds can only be issued after we have received the original merchandise back, and will be issued in line with your warranty coverage and minus any discounts given on the original order. after the original order is remade, subsequent remakes will be assessed a 50% remake fee. refunds requested after a remake is performed will be assessed at 50% of the original order price, or you may request a 50% refund in store credit. remake fees are non-refundable. returned items must be in original condition and in the hard case you received from us. however you may keep any accessories as our free gift. if returning one pair from a buy one get one promotion, the discounted pair is eligible for a full refund or credit. if returning only the full price item we will deduct the amount discounted when issuing a refund or credit.once used, eyebucks are non-refundable. after the initial 30 day period, on any order, your order is refundable in store credit only. on “re-lens” orders using a rimless frame, the custom drilling and mounting fees cannot be refunded. *excluded lenses: multifocal lenses: bifocal and progressive lens orders may be exchanged or remade one time at no cost within the first 90 days after delivery. any changes to an order prior to shipping will count as the allowed free exchange or remake. if a full refund is requested, you have the option of applying it to either your original credit card or your in-store eyebucks account, less a 30% restocking fee. contact lenses: these items may be returned within 60 days of purchase provided they are unopened, undamaged, have not been written on and are in original condition. such returns will receive credit in full. sorry, our manufacturers will not allow us to return opened or otherwise damaged boxes or vials (as described above), so we do not accept them and cannot guarantee their safe return if sent to us in this condition. effective date: 1/23/17 × close modal worry-free warranty warranty type will be determined by the date of postmark. all refunds/credits will be issued on date of receipt. returned items must be in original condition in the hard case you received from us. however you may keep any accessories as our free gift. what's your return policy? at 39dollarglasses.com, we offer a 100% worry-free guarantee! our objective is simple: to make sure every customer has a wonderful experience purchasing from us. if you are unhappy for any reason, you may return your eyeglasses for a one-time exchange at no cost or a full store credit for up to 90 days after delivery! we even provide free return shipping! alternatively, you may request a full refund* on your original order if you return the merchandise within 30 days after delivery; shipping charges are non-refundable. *there are limitations regarding multifocal lenses (progressives and bifocals). see below for details. here's what you need to know: contact us by phone, live chat or email within 90 days of when your order was delivered. we will happily provide you a return merchandise authorization (rma) number along with a prepaid postage return label (domestic first-class u.s. mail only). your warranty coverage is based off of the postmark shown on your returned package, and the lens type you ordered (see below for limitations). we cannot process or honor returns without an rma number. for a full refund to your original payment method, please contact us for an rma and prepaid shipping label. the returned package will need to be postmarked within 30 days of the original delivery date. refunds can only be issued after we have received the original merchandise back, and will be issued in line with your warranty coverage and minus any discounts given on the original order. after the original order is remade, subsequent remakes will be assessed a 50% remake fee. refunds requested after a remake is performed will be assessed at 50% of the original order price, or you may request a 50% refund in store credit. remake fees are non-refundable. returned items must be in original condition and in the hard case you received from us. however, you may keep any accessories as our free gift. if returning one pair from a buy one get one promotion, the discounted pair is eligible for a full refund or credit. if returning only the full price item we will deduct the amount discounted when issuing a refund or credit. once used, eyebucks are non-refundable. after the initial 30 day period, on any order, your order is refundable in store credit only. on “re-lens” orders using a rimless frame, the custom drilling and mounting fees cannot be refunded. if returning a re-lens order, the re-lens handling fee is non-refundable. if returning a 'home try-on' order, the $10 fee charged is only refundable in eyebucks which can be used toward a future order of frames and lenses. * excluded lenses: multifocal lenses: bifocal and progressive lens orders may be exchanged or remade one time at no cost within the first 90 days after delivery. any changes to an order prior to shipping will count as the allowed free exchange or remake. if a full refund is requested, you have the option of applying it to either your original credit card or your in-store eyebucks account, less a 30% restocking fee. effective date: 1/23/17 × close modal sign in e-mail address for signing in password remember me sign in or sign in with google don't have an account yet? forgot your password? first name last name e-mail address for registering password confirm password register or register with google already have an account? please ensure javascript is enabled for purposes of website accessibility you have already selected the maximum 5 frames for home trial. please remove one selected frame to add a new one. got it keeping your re-lens pair separate will allow us to process each order more efficiently please complete your re-lens order first or save it for later in order to add items for home trial got it at this time home trial is only available in the usa. got it