来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20221220170945/https://www.39dollarglasses.com/special-discounts/first-responder
================================================================================

first responders discount on glasses | 20% off glasses for first responders loading opens in a new window worry-free warranty | free return shipping accessibility adjustments worry-free warranty free return shipping accessibility adjustments toggle navigation my account my wishlist my cart shop eyeglasses women men kids new arrivals show all re-lens your frame shop women's eyeglasses view our stylish collection of women’s designs shop now shop men's eyeglasses see all our men’s metal and plastic frames shop now shop kids' eyeglasses check out our durable and adorable children’s frames shop now shop all eyeglasses check out all our sturdy and stylish frames shop now shop new lenses for your old frame send in your frame and we’ll replace your lenses shop now shop new arrivals update your look with this year’s latest styles shop now shop sunglasses women men kids new arrivals show all re-lens your frame shop women's sunglasses look good and protect your eyes with our sunnies shop now shop men's sunglasses protect your eyes with our stylish sunglasses shop now shop kids' sunglasses cute and sturdy styles for some fun in the sun shop now shop all sunglasses look good while protecting your eyes shop now shop new lenses for your old frame send in your frame and we’ll replace your lenses shop now shop new arrivals update your look with this year’s latest styles shop now shop by lens ultimateview™ single vision shop frames for your new lenses ultimateview™ progressive (no-line) premium quality progressives at a great price ultimateview™ lined bifocals choose ft-28 lined bifocals ultimateview™ anti-reflective reduce glare significantly in your every day life ultimateview™ polarized reduce glare with polarized sunglasses transitions® lenses go from clear lenses to sun lenses in seconds crizal® prevencia® shop top quality anti-reflective coating varilux® progressives shop the most trusted name in progressives blue495™ blue light-blocker block harmful blue light neurolux™ soothing glasses fl-41 lenses for headaches workspace™ progressives progressives for computer distance view all our lenses ultimateview™ single vision ultimateview™ progressive (no-line) ultimateview™ lined bifocals ultimateview™ anti-reflective ultimateview™ polarized transitions® lenses crizal® prevencia® varilux® progressives blue495™ blue light-blocker neurolux™ soothing glasses workspace™ progressives view all our lenses shop contacts my account my wishlist my cart 1-800-672-6304 hours of operation:mon-fri 9:00am - 5:00pm (est) faqs & other ways to contact us first responders discount get 20% off your entire purchase of prescription eyeglasses or sunglasses verify my first responder status custom crafted in the usa fast delivery and free returns owned by eye doctors 100% worry free guarantee × close modal custom crafted in the usa all of our frames and lenses are customized and assembled in our optical lab located in long island, ny. they go through a rigorous quality assurance process at the end of production to ensure that every customer gets the highest quality prescription eyeglasses and sunglasses. × close modal fast delivery and free returns with our quick production time and various shipping options, most orders are shipped and delivered within a week from the order date. for returns, contact us within 30 days of receiving your order and we will happily provide you with a prepaid shipping label to send your order back to us. × close modal owned by eye doctors 39dollarglasses.com was developed by eye doctors to create an inexpensive method for people to acquire high-quality, finished prescription eyeglasses and sunglasses. from their experience in both pirate offices and retail establishments, the founders decided they could provide this service for people inexpensively, by bypassing expensive retail establishments. × close modal 100% worry free guarantee our objective is simple: to make sure every customer has a wonderful experience purchasing from us. if you are unhappy for any reason, you may return your eyeglasses for a one-time exchange at no cost or a full store credit for up to 90 days after delivery! alternatively, you may request a full refund* on your original order if you return the merchandise within 30 days after delivery. *not applicable on excluded lenses. for more details click here. we value you! we are honored to offer a first responder discount on prescription eyeglasses and sunglasses to every eligible first responder. active first responders are eligible for 20% off their eyewear order. we are honored to offer a first responder discount on prescription eyeglasses and sunglasses to every eligible first responder. active first responders are eligible for 20% off their eyewear order. to take advantage of this discount, all you need to do is verify your eligibility, and then you can browse the extensive selection of affordable frames, lens types, and lens coatings available online from 39dollarglasses. it’s as easy as 1, 2, 3 step 1: choose the frame style and color step 2: enter or upload the prescription step 3: place your order who we are 39dollarglasses was started by two eye doctors over 20 years ago. we are an american company that strongly believes in giving back to our community. we’re located in long island, ny where our optical lab and customer service facility is located. how it works to take advantage of this discount, all you need to do is verify your eligibility, and then browse the extensive selection of affordable frames, lens types, and lens coatings available online from 39dollarglasses. verification process upon verifying your credentials we will apply the discount to your account. we utilize secure encryption technology and verify all documents with our dedicated, new york based specialists. we do not share any of your information with any third parties, and all documents are permanently deleted after verification. unlock our first responder offer verify you're a first responder how does verifying work? please sign in or register to start the verification process. sign in or register 39dollarglasses is an american-based company, producing all of our prescription eyeglasses and sunglasses here in the u.s.a. on behalf of our team, we thank first responders for their service. we are honored to offer a first responder discount on prescription eyeglasses and sunglasses to every eligible first responder. active first responders are eligible for 20% off their eyewear order. to take advantage of this discount, all you need to do is verify your eligibility, and then you can browse the extensive selection of affordable frames, lens types, and lens coatings available online from 39dollarglasses. take advantage of our first responder discount today and find your perfect pair of prescription glasses. × close modal how does verifying work? we are proud to offer a 20% discount to all active first responders. to verify, you may choose from any one of the methods below. upon verifying your credentials we will apply the discount to your account. we utilize secure encryption technology and verify all documents with our dedicated, new york based specialists. we do not share any of your information with any third parties, and all documents are permanently deleted after verification. please upload any one of the following methods of verification:emts & paramedics can use a state license, certification issued within the past 36 months, a pay stub that shows their occupational title, or an id card with their name and title on it.firefighters can use an id card with their name and title on it, certification issued within the past 36 months, or pay stub that shows their occupation.law enforcement officers can use a valid id card that states their name and title, a pay stub that shows their occupation, or a certification issued within the past 36 months.please note: any document uploaded should only show your name, the organization, and your title. you may cover all other information with your hand or a piece of paper before uploading a picture. need help? visit our faq. call us 1-631-816-2200 email us click here to email us our calling hours are: monday - friday 9:00am - 5:00pm (est) call us directly at: 1-631-816-2200 toll free within the us 1-800-672-6304 ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ 4.8 stars on shopperapproved 17,645 customer ratings and reviews 4.8 star star icons 4.8 overall star rating help contact us help center create an account sign in lens price list about us shipping options free returns vision insurance social responsibility resources about your pd about your prescription about our frames alphapointe blog resources styles and trends our instagram our facebook our twitter our pinterest our youtube channel programs customer rewards affiliate program referral program military discount first responder discount teacher's discount home trial our brands monday - friday 9:00am - 5:00pm (est) 1-631-816-2200 toll free within the us 1-800-672-6304 our instagram our facebook our twitter our pinterest our youtube channel contact us sign in create an account contact us sign in create an account help go to the help page through dropdown on desktop help center lens price list about us shipping options free returns vision insurance social responsibility help go to the help page through dropdown on mobile help center lens price list about us shipping options free returns vision insurance social responsibility resources go to the resources page through dropdown on desktop about your pd about your prescription about our frames alphapointe blog resources styles and trends resources go to the resources page through dropdown on mobile about your pd about your prescription about our frames alphapointe blog resources styles and trends programs go to the programs page through dropdown on desktop customer rewards affiliate program referral program military discount first responder discount teacher's discount home trial programs go to the programs page through dropdown on mobile customer rewards affiliate program referral program military discount first responder discount teacher's discount home trial ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ 4.8 stars on shopperapproved 17,645 customer ratings and reviews 4.8 star star icons 4.8 overall star rating ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ 4.8 stars on shopperapproved 17,645 customer ratings and reviews 4.8 star star icons 4.8 overall star rating our instagram our facebook our twitter our pinterest our youtube channel our brands help center © 2000-2022 39dollarglasses.com all rights reserved. accessibility adjustments accessibility statement privacy policy cookie policy site map x warranty type will be determined by the date of contact. all refunds/credits will be issued on date of receipt. returned items must be in original condition in the hard case you received from us. however you may keep any accessories as our free gift. what's your return policy? at 39dollarglasses.com, we offer a 100% worry-free guarantee! our objective is simple: to make sure every customer has a wonderful experience purchasing from us. if you are unhappy for any reason, you may return your eyeglasses for a one-time exchange at no cost or a full store credit for up to 90 days after delivery! we even provide free return shipping! alternatively, you may request a full refund* on your original order if you contact us within 30 days after delivery; shipping charges are non-refundable. (*there are limitations regarding multifocal lenses (progressives and bifocals) and contact lenses. see below for details. here's what you need to know: contact us by phone, live chat or email within 90 days of when your order was delivered. we will happily provide you a return merchandise authorization (rma) number along with a prepaid postage return label (domestic first-class u.s. mail only). your warranty coverage is based off of the date you contact us, and the lens type you ordered (see below for limitations). we cannot process or honor returns without an rma number for a full refund to your original payment method, you must contact us to request an rma within 30 days of the original delivery date. refunds can only be issued after we have received the original merchandise back, and will be issued in line with your warranty coverage and minus any discounts given on the original order. after the original order is remade, subsequent remakes will be assessed a 50% remake fee. refunds requested after a remake is performed will be assessed at 50% of the original order price, or you may request a 50% refund in store credit. remake fees are non-refundable. returned items must be in original condition and in the hard case you received from us. however you may keep any accessories as our free gift. if returning one pair from a buy one get one promotion, the discounted pair is eligible for a full refund or credit. if returning only the full price item we will deduct the amount discounted when issuing a refund or credit.once used, eyebucks are non-refundable. after the initial 30 day period, on any order, your order is refundable in store credit only. on “re-lens” orders using a rimless frame, the custom drilling and mounting fees cannot be refunded. *excluded lenses: multifocal lenses: bifocal and progressive lens orders may be exchanged or remade one time at no cost within the first 90 days after delivery. any changes to an order prior to shipping will count as the allowed free exchange or remake. if a full refund is requested, you have the option of applying it to either your original credit card or your in-store eyebucks account, less a 30% restocking fee. contact lenses: these items may be returned within 60 days of purchase provided they are unopened, undamaged, have not been written on and are in original condition. such returns will receive credit in full. sorry, our manufacturers will not allow us to return opened or otherwise damaged boxes or vials (as described above), so we do not accept them and cannot guarantee their safe return if sent to us in this condition. effective date: 1/23/17 × close modal worry-free warranty warranty type will be determined by the date of postmark. all refunds/credits will be issued on date of receipt. returned items must be in original condition in the hard case you received from us. however you may keep any accessories as our free gift. what's your return policy? at 39dollarglasses.com, we offer a 100% worry-free guarantee! our objective is simple: to make sure every customer has a wonderful experience purchasing from us. if you are unhappy for any reason, you may return your eyeglasses for a one-time exchange at no cost or a full store credit for up to 90 days after delivery! we even provide free return shipping! alternatively, you may request a full refund* on your original order if you return the merchandise within 30 days after delivery; shipping charges are non-refundable. *there are limitations regarding multifocal lenses (progressives and bifocals). see below for details. here's what you need to know: contact us by phone, live chat or email within 90 days of when your order was delivered. we will happily provide you a return merchandise authorization (rma) number along with a prepaid postage return label (domestic first-class u.s. mail only). your warranty coverage is based off of the postmark shown on your returned package, and the lens type you ordered (see below for limitations). we cannot process or honor returns without an rma number. for a full refund to your original payment method, please contact us for an rma and prepaid shipping label. the returned package will need to be postmarked within 30 days of the original delivery date. refunds can only be issued after we have received the original merchandise back, and will be issued in line with your warranty coverage and minus any discounts given on the original order. after the original order is remade, subsequent remakes will be assessed a 50% remake fee. refunds requested after a remake is performed will be assessed at 50% of the original order price, or you may request a 50% refund in store credit. remake fees are non-refundable. returned items must be in original condition and in the hard case you received from us. however, you may keep any accessories as our free gift. if returning one pair from a buy one get one promotion, the discounted pair is eligible for a full refund or credit. if returning only the full price item we will deduct the amount discounted when issuing a refund or credit. once used, eyebucks are non-refundable. after the initial 30 day period, on any order, your order is refundable in store credit only. on “re-lens” orders using a rimless frame, the custom drilling and mounting fees cannot be refunded. if returning a re-lens order, the re-lens handling fee is non-refundable. if returning a 'home try-on' order, the $10 fee charged is only refundable in eyebucks which can be used toward a future order of frames and lenses. * excluded lenses: multifocal lenses: bifocal and progressive lens orders may be exchanged or remade one time at no cost within the first 90 days after delivery. any changes to an order prior to shipping will count as the allowed free exchange or remake. if a full refund is requested, you have the option of applying it to either your original credit card or your in-store eyebucks account, less a 30% restocking fee. effective date: 1/23/17 × close modal sign in e-mail address for signing in password remember me sign in or sign in with google don't have an account yet? forgot your password? first name last name e-mail address for registering password confirm password register or register with google already have an account? please ensure javascript is enabled for purposes of website accessibility