来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20221220170945/https://www.39dollarglasses.com/eyeglasses
================================================================================

buy prescription glasses online from $39dollar glasses loading opens in a new window worry-free warranty | free return shipping accessibility adjustments worry-free warranty free return shipping accessibility adjustments toggle navigation my account my wishlist my cart shop eyeglasses women men kids new arrivals show all re-lens your frame shop women's eyeglasses view our stylish collection of women’s designs shop now shop men's eyeglasses see all our men’s metal and plastic frames shop now shop kids' eyeglasses check out our durable and adorable children’s frames shop now shop all eyeglasses check out all our sturdy and stylish frames shop now shop new lenses for your old frame send in your frame and we’ll replace your lenses shop now shop new arrivals update your look with this year’s latest styles shop now shop sunglasses women men kids new arrivals show all re-lens your frame shop women's sunglasses look good and protect your eyes with our sunnies shop now shop men's sunglasses protect your eyes with our stylish sunglasses shop now shop kids' sunglasses cute and sturdy styles for some fun in the sun shop now shop all sunglasses look good while protecting your eyes shop now shop new lenses for your old frame send in your frame and we’ll replace your lenses shop now shop new arrivals update your look with this year’s latest styles shop now shop by lens ultimateview™ single vision crizal® prevencia® ultimateview™ progressive (no-line) varilux® progressives ultimateview™ lined bifocals blue495™ blue light-blocker ultimateview™ anti-reflective neurolux™ soothing glasses ultimateview™ polarized workspace™ progressives transitions® lenses view all our lenses ultimateview™ single vision ultimateview™ progressive (no-line) ultimateview™ lined bifocals ultimateview™ anti-reflective ultimateview™ polarized transitions® lenses crizal® prevencia® varilux® progressives blue495™ blue light-blocker neurolux™ soothing glasses workspace™ progressives view all our lenses ultimateview™ single-vision shop frames for your new lenses ultimateview™ progressives (no-line) premium quality progressives at a great price ultimateview™ lined bifocals choose ft-28 lined bifocals ultimateview™ anti-reflective reduce glare significantly in your every day life ultimateview™ polarized sunglasses reduce glare with polarized sunglasses transitions® lenses go from clear lenses to sun lenses in seconds crizal® prevencia® shop top quality anti-reflective coating varilux® progressives shop the most trusted name in progressives ultimateview™ with blue495 block harmful blue light neurolux™ soothing lenses fl-41 lenses for headaches workspace™ progressives progressives for computer distance shop contacts my account my wishlist my cart 1-800-672-6304 hours of operation:mon-fri 9:00am - 5:00pm (est) faqs & other ways to contact us every pair includes custom prescription lenses 100% uv protection 100% worry free guarantee custom crafted in the usa fast delivery shop eyeglasses frames and lenses online sort by: best seller price: high to low price: low to high newest 219 results filter (219 results) sort by: best seller price: high to low price: low to high newest add to my wishlist mason black/gray $39.00 add to my wishlist mason tortoise/blue $39.00 black/gray tortoise/blue add to my wishlist leonardo gunmetal $39.00 gunmetal add to my wishlist university matte black $39.00 add to my wishlist university matte tortoise $39.00 matte black matte tortoise free shipping on all orders over $99 add to my wishlist trento black/crystal $39.00 add to my wishlist trento brown/crystal $39.00 black/crystal brown/crystal add to my wishlist entourage crystal $39.00 add to my wishlist entourage blue/black $39.00 add to my wishlist entourage hot pink/black $39.00 add to my wishlist entourage black $39.00 crystal blue/black hot pink/black black add to my wishlist elwood black $44.00 add to my wishlist elwood brown $44.00 black brown free shipping on all orders over $99 add to my wishlist bellmore black $39.00 add to my wishlist bellmore crackle $39.00 add to my wishlist bellmore olive $39.00 black crackle olive add to my wishlist merrick silver $39.00 silver add to my wishlist tate matte navy $39.00 add to my wishlist tate matte black $39.00 matte navy matte black free shipping on all orders over $99 add to my wishlist chipmunk blue/yellow $44.00 add to my wishlist chipmunk brown $44.00 blue/yellow brown owned and operated by eye doctors add to my wishlist vancouver black $39.00 black add to my wishlist houston blonde tortoise $39.00 add to my wishlist houston black $39.00 blonde tortoise black add to my wishlist durham midnight blue $39.00 add to my wishlist durham brown $39.00 midnight blue brown add to my wishlist maxwell matte blue/red $39.00 matte blue/red add to my wishlist bliss crystal $39.00 add to my wishlist bliss black $39.00 add to my wishlist bliss tortoise $39.00 crystal black tortoise add to my wishlist fission eyewear 010 brown $39.00 brown owned and operated by eye doctors add to my wishlist hamilton black $39.00 add to my wishlist hamilton coffee $39.00 add to my wishlist hamilton gunmetal $39.00 black coffee gunmetal re-lens your own frame add to my wishlist seattle black/crystal $39.00 add to my wishlist seattle matte black/green $39.00 add to my wishlist seattle black/red $39.00 add to my wishlist seattle blue $39.00 black/crystal matte black/green black/red blue add to my wishlist milford black $39.00 add to my wishlist milford crystal $39.00 black crystal add to my wishlist navigator black $39.00 add to my wishlist navigator coffee $39.00 add to my wishlist navigator gunmetal $39.00 black coffee gunmetal add to my wishlist academy matte black $39.00 add to my wishlist academy matte tortoise $39.00 matte black matte tortoise add to my wishlist forsyth black $49.00 add to my wishlist forsyth brown $49.00 black brown add to my wishlist pasadena navy $39.00 navy gift card email or print $10.00 - $200.00 gift-card owned and operated by eye doctors price includes prescription lenses add to my wishlist warren crystal $39.00 add to my wishlist warren black $39.00 add to my wishlist warren navy $39.00 crystal black navy add to my wishlist aviator gold $39.00 add to my wishlist aviator silver $39.00 gold silver re-lens your own frame add to my wishlist seaview black/blue $39.00 add to my wishlist seaview tortoise $39.00 add to my wishlist seaview black $39.00 black/blue tortoise black add to my wishlist matsumoto 23 black $53.00 add to my wishlist matsumoto 23 gunmetal $53.00 black gunmetal add to my wishlist hewlett brown/frost $39.00 add to my wishlist hewlett black/crystal $39.00 brown/frost black/crystal add to my wishlist bristol brown $39.00 add to my wishlist bristol crystal $39.00 add to my wishlist bristol rose $39.00 brown crystal rose add to my wishlist davenport demi amber $39.00 add to my wishlist davenport purple fade $39.00 add to my wishlist davenport matte black fade $39.00 demi amber purple fade matte black fade 100% worry-free guarantee add to my wishlist parker gunmetal $39.00 add to my wishlist parker black $39.00 add to my wishlist parker brown $39.00 gunmetal black brown add to my wishlist dallas black $39.00 add to my wishlist dallas gold $39.00 black gold add to my wishlist fission eyewear 014 black $39.00 add to my wishlist fission eyewear 014 brown $39.00 add to my wishlist fission eyewear 014 gunmetal $39.00 black brown gunmetal add to my wishlist everett gunmetal $39.00 add to my wishlist everett gold $39.00 gunmetal gold add to my wishlist lynbrook chocolate mint $39.00 chocolate mint price includes prescription lenses add to my wishlist summer black $39.00 add to my wishlist summer violet $39.00 black violet add to my wishlist aero navy $39.00 add to my wishlist aero gunmetal $39.00 add to my wishlist aero black $39.00 navy gunmetal black lenses include uva/uvb protection & scratch resistant coating add to my wishlist wisdom matte black $39.00 add to my wishlist wisdom matte tortoise $39.00 matte black matte tortoise re-lens your own frame add to my wishlist fontana black/crystal $39.00 add to my wishlist fontana brown $39.00 black/crystal brown add to my wishlist quest navy $39.00 add to my wishlist quest crystal $39.00 navy crystal add to my wishlist woodstock brown $39.00 brown add to my wishlist cove teal $39.00 add to my wishlist cove blush wine $39.00 teal blush wine add to my wishlist oliver gunmetal $39.00 add to my wishlist oliver coffee $39.00 add to my wishlist oliver silver $39.00 gunmetal coffee silver add to my wishlist marie claire 6204 purple tortoise $59.00 add to my wishlist marie claire 6204 red tortoise $59.00 purple tortoise red tortoise fast delivery & free returns add to my wishlist kent navy/red $39.00 add to my wishlist kent black/grey $39.00 navy/red black/grey 100% worry-free guarantee add to my wishlist breeze crystal $39.00 crystal add to my wishlist bellamy crystal $39.00 add to my wishlist bellamy translucent pink $39.00 crystal translucent pink add to my wishlist carlton black $39.00 add to my wishlist carlton crystal $39.00 black crystal add to my wishlist dartmouth black $39.00 add to my wishlist dartmouth coffee $39.00 add to my wishlist dartmouth gunmetal $39.00 black coffee gunmetal add to my wishlist oxygen matte black $39.00 add to my wishlist oxygen matte black/aquagreen $39.00 add to my wishlist oxygen matte black/red $39.00 matte black matte black/aquagreen matte black/red add to my wishlist stanford matte black $53.00 add to my wishlist stanford matte gray $53.00 add to my wishlist stanford matte navy $53.00 matte black matte gray matte navy add to my wishlist bel air black/clear $39.00 add to my wishlist bel air pink $39.00 add to my wishlist bel air demi/brown $39.00 black/clear pink demi/brown add to my wishlist brookville demi amber $39.00 demi amber price includes prescription lenses add to my wishlist mineral matte black $39.00 add to my wishlist mineral brown $39.00 add to my wishlist mineral deep purple/matte black $39.00 matte black brown deep purple/matte black add to my wishlist esquire 1547 navy $59.00 add to my wishlist esquire 1547 black $59.00 navy black lenses include uva/uvb protection & scratch resistant coating add to my wishlist voyager black $39.00 add to my wishlist voyager gray/crystal $39.00 add to my wishlist voyager brown $39.00 black gray/crystal brown add to my wishlist portland black/crystal $39.00 add to my wishlist portland brown/crystal $39.00 black/crystal brown/crystal add to my wishlist colby grey stripe fade $39.00 add to my wishlist colby brown stripe fade $39.00 grey stripe fade brown stripe fade add to my wishlist pt 87 matte black $39.00 add to my wishlist pt 87 caramel $39.00 add to my wishlist pt 87 gunmetal $39.00 matte black caramel gunmetal find custom eyeglasses frames online for every style finding high-quality prescription glasses frames to suit your taste has never been easier or more convenient, thanks to 39dollarglasses: the online rx eyewear expert. at 39dollarglasses, our team knows that every consumer is different and unique. that is exactly why we’ve ensured our collection of high-quality frames and custom prescription glasses caters to all styles, audiences, and desires. our inclusive collection incorporates the latest trends in eyewear, yet also includes classic frames and lenses that never go out of style. from big and bold frames that make a fashionable statement to sleek, slimline glasses for those consumers that prefer a minimal approach: we have all the fashions. when shopping for eyeglasses frames online via 39dollarglasses, you enjoy unrestricted access to hundreds of superb styles - many more than you would find at your local optician,  greatly improving the chance of finding a stylish frame that you’re 100% happy with. and when you buy custom prescription glasses online at 39dollarglasses, you know you’re getting the best deal - no if’s or but’s. so, why settle on eyeglass frames that are not 100% to your liking, when you can find a perfect fit for less? don’t compromise, and discover your stylish favorites via 39dollarglasses instead! read more order glasses frames online starting at $39 - including lenses did you know that you can save up to 70% on regular retail prices when you buy rx eyeglass frames online at 39dollarglasses? we’ve been an online expert in affordable frames and glasses since 2000, offering high-quality custom eyeglasses with outstanding affordability. our special pricing structure means you can nab a fantastic deal, without compromising on quality, comfort, or performance. at 39dollarglasses, each pair of prescription glasses comes with thin and lightweight lenses included; fully customizable to your rx and lens requirements. this means that whether you’re near-sighted or far-sighted, we got you - and your rx eyewear needs - covered with a stylish, high-quality, durable frame! our team keeps the prices on glasses frames and lenses at discount prices to make them affordable all-year-round. additionally, we've kept our manufacturing facilities fully us-based, guaranteeing our custom prescription glasses adhere to superior quality standards. plus, by keeping our expertise in-house, right here in the usa, our team can closely monitor quality control, ensuring all our prescription frames and lenses are of first-class, trustworthy caliber. whether you’re browsing for prescription sunglasses, reading glasses, computer glasses: there’s a steal waiting for you at 39dollarglasses. buying your prescription glasses frames online has never been more rewarding! read more frequently asked questions what is the average cost of prescription glasses? did you know that the cost of prescription glasses is usually higher than what it costs to make them? when you go to a retail store to purchase prescription glasses you’re not just paying for your glasses, you’re paying extra for things like overhead costs and 3rd party fees. when you buy prescription eyeglass frames online at a trusted prescription eyeglass site like 39dollarglasses.com, you can save up to 70% on regular retail prices for the exact same professional services and high-quality prescription glasses. at 39dollarglasses.com, we offer the same premium designer framing and lensing options as the brick and mortar stores for only a fraction of the cost. when you buy custom prescription glasses online at 39dollarglasses, you know you’re getting the best deal on a premium pair of prescription glasses. plus, by keeping our expertise in-house, right here in the usa, our team can closely monitor quality control to ensure you’re getting the best possible eye care at an honest price. what is the cheapest way to buy prescription glasses? looking for the cheapest way to buy prescription glasses without compromising on quality, style, or comfort? 39dollarglasses.com is the brand you can trust to craft your go-to pair at an honest price point. buying with 39dg makes it easy to buy your next high-quality pair of glasses online at prices as low as 70% below retail costs. this is because 39dollarglasses.com was developed by a highly-skilled team of trusted eye doctors who wanted to create an inexpensive method for people to acquire high-quality, finished prescription eyeglasses. we use the same top-rated materials as traditional eyeglass shops, but at a discounted cost to you. since we don't have the additional overhead constraints that your eye doctor’s office or optician has – such as retail rent space, behind-the-counter employees, and expensive displays – we are able to offer a much more affordable price. what’s more, every pair of glasses purchased at 39dollarglasses comes fully equipped with scratch-resistant coating and 100% uv protection so they are built to last. can i get prescription glasses online? in a time where buying almost anything online is just a few clicks away, you might be wondering: “can i get prescription glasses online too?”  the good news is that buying a pair of high-quality premium frames and lenses has never been easier. however, which online eyeglass retailers can you actually trust? after all, your sight isn’t something you want to take chances on. that's why when you trust 39dollarglasses.com with crafting your perfect pair of prescription eyeglasses, you can enjoy the peace of mind that comes with our 100% worry-free guarantee. 39dg offers high-quality custom-crafter glasses and sunglasses expertly assembled in our usa-based lab. when you trust our team of doctors with your eyes, you can enjoy designer-quality frames and lenses for a fraction of the cost compared to retail locations.  whether you’re browsing for prescription sports glasses, safety glasses, sunglasses, reading glasses, or computer glasses: there’s a great deal waiting for you at 39dollarglasses. can any glasses be prescription? when looking for prescription glasses online, you might be curious if any glasses can be made into prescription lenses.  have a favorite pair of frames you want re-lensed? found a great sunglasses frame you want to be fitted with your prescription? we can help. when you try our lens replacement program, you can mail in your favorite pair of glasses to have them re-lensed in just 3 easy steps. our dedicated team of eye care specialists at 39dollarglasses makes it easy to have your favorite frames fitted with prescription lenses. the best part? our lens replacement program is available at the same discounted cost as our regular prescription frames. you can choose from add-ons like different lens types, coating options, and colors to customize your frames to fit your individual style. re-lensing your favorite pair of glasses with the 39dg lens replacement program is easy: describe your frame (material, color, shape, unique attributes)enter (or upload) your rx and choose a lens packageplace your order and send your frame for re-lensingwe handle all frames with care, however, if the frame isn’t in great condition or if we’re unable to replace your lenses for any reason, we will notify you, cancel your order, and issue a refund. how much should a pair of progressive glasses cost? when you buy a pair of progressive glasses, you’ll always have the right pair on hand. no more switching between your reading glasses, regular glasses, and/or driving glasses: progressives are the comprehensive choice for all your corrective needs. progressives give you a seamless, smooth transition between optical corrections, without disruptions to your vision. but, how much should a pair of progressive glasses or no-line bifocals cost? the average cost for a single no-line bifocal lens at a retail location can cost anywhere from $200 to $600. the price varies from doctor to doctor and any additional lens coating or tinting options can increase this price significantly.  at 39dollarglassses, we believe eye care should be affordable. all of our progressive lens and no-line bifocals are available at prices as low as 70% below retail sticker price. although our progressive lenses may cost significantly less than those available at your local optician's office, they don’t compromise on performance or quality. at 39dollarglasses, we have a great selection of progressive lens options for any budget. is it worth buying expensive glasses? when shopping for glasses online, you may ask yourself, “is it worth buying expensive glasses?” you might think the frames and lenses at your brick-and-mortar glasses shop are somehow better or higher quality but this isn’t always the truth. when you buy your glasses from a reputable online source like 39dg, you get the same high-quality frames and premium lensing options as you would from a designer shop for a fraction of the cost. that's why when you trust 39dollarglasses.com with crafting your perfect pair of prescription eyeglasses, you can enjoy the peace of mind that comes with our 100% worry-free guarantee. 39dg offers high-quality custom-crafter glasses and sunglasses expertly assembled in our usa-based lab. when you trust our team of doctors with your eyes, you can enjoy designer-quality frames and lenses for a fraction of the cost compared to retail locations.  whether you’re looking for prescription glasses, reading glasses, or sunglasses : there’s a great deal waiting for you with 39dollarglasses. what is the best eyewear brand? when searching for glasses online, you might wonder what is the best eyewear brand? this might be especially true if fashion and style are important to you when choosing prescription glasses or sunglasses. however, when exploring popular eyewear brands like ray-ban, coach, or d&g – it’s just as important to consider the quality of the lens too. after all, you’re looking for a high-quality frame as well as a great lens to match. at 39dollarglasses, the quality of our frames and lenses rival some of the biggest designer options available today. what's more, all of our lenses are custom-crafted in the usa by our team of expert eyewear specialists at our lab in long island, ny. this way, you know your glasses came from sustainable and ethical sources.  when you shop with 39dg, you can find a selection of frames for any style at a reasonable price, without compromising on style or on quality. which brand of progressive lenses is the best? at 39dollarglasses, our collection of progressive glasses and progressive sunglasses checks all the right boxes: affordability, durability, comfort, and quality. our team of expert eye care specialists has created a top-grade assortment of progressive lenses at a price affordable to all. this means that even though our progressive lenses cost significantly less than your local optician, they still have the same quality and performance as retail brands. we are also proud to partner with great brands like varilux® progressive lenses by essilor. varilux® progressive lenses by essilor are available in light and thin polycarbonate as well as the thinnest 1.67 material. these thin, ultra-light lenses are made of premium polycarbonate with outstanding impact resistance - making them extra durable and chip-resistant. what’s more, each varilux® progressive lens offers 100% uv protection and comes with a premium scratch-resistant hard coat and pristinely polished lens edges. whichever brand of progressive lenses you choose, 39dollarglasses has the perfect pair waiting for you. can cheap glasses damage your eyes? it’s no secret that a pair of quality glasses can help improve your immediate quality of sight as well as the long-term overall health of your eyes, but can cheap glasses damage your eyes? depending on your specific eyewear needs, cheap glasses can do much more harm than good. for example, when you buy a pair of cheap sunglasses with inadequate uv protection and no polarization, you can allow too much sun into your eyes and cause damage and eye strain over time. this means that when you wear cheap sunglasses or cheap prescription glasses every day, you are putting yourself at risk of painful eye strain and sun damage. why sacrifice your eye health for fashion when you can have both? at 39dollarglasses, you can find complete, high-quality pairs of glasses for as low as $39. additionally, we've kept our manufacturing facilities fully us-based, guaranteeing our custom prescription glasses adhere to superior quality standards. say “hello” to quality frames at an affordable price and “goodbye” to cheap glasses that can damage your vision! need help? visit our faq. call us 1-631-816-2200 email us click here to email us our calling hours are: monday - friday 9:00am - 5:00pm (est) call us directly at: 1-631-816-2200 toll free within the us 1-800-672-6304 ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ 4.8 stars on shopperapproved 17,420 customer ratings and reviews 4.8 star star icons 4.8 overall star rating help contact us help center create an account sign in lens price list about us shipping options free returns vision insurance social responsibility resources about your pd about your prescription about our frames alphapointe blog resources styles and trends our instagram our facebook our twitter our pinterest our youtube channel programs customer rewards affiliate program referral program military discount first responder discount teacher's discount home trial our brands monday - friday 9:00am - 5:00pm (est) 1-631-816-2200 toll free within the us 1-800-672-6304 our instagram our facebook our twitter our pinterest our youtube channel contact us sign in create an account contact us sign in create an account help go to the help page through dropdown on desktop help center lens price list about us shipping options free returns vision insurance social responsibility help go to the help page through dropdown on mobile help center lens price list about us shipping options free returns vision insurance social responsibility resources go to the resources page through dropdown on desktop about your pd about your prescription about our frames alphapointe blog resources styles and trends resources go to the resources page through dropdown on mobile about your pd about your prescription about our frames alphapointe blog resources styles and trends programs go to the programs page through dropdown on desktop customer rewards affiliate program referral program military discount first responder discount teacher's discount home trial programs go to the programs page through dropdown on mobile customer rewards affiliate program referral program military discount first responder discount teacher's discount home trial ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ 4.8 stars on shopperapproved 17,420 customer ratings and reviews 4.8 star star icons 4.8 overall star rating ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ 4.8 stars on shopperapproved 17,420 customer ratings and reviews 4.8 star star icons 4.8 overall star rating our instagram our facebook our twitter our pinterest our youtube channel our brands help center © 2000-2022 39dollarglasses.com all rights reserved. accessibility adjustments accessibility statement privacy policy cookie policy site map x warranty type will be determined by the date of contact. all refunds/credits will be issued on date of receipt. returned items must be in original condition in the hard case you received from us. however you may keep any accessories as our free gift. what's your return policy? at 39dollarglasses.com, we offer a 100% worry-free guarantee! our objective is simple: to make sure every customer has a wonderful experience purchasing from us. if you are unhappy for any reason, you may return your eyeglasses for a one-time exchange at no cost or a full store credit for up to 90 days after delivery! we even provide free return shipping! alternatively, you may request a full refund* on your original order if you contact us within 30 days after delivery; shipping charges are non-refundable. (*there are limitations regarding multifocal lenses (progressives and bifocals) and contact lenses. see below for details. here's what you need to know: contact us by phone, live chat or email within 90 days of when your order was delivered. we will happily provide you a return merchandise authorization (rma) number along with a prepaid postage return label (domestic first-class u.s. mail only). your warranty coverage is based off of the date you contact us, and the lens type you ordered (see below for limitations). we cannot process or honor returns without an rma number for a full refund to your original payment method, you must contact us to request an rma within 30 days of the original delivery date. refunds can only be issued after we have received the original merchandise back, and will be issued in line with your warranty coverage and minus any discounts given on the original order. after the original order is remade, subsequent remakes will be assessed a 50% remake fee. refunds requested after a remake is performed will be assessed at 50% of the original order price, or you may request a 50% refund in store credit. remake fees are non-refundable. returned items must be in original condition and in the hard case you received from us. however you may keep any accessories as our free gift. if returning one pair from a buy one get one promotion, the discounted pair is eligible for a full refund or credit. if returning only the full price item we will deduct the amount discounted when issuing a refund or credit.once used, eyebucks are non-refundable. after the initial 30 day period, on any order, your order is refundable in store credit only. on “re-lens” orders using a rimless frame, the custom drilling and mounting fees cannot be refunded. *excluded lenses: multifocal lenses: bifocal and progressive lens orders may be exchanged or remade one time at no cost within the first 90 days after delivery. any changes to an order prior to shipping will count as the allowed free exchange or remake. if a full refund is requested, you have the option of applying it to either your original credit card or your in-store eyebucks account, less a 30% restocking fee. contact lenses: these items may be returned within 60 days of purchase provided they are unopened, undamaged, have not been written on and are in original condition. such returns will receive credit in full. sorry, our manufacturers will not allow us to return opened or otherwise damaged boxes or vials (as described above), so we do not accept them and cannot guarantee their safe return if sent to us in this condition. effective date: 1/23/17 × close modal worry-free warranty warranty type will be determined by the date of postmark. all refunds/credits will be issued on date of receipt. returned items must be in original condition in the hard case you received from us. however you may keep any accessories as our free gift. what's your return policy? at 39dollarglasses.com, we offer a 100% worry-free guarantee! our objective is simple: to make sure every customer has a wonderful experience purchasing from us. if you are unhappy for any reason, you may return your eyeglasses for a one-time exchange at no cost or a full store credit for up to 90 days after delivery! we even provide free return shipping! alternatively, you may request a full refund* on your original order if you return the merchandise within 30 days after delivery; shipping charges are non-refundable. *there are limitations regarding multifocal lenses (progressives and bifocals). see below for details. here's what you need to know: contact us by phone, live chat or email within 90 days of when your order was delivered. we will happily provide you a return merchandise authorization (rma) number along with a prepaid postage return label (domestic first-class u.s. mail only). your warranty coverage is based off of the postmark shown on your returned package, and the lens type you ordered (see below for limitations). we cannot process or honor returns without an rma number. for a full refund to your original payment method, please contact us for an rma and prepaid shipping label. the returned package will need to be postmarked within 30 days of the original delivery date. refunds can only be issued after we have received the original merchandise back, and will be issued in line with your warranty coverage and minus any discounts given on the original order. after the original order is remade, subsequent remakes will be assessed a 50% remake fee. refunds requested after a remake is performed will be assessed at 50% of the original order price, or you may request a 50% refund in store credit. remake fees are non-refundable. returned items must be in original condition and in the hard case you received from us. however, you may keep any accessories as our free gift. if returning one pair from a buy one get one promotion, the discounted pair is eligible for a full refund or credit. if returning only the full price item we will deduct the amount discounted when issuing a refund or credit. once used, eyebucks are non-refundable. after the initial 30 day period, on any order, your order is refundable in store credit only. on “re-lens” orders using a rimless frame, the custom drilling and mounting fees cannot be refunded. if returning a re-lens order, the re-lens handling fee is non-refundable. if returning a 'home try-on' order, the $10 fee charged is only refundable in eyebucks which can be used toward a future order of frames and lenses. * excluded lenses: multifocal lenses: bifocal and progressive lens orders may be exchanged or remade one time at no cost within the first 90 days after delivery. any changes to an order prior to shipping will count as the allowed free exchange or remake. if a full refund is requested, you have the option of applying it to either your original credit card or your in-store eyebucks account, less a 30% restocking fee. effective date: 1/23/17 × close modal sign in e-mail address for signing in password remember me sign in or sign in with google don't have an account yet? forgot your password? first name last name e-mail address for registering password confirm password register or register with google already have an account? please ensure javascript is enabled for purposes of website accessibility