来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20231231031137/https://www.39dollarglasses.com/help/rx/about
================================================================================

about your glasses prescription (rx) | 39dollarglasses loading opens in a new window worry-free warranty | free return shipping accessibility adjustments worry-free warranty free return shipping prescription lenses included custom crafted in the usa fast production and delivery accessibility adjustments toggle navigation my account my wishlist my cart shop eyeglasses women men kids new arrivals clearance show all re-lens your frame shop women's eyeglasses view our stylish collection of women’s designs shop now shop men's eyeglasses see all our men’s metal and plastic frames shop now shop kids' eyeglasses check out our durable and adorable children’s frames shop now shop all eyeglasses check out all our sturdy and stylish frames shop now shop new lenses for your old frame send in your frame and we’ll replace your lenses shop now shop new arrivals update your look with this year’s latest styles shop now shop clearance frames see all our limited clearance items shop now shop sunglasses women men kids new arrivals clearance show all re-lens your frame shop women's sunglasses look good and protect your eyes with our sunnies shop now shop men's sunglasses protect your eyes with our stylish sunglasses shop now shop kids' sunglasses cute and sturdy styles for some fun in the sun shop now shop all sunglasses look good while protecting your eyes shop now shop new lenses for your old frame send in your frame and we’ll replace your lenses shop now shop new arrivals update your look with this year’s latest styles shop now shop clearance frames see all our limited clearance items shop now shop by lens ultimateview™ single vision shop frames for your new lenses ultimateview™ progressive (no-line) premium quality progressives at a great price ultimateview™ lined bifocals choose ft-28 lined bifocals ultimateview™ anti-reflective reduce glare significantly in your every day life ultimateview™ polarized reduce glare with polarized sunglasses transitions® lenses go from clear lenses to sun lenses in seconds crizal® prevencia® shop top quality anti-reflective coating varilux® progressives shop the most trusted name in progressives blue495™ blue light-blocker block harmful blue light neurolux™ glasses fl-41 lenses for headaches workspace™ progressives progressives for computer distance view all our lenses ultimateview™ single vision ultimateview™ progressive (no-line) ultimateview™ lined bifocals ultimateview™ anti-reflective ultimateview™ polarized transitions® lenses crizal® prevencia® varilux® progressives blue495™ blue light-blocker neurolux™ glasses workspace™ progressives view all our lenses shop contacts re-lens your frame my account my wishlist my cart 1-800-672-6304 hours of operation:mon-fri 9:00am - 5:00pm (est) faqs & other ways to contact us < back help center > prescription (rx) help - understanding your rx about your prescription (rx) your prescription provides us with your doctor's recommendation for clear and comfortable vision. please take a brief moment now to review your information with our 3 samples shown here. they represent 3 different ways of writing the same prescription: note, particularly: 01. your astigmatism correction ("cylinder"). some doctors write their prescriptions in plus (+) cylinder and some in minus (-) cylinder. they are not the same. take special note of this when entering your prescription later. if you don't see anything there, leave it blank. 02. "dist" (distance) is often abbreviated "d.v." 03. "near" (reading) is often abbreviated "n.v." 04. for reading-only glasses: some doctors will write the reading prescription separately, in its entirety (as "near" or "n.v." or "n.v.o."), as in sample rx #3. if this is the case, enter the power in the bottom half of the form (you'll see; it's easy), and leave the add power blank ("0.00"). if you do not understand any part of your prescription, please call us to ensure everything is entered correctly. don't be shy; we are here to help, and we want your glasses to be made exactly to your doctor's specifications. od = right eye os = left eye ou = both eyes sph cyl axis prism add o.d. -1.00 -0.25 005 +2.50 o.s. -1.75 +2.50 sph cyl axis prism add o.d. -100 - 25 x 5 + 250 o.s. -175 + 250 sph cyl axis prism dist o.d. -1.00 -0.25 005 o.s. -1.75 near o.d. +1.50 -0.25 005 o.s. +0.75 other helpful hints: 01. your doctor may use a blank rx pad, not a pre-made rx pad for eyeglasses only. if this is the case, you can draw imaginary grid-lines to separate the numbers. it will separate the different values more easily for you. the top power is always the right eye & the bottom power is always the left. 02. if you don't see numbers in some of the boxes (if there is no cyl or axis or add), leave those values blank when ordering. if you only see one number for each eye, it's the "sphere" power; leave all the other fields blank. 03. it is common for the doctor to sometimes leave out the decimal points. if you see a number like -25 or +175, it is understood that your doctor means -0.25 or +1.75, respectively. also, an axis of 5 (or 05) is the same as 005; 90 is the same as 090. it's like using abbreviations or writing in short-hand. 04. if you have no astigmatism in one or both eyes, your doctor may just write the sphere power alone, or may use placeholders like sph ("sphere") or d.s. ("diopters sphere") instead. 05. if you have a prescription for bifocals, and you only see one add power, it's understood that you have the same add for both eyes. if you don't see an add power, leave it blank. 06. some common prescription abbreviations: sph or sph = sphere power; the "overall" power d.s. or ds = diopters sphere (means you have sphere power only) cyl or cyl = cylinder power; the amount of astigmatism x = axis; x 90 means axis 090 add = how much power gets added to the distance rx, for your reading-only rx or for the bottom half of your bifocals/progressives pl or pl or plo = plano; it's a placeholder for the number zero o.d. or od = right eye o.s. or os = left eye o.u. or ou = both eyes nv or nvo = near-vision or near-vision-only; your doctor is recommending "reading-only" glasses p.d. or pd = pupillary distance (the distance in between your right pupil and your left pupil), in millimeters (mm) -50 = -0.50 +100 = +1.00 if you still do not understand any part of your prescription, please contact us to ensure everything is entered correctly. don't be shy; we are here to help, and we want your glasses to be made exactly to your doctor's specifications. your pupillary distance (p.d.) this measurement is necessary to ensure the correct positioning of your lenses within the frame you have chosen. have a friend* measure the distance from the center of the pupil (black dot) in one eye to the center of the pupil in the other eye. it's like measuring a line connecting the two black dots. to measure your pd: 01. place the millimeter ruler on the bridge of your nose. 02. have a friend face you about arms length away. 03. have your friend measure the distance between the center of your pupils (the black dots in the middle of your eyes). 04. (or you can do it yourself simply by looking in the mirror). you can also get this information from your doctor or from a licensed optician. as a guideline: + most adults' pd's are between 55-65. + most kids' pd's are between 42-54. download a printable ruler (pdf) download a ruler related topics patient glasses prescription (rx) rights glasses vs contacts rx differences faxing in your prescription need help? visit our faq. call us 1-800-672-6304 email us send us an email us hours of operation: monday - friday 9:00am - 5:00pm (est) call us directly: 1-631-816-2200 or toll free (us only): 1-800-672-6304 about us about us social responsibility about our frames helpful information contact us help center create an account sign in vision insurance free returns about your prescription about your pd price list resources alphapointe blog resources styles and trends programs customer rewards affiliate program referral program military discount first responder discount teacher's discount gift card home trial hours of operation: monday - friday 9:00am - 5:00pm (est) call us directly: 1-631-816-2200 or toll free (us only): 1-800-672-6304 about us go to the about us page through dropdown on desktop about us social responsibility about our frames about us go to the about us page through dropdown on mobile about us social responsibility about our frames helpful information go to the helpful information page through dropdown on desktop contact us help center create an account sign in vision insurance free returns about your prescription about your pd price list helpful information go to the helpful information page through dropdown on mobile contact us help center create an account sign in vision insurance free returns about your prescription about your pd price list resources go to the resources page through dropdown on desktop alphapointe blog resources styles and trends resources go to the resources page through dropdown on mobile alphapointe blog resources styles and trends programs go to the programs page through dropdown on desktop customer rewards affiliate program referral program military discount first responder discount teacher's discount gift card home trial programs go to the programs page through dropdown on mobile customer rewards affiliate program referral program military discount first responder discount teacher's discount gift card home trial follow us: our instagram our facebook our twitter our pinterest our youtube channel we accept: customer ratings: our brands: accessibility adjustments accessibility statement privacy policy cookie policy site map © 2000-2024 39dollarglasses.com all rights reserved. x warranty type will be determined by the date of contact. all refunds/credits will be issued on date of receipt. returned items must be in original condition in the hard case you received from us. however you may keep any accessories as our free gift. what's your return policy? at 39dollarglasses.com, we offer a 100% worry-free guarantee! our objective is simple: to make sure every customer has a wonderful experience purchasing from us. if you are unhappy for any reason, you may return your eyeglasses for a one-time exchange at no cost or a full store credit for up to 90 days after delivery! we even provide free return shipping! alternatively, you may request a full refund* on your original order if you contact us within 30 days after delivery; shipping charges are non-refundable. (*there are limitations regarding multifocal lenses (progressives and bifocals) and contact lenses. see below for details. here's what you need to know: contact us by phone, live chat or email within 90 days of when your order was delivered. we will happily provide you a return merchandise authorization (rma) number along with a prepaid postage return label (domestic first-class u.s. mail only). your warranty coverage is based off of the date you contact us, and the lens type you ordered (see below for limitations). we cannot process or honor returns without an rma number for a full refund to your original payment method, you must contact us to request an rma within 30 days of the original delivery date. refunds can only be issued after we have received the original merchandise back, and will be issued in line with your warranty coverage and minus any discounts given on the original order. after the original order is remade, subsequent remakes will be assessed a 50% remake fee. refunds requested after a remake is performed will be assessed at 50% of the original order price, or you may request a 50% refund in store credit. remake fees are non-refundable. returned items must be in original condition and in the hard case you received from us. however you may keep any accessories as our free gift. if returning one pair from a buy one get one promotion, the discounted pair is eligible for a full refund or credit. if returning only the full price item we will deduct the amount discounted when issuing a refund or credit.once used, eyebucks are non-refundable. after the initial 30 day period, on any order, your order is refundable in store credit only. on “re-lens” orders using a rimless frame, the custom drilling and mounting fees cannot be refunded. *excluded lenses: multifocal lenses: bifocal and progressive lens orders may be exchanged or remade one time at no cost within the first 90 days after delivery. any changes to an order prior to shipping will count as the allowed free exchange or remake. if a full refund is requested, you have the option of applying it to either your original credit card or your in-store eyebucks account, less a 30% restocking fee. contact lenses: these items may be returned within 60 days of purchase provided they are unopened, undamaged, have not been written on and are in original condition. such returns will receive credit in full. sorry, our manufacturers will not allow us to return opened or otherwise damaged boxes or vials (as described above), so we do not accept them and cannot guarantee their safe return if sent to us in this condition. effective date: 1/23/17 × close modal worry-free warranty warranty type will be determined by the date of postmark. all refunds/credits will be issued on date of receipt. returned items must be in original condition in the hard case you received from us. however you may keep any accessories as our free gift. what's your return policy? at 39dollarglasses.com, we offer a 100% worry-free guarantee! our objective is simple: to make sure every customer has a wonderful experience purchasing from us. if you are unhappy for any reason, you may return your eyeglasses for a one-time exchange at no cost or a full store credit for up to 90 days after delivery! we even provide free return shipping! alternatively, you may request a full refund* on your original order if you return the merchandise within 30 days after delivery; shipping charges are non-refundable. *there are limitations regarding multifocal lenses (progressives and bifocals). see below for details. here's what you need to know: contact us by phone, live chat or email within 90 days of when your order was delivered. we will happily provide you a return merchandise authorization (rma) number along with a prepaid postage return label (domestic first-class u.s. mail only). your warranty coverage is based off of the postmark shown on your returned package, and the lens type you ordered (see below for limitations). we cannot process or honor returns without an rma number. for a full refund to your original payment method, please contact us for an rma and prepaid shipping label. the returned package will need to be postmarked within 30 days of the original delivery date. refunds can only be issued after we have received the original merchandise back, and will be issued in line with your warranty coverage and minus any discounts given on the original order. after the original order is remade, subsequent remakes will be assessed a 50% remake fee. refunds requested after a remake is performed will be assessed at 50% of the original order price, or you may request a 50% refund in store credit. remake fees are non-refundable. returned items must be in original condition and in the hard case you received from us. however, you may keep any accessories as our free gift. if returning one pair from a buy one get one promotion, the discounted pair is eligible for a full refund or credit. if returning only the full price item we will deduct the amount discounted when issuing a refund or credit. once used, eyebucks are non-refundable. after the initial 30 day period, on any order, your order is refundable in store credit only. on “re-lens” orders using a rimless frame, the custom drilling and mounting fees cannot be refunded. if returning a re-lens order, the re-lens handling fee is non-refundable. if returning a 'home try-on' order, the $10 fee charged is only refundable in eyebucks which can be used toward a future order of frames and lenses. * excluded lenses: multifocal lenses: bifocal and progressive lens orders may be exchanged or remade one time at no cost within the first 90 days after delivery. any changes to an order prior to shipping will count as the allowed free exchange or remake. if a full refund is requested, you have the option of applying it to either your original credit card or your in-store eyebucks account, less a 30% restocking fee. effective date: 1/23/17 × close modal sign in e-mail address for signing in password remember me sign in or sign in with google don't have an account yet? forgot your password? first name last name e-mail address for registering password confirm password register or register with google already have an account? please ensure javascript is enabled for purposes of website accessibility