来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20231231031137/https://www.39dollarglasses.com/home-trial
================================================================================

home trial | 39dollarglasses.com loading opens in a new window worry-free warranty | free return shipping accessibility adjustments worry-free warranty free return shipping prescription lenses included custom crafted in the usa fast production and delivery accessibility adjustments toggle navigation my account my wishlist my cart shop eyeglasses women men unisex kids new arrivals clearance shop all eyeglasses re-lens your frame shop women's eyeglasses view our stylish collection of women’s designs shop now shop men's eyeglasses see all our men’s metal and plastic frames shop now shop kids' eyeglasses check out our durable and adorable children’s frames shop now shop all eyeglasses check out all our sturdy and stylish frames shop now shop new lenses for your old frame send in your frame and we’ll replace your lenses shop now shop new arrivals update your look with this year’s latest styles shop now shop clearance frames see all our limited clearance items shop now shop sunglasses women men unisex kids new arrivals clearance shop all sunglasses re-lens your frame shop women's sunglasses look good and protect your eyes with our sunnies shop now shop men's sunglasses protect your eyes with our stylish sunglasses shop now shop kids' sunglasses cute and sturdy styles for some fun in the sun shop now shop all sunglasses look good while protecting your eyes shop now shop new lenses for your old frame send in your frame and we’ll replace your lenses shop now shop new arrivals update your look with this year’s latest styles shop now shop clearance frames see all our limited clearance items shop now shop by lens ultimateview™ single vision shop frames for your new lenses ultimateview™ progressive (no-line) premium quality progressives at a great price ultimateview™ lined bifocals choose ft-28 lined bifocals ultimateview™ anti-reflective reduce glare significantly in your every day life ultimateview™ polarized reduce glare with polarized sunglasses transitions® lenses go from clear lenses to sun lenses in seconds crizal® prevencia® shop top quality anti-reflective coating varilux® progressives shop the most trusted name in progressives blue495™ blue light-blocker block harmful blue light neurolux™ glasses fl-41 lenses for headaches workspace™ progressives progressives for computer distance view all our lenses ultimateview™ single vision ultimateview™ progressive (no-line) ultimateview™ lined bifocals ultimateview™ anti-reflective ultimateview™ polarized transitions® lenses crizal® prevencia® varilux® progressives blue495™ blue light-blocker neurolux™ glasses workspace™ progressives view all our lenses shop contacts my account my wishlist my cart 1-800-672-6304 hours of operation:mon-fri 9:00am - 5:00pm (est) faqs & other ways to contact us try on glasses at home (home trial) buying prescription glasses online made easier. choose 5 frames from our large selection, we’ll ship them directly to you. you get 5 days to try on the glasses at home to make sure you're happy with your selection. shop home trial frames 1 choose 'em click the house icon to add up to 5 frames. free with purchase: $10 home trial fee returned as a coupon off your rx order. 2 try 'em try them on for up to 5 days. send them back using a prepaid label. each frame comes with clear demo lenses. 3 order 'em add your rx to the pair(s) you like best. you can place your order before returning your home trial. use the coupon we emailed you to get $10 off each pair on your order. each home trial frame come with non-prescription demo lenses. get $10 back... and more! a shipping and handling fee of $10 will be refunded as a coupon code which (upon receiving your kit) may be used immediately to purchase your glasses. buy more / save more: the $10 coupon is per pair, not per order. if you sent it back but it got lost in the mail, don't worry, we won't hold you accountable for it. each prepaid label comes with a tracking number which enables us to see that you attempted to mail it back. if we don't receive the frames back your payment method will be charged the listed price of each frame in your order. if you need help narrowing down your choices for home trial, we suggest you use our virtual try-on to see how these frames will look on you. virtual try on about our frames our frames are made by the same manufacturers as your local optical store or doctor’s office. however, by not adding name brand logos on our frames, we’re able to save hundreds on licensing fees. we are also an online-only retailer, which means we don’t have the same overhead costs as a brick and mortar establishment. this allows us to offer our products at low and affordable prices without sacrificing quality and style! let's get started find your new style! choose up to 5 eligible home trial frames to try on at home. shop frames best sellers eligible for home trial add to my wishlist home trial in cart mason $39.00 black/gray add to my wishlist home trial in cart mason $39.00 tortoise/blue black/gray tortoise/blue medium width add to my wishlist home trial in cart leonardo $39.00 gunmetal gunmetal medium width add to my wishlist home trial in cart university $39.00 matte tortoise matte tortoise medium width add to my wishlist home trial in cart entourage $39.00 crystal add to my wishlist home trial in cart entourage $39.00 blue/black add to my wishlist home trial in cart entourage $39.00 hot pink/black add to my wishlist home trial in cart entourage $39.00 black crystal blue/black hot pink/black black medium width add to my wishlist home trial in cart vancouver $39.00 black black medium width add to my wishlist home trial in cart seattle $39.00 black/crystal add to my wishlist home trial in cart seattle $39.00 matte black/green add to my wishlist home trial in cart seattle $39.00 black/red add to my wishlist home trial in cart seattle $39.00 blue black/crystal matte black/green black/red blue wide shop frames frequently asked questions how much is shipping? shipping and handling cost for the home trial of your new glasses is $10. however, as soon as you place your order, you will instantaneously receive an email with a discount code for $10 to use on your purchase. when does the 5 day time period start? the 5 day trial time starts the day you receive your package in the mail how do i return the frames back? we include a prepaid shipping label with all our orders. when you’re ready to send them back, just place the new label on top of the old one and drop it off into any usps mail box. what happens if i don't return the frames? we know you meant to send it back, but it got lost in the mail, don’t worry, we won't hold you accountable for it. each prepaid label comes with a tracking number which enables us to see that you attempted to mail it back.if you need more time with your home trial, please give us a call to let us know and we'll gladly extend it for you!if we don't receive the frames back your payment method will be charged the listed price of each frame in your order. can i use a discount code or store credit for my home trial frames? unfortunately, due to shipping and operating costs, we’re unable to allow use of coupons or store credit (eyebucks) on home trial orders. we make up for it by sending you a code for $10 off to use on your final order! need help? visit our faq. call us 1-800-672-6304 email us send us an email us hours of operation: monday - friday 9:00am - 5:00pm (est) call us directly: 1-631-816-2200 or toll free (us only): 1-800-672-6304 about us about us social responsibility about our frames helpful information contact us help center create an account sign in vision insurance free returns about your prescription about your pd price list resources alphapointe blog resources styles and trends programs customer rewards affiliate program referral program military discount first responder discount teacher's discount gift card home trial hours of operation: monday - friday 9:00am - 5:00pm (est) call us directly: 1-631-816-2200 or toll free (us only): 1-800-672-6304 about us go to the about us page through dropdown on desktop about us social responsibility about our frames about us go to the about us page through dropdown on mobile about us social responsibility about our frames helpful information go to the helpful information page through dropdown on desktop contact us help center create an account sign in vision insurance free returns about your prescription about your pd price list helpful information go to the helpful information page through dropdown on mobile contact us help center create an account sign in vision insurance free returns about your prescription about your pd price list resources go to the resources page through dropdown on desktop alphapointe blog resources styles and trends resources go to the resources page through dropdown on mobile alphapointe blog resources styles and trends programs go to the programs page through dropdown on desktop customer rewards affiliate program referral program military discount first responder discount teacher's discount gift card home trial programs go to the programs page through dropdown on mobile customer rewards affiliate program referral program military discount first responder discount teacher's discount gift card home trial follow us: our instagram our facebook our twitter our pinterest our youtube channel we accept: customer ratings: our brands: accessibility adjustments accessibility statement privacy policy cookie policy site map © 2000-2024 39dollarglasses.com all rights reserved. x warranty type will be determined by the date of contact. all refunds/credits will be issued on date of receipt. returned items must be in original condition in the hard case you received from us. however you may keep any accessories as our free gift. what's your return policy? at 39dollarglasses.com, we offer a 100% worry-free guarantee! our objective is simple: to make sure every customer has a wonderful experience purchasing from us. if you are unhappy for any reason, you may return your eyeglasses for a one-time exchange at no cost or a full store credit for up to 90 days after delivery! we even provide free return shipping! alternatively, you may request a full refund* on your original order if you contact us within 30 days after delivery; shipping charges are non-refundable. (*there are limitations regarding multifocal lenses (progressives and bifocals) and contact lenses. see below for details. here's what you need to know: contact us by phone, live chat or email within 90 days of when your order was delivered. we will happily provide you a return merchandise authorization (rma) number along with a prepaid postage return label (domestic first-class u.s. mail only). your warranty coverage is based off of the date you contact us, and the lens type you ordered (see below for limitations). we cannot process or honor returns without an rma number for a full refund to your original payment method, you must contact us to request an rma within 30 days of the original delivery date. refunds can only be issued after we have received the original merchandise back, and will be issued in line with your warranty coverage and minus any discounts given on the original order. after the original order is remade, subsequent remakes will be assessed a 50% remake fee. refunds requested after a remake is performed will be assessed at 50% of the original order price, or you may request a 50% refund in store credit. remake fees are non-refundable. returned items must be in original condition and in the hard case you received from us. however you may keep any accessories as our free gift. if returning one pair from a buy one get one promotion, the discounted pair is eligible for a full refund or credit. if returning only the full price item we will deduct the amount discounted when issuing a refund or credit.once used, eyebucks are non-refundable. after the initial 30 day period, on any order, your order is refundable in store credit only. on “re-lens” orders using a rimless frame, the custom drilling and mounting fees cannot be refunded. *excluded lenses: multifocal lenses: bifocal and progressive lens orders may be exchanged or remade one time at no cost within the first 90 days after delivery. any changes to an order prior to shipping will count as the allowed free exchange or remake. if a full refund is requested, you have the option of applying it to either your original credit card or your in-store eyebucks account, less a 30% restocking fee. contact lenses: these items may be returned within 60 days of purchase provided they are unopened, undamaged, have not been written on and are in original condition. such returns will receive credit in full. sorry, our manufacturers will not allow us to return opened or otherwise damaged boxes or vials (as described above), so we do not accept them and cannot guarantee their safe return if sent to us in this condition. effective date: 1/23/17 × close modal worry-free warranty warranty type will be determined by the date of postmark. all refunds/credits will be issued on date of receipt. returned items must be in original condition in the hard case you received from us. however you may keep any accessories as our free gift. what's your return policy? at 39dollarglasses.com, we offer a 100% worry-free guarantee! our objective is simple: to make sure every customer has a wonderful experience purchasing from us. if you are unhappy for any reason, you may return your eyeglasses for a one-time exchange at no cost or a full store credit for up to 90 days after delivery! we even provide free return shipping! alternatively, you may request a full refund* on your original order if you return the merchandise within 30 days after delivery; shipping charges are non-refundable. *there are limitations regarding multifocal lenses (progressives and bifocals). see below for details. here's what you need to know: contact us by phone, live chat or email within 90 days of when your order was delivered. we will happily provide you a return merchandise authorization (rma) number along with a prepaid postage return label (domestic first-class u.s. mail only). your warranty coverage is based off of the postmark shown on your returned package, and the lens type you ordered (see below for limitations). we cannot process or honor returns without an rma number. for a full refund to your original payment method, please contact us for an rma and prepaid shipping label. the returned package will need to be postmarked within 30 days of the original delivery date. refunds can only be issued after we have received the original merchandise back, and will be issued in line with your warranty coverage and minus any discounts given on the original order. after the original order is remade, subsequent remakes will be assessed a 50% remake fee. refunds requested after a remake is performed will be assessed at 50% of the original order price, or you may request a 50% refund in store credit. remake fees are non-refundable. returned items must be in original condition and in the hard case you received from us. however, you may keep any accessories as our free gift. if returning one pair from a buy one get one promotion, the discounted pair is eligible for a full refund or credit. if returning only the full price item we will deduct the amount discounted when issuing a refund or credit. once used, eyebucks are non-refundable. after the initial 30 day period, on any order, your order is refundable in store credit only. on “re-lens” orders using a rimless frame, the custom drilling and mounting fees cannot be refunded. if returning a re-lens order, the re-lens handling fee is non-refundable. if returning a 'home try-on' order, the $10 fee charged is only refundable in eyebucks which can be used toward a future order of frames and lenses. * excluded lenses: multifocal lenses: bifocal and progressive lens orders may be exchanged or remade one time at no cost within the first 90 days after delivery. any changes to an order prior to shipping will count as the allowed free exchange or remake. if a full refund is requested, you have the option of applying it to either your original credit card or your in-store eyebucks account, less a 30% restocking fee. effective date: 1/23/17 × close modal sign in e-mail address for signing in password remember me sign in or sign in with google don't have an account yet? forgot your password? first name last name e-mail address for registering password confirm password register or register with google already have an account? please ensure javascript is enabled for purposes of website accessibility × close modal × close modal try-on these glasses virtually! use your smartphone to scan the qr code and open the virtual try-on app. no download required! you have already selected the maximum 5 frames for home trial. please remove one selected frame to add a new one. got it keeping your re-lens pair separate will allow us to process each order more efficiently please complete your re-lens order first or save it for later in order to add items for home trial got it at this time home trial is only available in the usa. got it × close modal × close modal try-on these glasses virtually! use your smartphone to scan the qr code and open the virtual try-on app. no download required!