来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20231231031137/https://www.39dollarglasses.com/vision-insurance
================================================================================

glasses insurance - can i use fsa or hsa money for glasses? loading opens in a new window worry-free warranty | free return shipping accessibility adjustments worry-free warranty free return shipping prescription lenses included custom crafted in the usa fast production and delivery accessibility adjustments toggle navigation my account my wishlist my cart shop eyeglasses women men unisex kids new arrivals clearance shop all eyeglasses re-lens your frame shop women's eyeglasses view our stylish collection of women’s designs shop now shop men's eyeglasses see all our men’s metal and plastic frames shop now shop kids' eyeglasses check out our durable and adorable children’s frames shop now shop all eyeglasses check out all our sturdy and stylish frames shop now shop new lenses for your old frame send in your frame and we’ll replace your lenses shop now shop new arrivals update your look with this year’s latest styles shop now shop clearance frames see all our limited clearance items shop now shop sunglasses women men unisex kids new arrivals clearance shop all sunglasses re-lens your frame shop women's sunglasses look good and protect your eyes with our sunnies shop now shop men's sunglasses protect your eyes with our stylish sunglasses shop now shop kids' sunglasses cute and sturdy styles for some fun in the sun shop now shop all sunglasses look good while protecting your eyes shop now shop new lenses for your old frame send in your frame and we’ll replace your lenses shop now shop new arrivals update your look with this year’s latest styles shop now shop clearance frames see all our limited clearance items shop now shop by lens ultimateview™ single vision shop frames for your new lenses ultimateview™ progressive (no-line) premium quality progressives at a great price ultimateview™ lined bifocals choose ft-28 lined bifocals ultimateview™ anti-reflective reduce glare significantly in your every day life ultimateview™ polarized reduce glare with polarized sunglasses transitions® lenses go from clear lenses to sun lenses in seconds crizal® prevencia® shop top quality anti-reflective coating varilux® progressives shop the most trusted name in progressives blue495™ blue light-blocker block harmful blue light neurolux™ glasses fl-41 lenses for headaches workspace™ progressives progressives for computer distance view all our lenses ultimateview™ single vision ultimateview™ progressive (no-line) ultimateview™ lined bifocals ultimateview™ anti-reflective ultimateview™ polarized transitions® lenses crizal® prevencia® varilux® progressives blue495™ blue light-blocker neurolux™ glasses workspace™ progressives view all our lenses shop contacts my account my wishlist my cart 1-800-672-6304 hours of operation:mon-fri 9:00am - 5:00pm (est) faqs & other ways to contact us buying glasses online glasses insurance glasses insurance custom crafted in the usa fast delivery and free returns owned by eye doctors 100% worry free guarantee × close modal custom crafted in the usa all of our frames and lenses are customized and assembled in our optical lab located in long island, ny. they go through a rigorous quality assurance process at the end of production to ensure that every customer gets the highest quality prescription eyeglasses and sunglasses. × close modal fast delivery and free returns with our quick production time and various shipping options, most orders are shipped and delivered within a week from the order date. for returns, contact us within 30 days of receiving your order and we will happily provide you with a prepaid shipping label to send your order back to us. × close modal owned by eye doctors 39dollarglasses.com was developed by eye doctors to create an inexpensive method for people to acquire high-quality, finished prescription eyeglasses and sunglasses. from their experience in both pirate offices and retail establishments, the founders decided they could provide this service for people inexpensively, by bypassing expensive retail establishments. × close modal 100% worry free guarantee our objective is simple: to make sure every customer has a wonderful experience purchasing from us. if you are unhappy for any reason, you may return your eyeglasses for a one-time exchange at no cost or a full store credit for up to 90 days after delivery! alternatively, you may request a full refund* on your original order if you return the merchandise within 30 days after delivery. *not applicable on excluded lenses. for more details click here. do you have vision insurance? did you know that you can get reimbursement from your insurance company for eyeglasses, sunglasses, or contact lenses? you can! whether you have standard vision insurance or flexible spending accounts (fsa) or health savings accounts (hsa) dollars that need to be used by the end of the year, 39dollarglasses can help. how do i buy glasses online with insurance? the process is simple. you just need to follow these simple steps: complete your glasses purchase on 39dollarglasses fill out the claim form for your specific insurance provider print your insurance receipt from your user account send your claim form and insurance receipt to your insurance provider see our list of common insurance providers for instructions on how to complete their reimbursement form after purchasing glasses online through 39dollarglasses. if your insurance company is not listed below, please contact them directly for additional information. insurance provider - reimbursement form information aetna eyemed anthem (bluecross blueshield) humana avesis nva cigna spectera davis vision superior vision can i use fsa or hsa money for glasses? yes, you can! flexible spending accounts (fsa) and health savings accounts (hsa) are great ways to ensure you have the funds to cover health expenses when they arise. these tax-exempt financial options allow the investor to put money aside for both planned and unexpected medical costs. this includes purchasing glasses from us! follow our steps above, to request reimbursement from your fsa or hsa after you have purchased your glasses or sunglasses. how do i print an insurance receipt? after purchasing your glasses from 39dollarglasses, you can easily print your insurance receipts from your user account no insurance? no problem save up to 80% off retail prices no monthly premiums no deductible no referrals required no frame restrictions conveniently delivered to your home or office all the extras included * fast shipping and free returns ** 1-year free frame replacing get 4% cash back for shopping perks 39 dollar glasses vision insurance save up to 80% off retail prices no monthly premiums no deductible no referrals required no frame restrictions conveniently delivered to your home or office all the extras included * fast shipping and free returns ** 1-year free frame replacing get 4% cash back for shopping * light and thin lenses, scratch-resistant coating, polished edges, uva/uvb protection** free standard shipping returns for us customers only. lenses we carry the highest quality lenses at very affordable prices, even without vision insurance. lenses such as; ultimateview polarized, hd and varilux progressives (no-line bifocals), as well as transitions®. as a company owned by doctors, we make it our priority to only carry the best products in the industry. see our lenses frames our stylish frames are made by the same companies that manufacture name-brand frames. however, since we do not have the logos put on, we are able to save money on licensing fees and pass the savings on to our customers, especially those without vision care plans, using the same quality frames you would get at your local store. shop our frames × close modal provider fill out the claim form send the form along with your insurance receipt to the following address: worry free guarantee 30 day free returns need help? visit our faq. call us 1-800-672-6304 email us send us an email us hours of operation: monday - friday 9:00am - 5:00pm (est) call us directly: 1-631-816-2200 or toll free (us only): 1-800-672-6304 about us about us social responsibility about our frames helpful information contact us help center create an account sign in vision insurance free returns about your prescription about your pd price list resources alphapointe blog resources styles and trends programs customer rewards affiliate program referral program military discount first responder discount teacher's discount gift card home trial hours of operation: monday - friday 9:00am - 5:00pm (est) call us directly: 1-631-816-2200 or toll free (us only): 1-800-672-6304 about us go to the about us page through dropdown on desktop about us social responsibility about our frames about us go to the about us page through dropdown on mobile about us social responsibility about our frames helpful information go to the helpful information page through dropdown on desktop contact us help center create an account sign in vision insurance free returns about your prescription about your pd price list helpful information go to the helpful information page through dropdown on mobile contact us help center create an account sign in vision insurance free returns about your prescription about your pd price list resources go to the resources page through dropdown on desktop alphapointe blog resources styles and trends resources go to the resources page through dropdown on mobile alphapointe blog resources styles and trends programs go to the programs page through dropdown on desktop customer rewards affiliate program referral program military discount first responder discount teacher's discount gift card home trial programs go to the programs page through dropdown on mobile customer rewards affiliate program referral program military discount first responder discount teacher's discount gift card home trial follow us: our instagram our facebook our twitter our pinterest our youtube channel we accept: customer ratings: our brands: accessibility adjustments accessibility statement privacy policy cookie policy site map © 2000-2024 39dollarglasses.com all rights reserved. x warranty type will be determined by the date of contact. all refunds/credits will be issued on date of receipt. returned items must be in original condition in the hard case you received from us. however you may keep any accessories as our free gift. what's your return policy? at 39dollarglasses.com, we offer a 100% worry-free guarantee! our objective is simple: to make sure every customer has a wonderful experience purchasing from us. if you are unhappy for any reason, you may return your eyeglasses for a one-time exchange at no cost or a full store credit for up to 90 days after delivery! we even provide free return shipping! alternatively, you may request a full refund* on your original order if you contact us within 30 days after delivery; shipping charges are non-refundable. (*there are limitations regarding multifocal lenses (progressives and bifocals) and contact lenses. see below for details. here's what you need to know: contact us by phone, live chat or email within 90 days of when your order was delivered. we will happily provide you a return merchandise authorization (rma) number along with a prepaid postage return label (domestic first-class u.s. mail only). your warranty coverage is based off of the date you contact us, and the lens type you ordered (see below for limitations). we cannot process or honor returns without an rma number for a full refund to your original payment method, you must contact us to request an rma within 30 days of the original delivery date. refunds can only be issued after we have received the original merchandise back, and will be issued in line with your warranty coverage and minus any discounts given on the original order. after the original order is remade, subsequent remakes will be assessed a 50% remake fee. refunds requested after a remake is performed will be assessed at 50% of the original order price, or you may request a 50% refund in store credit. remake fees are non-refundable. returned items must be in original condition and in the hard case you received from us. however you may keep any accessories as our free gift. if returning one pair from a buy one get one promotion, the discounted pair is eligible for a full refund or credit. if returning only the full price item we will deduct the amount discounted when issuing a refund or credit.once used, eyebucks are non-refundable. after the initial 30 day period, on any order, your order is refundable in store credit only. on “re-lens” orders using a rimless frame, the custom drilling and mounting fees cannot be refunded. *excluded lenses: multifocal lenses: bifocal and progressive lens orders may be exchanged or remade one time at no cost within the first 90 days after delivery. any changes to an order prior to shipping will count as the allowed free exchange or remake. if a full refund is requested, you have the option of applying it to either your original credit card or your in-store eyebucks account, less a 30% restocking fee. contact lenses: these items may be returned within 60 days of purchase provided they are unopened, undamaged, have not been written on and are in original condition. such returns will receive credit in full. sorry, our manufacturers will not allow us to return opened or otherwise damaged boxes or vials (as described above), so we do not accept them and cannot guarantee their safe return if sent to us in this condition. effective date: 1/23/17 × close modal worry-free warranty warranty type will be determined by the date of postmark. all refunds/credits will be issued on date of receipt. returned items must be in original condition in the hard case you received from us. however you may keep any accessories as our free gift. what's your return policy? at 39dollarglasses.com, we offer a 100% worry-free guarantee! our objective is simple: to make sure every customer has a wonderful experience purchasing from us. if you are unhappy for any reason, you may return your eyeglasses for a one-time exchange at no cost or a full store credit for up to 90 days after delivery! we even provide free return shipping! alternatively, you may request a full refund* on your original order if you return the merchandise within 30 days after delivery; shipping charges are non-refundable. *there are limitations regarding multifocal lenses (progressives and bifocals). see below for details. here's what you need to know: contact us by phone, live chat or email within 90 days of when your order was delivered. we will happily provide you a return merchandise authorization (rma) number along with a prepaid postage return label (domestic first-class u.s. mail only). your warranty coverage is based off of the postmark shown on your returned package, and the lens type you ordered (see below for limitations). we cannot process or honor returns without an rma number. for a full refund to your original payment method, please contact us for an rma and prepaid shipping label. the returned package will need to be postmarked within 30 days of the original delivery date. refunds can only be issued after we have received the original merchandise back, and will be issued in line with your warranty coverage and minus any discounts given on the original order. after the original order is remade, subsequent remakes will be assessed a 50% remake fee. refunds requested after a remake is performed will be assessed at 50% of the original order price, or you may request a 50% refund in store credit. remake fees are non-refundable. returned items must be in original condition and in the hard case you received from us. however, you may keep any accessories as our free gift. if returning one pair from a buy one get one promotion, the discounted pair is eligible for a full refund or credit. if returning only the full price item we will deduct the amount discounted when issuing a refund or credit. once used, eyebucks are non-refundable. after the initial 30 day period, on any order, your order is refundable in store credit only. on “re-lens” orders using a rimless frame, the custom drilling and mounting fees cannot be refunded. if returning a re-lens order, the re-lens handling fee is non-refundable. if returning a 'home try-on' order, the $10 fee charged is only refundable in eyebucks which can be used toward a future order of frames and lenses. * excluded lenses: multifocal lenses: bifocal and progressive lens orders may be exchanged or remade one time at no cost within the first 90 days after delivery. any changes to an order prior to shipping will count as the allowed free exchange or remake. if a full refund is requested, you have the option of applying it to either your original credit card or your in-store eyebucks account, less a 30% restocking fee. effective date: 1/23/17 × close modal sign in e-mail address for signing in password remember me sign in or sign in with google don't have an account yet? forgot your password? first name last name e-mail address for registering password confirm password register or register with google already have an account? please ensure javascript is enabled for purposes of website accessibility