来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20250523172142/https://www.39dollarglasses.com/about_us.html
================================================================================

about us | 39 dollar glasses opens in a new window celebrating 25 years! worry-free warranty free return shipping prescription lenses included custom crafted in the usa fast production and delivery toggle navigation my account shop eyeglasses women men unisex kids new arrivals show all lens replacement shop women's eyeglasses view our stylish collection of women’s designs shop now shop men's eyeglasses see all our men’s metal and plastic frames shop now shop kids' eyeglasses check out our durable and adorable children’s frames shop now shop all eyeglasses check out all our sturdy and stylish frames shop now shop new lenses for your old frame send in your frame and we’ll replace your lenses shop now shop new arrivals update your look with this year’s latest styles shop now shop sunglasses women men unisex kids new arrivals show all lens replacement shop women's sunglasses look good and protect your eyes with our sunnies shop now shop men's sunglasses protect your eyes with our stylish sunglasses shop now shop kids' sunglasses cute and sturdy styles for some fun in the sun shop now shop all sunglasses look good while protecting your eyes shop now shop new lenses for your old frame send in your frame and we’ll replace your lenses shop now shop new arrivals update your look with this year’s latest styles shop now shop by lens ultimateview™ single-vision shop frames for your new lenses ultimateview™ progressives (no-line) premium quality progressives at a great price ultimateview™ lined bifocals choose ft-28 lined bifocals ultimateview™ anti-reflective reduce glare significantly in your every day life ultimateview™ polarized sunglasses reduce glare with polarized sunglasses transitions® lenses go from clear lenses to sun lenses in seconds crizal® prevencia® shop top quality anti-reflective coating varilux® progressives shop the most trusted name in progressives ultimateview™ with blue495 block harmful blue light neurolux duo™ headache glasses fl-41 two pair set for headaches workspace™ progressives progressives for computer distance view all our lenses lens replacement my account my wishlist my cart shop eyeglasses women men unisex kids new arrivals show all lens replacement shop sunglasses women men unisex kids new arrivals show all lens replacement shop by lens ultimateview™ single vision ultimateview™ progressive (no-line) ultimateview™ lined bifocals ultimateview™ anti-reflective ultimateview™ polarized transitions® lenses crizal® prevencia® varilux® progressives blue495™ blue light-blocker neurolux duo™ glasses workspace™ progressives shop contacts lens replacement 1-800-672-6304 hours of operation: mon-fri 9:00am - 5:00pm (est) faqs & other ways to contact us your browser does not support the video tag. about us 39dollarglasses.com was developed by eye doctors to create an inexpensive method for people to acquire high-quality, finished prescription eyeglasses. custom crafted in the usa owned by eye doctors fast delivery and free returns 100% worry free guarantee × close modal custom crafted in the usa all of our frames and lenses are customized and assembled in our optical lab located in long island, ny. they go through a rigorous quality assurance process at the end of production to ensure that every customer gets the highest quality prescription eyeglasses and sunglasses. × close modal owned by eye doctors 39dollarglasses.com was developed by eye doctors to create an inexpensive method for people to acquire high-quality, finished prescription eyeglasses and sunglasses. from their experience in both private offices and retail establishments, the founders decided they could provide this service for people inexpensively, by bypassing expensive retail establishments. × close modal fast delivery and free returns with our quick production time and various shipping options, most orders are shipped and delivered within a week from the order date. for returns, contact us within 30 days of receiving your order and we will happily provide you with a prepaid shipping label to send your order back to us. × close modal 100% worry free guarantee our objective is simple: to make sure every customer has a wonderful experience purchasing from us. if you are unhappy for any reason, you may return your eyeglasses for a one-time exchange at no cost or a full store credit for up to 90 days after delivery! alternatively, you may request a full refund* on your original order if you return the merchandise within 30 days after delivery. *not applicable on excluded lenses. for more details click here. 39dollarglasses was developed to create an affordable way for people to acquire name-brand quality prescription eyeglasses and sunglasses. we use the same high-quality materials as retail stores but because of our high volume, and since we don't have the additional overhead constraints such as retail rent space, behind-the-counter employees, and expensive displays. we can heavily discount our products and pass the savings on to you. additionally, we have expanded our affordability into contacts, and sleep glasses with our brands: onlinecontacts, ocusafe, and ocusleep. we wanted to ensure quality materials, great prices, proper eye care, and affordable prices for people with a wider range of optic needs. we use the same high-quality materials as retail stores but because of our high volume, and since we don't have the additional overhead constraints such as retail rent space, behind-the-counter employees, and expensive displays. we can heavily discount our products and pass the savings on to you. additionally, we have expanded our affordability into contacts, and sleep glasses with our brands: onlinecontacts, ocusafe, and ocusleep. we wanted to ensure quality materials, great prices, proper eye care, and affordable prices for people with a wider range of optic needs. learn more about our brands testimonials amazing. i love these glasses. i priced them at the mall - $275!!! julie s. stow, oh everything went very well! i received my eyeglasses earlier than i was informed of and for the price, they are the best deal around!!! thank you!! gina b. huntington beach, ca this is the absolute best deal when it comes to eyeglasses. my old glasses have these thick coke-bottle lenses, but these new glasses have some of the best thinnest lenses i’ve ever seen with my prescription (-4.50) wow wow wow... i got a price of $270 for a comparable pair, and those didn't even have the anti-reflective coating. great frame, awesome lenses, fast delivery, even the case is nice! omid i. northridge, ca as a former usn flight surgeon who used to refract eyes and as a pathologist who needs keen vision, i recommend 39dollarglasses.com. joseph s., m.d. lombard, il customer service is a wow! quality excellent, and prices are great. couldn't be happier. gay w. san diego, ca giving back to the community teacher’s discount we give a free pair to a student of your choice learn more military discount for all active members and veterans learn more first responder all active members are eligible learn more social responsibility we are an american company that believes in giving back to our community. over the years, assisting those in need has become a priority for 39dollarglasses.com. through our work with the lions club international organization we have donated over $600,000.00 worth of eyeglasses to people who cannot afford eyewear. the eyeglasses that we donate are the very same glasses that we sell. made from premium lenses and high quality materials. supporting children’s vision health social responsibility we are an american company that believes in giving back to our community. over the years, assisting those in need has become a priority for 39dollarglasses.com. through our work with the lions club international organization we have donated over $600,000.00 worth of eyeglasses to people who cannot afford eyewear. the eyeglasses that we donate are the very same glasses that we sell. made from premium lenses and high quality materials. supporting children’s vision health although everyone should have access to eye care, the lack of vision correction is especially impactful for children. without proper eye care, children are at risk of obstructing their academic and social success. for this reason, we have worked with various organizations that are dedicated to providing eyeglasses to children. this includes working with the new york city public schools and the kress vision program. another organization we believe in is helen keller international, a wonderful organization that has helped us to provide 500 pairs of new eyeglasses to children in need. need help? visit our faq. call us 1-800-672-6304 email us send us an email. hours of operation: monday - friday 9:00am - 5:00pm (est) call us directly: 1-631-816-2200 or toll free (us only): 1-800-672-6304 about us about us social responsability about our frames our brands helpful information contact us help center create an account sign in vision insurance free returns about your prescription about your pd price list resources alphapointe blog resources styles and trends bose audio sunglasses amazon echo smart frames programs customer rewards affiliate program referral program military discount first responder discount teacher's discount gift card home trial lens replacement about us about us social responsability about our frames our brands helpful information contact us help center create an account sign in vision insurance free returns about your prescription about your pd price list resources alphapointe blog resources styles and trends bose audio sunglasses amazon echo smart frames programs customer rewards affiliate program referral program military discount first responder discount teacher's discount gift card home trial lens replacement follow us: our instagram our facebook our twitter our pinterest our youtube channel we accept: customer ratings: our brands: accessibility adjustments accessibility statement privacy policy cookie policy site map © 2000-2025 39dollarglasses.com all rights reserved. please ensure javascript is enabled for purposes of website accessibility