来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20250523172142/https://www.39dollarglasses.com/sunglasses/men
================================================================================

prescription sunglasses for men from $39dollarglasses opens in a new window loading celebrating 25 years! worry-free warranty free return shipping prescription lenses included custom crafted in the usa fast production and delivery toggle navigation my account shop eyeglasses women men kids new arrivals show all re-lens your frame shop women's eyeglasses view our stylish collection of women’s designs shop now shop men's eyeglasses see all our men’s metal and plastic frames shop now shop kids' eyeglasses check out our durable and adorable children’s frames shop now shop all eyeglasses check out all our sturdy and stylish frames shop now shop new lenses for your old frame send in your frame and we’ll replace your lenses shop now shop new arrivals update your look with this year’s latest styles shop now shop sunglasses women men kids new arrivals show all re-lens your frame shop women's sunglasses look good and protect your eyes with our sunnies shop now shop men's sunglasses protect your eyes with our stylish sunglasses shop now shop kids' sunglasses cute and sturdy styles for some fun in the sun shop now shop all sunglasses look good while protecting your eyes shop now shop new lenses for your old frame send in your frame and we’ll replace your lenses shop now shop new arrivals update your look with this year’s latest styles shop now shop by lens ultimateview™ single-vision shop frames for your new lenses ultimateview™ progressives (no-line) premium quality progressives at a great price ultimateview™ lined bifocals choose ft-28 lined bifocals ultimateview™ anti-reflective reduce glare significantly in your every day life ultimateview™ polarized sunglasses reduce glare with polarized sunglasses transitions® lenses go from clear lenses to sun lenses in seconds crizal® prevencia® shop top quality anti-reflective coating varilux® progressives shop the most trusted name in progressives ultimateview™ with blue495 block harmful blue light neurolux duo™ headache glasses fl-41 two pair set for headaches workspace™ progressives progressives for computer distance view all our lenses re-lens your frame my account my wishlist my cart shop eyeglasses women men kids new arrivals show all re-lens your frame shop sunglasses women men kids new arrivals show all re-lens your frame shop by lens ultimateview™ single vision ultimateview™ progressive (no-line) ultimateview™ lined bifocals ultimateview™ anti-reflective ultimateview™ polarized transitions® lenses crizal® prevencia® varilux® progressives blue495™ blue light-blocker neurolux duo™ glasses workspace™ progressives shop contacts re-lens your frame 1-800-672-6304 hours of operation: mon-fri 9:00am - 5:00pm (est) faqs & other ways to contact us filter & sort 0 results prescription sunglasses for men show filters 0 results new hillman $39 black try me on! try me on! staff pick new aviator 211 $45 gold try me on! try me on! new parkview $39 matte charcoal try me on! try me on! aviator 26 $39 gunmetal try me on! try me on! university $39 matte tortoise try me on! try me on! send us your frame re-lens your frame $39 shop now mason $39 black/gray try me on! try me on! new norton $39 black navy try me on! try me on! new callen $39 grey try me on! try me on! seaview $39 black try me on! try me on! milford $39 black try me on! try me on! kent $39 black/grey try me on! try me on! jax $48 black/gunmetal try me on! try me on! new arlo $45 black gold try me on! try me on! new reid $43 navy/silver try me on! try me on! new hawthorne $39 matte black try me on! try me on! new miko $55 black gold try me on! try me on! emerson $39 black try me on! try me on! new sanlow $39 black try me on! try me on! new buchanan $39 black try me on! try me on! tate $39 matte black try me on! try me on! elwood $48 black try me on! try me on! new thiago $39 black try me on! try me on! college $44 black try me on! try me on! new abbott $39 blue try me on! try me on! new aviator 53 $45 gunmetal/black try me on! try me on! navigator $39 gunmetal try me on! try me on! bristol $39 brown try me on! try me on! meriden $39 black try me on! try me on! new branson $39 black try me on! try me on! new graham $39 antique brown try me on! try me on! breeze $39 crystal try me on! try me on! woodmere $39 black/blue try me on! try me on! bellamy $39 crystal try me on! try me on! new lincoln $39 gold try me on! try me on! new richmond $39 gunmetal try me on! try me on! new stratus $43 blue try me on! try me on! new alton $43 gunmetal try me on! try me on! new lancaster $39 demi try me on! try me on! arden $39 matte black try me on! try me on! alpine $39 brown try me on! try me on! leonardo $39 gunmetal try me on! try me on! ernest hemingway 4697 $59 tortoise try me on! try me on! alba $39 matte black/crystal try me on! try me on! new arlington $45 black try me on! try me on! bliss $39 black try me on! try me on! new argyle $43 crystal gray try me on! try me on! westport $39 matte black try me on! try me on! oxygen $39 matte black try me on! try me on! new utopia $39 black try me on! try me on! liberty $55 platinum try me on! try me on! warren $39 black try me on! try me on! new paxton $39 gray try me on! try me on! new culver $45 blue try me on! try me on! carlton $39 black try me on! try me on! dartmouth $39 black try me on! try me on! new blake $39 black try me on! try me on! quest $39 crystal try me on! try me on! new huey $39 black try me on! try me on! new casey $43 tortoise/crystal try me on! try me on! sunglasses for men we’ve got the eye protection you need in the looks you want. at 39dollarglasses, we offer a large selection of stylish sunglasses for men, featuring today’s most popular styles. when you’re looking for the latest shades, be sure to choose sunglasses with lenses customized to your prescription. they… we’ve got the eye protection you need in the looks you want. at 39dollarglasses, we offer a large selection of stylish sunglasses for men, featuring today’s most popular styles. when you’re looking for the latest shades, be sure to choose sunglasses with lenses customized to your prescription. they should provide 100% uv protection. the health of your eyes is vital so choose sunglasses that support clearer, sharper vision even in bright sunlight. we stock an extensive selection of men’s frames in a variety of lightweight materials. we’ll meet your needs whether you want classic black-framed sunglasses, gun metal aviators or rimless glasses crafted from flexible materials. you’ll find must-have frames, durable go-to glasses, professional standouts, and retro designs starting at just $39! style isn’t the only factor to consider with a pair of prescription sunglasses for men. your glasses should be durable and suited to your activities. we make it easy to select the perfect pair of ones for your lifestyle. to find a frame faster, you can filter your results by shape, color and more. also choose your preferred lens tint and see how it pairs up with your favorite frames. 39dollarglasses is the place to order men’s shades and women’s sunglasses for less. sport the look you want sooner, when you shop now. read more order men’s prescription sunglasses and shades online no matter where you live, you need sunglasses to deliver protection for your eyes against harmful ultraviolet rays. our men’s prescription sunglasses and shades are crafted in the usa to meet your vision needs and style preferences. you’ll get a complete pair of men’s rx sunglasses that includes th… no matter where you live, you need sunglasses to deliver protection for your eyes against harmful ultraviolet rays. our men’s prescription sunglasses and shades are crafted in the usa to meet your vision needs and style preferences. you’ll get a complete pair of men’s rx sunglasses that includes the frames and lenses for one low price. that means you can have precision optics with your tint choice framed in a stylish pair of sunglasses. each pair comes with a complete guarantee of worry-free satisfaction. while you’re ordering the ideal men’s prescription shades online, also browse our eyeglasses for men. with our low prices, you can get your vision needs conveniently covered in one place. read more frequently asked questions how wide are men’s glasses? as with our women’s and children’s glasses, 39dollarglasses has a wide choice of frame widths and temple arm lengths for men’s sunglasses. on average, men’s faces tend to be a bit wider than women’s, so men's sunglasses don’t come in the narrowest width. although women's glasses can be as thin as 71mm, the narrowest of men's styles measure between 120 and 129 mm, medium width is between 130 and 139mm, wide is 130-139 mm, and extra-wide is at least 150 mm wide. we also provide a measurement for the earpieces, called temple arms. short temple arms are between 80 and 130 mm, and the longest we have runs 146mm to 180mm. so, no matter what shaped face and head you may have, we have attractive men’s style glasses for you. what are the best sunglasses for men? the best sunglasses for men fit their style and work for their activities and lifestyle. a good pair of sunglasses, like a good haircut, makes all the difference in a guy’s looks. there was a time when men always completed an outfit with a hat. today, an attractive pair of men’s sunglasses completes any outfit. for some, an aviator style looks great, but others may want a more professional look and choose classic square-round shapes. hipsters may like round glasses or brightly colored or clear frames. men choose different lens colors, too. no matter the style, the fit should be perfect, and the lenses provide eye protection under the harshest conditions. if you wear prescription glasses, your sunglasses should be customized to your prescription and provide 100% uv protection, protecting you from serious eye conditions such as cataracts and photokeratitis. the health of your eyes is vital, so choose sunglasses that support clearer, sharper vision even in bright sunlight. no matter where you live, you need sunglasses to deliver protection for your eyes against harmful ultraviolet rays. what are cool sunglasses for men? the coolest fashions in men’s sunglasses for this winter and the coming summer have a few throwbacks, some hybrids, and some innovation. the d-shaped frame, an angular, oversized look is coming back. the futuristic style looks best on rounder faces. the wayfarer sunglasses are classics, and the squarer ones are becoming a trend. they are hipster but look good on most men. metal frames, gold or silver, are traditional and still popular, especially the flat brow style. aviators are also classic but oversized seems to be the way to go. a twist on aviators is the navigator style. these take the aviator shape and square them up. another classic style is the clubmaster, and they are currently in vogue. heavy brow line sunglasses are cool right now, too. you can find some hybrids that combine clubmasters with a heavier brow line. for a cool throwback, look to the vintage round style. they have been cool for a while now and don’t seem to be fading in popularity.so, to look cool in your new sunglasses, look through the many popular styles to choose from on 39dollarglasses today. you are sure to find some you like. what is the best brand of sunglasses for men? some of the top brands in men’s sunglasses include persols, oliver peoples, ray-ban, oakley, gucci, prada, american optical, mykita, randolph, tom ford, and maui jim. at 39dollarglasses, we offer a large selection of men's sunglasses in today’s most popular styles.. whether you want classic, black-framed sunglasses, gunmetal aviators, or rimless glasses crafted from flexible materials, we'll meet your needs. complete the look with lenses tinted in the color you prefer. if you spend lots of time at the beach or on the water, consider our polarized lenses that give you complete uv protection. 39dollarglasses is the best place to order men’s shades and women’s sunglasses for less. what are the best polarized sunglasses for men? maui jim sunglasses are considered by many to be the best manufacturer of polarized lenses. the company originated in hawaii, where sun glare is certainly a factor. glasses usa and nooz are two other popular manufacturers of polarized sunglasses. polarized lenses are treated with a special chemical to allow them to filter reflective light better. with polarized lenses, you can see well under the harshest light conditions. at 39dollarglasses, we offer our ultimateview polarized lenses for all our standard sunglasses. these highly effective polarized lenses drastically reduce glare, allowing you to see clearly even on the beach or out on the water. this, in turn, helps minimize vision strain and eye fatigue, which are both directly related to glare. from boating to beach fun and other outdoor activities, a pair of our quality polarized sunglasses keeps you protected from harmful glare and uv rays. how should sunglasses fit men? men’s sunglasses should fit well because if they hurt or don’t stay in place, you won’t be happy with them. the fit of men’s sunglasses should always be comfortable, and they should stay in place when you move. one key factor is the nose bridge which provides much of the support for glasses.  a too wide bridge on a too narrow nose means glasses are uncomfortable and slip off easily. if the bridge is too narrow, you’re your nose, they will sit too high and not stay on. make sure your eyes are in the center of the lenses by using the measuring tool on our website. get lenses large enough, so your eyes are completely covered and protected. your eyebrows should be above the frames, and your eyelashes should never brush against the lenses. pay attention to the width when you choose sunglasses; too narrow, and they will pinch and give you headaches. if they are too wide, they won't stay on, especially if you participate in sports. even glasses that fit well can become uncomfortable to wear if they are too heavy, so look at the weight of the frames, too, when shopping for men's sunglasses. how to buy sunglasses for men? to buy men’s sunglasses, start by measuring a pair of glasses that fit you well. if you look and there are numbers printed on the inside of the temple arm, the first is the measurement for the lens width, the second is the bridge width, and if there is a third number, it designates the temple arm length. these numbers will help you find sunglasses that fit you best. if you wear prescription glasses, the measurements should be on them but, you can take measurements yourself if the well-fitting glasses you have aren’t marked.decide on shapes that might work well for your face and what colors might work well with your coloring. finally, think about your own fashion sense and lifestyle. one guy might look great in round glasses but not feel comfortable with bright colors. someone else might avoid red glasses because they clash with red hair. executives might want sophisticated looks for weekdays and something fun for the weekends.next, choose your lens tint. at 39dollarglasses, you can choose from gray, brown, green, blue, rose, orange, or yellow. different colors offer various advantages. grey, for example, works well on both cloudy days and sunny and out on the water. grey is dark enough to give your eyes good protection. the red color within both brown and yellow lenses improves your depth perception. they are not as good on cloudy days with less light, but in bright conditions, amber sunglasses heighten contrast in color.  green glasses provide good contrast, too but a more accurate color interpretation. they protect your eyes from the sun while brightening things in shadow. blue lenses protect well against glare and sharpen contours you see. red or rose glasses work well in snowy conditions because they help your eyes adjust to contrast in the all-white landscape. then decide on whether you want polarized lenses or not. polarized lenses have been treated with a special chemical to allow them to filter reflective light. with polarized lenses, you can see well under the harshest light conditions. how to pick the right sunglasses men? choosing the right men’s sunglasses for you starts with determining your face shape. different styles of glasses compliment different face shapes. for example, you could have an oval, square, oblong, round, triangular, or heart-shaped face. women are often more aware of their face shape because they base hairstyles and makeup techniques on them. an oval face looks like an egg, standing on its narrow end, and a round face has the same dimension across the cheekbones as between forehead and chin. a square face is like a round one, but your jawline and forehead are wider and square-shaped. oblong has round edges like round faces, but the dimension between forehead and chin is longer. heart-shaped and triangular have wider foreheads and narrow chins. once you determine your shape, use the filtering tool on 39dollarglasses to see the best frame shapes for you. for example, for round faces, look for glasses slightly wider than your round face to slim your face. for a square face, we suggest oval, round sunglasses or square ones with some rounded edges. once you decide on a frame shape, ensure they will fit you properly. × close modal home trial × close modal × close modal try-on these glasses virtually! use your smartphone to scan the qr code and open the virtual try-on app. no download required! need help? visit our faq. call us 1-800-672-6304 email us send us an email. hours of operation: monday - friday 9:00am - 5:00pm (est) call us directly: 1-631-816-2200 or toll free (us only): 1-800-672-6304 about us about us social responsability about our frames our brands helpful information contact us help center create an account sign in vision insurance free returns about your prescription about your pd price list resources alphapointe blog resources styles and trends bose audio sunglasses amazon echo smart frames programs customer rewards affiliate program referral program military discount first responder discount teacher's discount gift card home trial lens replacement about us about us social responsability about our frames our brands helpful information contact us help center create an account sign in vision insurance free returns about your prescription about your pd price list resources alphapointe blog resources styles and trends bose audio sunglasses amazon echo smart frames programs customer rewards affiliate program referral program military discount first responder discount teacher's discount gift card home trial lens replacement follow us: our instagram our facebook our twitter our pinterest our youtube channel we accept: customer ratings: our brands: accessibility adjustments accessibility statement privacy policy cookie policy site map © 2000-2025 39dollarglasses.com all rights reserved. please ensure javascript is enabled for purposes of website accessibility × close modal would you like to delete your saved image? delete × close modal are you sure? you will lose all saved measurement information associated with this image. you can take another one at any moment by using the try me on! button. yes no × close modal your picture was deleted successfully continue