来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20250523172142/https://www.39dollarglasses.com/sunglasses/women
================================================================================

prescription sunglasses for women from $39dollarglasses opens in a new window loading celebrating 25 years! worry-free warranty free return shipping prescription lenses included custom crafted in the usa fast production and delivery toggle navigation my account shop eyeglasses women men unisex kids new arrivals show all lens replacement shop women's eyeglasses view our stylish collection of women’s designs shop now shop men's eyeglasses see all our men’s metal and plastic frames shop now shop kids' eyeglasses check out our durable and adorable children’s frames shop now shop all eyeglasses check out all our sturdy and stylish frames shop now shop new lenses for your old frame send in your frame and we’ll replace your lenses shop now shop new arrivals update your look with this year’s latest styles shop now shop sunglasses women men unisex kids new arrivals show all lens replacement shop women's sunglasses look good and protect your eyes with our sunnies shop now shop men's sunglasses protect your eyes with our stylish sunglasses shop now shop kids' sunglasses cute and sturdy styles for some fun in the sun shop now shop all sunglasses look good while protecting your eyes shop now shop new lenses for your old frame send in your frame and we’ll replace your lenses shop now shop new arrivals update your look with this year’s latest styles shop now shop by lens ultimateview™ single-vision shop frames for your new lenses ultimateview™ progressives (no-line) premium quality progressives at a great price ultimateview™ lined bifocals choose ft-28 lined bifocals ultimateview™ anti-reflective reduce glare significantly in your every day life ultimateview™ polarized sunglasses reduce glare with polarized sunglasses transitions® lenses go from clear lenses to sun lenses in seconds crizal® prevencia® shop top quality anti-reflective coating varilux® progressives shop the most trusted name in progressives ultimateview™ with blue495 block harmful blue light neurolux duo™ headache glasses fl-41 two pair set for headaches workspace™ progressives progressives for computer distance view all our lenses lens replacement my account my wishlist my cart shop eyeglasses women men unisex kids new arrivals show all lens replacement shop sunglasses women men unisex kids new arrivals show all lens replacement shop by lens ultimateview™ single vision ultimateview™ progressive (no-line) ultimateview™ lined bifocals ultimateview™ anti-reflective ultimateview™ polarized transitions® lenses crizal® prevencia® varilux® progressives blue495™ blue light-blocker neurolux duo™ glasses workspace™ progressives shop contacts lens replacement 1-800-672-6304 hours of operation: mon-fri 9:00am - 5:00pm (est) faqs & other ways to contact us filter & sort 0 results prescription sunglasses for women show filters 0 results university $39 matte tortoise try me on! try me on! staff pick new aviator 211 $45 gold try me on! try me on! bliss $39 tortoise try me on! try me on! aviator 26 $39 gunmetal try me on! try me on! new valentina $45 tortoise try me on! try me on! send us your frame re-lens your frame $39 shop now new callen $43 black try me on! try me on! new kismet $53 black try me on! try me on! new thiago $39 black try me on! try me on! new shay $39 ombre brown try me on! try me on! new hayden $45 black try me on! try me on! breeze $39 crystal try me on! try me on! new aviator 53 $45 black try me on! try me on! new sanlow $43 black try me on! try me on! new anais $43 sand try me on! try me on! new croft $43 silver try me on! try me on! seaview $39 black try me on! try me on! emerson $39 black try me on! try me on! new clara $39 black try me on! try me on! arden $39 matte black try me on! try me on! new branson $43 black try me on! try me on! new arlo $45 black gold try me on! try me on! new richmond $39 gunmetal try me on! try me on! new belvidere $45 black/silver try me on! try me on! trento $39 black/crystal try me on! try me on! staff pick new cedar $43 demi amber try me on! try me on! new reid $43 black/silver try me on! try me on! staff pick new morris $43 brown try me on! try me on! navigator $39 gunmetal try me on! try me on! new walker $43 gunmetal try me on! try me on! alpine $39 grey/crystal try me on! try me on! new norton $43 black navy try me on! try me on! new paxton $39 crystal try me on! try me on! new meadow $43 blue marble try me on! try me on! ernest hemingway 4697 $59 black try me on! try me on! oxygen $39 matte black try me on! try me on! college $44 black try me on! try me on! seattle $39 black/crystal try me on! try me on! new darcy $39 black/blue try me on! try me on! staff pick new joy $39 aqua gold try me on! try me on! new buchanan $43 black try me on! try me on! woodmere $39 black/crystal try me on! try me on! new parkview $39 matte blue try me on! try me on! new lancaster $39 demi try me on! try me on! pupil $39 matte tortoise try me on! try me on! ashton $39 gold try me on! try me on! westport $39 matte black try me on! try me on! bristol $39 brown try me on! try me on! new abbott $39 light brown try me on! try me on! new arlington $45 black try me on! try me on! new kennedy $43 tortoise fade try me on! try me on! leonardo $39 gunmetal try me on! try me on! summer $39 violet try me on! try me on! shelby $39 black/teal leopard try me on! try me on! staff pick new charity $39 rose crystal try me on! try me on! new miko $55 black gold try me on! try me on! new blanche $39 black grape try me on! try me on! new bowen $43 navy try me on! try me on! new nora $39 pink frost try me on! try me on! bellamy $39 crystal try me on! try me on! sunglasses for women your eyes deserve quality sunglasses for women with 100% uv protection. enjoy choosing the frame size that works well for your face, provides the comfort you need and suits your personal style. if you wear prescription glasses, our rx sunglasses are a natural choice. they allow you to see clearly e… your eyes deserve quality sunglasses for women with 100% uv protection. enjoy choosing the frame size that works well for your face, provides the comfort you need and suits your personal style. if you wear prescription glasses, our rx sunglasses are a natural choice. they allow you to see clearly even in bright sunlight conditions. you can shield your eyes and have lenses that are precisely made to your specific prescription. our wide-ranging selection of women’s sunglasses offers comfortable fits and stylish looks. if your regular eyeglasses are in a sophisticated style, you might want to choose a trendy look, cool pattern or a vibrant color for your sunglasses. you can also select a coordinating lens tint like rose, grey or clear. take a look at our popular aviator designs. these iconic prescription sunglasses fuse a lightweight feel with premium construction. when you shop for women’s shades, you’ll get a complete pair of sunglasses starting at $39. that means the prescription lenses are included in every price you see. we also offer men’s sunglasses in sensational styles. read more women’s prescription sunglasses in today’s hottest styles they’re a fashion accessory and so much more. our women’s prescription sunglasses are eyewear you’ll want to have when driving, working, playing and relaxing outdoors. a quick switch from your prescription eyeglasses into your women’s rx sunglasses will change how you view outdoor activities. the c… they’re a fashion accessory and so much more. our women’s prescription sunglasses are eyewear you’ll want to have when driving, working, playing and relaxing outdoors. a quick switch from your prescription eyeglasses into your women’s rx sunglasses will change how you view outdoor activities. the convenience and protection of quality shades for women means you can relax on the patio or be safer on the road. our array of sunglass options make it fun to shop! find feminine, bold, sassy, trend-setting, vintage and other frame types to make you stand out in the crowd. you may have thought that to get a designer look you would have to pay a premium price. that’s where we offer a distinct advantage. 39dollarglasses is where you can order must-have frames with tinted lenses customized to your prescription. they’ll have the feel of premium-engineered frames, but you’ll enjoy them at a low price, and your look will be amazing. shop now! read more frequently asked questions how wide are women’s glasses? there are a few differences between men’s glasses and women’s glasses. one difference involves size.the average woman’s face is obviously slightly narrower than the average man’s face, so the glasses we’ve designed for women aren't as wide. whereas our men's glasses can be anywhere from 120 mm to 150 mm wide, the women's styles are between 71mm and 150 mm. the very narrow category features widths between 71 and 119 mm in the women's sizes. the next size is narrow, which is between 120 and 129 mm. the mediums are between 130 and 139 mm, and the wide width is 140 to 149mm. as with the men's, we have an x-large category that starts at 150mm wide. you will find frames to fit you no matter your face width. to give you the most accurate fit, we also offer a variety of arm lengths. the arm is the earpiece, which attaches to the frame and fits over your ear, and it’s just as important that you get the correct sized arm as the right width frame. arms for both men’s and women’s styles come in short(80-130mm), short/medium (131-136mm), medium (136-140mm), longer (141-145mm) and x-long(146-180mm). whatever your needs, 39dollarglasses has women’s sunglasses for you. how to select sunglasses for women? choosing the best sunglasses for women starts with considering your individual style. sunglasses are a fashion accessory as well as a practical necessity for eye protection from uv rays, so choosing a frame design to match your personal style is step one. so, for example, you might prefer more conservative shapes and colors if you're an executive or something a little crazier for your days off. for instance, hipsters might like round glasses and vivid colors, and professionals might go with more classic shapes and conservative colors.the second consideration should be your lifestyle because some people need a style that works for boating or participating in sports, and others need them mostly for driving. different lens colors provide various types of light filters. you need sunglasses with lenses that deliver protection for your eyes against harmful ultraviolet rays.fit is important, so choosing available styles in the width and arm length that fits you best should be a priority. the last two considerations are what looks best on your face and with your coloring. certain frame shapes look good with round faces, and others fit squarer faces better. choosing the right colors or patterns is also important. for example, certain frame colors may clash if you have red hair. how to choose sunglasses for women? before shopping for sunglasses, women should know their face shape and understand what frames look best for that shape. face shapes include round, oval, heart-shaped, square, triangular, diamond shape, and oblong. when looking in the mirror, imagine a line drawn across your forehead, down to the sides of your cheekbones, and to your jawline and chin. the shape created by these lines will match one of the above, and some frame styles look better on one shape than on another. for example, for an oval face, experts recommend frames that are wider than the widest part of the face. they recommend choosing geometric shapes over round or oval shapes. sometimes you know a pair of glasses look great on you, and you can duplicate the shape when choosing new ones.measure frames that fit you well now, to help you get the right new pair of sunglasses. sometimes the measurements are written on the earpiece, which can be helpful. find women's sunglass styles that come in the width and earpiece length you need.consider your lifestyle and activities and choose a lens color that best protects your eyes. at 39dollarglasses, we offer gray, brown, green, blue, rose, orange, or yellow-tinted lenses for prescription glasses. each color provides advantages. for example, gray works well on both cloudy and sunny days. gray is dark enough to give your eyes good protection out on the water. the red within brown or yellow lenses improves depth perception but isn’t as good for cloudy days. blue lenses protect well against glare and sharpen contours you see. red or rose glasses work well in snowy landscapes. depending on your hobbies and lifestyle, you may want more than one pair of prescription sunglasses. how do you know if sunglasses are for women? there was a time when it was easy to see at a glance which sunglasses were for men and which for women, but fashions aren't as distinct as they once were. glasses traditionally for men at one time are now available in women's sunglasses. although there are certainly unisex styles like aviators, you'll see that some frame shapes, style features, and sizes for women tend to differ somewhat from men's styles. on the 39dollarglasses website, our easy-to-use search system makes knowing which sunglasses are designed for women simple.  for example, women's sunglasses are often oversized, meaning the lenses are larger, and sometimes the frame edges are wider. wider, flatter frames in bright colors and fashion-forward patterns tend to appear more in women's sunglass styles. the cat-eye shape from the '50s and '60s is popular in women's sunglasses today but doesn't usually show up in men's styles. 39dollarglasses has several versions of the cat's eye style, from the traditional shape like in the zoey to more rounded versions like the marie claire, bella, and betty. the betty comes with a bright pink design popular with women. today, many styles are available in both men's and women's sunglasses, and we have a unisex category, as well. still, our easy filtering search system allows you to find the best sunglasses for women. how large is too large for women's sunglasses? while women's sunglass styles are often oversized, don't go overboard. the frames should still fit your face, not dominate it. if, when you look in the mirror, all you see is the sunglasses, your glasses are too large. you can also tell when sunglasses are too small for your face. the size should complement your looks. when you wear glasses with frames that are wider than your face, they don't look great, and chances are, they won't be comfortable either. the arms or earpieces won't fit properly, and the glasses will slide around.match your sunglasses to your face. for example, a woman with a small, heart-shaped face and delicate features shouldn't wear the largest sunglasses available because they overpower her looks rather than enhance them. a woman with a more rectangular face and larger features can wear larger frames and look great.wraparound styles are great for women because they give additional protection from the sides for peripheral vision and block the wind, but make sure the frames don't extend to the sides. the wrap should start just beyond the sides of the face and go straight back.experiment with different looks, based on your style, face shape, and daily routine, to find the ideal pair of women’s sunglasses. × close modal home trial × close modal × close modal try-on these glasses virtually! use your smartphone to scan the qr code and open the virtual try-on app. no download required! need help? visit our faq. call us 1-800-672-6304 email us send us an email. hours of operation: monday - friday 9:00am - 5:00pm (est) call us directly: 1-631-816-2200 or toll free (us only): 1-800-672-6304 about us about us social responsability about our frames our brands helpful information contact us help center create an account sign in vision insurance free returns about your prescription about your pd price list resources alphapointe blog resources styles and trends bose audio sunglasses amazon echo smart frames programs customer rewards affiliate program referral program military discount first responder discount teacher's discount gift card home trial lens replacement about us about us social responsability about our frames our brands helpful information contact us help center create an account sign in vision insurance free returns about your prescription about your pd price list resources alphapointe blog resources styles and trends bose audio sunglasses amazon echo smart frames programs customer rewards affiliate program referral program military discount first responder discount teacher's discount gift card home trial lens replacement follow us: our instagram our facebook our twitter our pinterest our youtube channel we accept: customer ratings: our brands: accessibility adjustments accessibility statement privacy policy cookie policy site map © 2000-2025 39dollarglasses.com all rights reserved. please ensure javascript is enabled for purposes of website accessibility × close modal would you like to delete your saved image? delete × close modal are you sure? you will lose all saved measurement information associated with this image. you can take another one at any moment by using the try me on! button. yes no × close modal your picture was deleted successfully continue