来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20171202231609/https://www.hollar.com/contact
================================================================================

contact us - hollar | so. much. good. stuff created with sketchtool. created with sketch. created with sketch. created with sketchtool. created with sketch. created with sketch. created with sketch. created with sketch. created with sketch. created with sketchtool. created with sketch. created with sketchtool. created with sketchtool. created with sketch. created with sketch. created with sketchtool. created with sketch. created with sketch. created with sketchtool. created with sketchtool. created with sketchtool. created with sketch. created with sketch. free shipping on eligible orders over $25 learn morehomepagewhat's new!price drop shop$1 shopcollectionsparty themeswin $100sign in0halloweenshop all halloweencostumeshome décorparty favors & gamespumpkin carvingtablewaretreat bags & bucketsfallshop all fallwomen’s clothingwomen’s hats, gloves, & scarveswomen's bags & jewelrywomen's socks & slippersmen’s hats, gloves, & scarvesmen’s socks & slipperskids’ sweaters & jacketskids’ socks & slipperskids’ hats, gloves, & scarveskids’ sleepwearchristmasshop all christmasbakingcraftsdecorationsgift bags & accessoriesgiftsgreeting cardshats & stockingsparty favors & gamesstoragetablewaretoys & favorshealthshop all healthexercise & fitnesshealth carepersonal careofficeshop all officearts & craftskids' arts & craftskids' backpacks & lunch bagskids' school suppliesoffice suppliesgroceryshop all grocerybakingbeveragesbreakfast & cerealcandy & snackscondiments, spreads & spicesdry grocerybeautyshop all beautybeauty toolscosmetic bags & organizersfragrancehair caremakeupnailsskincarehomeshop all homebathbeddinghome décorkids' homeoutdoor & gardeningstorage & organizationkitchenshop all kitchenbakeware & cookwarecutlerydrinkwarekids' kitchenkitchen applianceskitchen storagetablewaretools & gadgetstoysshop all toysaction figures & setsbuilding sets & blocksdollsdress up & hero playelectronics for kidsgames & puzzlesgrown-up toyslearning & educationmusic & soundnovelty toyssports & outdoor playstuffed animals & plush toysbabyshop all babybaby & toddler toysbaby shoes & clothingbath & pottydiaperingessentialshealth & safetynurserynursing & feedinghouseholdshop all householdair freshenersautomotivebatteriescleaning suppliesdishwashinghardwarehome applianceshousehold cleanerslaundrylight bulbsoutdoor & gardeningpaper & disposable plasticspest controltechshop all techaudio & videobatteries & powerbankscables & cordscamera accessoriescell phone accessorieselectronic toyslaptop & tablet accessoriesnetworking & surveillancemoviesshop all moviesbooksmoviesstyleshop all stylegirls' clothing & shoesboys' clothing & shoesjewelryjuniors' accessoriesjuniors' clothingkids' accessorieskids' shoesmen's accessoriesmen's clothing & shoestravel accessorieswomen's accessorieswomen's clothing & shoespetshop all petcatsdogs free shipping on eligible orders over $25 learn moredownload our appget $2 off with code soappycategoriesfall shop halloweenshop all halloweencostumeshome décorparty favors & gamespumpkin carvingtablewaretreat bags & bucketsfallshop all fallwomen’s clothingwomen’s hats, gloves, & scarveswomen's bags & jewelrywomen's socks & slippersmen’s hats, gloves, & scarvesmen’s socks & slipperskids’ sweaters & jacketskids’ socks & slipperskids’ hats, gloves, & scarveskids’ sleepwearchristmasshop all christmasbakingcraftsdecorationsgift bags & accessoriesgiftsgreeting cardshats & stockingsparty favors & gamesstoragetablewaretoys & favorshealthshop all healthexercise & fitnesshealth carepersonal careofficeshop all officearts & craftskids' arts & craftskids' backpacks & lunch bagskids' school suppliesoffice suppliesgroceryshop all grocerybakingbeveragesbreakfast & cerealcandy & snackscondiments, spreads & spicesdry grocerybeautyshop all beautybeauty toolscosmetic bags & organizersfragrancehair caremakeupnailsskincarehomeshop all homebathbeddinghome décorkids' homeoutdoor & gardeningstorage & organizationkitchenshop all kitchenbakeware & cookwarecutlerydrinkwarekids' kitchenkitchen applianceskitchen storagetablewaretools & gadgetstoysshop all toysaction figures & setsbuilding sets & blocksdollsdress up & hero playelectronics for kidsgames & puzzlesgrown-up toyslearning & educationmusic & soundnovelty toyssports & outdoor playstuffed animals & plush toysbabyshop all babybaby & toddler toysbaby shoes & clothingbath & pottydiaperingessentialshealth & safetynurserynursing & feedinghouseholdshop all householdair freshenersautomotivebatteriescleaning suppliesdishwashinghardwarehome applianceshousehold cleanerslaundrylight bulbsoutdoor & gardeningpaper & disposable plasticspest controltechshop all techaudio & videobatteries & powerbankscables & cordscamera accessoriescell phone accessorieselectronic toyslaptop & tablet accessoriesnetworking & surveillancemoviesshop all moviesbooksmoviesstyleshop all stylegirls' clothing & shoesboys' clothing & shoesjewelryjuniors' accessoriesjuniors' clothingkids' accessorieskids' shoesmen's accessoriesmen's clothing & shoestravel accessorieswomen's accessorieswomen's clothing & shoespetshop all petcatsdogswhat's new!price drop shop$1 shopcollectionsparty themes win $100sign inhollar blogsell on hollarabout uscontact usterms of serviceprivacy policypressfaqshomepagesign in0homepagehalloweenshop all halloweencostumeshome décorparty favors & gamespumpkin carvingtablewaretreat bags & bucketsfallshop all fallwomen’s clothingwomen’s hats, gloves, & scarveswomen's bags & jewelrywomen's socks & slippersmen’s hats, gloves, & scarvesmen’s socks & slipperskids’ sweaters & jacketskids’ socks & slipperskids’ hats, gloves, & scarveskids’ sleepwearchristmasshop all christmasbakingcraftsdecorationsgift bags & accessoriesgiftsgreeting cardshats & stockingsparty favors & gamesstoragetablewaretoys & favorshealthshop all healthexercise & fitnesshealth carepersonal careofficeshop all officearts & craftskids' arts & craftskids' backpacks & lunch bagskids' school suppliesoffice suppliesgroceryshop all grocerybakingbeveragesbreakfast & cerealcandy & snackscondiments, spreads & spicesdry grocerybeautyshop all beautybeauty toolscosmetic bags & organizersfragrancehair caremakeupnailsskincarehomeshop all homebathbeddinghome décorkids' homeoutdoor & gardeningstorage & organizationkitchenshop all kitchenbakeware & cookwarecutlerydrinkwarekids' kitchenkitchen applianceskitchen storagetablewaretools & gadgetstoysshop all toysaction figures & setsbuilding sets & blocksdollsdress up & hero playelectronics for kidsgames & puzzlesgrown-up toyslearning & educationmusic & soundnovelty toyssports & outdoor playstuffed animals & plush toysbabyshop all babybaby & toddler toysbaby shoes & clothingbath & pottydiaperingessentialshealth & safetynurserynursing & feedinghouseholdshop all householdair freshenersautomotivebatteriescleaning suppliesdishwashinghardwarehome applianceshousehold cleanerslaundrylight bulbsoutdoor & gardeningpaper & disposable plasticspest controltechshop all techaudio & videobatteries & powerbankscables & cordscamera accessoriescell phone accessorieselectronic toyslaptop & tablet accessoriesnetworking & surveillancemoviesshop all moviesbooksmoviesstyleshop all stylegirls' clothing & shoesboys' clothing & shoesjewelryjuniors' accessoriesjuniors' clothingkids' accessorieskids' shoesmen's accessoriesmen's clothing & shoestravel accessorieswomen's accessorieswomen's clothing & shoespetshop all petcatsdogs01506678234get to know usfaqscontact uscalifornia proposition 65privacy policyterms of serviceprice comparisonhollar + care bears termshollar haul contest termsfaqsgeneral what is hollar? hollar is your destination for the coolest gifts and goods starting at just $1. with a gazillion categories to shop, there’s always something new to score each and every day. we’re all about making shopping insanely fun—and keeping wallets extra happy. ☺ what is the hollar marketplace? we’re laser focused on providing shoppers with big savings across all categories. that’s why we’ve partnered with top sellers to bring you an even greater assortment of deals you’ll love. we mean it when we say so. much. good. stuff. where do you ship from? items sold and fulfilled by hollar ship from our fulfillment center in sunny los angeles, california. all other items are fulfilled by the respective marketplace seller in locations across the united states. how long is the shipping time? after the order is placed, the expected delivery time is 7-10 business days (monday - friday, excluding holidays). why is there a $10 minimum? because we’re all about saving you tons of cash, a $10 order minimum helps us keep our prices and shipping costs irresistibly low. don’t want to pay for shipping? simply spend over $25 and shipping is on us! need help placing an order? send us a note at support@hollar.com or give us a call at 888-682-5119. our support hours are monday - friday, 7am - 4pm pt. can i resell your products? hollar’s merchandise is offered for sale by us for your personal enjoyment only. we do not support the reselling of any of our items. shipping how much is shipping? shipping costs vary from deal to deal. you can view shipping costs on each product’s individual page. items sold and fulfilled by hollar are eligible for free shipping! to qualify for free shipping on a first-time order, the order must include at least $10 in items fulfilled by hollar (pre-tax). (pre-tax). to qualify for free shipping on subsequent orders, the order must include at least $25 in items fulfilled by hollar (pre-tax). the offer will automatically be applied at checkout for qualifying orders. in addition, some items sold by marketplace sellers may be eligible for free shipping. just check the individual product page to see eligibility or shipping costs. can i expedite my shipping? we are unable to expedite orders at this time, but we hope to expand those choices in the future. where do you ship to? we ship only to the 48 contiguous states in the united states. do you ship to alaska and hawaii? we’re currently unable to ship to these states. stay tuned as we work on expanding our shipping options to new locations. do you ship to apo/fpo addresses? we don’t offer delivery to apo/fpo addresses at the moment. but hold tight—we’re working on spreading the hollar love in more areas. order & payments how can i edit my order or change my shipping address? email us at support@hollar.com. please note that some orders are shipped shortly after placement and it may not always be possible to edit or cancel. what payment methods do you accept? we accept all major credit cards, including visa, mastercard, discover, american express as well as paypal. returns can i return my hollar items? yes! if you’re not 100% happy with our products, we’ll gladly accept returns within 365 days from your order date. just send us an email at support@hollar.com. please note that in addition to a restocking fee of $4.95, customers will also be responsible for any return shipping fees. can i return or exchange my marketplace item? returns and exchanges vary for each marketplace seller. please check individual seller information for details. contact usgot questions? we've got answers. go ahead and shoot us a note! hollar support team support@hollar.com 888-682-5119 mon - fri (7am - 4pm pt) business development bd@hollar.com press & media pr@hollar.com vendors & suppliers supplier@hollar.com want to become an affiliate? join our affiliate program california proposition 65california's proposition 65 entitles california consumers to special warnings for products that contain chemicals known to the state of california to cause cancer, or birth defects or other reproductive harm if those products expose consumers to such chemicals above certain threshold levels. we care about our customers' safety and hope that the information below helps with your buying decisions. for more information and frequently asked questions about proposition 65, go to oehha’s website at: https://oehha.ca.gov/proposition-65. for a fully updated list of all the chemicals and compounds that are known to the state of california to cause cancer or reproductive toxicity, go to: https://oehha.ca.gov/proposition-65/proposition-65-list for all products linked to this page, we provide the following general notice: warning: this product contains chemicals known to the state of california to cause cancer, or birth defects or other reproductive harm. tools warning: some dust created by power sanding, sawing, grinding, drilling, and other construction activities contains chemicals known to the state of california to cause cancer, or birth defects or other reproductive harm. some examples of these chemicals are: lead from lead-based paints, crystalline silica from bricks and cement and other masonry products, and arsenic and chromium from chemically treated lumber. your risk from exposure to these chemicals varies, depending on how often you do this type of work. to reduce your exposure, work in a well-ventilated area and with approved safety equipment, such as dust masks that are specially designed to filter out microscopic particles. lead crystal glasses lead levels in the crystal glasses sold in our kitchen & housewares store comply with fda standards.: warning: consuming foods or beverages that have been kept or served in leaded crystal products will expose you to lead, a chemical known to the state of california to cause cancer, or birth defects or other reproductive harm. ceramic tableware lead levels in the ceramic tableware sold in our kitchen & housewares store comply with fda standards.: warning: use of this tableware will expose you to lead, a chemical known to the state of california to cause cancer, or birth defects or other reproductive harm. jewelry and tiffany style lamps warning: this product contains lead, a chemical known to the state of california to cause cancer, or birth defects or other reproductive harm. wash hands after handling. pvc coated products or pvc coated wires, cords, plugs & connectors warning: the plastic on this product contains lead, a chemical known to the state of california to cause cancer, or birth defects or other reproductive harm. wash hands after handling. electrical cords warning: the wires of this product contain chemicals known to the state of california to cause cancer, or birth defects or other reproductive harm. wash hands after handling. motor vehicles parts & accessories warning: motor vehicles contain fuel, oils and fluids, battery posts, terminals and related accessories which contain lead and lead compounds and other chemicals known to the state of california to cause cancer, or birth defects or other reproductive harm. these chemicals are found in vehicles, vehicle parts and accessories, both new and as replacements. when being serviced, these vehicles generate used oil, waste fluids, grease, fumes and particulates, all known to the state of california to cause cancer, or birth defects or reproductive harm. beauty products for beauty and skin care products that contain progesterone: warning: this product contains progesterone, a chemical known to the state of california to cause cancer. consult with your physician before using this product. for beauty and skin care products that contain cocamide diethanolamine (cocamide dea): warning: this product contains cocamide dea, a chemical known to the state of california to cause cancer. consult with your physician before using this product. for beauty and skin care products that contain diethanolamine (or dea): warning: this product contains dea, a chemical known to the state of california to cause cancer. consult with your physician before using this product. fresh fruits, nuts, and vegetables warning: this product may contain a chemical known to the state of california to cause cancer, or birth defects or other reproductive harm. privacy policythe privacy policy was last updated on: november 5, 2015 hollar, inc. (“hollar” or “we” or “us”) created this privacy policy (this “privacy policy”) in order to disclose how we use information we collect from users via the hollar website located at www.hollar.com (including any affiliated sub-domain and mobile applications and sites) and any services offered therefrom (including, without limitation, the distribution, sale or offered sale of goods) (collectively referred to hereafter as, the “website”). because we gather important information from our users, visitors, publishers and customers (collectively “users” or “you” or “your”), we have established this privacy policy as a means to communicate our information gathering and dissemination practices. by accessing the website, you acknowledge and agree to this privacy policy. please note: when you submit your personal information on or through the website, you are giving your consent to the collection, use and disclosure of your personal information as set forth in this privacy policy. we may share information among our subsidiaries or other websites that we own or control, but such sharing of information is always governed under the terms of this privacy policy. please further note, depending on a user’s particular interaction with the website (e.g. users who solely navigate the website versus users who use the services offered through the website), different portions of this privacy policy may apply to users at different times. hollar reserves the right, at our discretion, to change, modify, add or remove portions of this privacy policy at any time. if hollar changes any portions of its privacy policy, the changes will be updated on this privacy policy page and users should periodically review our privacy policy page for any such changes. your continued use of the website after any change in this privacy policy will constitute your acceptance of such change(s). information we collect personal information: we may require users who use the website (whether via submission of queries, subscriptions or orders for hollar’ services (collectively, the “service”) to give us personally identifiable information, which may include but is not limited to the user’s name, mailing addresses (home and business), phone number, email address, age/birth date and credit card or other payment account information (collectively “personal information”). besides the personal information, we may also collect other information regarding your use of the website. from time to time, we may also collect or ask for additional personal information, which will also be expressly included herein as personal information. you can opt out of providing this additional information by not entering it or not using the website, although not providing personal information may hinder your ability to use the website and/or the service. we use the information that we collect to provide and maintain the website as we deem appropriate in our sole discretion and to provide the service, and to provide any other services that you and hollar agree to. hollar may aggregate data that it obtains from users to analyze trends, to gather data to benchmark best practices, and to monitor, improve and refine the functionality of the website and the service. we may also use the information to contact you to further discuss interest in hollar or the service (including the products and services that we provide) and to send information regarding hollar or its partners, such as promotions and events. you may be invited to receive an email newsletter or other correspondence by providing an email address. we may outsource all of these tasks to third parties. however, your email address and any personal information will not be distributed or shared with third parties, unless it is to transact such business as you have contracted us to do, to comply with any legal processes and/or law enforcement requests, or in order to conduct any business as we, in our sole subjective discretion, deem reasonable. if you voluntarily submit your e-mail address to use via the website or use of hollar’ products and services, such a submission constitutes your consent to receive e-mails from hollar regarding updates to the website or service, and may send a newsletter, or other correspondence. you will have an opportunity to unsubscribe to any emails or mailings by clicking on an “unsubscribe” hyperlink contained in promotional emails we send you. even if you are removed from any such list, if you use the website or service or re-submit your e-mail address to the website (either via the contact form, e-mail submission or otherwise), you will continue to receive email correspondence from hollar related to the website or service. any opt-out by you is not deemed valid until processed by hollar. it is your obligation to verify that you have been opted-out. hollar shall not be liable for problems with the opt-out procedures. hollar may offer you the option of registering an account with the website by logging in with an account you have established with certain third party sites (including, facebook.com) (hereafter, the “outside account”). by logging in via the outside account, you are granting hollar the right to access, utilize and store (if applicable) information (including personal information as defined above) tied to your outside account in connection with your use of the website. depending on the outside accounts you choose (and your privacy settings on that outside account), the information you make accessible via your outside account will be available to hollar and on and through your hollar user account. non-personal information: we collect and use non-personally identifiable information, which is any information other than personal information and/or does not identify the specific individual, including, without limitation: ip address, the approximate geographic location of the user based on their ip address the type of browser and operating system used by the user, any interactions a user may initiate within the website, the websites and web pages that users visit or visited, user interactions with features of the website, content preferences user selected within the website and other inferences about the user’s interests made based upon the foregoing. this information is not intentionally gathered in a fashion to personally identify any single user. we use this information to help us develop the website and the service, analyze patterns of usage, and to make the website and the service more useful. hollar may collect statistics about the behavior of visitors to the website, and hollar utilizes google analytics to analyze the usage of the website. for more information on google analytics and its privacy policy, please visit https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/ . minors hollar does not knowingly allow any visitors or users under the age of eighteen (18) or the age of majority in his/her relevant jurisdiction to use or otherwise access to the website or the service. hollar does not wish to collect any personal information (or any information at all) from any persons under 18 years old. if you are under 18 years old, you may not use the website or the service. third party websites the website may contain links to other websites. we are not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of these other websites. you will need to check the privacy policies of these others websites to understand their policies. when you access a linked site you may be disclosing private information. it is your responsibility to keep such information private and confidential. cookies & logs when you view the website, we may store some information on your computer's hard drive. this information will be in the form of a "cookie." “cookies” are information files which your web browser places on your computer when you visit a web site. hollar uses cookies and session ids to authenticate a user as he or she navigates various parts of the website. cookies and session ids may also be used to automate data entry functions. for example, cookies may be used to enable a user to move through the website without having to retype the user’s password. hollar does not obtain personal information via cookies or session ids, and does not link any data collected through cookies or session ids to any personal information. most web browsers automatically accept cookies and session ids, but you can change your browser to prevent that. without accepting a cookie or session id, your use of the website and the service may be affected. when you view the website, our servers automatically record information that your browser sends whenever you visit a website. these server logs may include information such as your web request, internet protocol address, browser type, browser language, the date and time of your request and one or more cookies that may uniquely identify your browser. for california users: please note, the website is not presently configured to respond to dnt or “do not track” signals from web browsers or mobile devices. disclosure of user information to third parties in addition to the use of information described above, hollar reserve the right to disclose information provided by users (including personal information) as follows: disclosure by law. you acknowledge and agree that we may disclose information you provide if required to do so by law, at the request of a third party, or if we, in our sole discretion, believe that disclosure is reasonable to (1) comply with the law, requests or orders from law enforcement, or any legal process (whether or not such disclosure is required by applicable law); (2) protect or defend hollar’s or a third party’s rights or property; or (3) protect someone’s health or safety, such as when harm or violence against any person (including you) is threatened. disclosure to third party service providers. we may share your information with third party service providers to perform functions on our behalf. for example, outsourced customer care agents or technology assistants may need access to your information to perform services for you. your information will be treated as private and confidential by such service providers and not used for any other purpose than we authorize. data/information transfer as a result of sale of business. in the event that hollar is involved in a bankruptcy, merger, acquisition, reorganization or sale of assets, hollar reserves the right to sell or transfer user information (including personal information) as part of any such transaction. to the maximum extent allowable by law, the privacy policy will apply to the user information as transferred to the successor entity. however, user information submitted after a transfer to a successor entity may be subject to a new privacy policy adopted by the successor entity. website security please note that data that is transported over an open network, such as the internet or e-mail, may be accessible to anybody. we cannot guarantee the confidentiality of any communication or material transmitted via such open networks. when disclosing any personal information via an open network, you should remain mindful of the fact that it is potentially accessible to others, and consequently, can be collected and used by others without your consent. in particular, while individual data packets are often encrypted, the names of the sender and recipient are not. a third party may therefore be able to trace an existing bank account or relationship or one that is subsequently created. even if both the sender and recipient are located in the same country data may also be transmitted via such networks to other countries regularly and without controls, including to countries that do not afford the same level of data protection as your country of domicile. password-protected areas of the website can be accessed only with a valid user name and password. each password owner is responsible for keeping the password confidential and safe, as hollar has no control or responsibility for this type of user information. if the password may have been stolen or might otherwise be misused, it is the responsibility of the password owner to notify hollar immediately for further action. your data may be lost during transmission or may be accessed by unauthorized parties. we do not accept any liability for direct or indirect losses as regards the security of your personal information or data during its transfer via internet. please use other means of communication if you think this is necessary or prudent for security reasons. international users the website and the service are exclusively hosted in the united states. if you are a user accessing the website or the service from the european union, australia, asia, or any other region with laws or regulations governing personal data collection, use, and disclosure, that differ from united states laws, please note that you are transferring your personal data to the united states which does not have the same data protection laws as such other regions. user information (including personal information or “personal data” as defined by foreign laws) collected through the website or the service may be stored and processed in the united states, and by using the website or the service, you consent to any such transfer of information outside of your home country. additional information this privacy policy is part of the terms & conditions of the website and any use of the website is governed by those terms & conditions. questions regarding this privacy policy or the privacy practices of the website should be directed to hollar by emailing such questions to support@hollar.com. updates to our privacy policy if we make any material changes to this privacy policy, they will be reflected on this web page. in some cases and in our sole discretion, we also may send an email notifying users of the changes. you should check this website periodically to see if any recent changes to this privacy policy have occurred. legal disclaimer the website and the service operate "as-is" and "as-available," without warranties of any other kind. we are not responsible for events beyond our direct control. this privacy policy is governed by the laws of the state of california, excluding conflicts of law principles. subject and without waiver to the dispute resolution procedures set forth in the terms & conditions, any legal actions against hollar, inc. arising out of or related to the website or the service must be commenced in the county of los angeles in the state of california in the united states of america. if you have any questions about this privacy policy, or the practices of or your dealings with the website or the service, please contact us at: support@hollar.com terms of servicewelcome to the hollar website (www.hollar.com) hosted by hollar inc. (hereafter also referred to as “hollar” “we” and “us”). please review the following terms and conditions concerning your use of and access to the hollar website located at hollar.com (including any affiliated sub-domain and mobile applications and sites) and any services offered therefrom (including, without limitation, the distribution, sale or offer of goods for sale) (collectively referred to hereafter as, the “website”). by accessing, using, subscribing, purchasing or downloading any goods, materials or content from the website, you agree to follow and be bound by the following terms and conditions (the “terms & conditions”) and any other terms and conditions embodied in any other agreements you enter into with us. if you do not agree with the terms & conditions, you may not use the website. notice of arbitration agreement and class action waiver: this agreement includes a binding arbitration clause and a class action waiver, set forth below, which affect your rights about resolving any dispute with the company. please read it carefully. the terms & conditions together with the privacy policy explain how we operate the website, the ways that you are permitted to use the website, tools available at the website, and any support services (including online and mobile access to our software) available through use of the website (collectively referred to hereafter as the “service”). general these terms & conditions apply to all transactions made on or through this website. this agreement is governed by the electronic signatures in global and national commerce act. you manifest your agreement to the terms and conditions in this agreement by any act demonstrating your assent thereto, including clicking any button containing the words “i agree” or similar syntax, by accessing the website, or purchasing any goods through the website, whether you have read these terms or not. it is suggested that you print this agreement for your personal records. privacy any information (including personally identifiable information and payment account information) you submit to our site is governed by the privacy policy. the privacy policy encompasses any and all information you may provide to our site either for purposes of creating an account, submitting an order or inquiry or to receive further information, updates and promotions about or related to the website or service. changes to the terms & conditions we reserve the right to change the terms & conditions at any time by posting an updated version to this web page to reflect those changes. changes to the terms & conditions may arise for a variety of reasons, including without limitation, changes in market conditions affecting our business, technology or our business model, relevant laws and regulatory requirements, and our systems. you agree to periodically review the terms & conditions from time to time to take notice of any changes we make, as they are binding on you. continued access or use of our site shall be deemed conclusive evidence of your acceptance of any modified terms or conditions. accessing and using the website/service limited license to use the website/service and related restrictions subject to and conditional upon your compliance with the terms & conditions and other agreements between you and hollar (including any payment terms), hollar hereby grants to you a limited, reversible, non-exclusive, personal, non-sublicensable, non-transferable, non-assignable license to use certain software applications and platforms accessible through the website/service (collectively, “hollar software”). hollar reserves all other rights in hollar software not expressly granted to you in the terms. you may not use hollar software in any manner that could: (i) damage, disable, overburden, or impair the software application or platform (or any server or networks connected thereto), or (ii) interfere with any third party's use and/or enjoyment of the software application or platform (or any server or networks connected thereto). except as expressly specified in the terms & conditions, you may not: (a) copy or modify the hollar software; (b) transfer, sublicense, lease, lend, rent or otherwise distribute hollar software to any third party; or (c) use the hollar software in any unlawful manner, for any unlawful purpose, or in any manner inconsistent with the terms & conditions. you acknowledge and agree that portions of the hollar software, including, without limitation, the source code and the specific design and structure of individual modules or programs, constitute or contain trade secrets of hollar and its licensors. accordingly, you agree not to disassemble, decompile or otherwise reverse engineer any components of the hollar software provided in object code or any other hollar products or services, in whole or in part, or permit or authorize a third party to do so, except to the extent such activities are expressly permitted by law notwithstanding this prohibition. mobile application license subject to your compliance with these terms & conditions, hollar grants you a limited non-exclusive, non-transferable license to use the hollar mobile application and to access the hollar website via a single mobile device or computer that you own or control and to run such copy of hollar mobile application solely for your own personal use. you shall not (i) license, sublicense, sell, resell, transfer, assign, distribute or otherwise commercially exploit or make available to any third party the hollar mobile application in any way; (ii) modify or make derivative works based upon the website or hollar mobile application; (iii) create internet “links” to the website or “frame” or “mirror” the hollar mobile application on any other server or wireless or internet-based device; (iv) reverse engineer or access the hollar mobile application in order to (a) design or build a competitive product or service, (b) design or build a product using similar ideas, features, functions or graphics of the website or hollar mobile application, or (c) copy any ideas, features, functions or graphics of the website or hollar mobile application, or (v) launch an automated program or script, including, but not limited to, web spiders, web crawlers, web robots, web ants, web indexers, bots, viruses or worms, or any program which may make multiple server requests per second, or unduly burdens or hinders the operation and/or performance of the website or hollar mobile application. app store sourced application with respect to any application accessed through or downloaded from the apple app store (“app store sourced application”), you agree that you will use the app store sourced application only: (i) on an apple-branded product that runs ios (apple’s proprietary operating system software) ; and (ii) as permitted by the “usage rules” set forth in the apple app store terms of service. hollar reserves all rights in and to the application not expressly granted to you under these terms & conditions. you acknowledge and agree that (i) these terms & conditions are valid between you and hollar only, and not apple, and (ii) hollar, not apple, is solely responsible for the app store sourced application and content thereof. your use of the app store sourced application must comply with the app store terms of service. you acknowledge that apple has no obligation whatsoever to furnish any maintenance and support services with respect to the app store sourced application. in the event of any failure of the app store sourced application to conform to any applicable warranty, you may notify apple, and apple will, where applicable, refund the purchase price for the app store sourced application to you and to the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, apple will have no other warranty obligation whatsoever with respect to the app store sourced application. as between hollar and apple, any other claims, losses, liabilities, damages, costs or expenses attributable to any failure to conform to any warranty will be the sole responsibility of hollar. you acknowledge that, as between hollar and apple, apple is not responsible for addressing any claims you have or any claims of any third party relating to the app store sourced application or your possession and use of the app store sourced application, including, but not limited to: (i) product liability claims; (ii) any claim that the app store sourced application fails to conform to any applicable legal or regulatory requirement; and (iii) claims arising under consumer protection or similar legislation. you acknowledge that, in the event of any third party claim that the app store sourced application or your possession and use of that app store sourced application infringes that third party’s intellectual property rights, as between hollar and apple, hollar, not apple, will be solely responsible for the investigation, defense, settlement and discharge of any such intellectual property infringement claim to the extent required by this agreement. you acknowledge and agree that apple, and apple’s subsidiaries, are third party beneficiaries relating to your license of the app store sourced application, and that, upon your acceptance of these terms & conditions, apple will have the right (and will be deemed to have accepted the right) to enforce the rights under these terms & conditions as related to your license of the app store sourced application against you as a third party beneficiary thereof. without limiting any other provisions of these terms & conditions, you must comply with all applicable third party terms of agreement when using the app store sourced application. customer account access in order to utilize certain services offered by the website, you may need to create a customer account. you agree to (a) create only one account; (b) provide accurate, truthful, current and complete information when creating your account; (c) maintain and promptly update your account information; (d) maintain the security of your account by not sharing your username or password with others and restricting access to your account and your computer; (e) promptly notify us if you discover or otherwise suspect any security breaches relating to the website or your account; and (f) take responsibility for all activities that occur under your account and accept all risks of unauthorized access. by creating a customer account, you consent to receive electronic communications from hollar either in the form of email sent to you at the email address listed on your account or by communications posted on the website. you acknowledge and agree that any electronic communication in the form of such email or posting on the website shall satisfy any legal requirement that such communication be in writing. terms of sale all product sales from the website are governed by any terms of sale that may be posted on the website. prices and offers are subject to change. you should refer to our terms of sale to learn more about our return policy, and shipping terms located at faqs. by ordering and/or accepting delivery of the products, you agree to be bound by these terms of sale. the terms of sale are subject to change without prior notice at any time, in hollar’s sole discretion, so you should review the terms of sale each time you make a purchase. additional information may be found in our online shopping sections of the website. we accept the following bank or credit cards: visa, mastercard, american express and discover. for your convenience, we will save your bank or credit card information. you may be charged local tax, if applicable. if your payment method is declined, we will attempt to process your charge until the transaction is approved. if we are unable to complete the transaction, client services may contact you directly to update your account information. we are not responsible for any fees or charges that your bank or credit card issuer may apply. if your bank or credit card issuer reverses a charge to your credit card, we may bill your account directly and seek payment by another method including a mailed statement. the risk of loss and title for items purchased by you passes to you upon our delivery of the items to the carrier. sales tax policy in connection with the sales of goods, the website collects and remits sales tax as required by applicable law. colors we have made every effort to display as accurately as possible the colors of our products that appear at the website. we cannot guarantee that your computer monitor's display of any color will be accurate. information at the website we attempt to ensure that information on the website is complete, accurate and current. despite our efforts, certain information on the website may be inaccurate, incomplete or out of date. we make no representation as to the completeness, accuracy or currentness of any information on our site. we reserve the right to amend the website/service without warning. unless otherwise agreed to by us in writing, all features, content, specifications, products, services, and, as applicable, prices of products and services described or depicted on the website are subject to change at any time without notice. "price comparison" the comparative reference price shows the actual price offered for the same product at another online retailer which has been checked within the past 48 hours. security by creating an account with us, you acknowledge and agree that you are solely responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your account information (including without limitation, username and password). you must treat your username and password, and any other security details, as confidential, and not disclose it to any other person. you must also prevent unauthorized access to your account. in addition, you must: (a) log off from your account at the end of each session on our site and (b) notify us immediately of any unauthorized use of your username and password or any other breach of security. you agree to accept responsibility for all activities that occur under your account. restrictions on and termination of use of the website/service we have the right to suspend or close any account with us and block your use of our site if you have failed to comply with any part of the terms & conditions (as determined by us in our sole discretion). you understand that your account is individual to you and/or your organization, and we may suspend or close your account if you attempt to transfer or use your account to/for another person or organization. you are responsible for ensuring that any and all persons you authorize to use your account with us are aware of the terms & conditions, and that they fully comply with them. we reserve the right to refuse to provide access to the website or to provide the service, to any person or organization for any reason. it is your obligation to comply with all applicable state, federal and international laws. in consideration of being allowed to use our site, you agree that the following actions shall constitute a material breach of these terms & conditions: collecting information about our site, users of our site or our services without our written consent; modifying, framing, rendering (or re-rendering), mirroring, truncating, injecting, filtering or changing any content or information contained in our site, without our written consent. using any deep-link, page-scrape, robot, crawl, index, spider, click spam, macro programs, internet agent, or other automatic device, program, algorithm or methodology which does the same things, to use, access, copy, acquire information, generate impressions or clicks, input information, store information, search, generate searches, or monitor our site or any portion thereof; accessing or using our site for competitive purposes; disguising the origin of information transmitted to, from, or through the website; impersonating another person or representative of an organization; distributing viruses or other harmful computer code; allowing any other person or entity to impersonate you to access or use our site; using our site or our services for any purpose in violation of local, state, national, international laws or regulations; using our site or our services in a way that is intended to harm, or a reasonable person would understand would likely result in harm, to the user or others; and circumventing any measures implemented by us aimed at preventing violations of the terms & conditions. minors may not use the website/service you must be at least 18 years old and can form legally binding contracts under applicable laws in your jurisdiction, to use the website or service. we do not accept users who are under the age of 18 or the age of majority in his/her relevant jurisdiction. by using the website or service or submitting any inquiries, orders or information to us, you represent and affirm that you are at least 18 years old or the age of majority in your jurisdiction. inviting friends and earning referral credit when you invite a friend to register for an account at hollar.com, you and your friend will both receive a $2 referral credit for each friend who makes a qualified first purchase. your friend must be a new member of hollar (this offer excludes returning or existing members) and live in a different household you will only receive a referral credit for your friend's first qualified purchase if the purchase was a result of an invite from you via an authorized referral method. if your friend does not click on the personal referral link in their invite email or other invite mechanism to accept your invitation, you may not receive a referral credit and we will have no liability to you because there is no discernible way to identify that the purchase resulted from your referral. a qualified purchase is considered a member’s first hollar purchase. there is no limit to the amount of referral credits you can earn and referral credits will accrue with every eligible friend you refer. you can track your referral credits by visiting the refer-a-friend section in my account. if two people refer the same friend, the friend who sent the link that is used to create the new member's account will be considered the referring friend, regardless of which link was sent to the new member first. there is a limit of one referral credit per new email address that is registered on hollar.com. you may not use spam or send unsolicited emails to people you don't personally know to collect referral credits and you may not collect referral credits by posting on message boards or other online venues in violation of such venues' terms of use. see the privacy policy for how information is stored. spending referral credit referral credits are valid for 12 months from issuance. your referral credits are automatically applied to your purchases at checkout in the order in which they expire (i.e., first to expire will be applied first). you can check the amount of referral credits you have earned and their associated expiration dates at any time by visiting the refer-a-friend section in my account. prohibitions and cancellation referral credits are issued to a single hollar.com account holder at our discretion and cannot be transferred between accounts or between users. credits cannot be bartered, exchanged, or sold. referral credits are a promotional offer and are not a payment instruments. referral credits are issued without any exchange of money or value from you and you have no vested property right or interest in them. referral credits have no cash value by themselves; they are only deemed to have a notional cash value of $2 if they are used in connection with an eligible purchase on our site. we reserve the right to limit or cancel your referral credits in our sole discretion if we determine that you have violated these terms of service, including through fraudulent or misleading referral activity (for example, by inviting fake people to join hollar, using false names, using multiple email accounts or email addresses, impersonating another person or otherwise providing false or misleading information to us) or if we terminate your account for any reason. you may also be liable for civil and/or criminal penalties under applicable law. changes to referral credit terms we reserve the right in our sole discretion at any time and without prior notice to you, to add to, remove or otherwise change the terms applicable to the issuance and use of referral credits. such changes may include, without limitation, how you may earn and spend referral credits, how long referral credits last, minimum purchase amounts with which referral credits may be used and the lifetime maximum amount of referral credits that you may earn. links to other websites the website may contain links to other websites which may be of interest to you. we are providing these links to you only as a convenience, and the inclusion of any link does not imply endorsement by us of the linked website and/or the content and materials found at the linked website, except as specifically stated otherwise by us. it is your responsibility to take precautions to ensure that whatever you select for your use is free of viruses or other items of an intrusive nature. we do not accept responsibility for those sites. accessing any such links from our site to gain access to other websites is at your own risk. intellectual property rights except where expressly stated otherwise, hollar or its licensors, including without limitation, hollar inc., is the owner or the licensee of all intellectual property rights located on the website, in the materials published or otherwise made available on the website and through the service. those works, marks or inventions are protected by copyright, patent and trademark laws and treaties around the world and may not be modified, copied, printed, reproduced, distributed, republished, performed, downloaded, displayed, posted, transmitted and/or otherwise used in any form or by any means, including but not limited to electronic, mechanical, photocopying, recording, or other means, unless expressly permitted by us. except where expressly provided otherwise by us, nothing on our site may be construed to confer any license or ownership right in or materials published or otherwise made available through our site or our services, whether by estoppel, implication, or otherwise. all rights not granted to you in these terms are reserved. copyright and trademark infringement notice: hollar respects the intellectual property rights of others. all users of the website represent and warrant they shall comply with all applicable copyright and trademark laws. in the event we receive proper notification of claimed copyright or trademark infringement, the response to such notice may include removing or disabling access to material claimed to be the subject of infringing activity and possibly terminating your account and/or the right to use our website and services. if you believe any material on our site constitutes an infringement of a copyright or trademark you own, you may file a notice of infringement to the contact identified below. a user who materially misrepresents that material is infringing will be liable for the costs incurred by us and our associated persons, including attorney fees. accordingly, if you are uncertain whether you are or you represent the proper copyright holder or trademark holder, or if copyright and trademark laws protect the subject materials, you are strongly advised to consult a qualified attorney at your own expense. we rely on a network of independent affiliates, subsidiaries, agents, third-party product providers, third-party content providers, vendors, suppliers, designers, contractors, distributors, merchants, sponsors, licensors and the like (collectively, “associates”) who supply some of the goods advertised on the website. in accordance with the digital millennium copyright act, we are not liable for any infringement of copyrights, trademarks, trade dress or other proprietary or intellectual property rights arising out of content posted on or transmitted through the website, or items advertised on the website, by our associates. if you believe that your rights under intellectual property laws are being violated by any content posted on or transmitted through the website, or items advertised on the website, please contact us promptly so that we may investigate the situation and, if appropriate, block or remove the offending content and/or advertisements. it is our policy to disable access to infringing materials, and to terminate access of repeat infringers to the website. in order for us to investigate any claim of copyright or trademark infringement, you must provide us with the following information, transmitted by email or regular mail, setting forth the following: (i) a physical or electronic signature of the copyright or trademark owner or a person authorized to act on their behalf; (ii) detailed identification of the copyrighted work or trademark claimed to have been infringed; (iii) identification of the material that is claimed to be infringing or to be the subject of infringing activity and that is to be removed or access to which is to be disabled, and information reasonably sufficient to permit us to locate the material; (iv) your contact information, including your address, telephone number, and an email address; (v) a statement by you that you have a good faith belief that use of the material in the manner complained of is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law; and (vi) a statement that the information in the notification is accurate, and, under penalty of perjury, that you are authorized to act on behalf of the copyright owner. copyright or trademark infringement notifications should be addressed as follows: email: copyright@hollar.com mail: hollar inc. attention: notice of intellectual property infringement 2601 s. malt avenue commerce, ca 90040 no agency relationship except where provided for in a separate agreement with hollar, no agency, partnership, joint venture, employer-employee or franchiser-franchisee relationship is intended or created by the terms & conditions. without limiting the foregoing, except as expressly set forth herein, hollar is not acting and does not act as an agent for any user or visitor of the website or service. disclaimer except where expressly provided otherwise by us, the website and service are provided "as is," and are for use solely as contracted herein. except for the express warranties set forth therein, we hereby disclaim all express or implied representations, warranties, guaranties, and conditions with regard to the website and service, including but not limited to any implied representations, warranties, guaranties, and conditions of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, title and non-infringement, and quality of products and services offered through the website except to the extent that such disclaimers are held to be legally invalid. we make no representations, guaranties or warranties regarding the reliability, availability, timeliness, quality, suitability, truth, accuracy or completeness of the website or service and/or materials associated with or goods offered via the website or service, or the results you may obtain by accessing or using the website, service and/or materials associated therewith. without limiting the generality of the foregoing, we do not represent or warrant that (a) the operation or use of the website or service will be timely, secure, uninterrupted or error-free; (b) the quality of goods, services, information, or other materials you purchase or obtain through the website will meet your requirements; or (c) the products, services, materials, or the systems that make the website or service available are free of viruses or other harmful components. you acknowledge that we do not control the transfer of data over communications facilities, including the internet, and that the website, service and/or materials associated therewith may be subject to limitations, delays, and other problems inherent in the use of such communications facilities. we are not responsible for any delays, delivery failures, or other damage resulting from such problems. limitation of liability to the extent allowed by law, in no event shall the aggregate liability of hollar, or any of its officers, directors, shareholders, employees, agents, licensors, and suppliers, exceed $500.00. in no event shall hollar or the third party providers, including hollar inc. and its officers, directors, employees and agents, be liable to anyone for any indirect, punitive, special, exemplary, incidental, or consequential damages, or for any damages to your computer, telecommunication equipment, or other property and/or for loss of data, content, images, revenue, profits, use or other economic advantage, arising out of, or in any way connected with these terms & conditions, including but not limited to the accessing or use of, or inability to use, the website and the service therewith including but not limited to the downloading of any materials, regardless of cause, whether in an action in contract or negligence or other tortious action, even if the party from which damages are being sought or the third party provider have been previously advised of the possibility of such damages. the limitation of liability set forth in this section shall not apply in the event of customer's breach, or related to its indemnity obligations. this paragraph shall not affect the rights listed below in the section titled “indemnification. ” indemnification you agree to indemnify, defend and hold harmless hollar inc., its officers, directors, shareholders, employees, agents, licensors, and suppliers from and against all losses, expenses, damages and costs, including, but not limited to all attorneys’ fees charged to hollar inc. or its affiliated person/entities, resulting from any violation of the terms & conditions by you or any other person accessing the website or service on your behalf. conflicts shall a conflict or contradiction exist between these terms & conditions and any others which relate specifically to a particular section of the website, the specific terms relevant to that section shall prevail. severability any provision of the terms & conditions found to be unenforceable will not void nor effect other provisions of this agreement. resolution of disputes – mandatory arbitration and class action waiver we offer the following process to help you resolve a complaint or dispute (as defined below) that you may have with hollar, any goods sold via the website, or use of this website. please read this section carefully. our customer service department, which you can reach at support@hollar.com, can help you resolve most of your concerns. if our customer service department is unable to resolve your complaint or dispute, you agree to take the following steps to resolve any dispute you may have with us. step 1. notice of dispute you must first try to resolve any complaint or dispute with us through our notice of dispute process. you begin by submitting a “notice of dispute” with any supporting documents or other information by u. s. mail to: hollar inc. attention: notice of dispute 2601 s. malt avenue commerce, ca 90040 a “notice of dispute” is a written form in which you provide your name, address, contact information, email address, the facts regarding your dispute, and the relief you are requesting from us. once we receive your notice of dispute, you and we will attempt to resolve any dispute through informal negotiation within forty-five (45) days from the date the notice of dispute is received by us. if an agreement cannot be reached within forty-five (45) days of receipt of the notice of dispute, you or we may initiate an arbitration proceeding or small claims action as described below. you agree that the term “dispute” in this agreement will have the broadest meaning possible. it applies to any dispute, action, or other controversy between you and us relating to the website, any goods offered or purchased from us, any transaction or relationship between us resulting from your use of the website or purchase of any goods from us, communications between us, the purchase/order/use of goods from the website, or this agreement – whether in contract, warranty, tort, laws or regulation. the term also applies to any dispute over the validity, enforceability, or scope of this arbitration provision. step 2: arbitration if your dispute is not resolved to your satisfaction within 45 days from when we received your notice of dispute, you and we agree to arbitrate all disputes between us. as we explain below, you and we also may also have the right to bring an individual action before a small claims court for certain claims. you agree that arbitration or a small claims action will be your sole and exclusive remedy to resolve any dispute with us. the federal arbitration act applies to this agreement. by agreeing to arbitrate, you are giving up the right to litigate (or participate in as a party or class member) any and all disputes in a court before a judge or jury (except small claims court). instead, a neutral arbitrator will resolve all disputes. to read more about arbitration, visit www.adr.org. the american arbitration association (“aaa”) will conduct any arbitration under its consumer arbitration rules in effect at that time. you can review the consumer arbitration rules here. you may begin an arbitration with us by completing a demand for arbitration form, available by clicking here. the completed form(s) should be returned directly to the aaa. the aaa will assign someone to manage your case. you will be contacted with instructions for continuing the arbitration process. be sure to keep a copy of everything you send to the administrator of your arbitration or us. if, for any reason, the aaa is unavailable, the parties shall mutually select another arbitration forum which will be governed by the aaa consumer arbitration rules. the aaa rules will determine whether the arbitration will take place through written submissions by you and us, by telephone, or in person. class action waiver any proceedings to resolve or litigate any dispute in any forum will be conducted solely on an individual basis. class arbitrations, class actions, private attorney general actions, consolidation of your dispute with other arbitrations, or any other proceeding in which either party acts or proposes to act in a representative capacity or as a private attorney general are not permitted and are waived by you, and an arbitrator will have no jurisdiction to hear such claims. if a court or arbitrator finds that the class action waiver in this section is unenforceable as to all or some parts of a dispute, then the class action waiver will not apply to those parts. instead, those parts will be severed and proceed in a court of law, with the remaining parts proceeding in arbitration. if any other provision of this dispute resolution section is found to be illegal or unenforceable, that provision will be severed with the remainder of this section remaining in full force and effect. costs if you initiate an arbitration with the aaa, we will promptly reimburse you for any standard filing fee you may have been required to pay by the aaa, once you have notified us in writing and provided a copy of the arbitration demand. however, if we are the prevailing party in the arbitration, we will be entitled to seek and recover our attorneys’ fees and costs, subject to the arbitrator’s determination and applicable law. small claims option you may also litigate any dispute in small claims court in the county of los angeles, california, if the dispute meets all requirements to be heard in the small claims court. you can learn more about the small claims court in the county of los angeles by clicking here. however, if you initiate a small claims case, you are responsible for all your court costs. choice of law and forum selection you agree that the laws of the state of california govern this agreement and any claim or dispute or issues arising from it, without regard to california’s conflict of laws rules. unless you and we agree otherwise, in the event that the agreement to arbitrate above is found not to apply to you or to a particular claim or dispute as a result of a decision by the arbitrator or a court order, you agree that any disputes or claims that you may have against us reside in and will be resolved by a state or federal court located in los angeles county in the state of california and you agree and submit to the exercise of personal jurisdiction of such courts for the purpose of litigating any such claim or action. notice for users in california this notice is for users of the website residing in the state of california. please be advised that the complaint assistance unit of the division of consumer services of the california department of consumer affairs may be reached by mail at 1625 north market blvd., sacramento, ca 95834 or by telephone at (800) 952-5210. miscellaneous the terms & conditions (together with the privacy policy) represent the parties' entire understanding relating to the use of the website and supersedes any prior or contemporaneous, conflicting or additional, communications. we reserve the right to change these terms & conditions or policies relating to the website at any time and from time to time, and such changes will be effective upon being posted herein. you should visit this page from time to time to review the then current terms & conditions because they are binding on you. certain provisions of these terms & conditions may be superseded by expressly designated legal notices or terms located on particular pages of the website, which may be posted from time to time. your continued use of the website after any such changes and/or postings shall constitute your consent to such changes. if any provision of these terms & conditions is held by a court of competent jurisdiction to be invalid or unenforceable, then such provision(s) shall be construed to reflect the intentions of the invalid or unenforceable provision(s), with all other provisions remaining in full force and effect. you may not assign these terms & conditions without the prior written approval of hollar. any purported assignment in violation of this section shall be void. hollar reserves the right to use third party providers in the provision of the website and service. in the event of any litigation of any controversy or dispute arising out of or in connection with these terms & conditions, its interpretation, its performance, or the like, the prevailing party shall be awarded reasonable attorneys' fees and expenses, court costs, and reasonable costs for expert and other witnesses attributable to the prosecution or defense of that controversy or dispute. any and all rights not expressly granted herein are reserved by hollar contact us please feel free to contact us with any comments, questions or suggestions you might have regarding the website. you may contact us at: support@hollar.com. terms & conditions last modified on march 28, 2016. price comparison"price comparison" the comparative reference price shows the actual price offered for the same product at another online retailer which has been checked within the past 48 hours. hollar + care bears termshollar + care bears sweepstakes official rules (subject to change) no purchase necessary to enter or win. making a purchase or payment of any kind will not increase your chances of winning. void where prohibited or restricted by law. all disputes will be resolved solely by binding arbitration and entrants waive the ability to bring claims in a class action format. sweepstakes description: the hollar and care bears sweepstakes (the "sweepstakes") begins on september 6, 2017 at 12:00 a.m. pacific standard time (“pst”) and ends on september 30, 2017 at 12:59 p.m. pst (the "promotion period"). the sponsor of this sweepstakes is hollar, inc (the "sponsor"). by participating in the sweepstakes, each entrant unconditionally accepts and agrees to comply with and abide by these official rules and the decisions of sponsor, which shall be final and binding in all respects. sponsor is responsible for the collection, submission or processing of entries and the overall administration of the sweepstakes. entrants should inquire solely with sponsor with any questions, comments or problems related to the sweepstakes. sponsor may be reached at hollar, inc., 2601 south malt avenue, ca 90040 during the promotion period. eligibility: open to all legal united states residence with a physical address in one of the fifty states. participants must be 18 (eighteen) years or older at the time of entry. employees, officers and directors of hollar, inc. and care bears, including their respective parent and affiliate companies as well as the immediate family (i.e., spouse, in-laws, grandparents, parents, siblings grandchildren and children) and household members (whether legally related or not) of each are not eligible to enter or win a prize in this sweepstakes. void where prohibited by law. participation constitutes entrant’s full and unconditional agreement to these “official rules” and sponsor’s decisions, which are final and binding in all matters related to the sweepstakes. winning a prize is contingent upon fulfilling all requirements set forth herein. prizes: grand prize: one winner will be awarded the grand prize of $1,000 (one thousand dollars) in cash, the complete 12-piece collection of hollar + care bears little surprise! pets, and one bonus 20-inch care bears plush toy. runner-up prizes: five winners will receive the runner-up prize that consists of a complete 12-piece collection of hollar + care bears little surprise! pets and one bonus 14-inch care bears plush toy. only one prize per person and per household will be awarded. prizes cannot be transferred, redeemed for cash or substituted by winner. sponsor reserves the right in its sole and absolute discretion to award a substitute prize of equal or greater value if a prize described in these official rules is unavailable or cannot be awarded, in whole or in part, for any reason. the arv of the prize represents sponsor's good faith determination. that determination is final and binding and cannot be appealed. if the actual value of the prize turns out to be less than the stated arv, the difference will not be awarded in cash. sponsor makes no representation or warranty concerning the appearance, safety or performance of any prize awarded. restrictions, conditions, and limitations may apply. sponsor will not replace any lost or stolen prize items. winners are responsible for the reporting and payment of all federal, state and local taxes (if any) and any other costs and expenses associated with prize acceptance and use not specified in these official rules and/or in the applicable entry instructions as being provided. winners will receive an irs 1099 form and will be required to sign documents acknowledging acceptance of the prize. all details of the prizes not specified herein at sponsor’s sole discretion. all prizes will be awarded and/or delivered to addresses within said locations. all federal, state and/or local taxes, fees, and surcharges are the sole responsibility of the prize winner. failure to comply with the official rules will result in forfeiture of the prize. grand prize winner will be required to fill out a w9 form to comply with federal tax laws around sweepstakes. how to enter: there are 2 (two) methods of entry for this sweepstakes, as follows: hollar email list sign-up method of entry. to enter the sweepstakes during the promotion period, you may visit the sweepstakes website at https://www.hollar.com/carebears (the “website”). the website will contain a description of the sweepstakes and the official entry form. to receive an entry into the sweepstakes, on the entry form, individuals will be required to enter their email address and consent to receive emails from hollar. to gain additional entries, entrants may perform the actions provided by the prompts on the website. multiple participants are not permitted to share the same email address. any attempt by any participant to obtain more than the stated number of entries by using multiple/different email or addresses, accounts, identities, registrations and logins, or any other methods will void that participant’s entries and that participant may be disqualified. use of any automated system to participate is prohibited and will result in disqualification. in the event of a dispute as to any entrant, the authorized account holder of the email address associated with the entry will be deemed to be the entrant. the “authorized account holder” is the natural person assigned an email address by an internet access provider, online service provider or other organization responsible for assigning email addresses for the domain associated with the submitted address. each potential winner may be required to show proof of being the authorized account holder. mail-in method of entry. to enter without having to sign-up for hollar emails, legibly hand print on a 3’ x 5’ card your full name, complete address, daytime telephone number (including area code), email address and date of birth and mail it with proper postage to: hollar + care bears sweepstakes entry, 2601 south malt avenue, ca 90040, attn: social media team. to protect your privacy, we recommend you send the 3x5 card in an envelope. all mail-in entries must be postmarked by september 30, 2017 and received by sponsor no later than october 5, 2017 to be eligible for the sweepstakes. winner selection: the winner(s) of the sweepstakes will be selected in a random drawing from among all eligible entries received throughout the promotion period. the random drawing will be conducted about one (1) day after the promotion period by sponsor or its designated representatives, whose decisions are final. odds of winning will vary depending on the number of eligible entries received. winner notification: winner will be notified by email at the email address provided in the entry information approximately one (1) day after the random drawing. potential winner must accept a prize by email as directed by sponsor within seven (7) days of notification. sponsor is not responsible for any delay or failure to receive notification for any reason, including inactive email account(s), technical difficulties associated therewith, or winner’s failure to adequately monitor any email account. any winner notification not responded to or returned as undeliverable may result in prize forfeiture. the potential prize winner may be required to sign and return an affidavit of eligibility and release of liability, and a publicity release (collectively "the prize claim documents"). no substitution or transfer of a prize is permitted except by sponsor. winner list/official rules: to obtain a copy of the winner list or a copy of these official rules, send your request along with a stamped, self-addressed envelope to 2601 south malt avenue, ca 90040, attn: social media team. requests for the names of the winners must be received no later than seven (7) days after the promotion period has ended. miscellaneous: the invalidity or unenforceability of any provision of these official rules will not affect the validity or enforceability of any other provision. in the event that any provision of the official rules is determined to be invalid or otherwise unenforceable or illegal, the other provisions will remain in effect and will be construed in accordance with their terms as if the invalid or illegal provision were not contained herein. sponsors' failure to enforce any term of these official rules will not constitute a waiver of that provision. entrants agree to waive any rights to claim ambiguity of these official rules. headings are solely for convenience of reference and will not be deemed to affect in any manner the meaning or intent of the documents or any provision hereof. in the event there is a discrepancy or inconsistency between disclosures or other statements contained in any sweepstakes-related materials, privacy policy or terms of use on the twitter and/or the terms and conditions of the official rules, the official rules shall prevail, govern and control and the discrepancy will be resolved in sponsors' sole and absolute discretion. governing law / limitation of liability: all issues and questions concerning the construction, validity, interpretation and enforceability of these official rules or the rights and obligations of entrants, sponsor or the released parties in connection with the sweepstakes will be governed by and construed in accordance with the internal laws of the state of california, without giving effect to any choice or conflict of law rules that would cause application of any other state’s laws. by entering the sweepstakes, entrant agrees that to the extent permitted by applicable law: (a) any and all disputes, claims and causes of action arising out of or connected with the sweepstakes, or any prize awarded, will be resolved individually, without resort to any form of class action; (b) any and all claims, judgments and awards will be limited to actual third-party, out-of-pocket costs incurred (if any) not to exceed ten dollars, but in no event will attorneys’ fees be awarded or recoverable; (c) under no circumstances will any entrant be permitted to obtain any award for, and entrant hereby knowingly and expressly waives all rights to seek, punitive, incidental, consequential or special damages, lost profits and/or any other damages, other than actual out of pocket expenses not to exceed ten dollars, and/or any rights to have damages multiplied or otherwise increased; and (d) entrants’ remedies are limited to a claim for money damages (if any) and entrant irrevocably waives any right to seek injunctive or equitable relief. some jurisdictions do not allow the limitations or exclusion of liability, so the above may not apply to you. privacy: any personal information supplied by you will be subject to the privacy policy of the sponsor posted at https://www.hollar.com/privacy. by entering the sweepstakes, you grant sponsor permission to share your email address and any other personally identifiable information with the other sweepstakes entities for the purpose of administration and prize fulfillment, including use in a publicly available winners list. limitation of liability: sponsor assumes no responsibility or liability for (a) any incorrect or inaccurate entry information, or for any faulty or failed electronic data transmissions; (b) any unauthorized access to, or theft, destruction or alteration of entries at any point in the operation of this sweepstakes; (c) any technical malfunction, failure, error, omission, interruption, deletion, defect, delay in operation or communications line failure, regardless of cause, with regard to any equipment, systems, networks, lines, satellites, servers, camera, computers or providers utilized in any aspect of the operation of the sweepstakes; (d) inaccessibility or unavailability of any network or wireless service, the internet or website or any combination thereof; (e) suspended or discontinued internet, wireless or landline phone service; or (f) any injury or damage to participant's or to any other person’s computer or mobile device which may be related to or resulting from any attempt to participate in the sweepstakes or download of any materials in the sweepstakes. if, for any reason, the sweepstakes is not capable of running as planned for reasons which may include without limitation, infection by computer virus, tampering, unauthorized intervention, fraud, technical failures, or any other causes which may corrupt or affect the administration, security, fairness, integrity or proper conduct of this sweepstakes, the sponsor reserves the right at its sole discretion to cancel, terminate, modify or suspend the sweepstakes in whole or in part. in such event, sponsor shall immediately suspend all drawings and prize awards, and sponsor reserves the right to award any remaining prizes (up to the total arv as set forth in these official rules) in a manner deemed fair and equitable by sponsor. sponsor and released parties shall not have any further liability to any participant in connection with the sweepstakes. social network disclaimer: this promotion is in no way sponsored, endorsed or administered by or associated with facebook or instagram. you understand that you are providing your information to the sponsor and not to facebook or instagram. entrants may need an instagram and/or facebook account to gain additional entries. if you don’t already have a facebook account, visit www.facebook.com to create one. it is free to create an account. by participating via the facebook platform, participants are also subject to facebook’s data policy and terms of use, which can be found at https://www.facebook.com/about/privacy and https://www.facebook.com/legal/terms/update. if you don’t already have an instagram account, visit www.instagram.com to create one. it is free to create an account. by participating via the instagram platform, participants are also subject to instagram’s data policy and terms of use, which can be found at https://help.instagram.com/155833707900388 and https://help.instagram.com/478745558852511e. sponsor: hollar, inc., 2601 south malt avenue, ca 90040. hollar haul contest termshollar haul photo contest official rules (subject to change) eligibility: open to all legal united states residence with a physical address in one of the fifty states. participants must be 18 (eighteen) years or older at the time of entry and have a hollar account prior to the official voting period. employees, officers and directors of hollar, inc., including their respective parent and affiliate companies as well as the immediate family (i.e., spouse, in-laws, grandparents, parents, siblings grandchildren and children) and household members (whether legally related or not) of each are not eligible to enter or win a prize in this contest. void where prohibited by law. participation constitutes entrant’s full and unconditional agreement to these “official rules” and hollar, inc.’s decisions, which are final and binding in all matters related to the contest. winning a prize is contingent upon fulfilling all requirements set forth herein. how to enter: to enter the contest, entrant must have registered account with www.instagram.com (“instagram”). entrant’s instagram account must be set to “public”. if entrant does not have an account, they can go to www.instagram.com to create one. instagram accounts are free. by submitting their information and creating an instagram account, entrant agrees to the instagram terms of use and privacy notice. if entrant does not agree to such terms of use and privacy notice, you cannot create an instagram account or participate in this contest. entrant can return their account to “private” any time after the winner announcement. to submit an entry, entrant must upload a photo of their hollar order (purchased prior to contest voting period) to instagram and then to www.hollar.com/hollarhaul by connecting their instagram account. no additional purchase necessary to participate in the contest. photo entries must be submitted by september 30, 2017 – 11:59pm pst. by submitting to the contest the applicant agrees that hollar may reproduce their work (at no fee) for communication purposes (including press, publicity, website, social media, promotion, and any other printed or digital material in relation to hollar. to enter: 1. entrant’s instagram privacy options on your account settings must be set to "off". 2. entrant must upload a photo of their hollar order to instagram. 3. post must include #hollarhaul. 4. entrant then must connect to instagram on www.hollar.com/hollarhaul and upload their entry in the submission form. 5. post must be sent from one (1) instagram account only. multiple accounts may not be used and anyone found to use multiple accounts to enter will be ineligible. 6. only one photo is allowed per entry. 7. limit one (1) entry per person/per month; however each entry must be substantially different than any other entry submitted by you. regramming or copying and using a photo created by another user is not allowed. entries received in excess of the entry limit stated herein will be disqualified. multiple entrants are not permitted to share the same instagram account. any attempt by any entrant to submit more than the stated number of entries by using multiple/different instagram accounts, identities, or any other method will void that entrant's entries and that entrant may be disqualified. entries that do not comply with these official rules, as determined in sponsor’s sole discretion, will be disqualified from the contest. if the sponsor determines that the content of the entry is obscene, offensive, or inappropriate or otherwise not in keeping with sponsor’s image or these official rules (including, but not limited to, the entry contest guidelines below), the entry will not be eligible for any prize consideration and may be withdrawn from the contest at any time at the sole discretion of the sponsor. by uploading a photo, entrant agrees that the photo (1) conforms to the terms of use/guidelines and content restrictions of instagram; (2) conforms to the guidelines and content restrictions below; and (3) sponsor and/or administrator, in its sole discretion, and without notice, may remove the photo from the gallery and disqualify entrant from the promotion if it determines that the photo fails to conform to the guidelines and content restrictions or otherwise with the terms of these official rules. entry content guidelines: 1. incomplete or inaccurate entries are void. by entering, entrants acknowledge compliance with these official rules, including all eligibility requirements. 2. entry must be entrant's own original creation executed solely by entrant, may not have won any previous #hollarhaul contest. 3. entry must be in keeping with sponsor's image and may not be obscene, indecent or otherwise offensive, as determined by judges or sponsor at their sole discretion, nor can the entry defame or invade publicity rights or privacy of any person, living or deceased, or otherwise infringe upon any person's personal or proprietary rights, including but not limited to intellectual property rights, and the right to submit or use same shall not be restricted. 4. content cannot promote any activities that may appear unsafe or dangerous. content cannot endorse any form of hate or hate group. 5. content cannot defame, misrepresent or contain disparaging remarks about any person or entity, including but not limited to the sponsor or its affiliates or their products or services, as determined in the sole discretion of the sponsor. 6. content cannot contain any material that may, in the sole judgment of sponsor, infringe on the intellectual property rights of any third party, including but not limited to, copyrights or trademarks owned by others. 7. content cannot advertise or promote any third party brand or product of any kind or contain any personal identification, including, but not limited to: license plate numbers, personal names, e-mail addresses, phone numbers, or street addresses. 8. content cannot contain materials embodying the names or other indicia of, or identifying any person, living or dead (other than yourself), unless appropriate permission and releases have been obtained for your use of such material in your entry. 9. content cannot communicate messages inconsistent with the messages, policies, and/or goodwill with which the sponsor wishes to associate, as determined in the sole discretion of the sponsor. 10. content cannot be in violation of any applicable federal, state, and/or local laws, rules, and regulations. if the sponsor determines in its sole discretion that the content of the entry is obscene, offensive, inappropriate, or unacceptable for any reason, the entry will not be eligible for any prize consideration and may be withdrawn without notice from the contest at any time at the sole discretion of the sponsor and/or administrator. by submitting an entry and using the hashtag(s), entrant acknowledges that he/she read, understands and agrees to the official rules. entries may only be submitted by a single entrant. entries that do not comply with these official rules, as determined in sponsor and/or administrator’s sole discretion, will be disqualified from the contest. the person submitting the entry must be the authorized account holder of such instagram account, otherwise the entry may be deemed void. in the event of a dispute over the identity of a potential winner, the entry will be declared made by the authorized holder of the instagram account used for entry, and potential winner may be required to provide identification sufficient to show that he/she is the authorized account holder of such instagram account. it is the sole responsibility of the entrant to notify the sponsor in writing if the entrant changes his or her instagram account during the promotion period. proof of submission of entry does not constitute proof of delivery of entry. all entries become the property of sponsor. winner selection: the winner(s) of the contest will be determined by public voting from the selection of all eligible entries received throughout the entry period. the public voting opens october 1, 2017 - 12am pst and closes october 8, 2017 0 11:49 pst. public voting will be available at www.hollar.com/hollarhaul. prizes: grand prize: one winner with the most votes will be awarded $100 in shopping credit redeemable only at www.hollar.com and/or the hollar app. runner-up prize: one winner with second most votes will be awarded $50 in shopping credit redeemable only at www.hollar.com and/or the hollar app. only one prize per person and per household will be awarded. prizes cannot be transferred, redeemed for cash or substituted by winner. all details of the prizes not specified herein at hollar inc.’s sole discretion. all prizes will be applied to the winner’s hollar account. failure to comply with the official rules will result in forfeiture of the prize. winner notification: winner will be notified by email at the email address provided in the entry information within three (3) days after the voting period. potential winner must accept a prize by email as directed by hollar, inc. within two (2) days of notification. hollar, inc. is not responsible for any delay or failure to receive notification for any reason, including inactive email account(s), technical difficulties associated therewith, or winner’s failure to adequately monitor any email account. any winner notification not responded to or returned as undeliverable may result in prize forfeiture. no substitution or transfer of a prize is permitted except by hollar, inc. social network disclaimer: this promotion is in no way sponsored, endorsed or administered by or associated with instagram. you understand that you are providing your information to hollar, inc. and not to instagram. if you don’t already have an instagram account, visit www.instagram.com to create one. it is free to create an account. by participating via the instagram platform, participants are also subject to instagram’s data policy and terms of use, which can be found at https://help.instagram.com/155833707900388 and https://help.instagram.com/478745558852511e. sponsor: hollar, inc., 2601 south malt avenue, ca 90040. want more of the good stuff? download the app join the party on: category shop party shop gifts style shop by category hollar blog sell on hollar download the app my account faq about contact press terms of service privacy policy copyright © 2017, hollar inc. all rights reserved download our app, get $2 off your first purchase with code soappy $2$25$2$10$2$12welcome toget ready to score gazillions of awesome stuff starting at just $1 enjoy free shipping on your first orderfemalemalejoin for freealready a member?by submitting you agree to the terms of service. you will receive email periodically and can opt-out at any time$2$15$2$4$2$6