来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20200707115626/https://www.hollar.com/faq
================================================================================

faqs - hollar | shop deals starting at $1 for home, toys, beauty & more. created with sketchtool. created with sketch. created with sketch. created with sketchtool. created with sketch. created with sketch. created with sketch. created with sketch. created with sketch. created with sketchtool. created with sketch. created with sketchtool. created with sketchtool. created with sketch. created with sketch. created with sketchtool. created with sketch. created with sketch. created with sketchtool. created with sketchtool. created with sketchtool. created with sketch. created with sketch. 1583286411get to know usfaqscontact uscalifornia proposition 65california consumer privacy noticeprivacy policyterms of servicecalifornia transparency in supply chains actlive chatfaqsgeneral what is hollar? hollar is your destination for the coolest gifts and goods starting at just $1. with a gazillion categories to shop, there’s always something new to score each and every day. we’re all about making shopping insanely fun—and keeping wallets extra happy. ☺ where do you ship from? items sold and fulfilled by hollar ship from our fulfillment center in fairfield, ohio. need help placing an order? send us a note at support@hollar.com. our support hours are monday - friday, 7am - 4pm pt. can i resell your products? hollar’s merchandise is offered for sale by us for your personal enjoyment only. we do not support the reselling of any of our items. shipping how much is shipping? to qualify for free shipping on orders, the order must include at least $19 in items fulfilled by hollar. standard shipping for items fulfilled by hollar is $3.99. can i expedite my shipping? we are unable to expedite orders at this time, but we hope to expand those choices in the future. where do you ship to? we ship only to the 48 contiguous states in the united states. do you ship to alaska and hawaii? we’re currently unable to ship to these states. stay tuned as we work on expanding our shipping options to new locations. do you ship to apo/fpo addresses? we don’t offer delivery to apo/fpo addresses at the moment. but hold tight—we’re working on spreading the hollar love in more areas. order & payments how can i edit my order or change my shipping address? email us at support@hollar.com. please note that some orders are shipped shortly after placement and it may not always be possible to edit or cancel. what payment methods do you accept? we accept all major credit cards, including visa, mastercard, discover, american express as well as paypal. returns can i return my hollar items? yes! if you’re not 100% happy with our products, we’ll gladly accept returns within 30 days of delivery. just send us a note at support@hollar.com. our support hours are monday - friday, 7am - 4pm pt. please note that products must be unused and in their original packaging. contact usgot questions? we've got answers. go ahead and shoot us a note! hollar support team support hours: mon - fri (7am - 4pm pt) email: support@hollar.com live chat business development bd@hollar.com press & media pr@hollar.com vendors & suppliers supplier@hollar.com want to become an affiliate? join our affiliate program california proposition 65california's proposition 65 entitles california consumers to special warnings for products that contain chemicals known to the state of california to cause cancer, or birth defects or other reproductive harm if those products expose consumers to such chemicals above certain threshold levels. we care about our customers' safety and hope that the information below helps with your buying decisions. for more information and frequently asked questions about proposition 65, go to oehha’s website at: https://oehha.ca.gov/proposition-65. for a fully updated list of all the chemicals and compounds that are known to the state of california to cause cancer or reproductive toxicity, go to: https://oehha.ca.gov/proposition-65/proposition-65-list for all products linked to this page, we provide the following general notice: warning: this product contains chemicals known to the state of california to cause cancer, or birth defects or other reproductive harm. tools warning: some dust created by power sanding, sawing, grinding, drilling, and other construction activities contains chemicals known to the state of california to cause cancer, or birth defects or other reproductive harm. some examples of these chemicals are: lead from lead-based paints, crystalline silica from bricks and cement and other masonry products, and arsenic and chromium from chemically treated lumber. your risk from exposure to these chemicals varies, depending on how often you do this type of work. to reduce your exposure, work in a well-ventilated area and with approved safety equipment, such as dust masks that are specially designed to filter out microscopic particles. lead crystal glasses lead levels in the crystal glasses sold in our kitchen & housewares store comply with fda standards.: warning: consuming foods or beverages that have been kept or served in leaded crystal products will expose you to lead, a chemical known to the state of california to cause cancer, or birth defects or other reproductive harm. ceramic tableware lead levels in the ceramic tableware sold in our kitchen & housewares store comply with fda standards.: warning: use of this tableware will expose you to lead, a chemical known to the state of california to cause cancer, or birth defects or other reproductive harm. jewelry and tiffany style lamps warning: this product contains lead, a chemical known to the state of california to cause cancer, or birth defects or other reproductive harm. wash hands after handling. pvc coated products or pvc coated wires, cords, plugs & connectors warning: the plastic on this product contains lead, a chemical known to the state of california to cause cancer, or birth defects or other reproductive harm. wash hands after handling. electrical cords warning: the wires of this product contain chemicals known to the state of california to cause cancer, or birth defects or other reproductive harm. wash hands after handling. motor vehicles parts & accessories warning: motor vehicles contain fuel, oils and fluids, battery posts, terminals and related accessories which contain lead and lead compounds and other chemicals known to the state of california to cause cancer, or birth defects or other reproductive harm. these chemicals are found in vehicles, vehicle parts and accessories, both new and as replacements. when being serviced, these vehicles generate used oil, waste fluids, grease, fumes and particulates, all known to the state of california to cause cancer, or birth defects or reproductive harm. beauty products for beauty and skin care products that contain progesterone: warning: this product contains progesterone, a chemical known to the state of california to cause cancer. consult with your physician before using this product. for beauty and skin care products that contain cocamide diethanolamine (cocamide dea): warning: this product contains cocamide dea, a chemical known to the state of california to cause cancer. consult with your physician before using this product. for beauty and skin care products that contain diethanolamine (or dea): warning: this product contains dea, a chemical known to the state of california to cause cancer. consult with your physician before using this product. fresh fruits, nuts, and vegetables warning: this product may contain a chemical known to the state of california to cause cancer, or birth defects or other reproductive harm. california consumer privacy notice hollar.com is owned by five below, inc. the california consumer privacy notice below is therefore applicable to users of hollar.com. effective date: january 1, 2020 this notice reflects our good faith understanding of the california consumer privacy act (the "ccpa") and our data practices as of january 1, 2020, but the ccpa’s implementing regulations are not yet final, and there remain differing interpretations of the law. accordingly, we may update information regarding our data practices and your rights, modify our methods for responding to your requests, and/or supplement our response to your requests, as we continue to develop our compliance program to reflect the evolution of the law and our understanding of how it relates to our data practices. this california privacy notice ("notice") applies to "consumers" as defined by the ccpa and supplements other five below privacy policies and notices. in the event of a conflict between any other five below policy, statement, or notice and this notice, this notice will prevail as to california consumers and their rights under the ccpa. in accordance with the ccpa’s requirements, this notice covers the calendar year 2019 and describes our collection, use, disclosure, and sale of california consumers’ "personal information" ("pi"), as well as rights california consumers have under the ccpa. terms defined in the ccpa that are used in this notice have the same meanings as in the ccpa. collection and use of personal information we collect pi about california consumers as described in the table below. category examples of pi collected sources of pi purposes for pi collection categories of recipients identifiers name, postal address, internet protocol address, email address consumer directly (e.g. forms you complete or services you obtain from us)consumer indirectly (e.g. from activity on our websites or applications) performing services on behalf of the business, including maintaining or servicing accounts, providing customer service, processing or fulfilling orders and transactions, verifying customer information, or processing paymentsinterest-based advertising ad networks, analytics providers, and social networks customer records name, address, telephone number, email address, payment card details consumer directly performing services on behalf of the business, including maintaining or servicing accounts, providing customer service, processing or fulfilling orders and transactions, verifying customer information, or processing paymentsinterest-based advertising ad networks, analytics providers, and social networks protected characteristics marital/familial status, race, religion, disabilities consumer directly interest-based advertising internal commercial information / purchase details purchase history or tendencies consumer directlyconsumer indirectly performing services on behalf of the business, including maintaining or servicing accounts, providing customer service, processing or fulfilling orders and transactions, verifying customer information, or processing paymentsinterest-based advertising internal internet usage information browsing history, search history, information regarding interactions with our website or advertisements consumer directly interest-based advertising internal geolocation data precise physical location, movements, and travel patterns consumer directly interest-based advertising internal sensory data audio recordings of customer service calls, cctv footage consumer directlycctv security cameras performing services on behalf of the business, including maintaining or servicing accounts, providing customer service, processing or fulfilling orders and transactions, verifying customer information, or processing payments.loss prevention internal inferences from pi collected customer profiles reflecting preferences and predispositions consumer directlyconsumer indirectly performing services on behalf of the business, including maintaining or servicing accounts, providing customer service, processing or fulfilling orders and transactions, verifying customer information, or processing paymentsinterest-based advertising ad networks, analytics providers, and social networks in addition, we may collect, use, and disclose your pi as required or permitted by applicable law. we do not treat deidentified data or aggregate consumer information as pi, and we reserve the right to convert, or permit others to convert, your pi into deidentified data or aggregate consumer information. subject to the ccpa’s restrictions and obligations, our affiliates, service providers, and vendors also may use your pi for some or all of the above-listed business purposes. we may share your pi with our affiliates, service providers, vendors (including those that facilitate interest-based advertising and other advertising and marketing), and other parties as described in the table above. five below does not "sell" (as the term "sale" is defined by the ccpa) consumer pi. california privacy rights under the ccpa, california consumers have certain rights which they may exercise independently or through an authorized agent. ccpa rights requests are subject to an identification and verification process. we will not fulfill a ccpa request unless we have been provided sufficient information for us to reasonably verify that the requestor is the consumer about whom we collected pi. some pi we maintain about consumers (e.g., clickstream data) is not sufficiently associated with enough pi about the consumer for us to be able to verify that it is a particular consumer’s pi. accordingly, we will not include such information in response to consumer requests. if we cannot comply with a request, we will explain the reasons in our response. we will use pi provided in your request only to verify your identity or authority to make the request and to track and document request responses, unless you also provided the pi to us for another purpose. we will make commercially reasonable efforts to identify consumer pi that we collect, use, store, disclose, or otherwise process, and to respond to your california consumer privacy rights requests. in some cases, particularly with voluminous and/or typically irrelevant data, we may provide you with a summary of your pi and give you the opportunity to elect whether you want us to provide the entire data set. alternatively, we may direct you on how to access and copy responsive pi yourself. we may charge a reasonable fee or refuse to act upon a request if the request is excessive, repetitive, unfounded, or overly burdensome. if we determine that the request warrants a fee, or that we may decline to comply with the request, we will give you notice explaining why we made that decision. in the case of a fee, we will provide a cost estimate and the opportunity to accept such fees before charging you for responding to your request. your california consumer privacy rights are described below. to make a request, complete an online form on our website by clicking here (or call us at 1 (888) 914-9661 pin: 103 569). an email address is required to verify your request. once the request is made, a verification email will be sent to the email address provided. please follow the instructions on our website and promptly respond to any follow-up inquires so that we may confirm your identity. if you request that we provide you with specific pieces of information about you, we may apply the heightened verification standards set forth in this notice. an authorized agent may submit a request on behalf of a consumer here if the consumer has provided the authorized agent with power of attorney in accordance with california law; alternatively, the agent must (1) present verifiable written authorization from the consumer that the agent has the consumer’s permission to submit the request; and (2) independently verify the agent’s own identity with five below. we may collect, use, and disclose your pi as required or permitted by applicable law. please note we are not obligated to comply with consumer requests to the extent that doing so would infringe on our, or any other person’s or party’s, rights or conflict with applicable law. disclosure rights you have the right to request that we disclose your pi that we have collected and are maintaining for the 12-month period prior to the request date. consumer requests of this nature may be made no more than 2 times in a 12-month period. the categories of pi we have collected about you, including the categories of sources from which we collected your pi and the purpose(s) for such collection. the specific pieces of pi we have collected about you. the categories of third parties to whom we have disclosed your pi, including a list of the categories of pi disclosed (or a statement that no such disclosure occurred). a list of the categories of pi sold about you, including the categories of third parties to whom we sold your pi and the purposes for the sale (or a statement that no such sale occurred). with respect to (1) and (2) above, we will provide this information in a portable and, if technically feasible, readily usable format. "do not sell" rights we do not sell california consumer pi as defined under the ccpa and, until such time as we change our practices by updating this privacy notice, will treat pi collected under this notice as subject to a "do not sell" request. some browsers have signals that may be characterized as "do not track" signals, but we do not understand them to operate in that manner or to signify a "do not sell" request. we understand that various parties are developing "do not sell" signals, and we may recognize certain such signals if we conclude such a program is appropriate. deletion rights you may request that we delete your pi that we have collected directly from you. under the ccpa, we may decline to delete your pi under certain circumstances, for example, if we need the pi to complete transactions or provide services you have requested or that are reasonably anticipated, for security purposes, for internal business purposes (including maintaining business records), to comply with law, or to exercise or defend legal claims. note also that we are not required to delete your pi that we did not collect directly from you. non-discrimination rights we will not discriminate against you in a manner prohibited by the ccpa because you exercise your ccpa rights. california’s "shine the light" law california’s "shine the light" law permits customers in california to request certain details about how certain types of their information are shared with third parties and, in some cases, affiliates, for those third parties’ and affiliates’ own direct marketing purposes. under this law, a business must either provide california customers certain information upon request or permit california customers to opt in or out of this type of sharing. we may from time to time, with your consent, elect to share certain information we have collected about you with third parties and affiliates for those third parties’ and affiliates’ direct marketing purposes. if you are a california resident, you may prospectively opt out of such ongoing sharing by emailing privacy@fivebelow.com, or by sending a letter to five below, inc., 701 market street, suite 100, philadelphia, pa 19106 (attention: compliance department). requests must include "california privacy rights request" in the first line of the description and include your name, street address, city, state, and zip code. please note that we are only required to respond to one request per customer each year, and we are not required to respond to requests made by means other than through this email address or mail address. also note that your rights under the ccpa and california’s "shine the light" law must be exercised separately. contact us for more information regarding your california privacy rights, you may email us at privacy@fivebelow.com or call us at 1 (888) 914-9661 pin: 103 569. you also may write to us at: five below, inc., 701 market street, suite 100, philadelphia, pa 19106 (attn: compliance department). privacy policy hollar.com is owned by five below, inc. the privacy policy below is therefore applicable to users of hollar.com. effective date: january 1, 2020. introduction and overview. this “privacy policy” describes how five below, inc. (“five below,” “we,” “our,” or “us”) collects, uses, and shares information about you and applies to your use of any website, or other online service location that posts a link to this privacy policy, and all features, content, and other services that we own, control and make available through such website, or online service location (collectively, the “service”) regardless of the device you use to access it (each a “device”). this privacy policy does not apply to our information collection activities offline or otherwise outside of the service, or third-party-sourced information (unless otherwise stated below or at the time of collection, or to the extent such data is combined with personal information we have collected via the service). for certain services, there may be additional notices about information practices and choices. please read those additional privacy disclosures to understand how they apply to you. by visiting or otherwise using the service, you agree to our terms of use and consent to our collection, use and disclosure practices, and other activities as described in this privacy policy, and any additional privacy statements that may be posted on an applicable part of the service (including any children’s privacy policy).  if you do not agree and consent, discontinue use of the service.to download or print our privacy policy, click here. you can click on the following table of contents to link to the applicable sections of this privacy policy: information collection that you provide us that we collect automatically from other sources use of information sharing of information sweepstakes, contests and promotions information you publicly disclose to others tell-a-friend third-party services and social features analytics services, advertising, and online tracking your choices your information tracking technologies analytics and interest-based ads communications california privacy rights data security international transfer eeoc / affirmative action reporting changes to the privacy policy contact us 1. information collection. (a) information you provide to us. we collect information you provide directly to us via the service. for example, we collect information when you register or check out as a guest, purchase products, subscribe to our e-mails, complete a survey, participate in an online promotion, apply for a job, contact customer support, or otherwise communicate or transact with us through the service. the information we collect may include personal information and demographic information. “personal information” is information that can be used to individually identify you and/or any other individuals (whether alone or in combination), such as your first and last name, e-mail address, phone number, billing address, shipping address, and payment card information. “demographic information” is information such as your gender, age, zip code, interests, and recent and upcoming purchases. except to the extent required by applicable law, demographic information is “non-personal information” (i.e. data that is not personal information under this privacy policy). personal information once “de-identified” (i.e., the removal or modification of the personally identifiable elements, or the extraction of non-personally identifiable elements including through anonymization, pseudonymization, and hashing) is also non-personal information and may be used and shared without obligation to you, except as prohibited by applicable law. however, we do not make assurances that de-identified data is not capable of re-identification. personal information once de-identified will not be treated as personal information under this privacy policy and we and our service providers (defined below) may treat it as non-personal information and use it without obligation to you as permitted by applicable law. (b) information we collect automatically. we, and our service providers, may automatically collect certain information about you when you access or use the service (“usage information”). usage information may include your ip address, device identifier, ad id, browser type, operating system characteristics, data regarding network connected hardware (e.g., computer or mobile device), and information about your use of the service, such as the time and duration of your visit and how you arrived at and used the service. except to the extent required by applicable law, five below does not consider usage information to be personal information. however, usage information may be combined with your personal information. to the extent that we combine usage information with personal information we have ourselves collected from you via the service, we will treat the combined information as personal information under this privacy policy. the methods that we and our service providers may use to collect usage information include: log information: we may collect information about your use of the service, such as ip address, browser type, internet service provider, referring/exit pages, operating system, date/time stamps, and related data, and store it in log files. information collected by cookies and other tracking technologies: we may use cookies, web beacons (also known as “tracking pixels”), embedded scripts, and other tracking technologies now and hereafter developed (“tracking technologies”) to collect information about interactions with the service or e-mails, including information about your browsing and purchasing behavior.  these may include: cookies: a cookie is a small text file that is stored on a user’s device. we use both session id cookies and tracking cookies. session cookies make it easier for you to navigate the service and expire when you close your browser. tracking cookies help us understand how you use the service, and enhance your user experience. cookies may remain on your hard drive for an extended period of time. if you use your browser’s method of blocking or removing cookies, some features and functionalities of the service may not work. if you use your browser’s method of blocking or removing cookies, some but not all types of cookies may be deleted and/or blocked and as a result some features and functionalities of the service may not work. a flash cookie (or locally shared object) is a data file which may be placed on a device via the adobe flash plug-in that may be built-in to or downloaded by you to your device. html5 cookies can be programmed through html5 local storage. flash cookies and html 5 cookies are locally stored on your device other than in the browser and browser settings won’t control them. to identify certain types of local shared objects on your device and adjust your settings, please visit: www.macromedia.com/support/documentation/en/flashplayer/help/settings_manager.html. the service may associate some or all of these types of cookies with your devices. web beacons (“tracking pixels”): web beacons are small graphic images, also known as “internet tags” or “clear gifs,” embedded in web pages and e-mail messages. web beacons may be used to count the number of visitors to the service, to monitor how users navigate the service, and to count how many particular articles or links were actually viewed. embedded scripts: an embedded script is programming code designed to collect information about your interactions with the service. it is temporarily downloaded onto your computer from our web server or a third party with whom we work, is active only while you are connected to the service, and deleted or deactivated thereafter. fingerprinting: collection and analysis of information from your device, such as, without limitation, your operating system, plug-ins, system fonts, and other data, for purposes of identification and/or tracking. device recognition technologies: technologies, including application of statistical probability to data sets, as well as linking a common unique identifier to different device use (e.g., facebook id), which attempt to recognize or make assumptions about users and devices (e.g., that a user of multiple devices is the same user or household) we are giving you notice of the tracking technologies and your choices regarding them explained in the “analytics services, advertising, and online tracking” at section 8 and “your choices” at section 9 below, so that your consent to encountering them is meaningfully informed. (c) information from other sources. we may also obtain information about you from other sources and combine that with information we collect about you. to the extent we combine such third-party-sourced information with personal information we have ourselves collected directly from you on the service, we will treat the combined information as personal information under this privacy policy, otherwise we will not and this privacy policy will not govern such third-party-sourced information (even if it is personal information). we are not responsible for the accuracy of the information provided by third parties or third party practices. 2. use of information. we may use information (including personal information) about you for any purposes not inconsistent with our statements under this privacy policy or prohibited by applicable law, including, without limitation: (a) product & service fulfillment fulfill and manage purchases, orders, payments and returns/exchanges; respond to requests for information about our products and services in our stores, or on our website, mobile website or mobile applications or to otherwise serve you; connect with you regarding customer service, such as via our high five team or through social media or on social media platforms; administer sweepstakes and contests; and conduct a transaction where we collect information required by law (for example, age-restricted purchases). (b) our marketing purposes deliver coupons, mobile coupons, newsletters, in-store receipt messages, e-mails, mobile messages and social media notifications; provide interactive features of the service, such as product reviews, send marketing communications and other information regarding products, services and promotions; administer promotions, surveys and focus groups. send you advertisements and communicate with you regarding our and third party products, services, offers, promotions, rewards and events we think you may be interested in (for information about how to manage these communications, see “your choices” at section 9(c)); and (c) internal operations improve the effectiveness of our service, stores and marketing efforts; conduct research and analysis, including focus groups and surveys; perform other business activities as needed, or as described elsewhere in this policy; send you technical notices, updates, security alerts, information regarding changes to our policies, and support and administrative messages. register and service your account; facilitate and personalize your online experience; process your job applications; and (d) prevention of fraud & other harm prevent fraudulent transactions, monitor against theft and otherwise protect our guests and our business (e.g. product recalls). (e) legal compliance for example, assist law enforcement and respond to legal/regulatory inquiries. 3. sharing of information. our agents, vendors, consultants, and other service providers (collectively “service providers”) may collect, receive, or be given access to your information, without limitation, personal information and usage information, in connection with their work on our behalf. service providers may also collect, receive and use your information for other purposes. as an example we allow some of our service providers to use for their own purposes aggregate information which does not identify you or de-identified data that we may give them or permit them to create. we may also share information (including personal information) about you as follows: to comply with the law, law enforcement or other legal process, and except as prohibited by applicable law, in response to a government request; to protect the rights, property, life, health, security and safety of us, the service or any third party; in connection with, or during negotiations of, any proposed or actual merger, purchase, sale or any other type of acquisition or business combination of all or any portion of our assets, or transfer of all or a portion of our business to another company (“merger/sale”); with our affiliates for internal business purposes; with our affiliates, business partners, and other third parties for their own business purposes, including direct marketing purposes; provided, however that we will not knowingly share your personal information with unaffiliated third parties for their own direct marketing purposes without giving you the option to opt-in or opt-out of such sharing, except as part of a merger/sale (california residents have certain rights set forth in “your california privacy rights” in section 9(e); for a purpose disclosed elsewhere in this privacy policy, or at the time you provide your information; for any other purposes not inconsistent with our statements under this privacy policy or prohibited by applicable law, and with your consent or at your direction. as permitted by applicable law, we may share non-personal information, and third-party-sourced personal information (i.e., that is not collected by us via the service), provided that we are aware of no restrictions on our use, with third parties or our affiliates for any purpose. without limiting the foregoing, in our sole discretion, we may share aggregated information which does not identify you, or de-identified information about you, with third parties or affiliates for any purpose. without limiting the generality of the forgoing, we and third parties may convert your personal information to non-personal information, including without limitation through hashing it or substituting a unique identifier for the personal information, and we and third parties may use and share that data as permitted by applicable law, including to match data attributes to and from other sources.  any such third party activities are subject to their privacy policies and practices. 4. sweepstakes, contests, promotions. we may offer sweepstakes, contests, surveys, and other promotions (each, a “promotion”), including promotions jointly sponsored or offered by third parties, that may require submitting personal information. if you voluntarily choose to enter a promotion, your personal information may be disclosed to third parties such as for administrative purposes and as required by law (e.g., on a winners list). in addition, by entering, you agree to the official rules that govern that promotion, and may, except where prohibited by applicable law, allow us, the sponsor(s) and/or other parties to use your name, voice and/or likeness in advertising or marketing materials. 5. information you publicly disclose to others. the service may permit you to submit ideas, photographs, user profiles, writings, music, video, audio recordings, computer graphics, pictures, data, questions, comments, suggestions or other content, including personal information for public display (collectively, “user content”), such as via message boards, social media posts, product reviews and contest entries. we, and others, may store, display, reproduce, publish, distribute or otherwise use user content online or offline in any media or format (currently existing or hereafter developed) and may or may not attribute it to you. please keep in mind that if you share user content, others have the ability to access and share it with third parties. five below is not responsible for the privacy, security, accuracy, use, or misuse of any user content that you disclose or receive from third parties via the service. see also the section on “third-party services and social features” in section 7. california minors should see “your choices” at section 9(a) regarding removal of certain content they have posted on the service. 6. tell-a-friend. additionally, the service may offer you the option to send a communication to a friend. if so, five below relies on you to only send to people that have given you permission to do so. the friend’s personal information you provide (e.g., name, e-mail address) will be used to facilitate the communication, but not used by us for any other marketing purpose unless we obtain consent from that person. as permitted by applicable law, your contact information and message may be included in the communication. 7. third-party services and social features. the service may include hyperlinks to, or include on or in connection with, the service (e.g., plug-ins), websites, locations, platforms, applications or services operated by third parties (“third-party service(s)”). these third-party services may use their own cookies, web beacons, embedded scripts and other tracking technologies to independently collect information about you and may solicit personal information from you. certain functionalities on the service permit interactions that you initiate between the service and certain third-party services, such as third party social networks (“social features”). examples of social features include: enabling you to send content such as contacts and photos between the service and a third-party service; “liking” or “sharing” our content; logging in to the service using your third-party service account (e.g., using facebook connect to sign-in to the service); and to otherwise connect the service to a third-party service (e.g., to pull or push information to or from the service). if you use social features, and potentially other third-party services, information you post or provide access to may be publicly displayed on the service or by the third-party service that you use. similarly, if you post information on a third-party service that references the service (e.g., by using a hashtag associated with five below in a tweet or status update), your post may be used on or in connection with the service. also, both five below and the third party may have access to certain information about you and your use of the service and the third-party service. to the extent we combine information from third-party services with personal information we collect directly from you on the service, we will treat the combined information as personal information under this privacy policy. the information collected and stored by third-party services like facebook, instagram and twitter remains subject to their privacy practices, including whether they continue to share information with us, the types of information shared, and your choices on what is visible to others on third-party services.  we are not responsible for and make no representations regarding the policies or business practices of any third parties or third-party services and encourage you to familiarize yourself with and consult their privacy policies and terms of use. 8. analytics services, advertising, and online tracking. we may engage and work with third parties to serve advertisements on our behalf on the service and/or on third-party services and to provide analytics services about the use of the service and the performance of our ads and content on third-party services. in addition, we may participate in online advertising networks and exchanges that display relevant advertisements to the service visitors, on the service and on third-party services, and off of the service, based on their interests as reflected in their browsing of the service and certain third party websites and other locations. these entities may use cookies and other tracking technologies to automatically collect information about you and your activities, such as registering a unique identifier for your device and tying that to your online activities on and off of the service. we may use this information to analyze and track data, determine the popularity of certain content, deliver advertising and content targeted to your interests on the service and third-party services and better understand your online activity. some information about your use of the service and certain third party websites and other locations may be collected using tracking technologies across time and services and used by five below and third parties for purposes such as to associate different devices you use, and deliver relevant and retargeted ads (“interest-based ads”) and/or other content to you on the service and certain third party websites and other locations. third party analytics. we have engaged inspectlet to analyse the activities of visitors to this website, and inspectlet’s authorized use of cookies and other tracking technologies enable it to have access to personal information of visitors to this website. such access to and use of personal information by inspectlet is governed by inspectlet’s privacy policy. your browser settings may allow you to automatically transmit a “do not track” signal to online services you visit. note there is not yet an industry consensus as to what site and app operators should do with regard to these signals. accordingly, we do not monitor or take action with respect to “do not track” signals or other mechanisms. for more information on “do not track,” visit http://www.allaboutdnt.com. you may have certain choices regarding tracking technologies as explained in the next section. 9. your choices. (a) accessing and changing information. you may correct and update your account personal information you have submitted to us by contacting us here. we will make a good faith effort to make the changes in five below’s then-active databases as soon as practicable, but it may not be possible to completely change your information. we reserve the right to retain data as required by applicable law; and for so long as reasonably necessary to fulfill the purposes for which the data is retained, as permitted by applicable law (e.g., business records). any california residents under the age of eighteen (18) who have registered to use the service, and who have posted content or information on the service, can request that such information be removed from the service by contacting us as set forth in “contact us” at section 15 making such a request, stating that they personally posted such content or information and detailing where the content or information is posted. we will make reasonable good faith efforts to remove the post from prospective public view or anonymize it so the minor cannot be individually identified. this removal process cannot ensure complete or comprehensive removal. for instance, third-parties may have republished the post and archived copies of it may be stored by search engines and others that we do not control. (b) tracking technologies generally. regular cookies may generally be disabled or removed by tools available as part of most commercial browsers, and in some instances blocked in the future by selecting certain settings. browsers offer different functionalities and options so you may need to set them separately. please be aware that if you disable or remove these technologies some parts of the service may not work and that when you revisit the service your ability to limit browser-based tracking technologies is subject to your browser settings and limitations at that time. some third parties may also offer you choices regarding their tracking technologies. one way to potentially identify cookies on the service is to add the free ghostery plug-in to your browser (www.ghostery.com), which according to ghostery will display for you traditional, browser-based cookies associated with the web sites (but not mobile apps) you visit and privacy and opt-out policies and options of the parties operating those cookies. five belowis not responsible for the completeness or accuracy of this tool or third party choice notices or mechanisms.   for specific information on some of the choice options offered by third party analytics and advertising providers, see the next section. (c) analytics services and interest-based ads. five below may use google analytics or other service providers for analytics services. you may exercise choices regarding the use of cookies from google analytics by going to https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout or downloading the google analytics opt-out browser add-on. you may choose whether to receive some interest-based advertising by submitting opt-outs. some of the advertisers and service providers that perform advertising-related services for us and our partners may participate in the digital advertising alliance’s (“daa”) self-regulatory program for online behavioral advertising. to learn more about how you can exercise certain choices regarding interest-based advertising, visit http://www.aboutads.info/choices/, and http://www.aboutads.info/appchoices. some of these companies may also be members of the network advertising initiative (“nai”). to learn more about the nai and your opt-out options for their members, see http://www.networkadvertising.org/choices/. please be aware that, even if you are able to opt out of certain kinds of interest-based advertising, you may continue to receive other types of ads. opting out only means that those selected members should no longer deliver certain interest-based advertising to you, but does not mean you will no longer receive any targeted content and/or ads (e.g., from other ad networks). also, if your browsers are configured to reject cookies when you visit these opt-out webpages, or you subsequently erase your cookies, use a different device or web browser or use a non-browser-based method of access (e.g., mobile app), your nai / daa browser-based opt-out may not, or may no longer, be effective. we support the ad industry’s 2009 self-regulatory principles for online behavioral advertising, but we are not a member of the daa or nai and are not responsible for effectiveness of, or compliance with, any third-parties’ opt-out options or programs or the accuracy of their statements regarding their programs. in addition, we may serve ads on third-party services that are targeted to reach people on those services that are also identified on one of more of our data bases (“matched list ads”).  this is done by matching common factors between our data bases and the data bases of the third-party services. for instance, we may use such ad services offered by facebook or twitter and other third-party services. we are not responsible for these third-party services, including without limitation their security of the data. if we use facebook to serve matched list ads on facebook services, you should be able to hover over the box in the right corner of such a facebook ad and find out how to opt-out with us from such list. if you opt-out from our facebook matched list ads, we will remove the matching personal information from that list, however, this will not take effect immediately and if you have multiple e-mails or other accounts you may have to opt-out separately for each one. if we use twitter matched use ads, you should be able to opt-out through your account settings on twitter. if you opt-out from our twitter matched use ads, you will be removed from that list, however, this will not take effect immediately and if you have multiple e-mails or other accounts you may have to opt-out separately for each one. we are not responsible for such third parties’ failure to comply with your or our opt-out instructions or to provide us notice of your opt-out elections, and they may change their options without notice to us or you. (d) communications. you can opt out of receiving certain promotional e-mails from usat any time by following the instructions as provided in e-mails to click on the unsubscribe link, or by sending an e-mail to us here with the word unsubscribe in the subject field of the e-mail. please note that your opt-out is limited to the e-mail address used and will not affect subsequent subscriptions or non-promotional communications, such as administrative and service announcements. (e) your california privacy rights. california’s “shine the light” law permits customers in california to request certain details about how certain types of their information are shared with third parties and, in some cases, affiliates, for those third parties’ and affiliates’ own direct marketing purposes. under this law, a business must either provide california customers certain information upon request or permit california customers to opt-in to, or opt-out of, this type of sharing. we may from time to time, with your consent, elect to share certain information about you collected by us on the service with third parties and affiliates for those third parties’ and affiliates’ direct marketing purposes. if you are a california resident, you may prospectively opt-out of such ongoing sharing by contacting us here or by sending a letter to five below, inc., 701 market street, suite 100, philadelphia, pa 19106 (attention: legal counsel). requests must include “california privacy rights request” in the first line of the description and include your name, street address, city, state, and zip code. please note that we are only required to respond to one request per customer each year, and we are not required to respond to requests made by means other than through this e-mail address or mail address. 10. children’s privacy. the service is intended for a general audience and not directed to children less than 13 years of age. some portions of the service, however, may be intended as appropriate for a mixed audience of users under and over 13 years of age (e.g., a separate “all ages” section), or for users under 13 years of age (e.g., a separate “kids” section). for further information on how we treat children’s personal information (defined below) in connection with any children’s or mixed-use portions of the service (if any), please see the children’s privacy policy posted thereon, which will be deemed incorporated herein for purposes of that part of the service. we do not intend to collect personal information as defined by the u.s. children’s privacy protection act (“coppa”) (“children’s personal information”) in a manner that is not permitted by coppa, and for any children’s or mixed-use portions of the service (if any) we will comply with coppa. if you are a parent or guardian and believe five below has collected children’s personal information in a manner not permitted by coppa, please contact us here and we will remove such data to the extent required by coppa. for more information about coppa and general tips about protecting children’s online privacy, please visit the federal trade commission’s website at https://www.ftc.gov/tips-advice/business-center/guidance/complying-coppa-frequently-asked-questions#general questions. california minors should see “your choices” at section 9(a) regarding removal of certain content they have posted on the service. 11. data security. we take reasonable measures to help protect information about you from loss, theft, misuse and unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration and destruction. nevertheless, transmission via the internet is not completely secure and we cannot guarantee the security of your information collected through the service. 12. international transfer. we are based in the u.s. and the information we collect is governed by u.s. law. if you are accessing the service from outside of the u.s., please be aware that information collected through the service may be transferred to, processed, stored and used in the u.s. data protection laws in the u.s. may be different from those of your country of residence. your use of the service, or provision of any information to us via email or the service therefore constitutes your consent to the transfer to and from, processing, usage, sharing and storage of your information, including personal information, in the u.s. as set forth in this privacy policy. 13. eeoc / affirmative action reporting. in conjunction with laws and regulations enforced by the equal employment opportunity commission (“eeoc”), the office of federal contract compliance programs (“ofccp”) and similar state and local regulatory agencies, we may ask you to provide us with self-identifying information (such as veteran status, gender and ethnicity). providing such self-identifying information is voluntary, but if you do provide us with such information, we may submit that information to the eeoc, the ofccp and similar state and local regulatory agencies or otherwise use or disclose it for business-related purposes, including responding to information requests, fulfilling regulatory reporting requirements and defending against employment-related complaints. 14. changes to this privacy policy. the service will continue to evolve. we reserve the right to revise and reissue this privacy policy at any time as our practices change. as permitted by applicable law, any changes will be effective immediately upon posting of the revised privacy policy and your continued use of the service indicates your consent to the privacy policy posted and our revised practices it describes. you are encouraged to check the then current privacy policy each time you transact via the service or otherwise use the service. we may provide you additional notice of changes, such as when you sign in to your account or to an e-mail address you have given to us. 15. contact us. for any requests relating to your personal information, or if you have any questions about this privacy policy, please contact by e-mail here or by postal mail at five below, inc., 701 market street, suite 100 philadelphia, pa 19106 (attn: privacy coordinator). terms of servicehollar.com is owned by five below, inc. the terms of service below is therefore applicable to users of hollar.com. welcome to the hollar website (www.hollar.com) hosted by hollar inc. (hereafter also referred to as “hollar” “we” and “us”). please review the following terms and conditions concerning your use of and access to the hollar website located at hollar.com (including any affiliated sub-domain and mobile applications and sites) and any services offered therefrom (including, without limitation, the distribution, sale or offer of goods for sale) (collectively referred to hereafter as, the “website”). by accessing, using, subscribing, purchasing or downloading any goods, materials or content from the website, you agree to follow and be bound by the following terms and conditions (the “terms & conditions”) and any other terms and conditions embodied in any other agreements you enter into with us. if you do not agree with the terms & conditions, you may not use the website. notice of arbitration agreement and class action waiver: this agreement includes a binding arbitration clause and a class action waiver, set forth below, which affect your rights about resolving any dispute with the company. please read it carefully. the terms & conditions together with the privacy policy explain how we operate the website, the ways that you are permitted to use the website, tools available at the website, and any support services (including online and mobile access to our software) available through use of the website (collectively referred to hereafter as the “service”). general these terms & conditions apply to all transactions made on or through this website. this agreement is governed by the electronic signatures in global and national commerce act. you manifest your agreement to the terms and conditions in this agreement by any act demonstrating your assent thereto, including clicking any button containing the words “i agree” or similar syntax, by accessing the website, or purchasing any goods through the website, whether you have read these terms or not. it is suggested that you print this agreement for your personal records. privacy any information (including personally identifiable information and payment account information) you submit to our site is governed by the privacy policy. the privacy policy encompasses any and all information you may provide to our site either for purposes of creating an account, submitting an order or inquiry or to receive further information, updates and promotions about or related to the website or service. changes to the terms & conditions we reserve the right to change the terms & conditions at any time by posting an updated version to this web page to reflect those changes. changes to the terms & conditions may arise for a variety of reasons, including without limitation, changes in market conditions affecting our business, technology or our business model, relevant laws and regulatory requirements, and our systems. you agree to periodically review the terms & conditions from time to time to take notice of any changes we make, as they are binding on you. continued access or use of our site shall be deemed conclusive evidence of your acceptance of any modified terms or conditions. accessing and using the website/service limited license to use the website/service and related restrictions subject to and conditional upon your compliance with the terms & conditions and other agreements between you and hollar (including any payment terms), hollar hereby grants to you a limited, reversible, non-exclusive, personal, non-sublicensable, non-transferable, non-assignable license to use certain software applications and platforms accessible through the website/service (collectively, “hollar software”). hollar reserves all other rights in hollar software not expressly granted to you in the terms. you may not use hollar software in any manner that could: (i) damage, disable, overburden, or impair the software application or platform (or any server or networks connected thereto), or (ii) interfere with any third party's use and/or enjoyment of the software application or platform (or any server or networks connected thereto). except as expressly specified in the terms & conditions, you may not: (a) copy or modify the hollar software; (b) transfer, sublicense, lease, lend, rent or otherwise distribute hollar software to any third party; or (c) use the hollar software in any unlawful manner, for any unlawful purpose, or in any manner inconsistent with the terms & conditions. you acknowledge and agree that portions of the hollar software, including, without limitation, the source code and the specific design and structure of individual modules or programs, constitute or contain trade secrets of hollar and its licensors. accordingly, you agree not to disassemble, decompile or otherwise reverse engineer any components of the hollar software provided in object code or any other hollar products or services, in whole or in part, or permit or authorize a third party to do so, except to the extent such activities are expressly permitted by law notwithstanding this prohibition. mobile application license subject to your compliance with these terms & conditions, hollar grants you a limited non-exclusive, non-transferable license to use the hollar mobile application and to access the hollar website via a single mobile device or computer that you own or control and to run such copy of hollar mobile application solely for your own personal use. you shall not (i) license, sublicense, sell, resell, transfer, assign, distribute or otherwise commercially exploit or make available to any third party the hollar mobile application in any way; (ii) modify or make derivative works based upon the website or hollar mobile application; (iii) create internet “links” to the website or “frame” or “mirror” the hollar mobile application on any other server or wireless or internet-based device; (iv) reverse engineer or access the hollar mobile application in order to (a) design or build a competitive product or service, (b) design or build a product using similar ideas, features, functions or graphics of the website or hollar mobile application, or (c) copy any ideas, features, functions or graphics of the website or hollar mobile application, or (v) launch an automated program or script, including, but not limited to, web spiders, web crawlers, web robots, web ants, web indexers, bots, viruses or worms, or any program which may make multiple server requests per second, or unduly burdens or hinders the operation and/or performance of the website or hollar mobile application. app store sourced application with respect to any application accessed through or downloaded from the apple app store (“app store sourced application”), you agree that you will use the app store sourced application only: (i) on an apple-branded product that runs ios (apple’s proprietary operating system software) ; and (ii) as permitted by the “usage rules” set forth in the apple app store terms of service. hollar reserves all rights in and to the application not expressly granted to you under these terms & conditions. you acknowledge and agree that (i) these terms & conditions are valid between you and hollar only, and not apple, and (ii) hollar, not apple, is solely responsible for the app store sourced application and content thereof. your use of the app store sourced application must comply with the app store terms of service. you acknowledge that apple has no obligation whatsoever to furnish any maintenance and support services with respect to the app store sourced application. in the event of any failure of the app store sourced application to conform to any applicable warranty, you may notify apple, and apple will, where applicable, refund the purchase price for the app store sourced application to you and to the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, apple will have no other warranty obligation whatsoever with respect to the app store sourced application. as between hollar and apple, any other claims, losses, liabilities, damages, costs or expenses attributable to any failure to conform to any warranty will be the sole responsibility of hollar. you acknowledge that, as between hollar and apple, apple is not responsible for addressing any claims you have or any claims of any third party relating to the app store sourced application or your possession and use of the app store sourced application, including, but not limited to: (i) product liability claims; (ii) any claim that the app store sourced application fails to conform to any applicable legal or regulatory requirement; and (iii) claims arising under consumer protection or similar legislation. you acknowledge that, in the event of any third party claim that the app store sourced application or your possession and use of that app store sourced application infringes that third party’s intellectual property rights, as between hollar and apple, hollar, not apple, will be solely responsible for the investigation, defense, settlement and discharge of any such intellectual property infringement claim to the extent required by this agreement. you acknowledge and agree that apple, and apple’s subsidiaries, are third party beneficiaries relating to your license of the app store sourced application, and that, upon your acceptance of these terms & conditions, apple will have the right (and will be deemed to have accepted the right) to enforce the rights under these terms & conditions as related to your license of the app store sourced application against you as a third party beneficiary thereof. without limiting any other provisions of these terms & conditions, you must comply with all applicable third party terms of agreement when using the app store sourced application. customer account access in order to utilize certain services offered by the website, you may need to create a customer account. you agree to (a) create only one account; (b) provide accurate, truthful, current and complete information when creating your account; (c) maintain and promptly update your account information; (d) maintain the security of your account by not sharing your username or password with others and restricting access to your account and your computer; (e) promptly notify us if you discover or otherwise suspect any security breaches relating to the website or your account; and (f) take responsibility for all activities that occur under your account and accept all risks of unauthorized access. by creating a customer account, you consent to receive electronic communications from hollar either in the form of email sent to you at the email address listed on your account or by communications posted on the website. you acknowledge and agree that any electronic communication in the form of such email or posting on the website shall satisfy any legal requirement that such communication be in writing. terms of sale all product sales from the website are governed by any terms of sale that may be posted on the website. prices and offers are subject to change. you should refer to our terms of sale to learn more about our return policy, and shipping terms located at faqs. by ordering and/or accepting delivery of the products, you agree to be bound by these terms of sale. the terms of sale are subject to change without prior notice at any time, in hollar’s sole discretion, so you should review the terms of sale each time you make a purchase. additional information may be found in our online shopping sections of the website. we accept the following bank or credit cards: visa, mastercard, american express and discover. for your convenience, we will save your bank or credit card information. you may be charged local tax, if applicable. if your payment method is declined, we will attempt to process your charge until the transaction is approved. if we are unable to complete the transaction, client services may contact you directly to update your account information. we are not responsible for any fees or charges that your bank or credit card issuer may apply. if your bank or credit card issuer reverses a charge to your credit card, we may bill your account directly and seek payment by another method including a mailed statement. the risk of loss and title for items purchased by you passes to you upon our delivery of the items to the carrier. sales tax policy in connection with the sales of goods, the website collects and remits sales tax as required by applicable law. colors we have made every effort to display as accurately as possible the colors of our products that appear at the website. we cannot guarantee that your computer monitor's display of any color will be accurate. information at the website we attempt to ensure that information on the website is complete, accurate and current. despite our efforts, certain information on the website may be inaccurate, incomplete or out of date. we make no representation as to the completeness, accuracy or currentness of any information on our site. we reserve the right to amend the website/service without warning. unless otherwise agreed to by us in writing, all features, content, specifications, products, services, and, as applicable, prices of products and services described or depicted on the website are subject to change at any time without notice. "price comparison" the comparative reference price shows the actual price offered for the same product at another online retailer which has been checked within the past 48 hours. low price guarantee if you find a product advertised for less on a competitor website that is identical to the one offered on hollar.com, we will match it. competitor product must be labeled for individual sale and an exact match with the product offered on hollar.com using universal product code (upc) or manufacturer part number (mpn). competitor products must be in-stock and available to ship nationwide at the time of claim verification. competitor prices must be the “regular price”—excludes sale, clearance, refurb, open box, or other promotional pricing. flash sale, group buying, marketplaces, auction, or liquidation sites also excluded. competitor prices must be from a major online retailer and is subject to hollar discretion. eligible retailers include: acmoore.com, amazon.com, athome.com, benfranklinonline.com, cvs.com, dollargeneral.com, familydollar.com, hobbylobby.com, homedepot.com, joann.com, kmart.com, kohls.com, lowes.com, michaels.com, officedepot.com, partycity.com, riteaid.com, staples.com, target.com, walmart.com, and walgreens.com. competitor prices will be matched for thirty (30) calendar days after date of purchase. one awarded price match claim per product, per customer. five (5) unit maximum awarded per claim. price match claims must be submitted for verification by contacting hollar customer service with the url of the competitor product and the hollar product being matched. price match award amounts will be calculated as the difference between the hollar price at time of checkout and the competitor price at the time of verification. the awarded amount will be refunded to the original payment method. if store credit was used for partial payment, it will be refunded before other forms of payment. security by creating an account with us, you acknowledge and agree that you are solely responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your account information (including without limitation, username and password). you must treat your username and password, and any other security details, as confidential, and not disclose it to any other person. you must also prevent unauthorized access to your account. in addition, you must: (a) log off from your account at the end of each session on our site and (b) notify us immediately of any unauthorized use of your username and password or any other breach of security. you agree to accept responsibility for all activities that occur under your account. restrictions on and termination of use of the website/service we have the right to suspend or close any account with us and block your use of our site if you have failed to comply with any part of the terms & conditions (as determined by us in our sole discretion). you understand that your account is individual to you and/or your organization, and we may suspend or close your account if you attempt to transfer or use your account to/for another person or organization. you are responsible for ensuring that any and all persons you authorize to use your account with us are aware of the terms & conditions, and that they fully comply with them. we reserve the right to refuse to provide access to the website or to provide the service, to any person or organization for any reason. it is your obligation to comply with all applicable state, federal and international laws. in consideration of being allowed to use our site, you agree that the following actions shall constitute a material breach of these terms & conditions: collecting information about our site, users of our site or our services without our written consent; modifying, framing, rendering (or re-rendering), mirroring, truncating, injecting, filtering or changing any content or information contained in our site, without our written consent. using any deep-link, page-scrape, robot, crawl, index, spider, click spam, macro programs, internet agent, or other automatic device, program, algorithm or methodology which does the same things, to use, access, copy, acquire information, generate impressions or clicks, input information, store information, search, generate searches, or monitor our site or any portion thereof; accessing or using our site for competitive purposes; disguising the origin of information transmitted to, from, or through the website; impersonating another person or representative of an organization; distributing viruses or other harmful computer code; allowing any other person or entity to impersonate you to access or use our site; using our site or our services for any purpose in violation of local, state, national, international laws or regulations; using our site or our services in a way that is intended to harm, or a reasonable person would understand would likely result in harm, to the user or others; and circumventing any measures implemented by us aimed at preventing violations of the terms & conditions. minors may not use the website/service you must be at least 18 years old and can form legally binding contracts under applicable laws in your jurisdiction, to use the website or service. we do not accept users who are under the age of 18 or the age of majority in his/her relevant jurisdiction. by using the website or service or submitting any inquiries, orders or information to us, you represent and affirm that you are at least 18 years old or the age of majority in your jurisdiction. inviting friends and earning referral credit when you invite a friend to register for an account at hollar.com, you and your friend will both receive a $2 referral credit for each friend who makes a qualified first purchase. your friend must be a new member of hollar (this offer excludes returning or existing members) and live in a different household you will only receive a referral credit for your friend's first qualified purchase if the purchase was a result of an invite from you via an authorized referral method. if your friend does not click on the personal referral link in their invite email or other invite mechanism to accept your invitation, you may not receive a referral credit and we will have no liability to you because there is no discernible way to identify that the purchase resulted from your referral. a qualified purchase is considered a member’s first hollar purchase. you may earn a maximum $50 in referral credits per calendar year. you can track your referral credits by visiting the refer-a-friend section in my account. if two people refer the same friend, the friend who sent the link that is used to create the new member's account will be considered the referring friend, regardless of which link was sent to the new member first. there is a limit of one referral credit per new email address that is registered on hollar.com. you may not use spam or send unsolicited emails to people you don't personally know to collect referral credits and you may not collect referral credits by posting on message boards or other online venues in violation of such venues' terms of use. see the privacy policy for how information is stored. spending referral credit referral credits are valid for 3 months from issuance. your referral credits are automatically applied to your purchases at checkout in the order in which they expire (i.e., first to expire will be applied first). you can check the amount of referral credits you have earned and their associated expiration dates at any time by visiting the refer-a-friend section in my account. prohibitions and cancellation referral credits are issued to a single hollar.com account holder at our discretion and cannot be transferred between accounts or between users. credits cannot be bartered, exchanged, or sold. referral credits are a promotional offer and are not a payment instruments. referral credits are issued without any exchange of money or value from you and you have no vested property right or interest in them. referral credits have no cash value by themselves; they are only deemed to have a notional cash value of $2 if they are used in connection with an eligible purchase on our site. we reserve the right to limit or cancel your referral credits in our sole discretion if we determine that you have violated these terms of service, including through fraudulent or misleading referral activity (for example, by inviting fake people to join hollar, using false names, using multiple email accounts or email addresses, impersonating another person or otherwise providing false or misleading information to us) or if we terminate your account for any reason. you may also be liable for civil and/or criminal penalties under applicable law. changes to referral credit terms we reserve the right in our sole discretion at any time and without prior notice to you, to add to, remove or otherwise change the terms applicable to the issuance and use of referral credits. such changes may include, without limitation, how you may earn and spend referral credits, how long referral credits last, minimum purchase amounts with which referral credits may be used and the lifetime maximum amount of referral credits that you may earn. links to other websites the website may contain links to other websites which may be of interest to you. we are providing these links to you only as a convenience, and the inclusion of any link does not imply endorsement by us of the linked website and/or the content and materials found at the linked website, except as specifically stated otherwise by us. it is your responsibility to take precautions to ensure that whatever you select for your use is free of viruses or other items of an intrusive nature. we do not accept responsibility for those sites. accessing any such links from our site to gain access to other websites is at your own risk. intellectual property rights except where expressly stated otherwise, hollar or its licensors, including without limitation, hollar inc., is the owner or the licensee of all intellectual property rights located on the website, in the materials published or otherwise made available on the website and through the service. those works, marks or inventions are protected by copyright, patent and trademark laws and treaties around the world and may not be modified, copied, printed, reproduced, distributed, republished, performed, downloaded, displayed, posted, transmitted and/or otherwise used in any form or by any means, including but not limited to electronic, mechanical, photocopying, recording, or other means, unless expressly permitted by us. except where expressly provided otherwise by us, nothing on our site may be construed to confer any license or ownership right in or materials published or otherwise made available through our site or our services, whether by estoppel, implication, or otherwise. all rights not granted to you in these terms are reserved. copyright and trademark infringement notice: hollar respects the intellectual property rights of others. all users of the website represent and warrant they shall comply with all applicable copyright and trademark laws. in the event we receive proper notification of claimed copyright or trademark infringement, the response to such notice may include removing or disabling access to material claimed to be the subject of infringing activity and possibly terminating your account and/or the right to use our website and services. if you believe any material on our site constitutes an infringement of a copyright or trademark you own, you may file a notice of infringement to the contact identified below. a user who materially misrepresents that material is infringing will be liable for the costs incurred by us and our associated persons, including attorney fees. accordingly, if you are uncertain whether you are or you represent the proper copyright holder or trademark holder, or if copyright and trademark laws protect the subject materials, you are strongly advised to consult a qualified attorney at your own expense. we rely on a network of independent affiliates, subsidiaries, agents, third-party product providers, third-party content providers, vendors, suppliers, designers, contractors, distributors, merchants, sponsors, licensors and the like (collectively, “associates”) who supply some of the goods advertised on the website. in accordance with the digital millennium copyright act, we are not liable for any infringement of copyrights, trademarks, trade dress or other proprietary or intellectual property rights arising out of content posted on or transmitted through the website, or items advertised on the website, by our associates. if you believe that your rights under intellectual property laws are being violated by any content posted on or transmitted through the website, or items advertised on the website, please contact us promptly so that we may investigate the situation and, if appropriate, block or remove the offending content and/or advertisements. it is our policy to disable access to infringing materials, and to terminate access of repeat infringers to the website. in order for us to investigate any claim of copyright or trademark infringement, you must provide us with the following information, transmitted by email or regular mail, setting forth the following: (i) a physical or electronic signature of the copyright or trademark owner or a person authorized to act on their behalf; (ii) detailed identification of the copyrighted work or trademark claimed to have been infringed; (iii) identification of the material that is claimed to be infringing or to be the subject of infringing activity and that is to be removed or access to which is to be disabled, and information reasonably sufficient to permit us to locate the material; (iv) your contact information, including your address, telephone number, and an email address; (v) a statement by you that you have a good faith belief that use of the material in the manner complained of is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law; and (vi) a statement that the information in the notification is accurate, and, under penalty of perjury, that you are authorized to act on behalf of the copyright owner. copyright or trademark infringement notifications should be addressed as follows: email: copyright@hollar.com mail: hollar inc. attention: notice of intellectual property infringement 145 s. spring st los angeles, ca 90012 no agency relationship except where provided for in a separate agreement with hollar, no agency, partnership, joint venture, employer-employee or franchiser-franchisee relationship is intended or created by the terms & conditions. without limiting the foregoing, except as expressly set forth herein, hollar is not acting and does not act as an agent for any user or visitor of the website or service. disclaimer except where expressly provided otherwise by us, the website and service are provided "as is," and are for use solely as contracted herein. except for the express warranties set forth therein, we hereby disclaim all express or implied representations, warranties, guaranties, and conditions with regard to the website and service, including but not limited to any implied representations, warranties, guaranties, and conditions of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, title and non-infringement, and quality of products and services offered through the website except to the extent that such disclaimers are held to be legally invalid. we make no representations, guaranties or warranties regarding the reliability, availability, timeliness, quality, suitability, truth, accuracy or completeness of the website or service and/or materials associated with or goods offered via the website or service, or the results you may obtain by accessing or using the website, service and/or materials associated therewith. without limiting the generality of the foregoing, we do not represent or warrant that (a) the operation or use of the website or service will be timely, secure, uninterrupted or error-free; (b) the quality of goods, services, information, or other materials you purchase or obtain through the website will meet your requirements; or (c) the products, services, materials, or the systems that make the website or service available are free of viruses or other harmful components. you acknowledge that we do not control the transfer of data over communications facilities, including the internet, and that the website, service and/or materials associated therewith may be subject to limitations, delays, and other problems inherent in the use of such communications facilities. we are not responsible for any delays, delivery failures, or other damage resulting from such problems. limitation of liability to the extent allowed by law, in no event shall the aggregate liability of hollar, or any of its officers, directors, shareholders, employees, agents, licensors, and suppliers, exceed $500.00. in no event shall hollar or the third party providers, including hollar inc. and its officers, directors, employees and agents, be liable to anyone for any indirect, punitive, special, exemplary, incidental, or consequential damages, or for any damages to your computer, telecommunication equipment, or other property and/or for loss of data, content, images, revenue, profits, use or other economic advantage, arising out of, or in any way connected with these terms & conditions, including but not limited to the accessing or use of, or inability to use, the website and the service therewith including but not limited to the downloading of any materials, regardless of cause, whether in an action in contract or negligence or other tortious action, even if the party from which damages are being sought or the third party provider have been previously advised of the possibility of such damages. the limitation of liability set forth in this section shall not apply in the event of customer's breach, or related to its indemnity obligations. this paragraph shall not affect the rights listed below in the section titled “indemnification. ” indemnification you agree to indemnify, defend and hold harmless hollar inc., its officers, directors, shareholders, employees, agents, licensors, and suppliers from and against all losses, expenses, damages and costs, including, but not limited to all attorneys’ fees charged to hollar inc. or its affiliated person/entities, resulting from any violation of the terms & conditions by you or any other person accessing the website or service on your behalf. conflicts shall a conflict or contradiction exist between these terms & conditions and any others which relate specifically to a particular section of the website, the specific terms relevant to that section shall prevail. severability any provision of the terms & conditions found to be unenforceable will not void nor effect other provisions of this agreement. resolution of disputes – mandatory arbitration and class action waiver we offer the following process to help you resolve a complaint or dispute (as defined below) that you may have with hollar, any goods sold via the website, or use of this website. please read this section carefully. our customer service department, which you can reach at support@hollar.com, can help you resolve most of your concerns. if our customer service department is unable to resolve your complaint or dispute, you agree to take the following steps to resolve any dispute you may have with us. step 1. notice of dispute you must first try to resolve any complaint or dispute with us through our notice of dispute process. you begin by submitting a “notice of dispute” with any supporting documents or other information by u. s. mail to: hollar inc. attention: notice of dispute 145 s. spring st los angeles, ca 90012 a “notice of dispute” is a written form in which you provide your name, address, contact information, email address, the facts regarding your dispute, and the relief you are requesting from us. once we receive your notice of dispute, you and we will attempt to resolve any dispute through informal negotiation within forty-five (45) days from the date the notice of dispute is received by us. if an agreement cannot be reached within forty-five (45) days of receipt of the notice of dispute, you or we may initiate an arbitration proceeding or small claims action as described below. you agree that the term “dispute” in this agreement will have the broadest meaning possible. it applies to any dispute, action, or other controversy between you and us relating to the website, any goods offered or purchased from us, any transaction or relationship between us resulting from your use of the website or purchase of any goods from us, communications between us, the purchase/order/use of goods from the website, or this agreement – whether in contract, warranty, tort, laws or regulation. the term also applies to any dispute over the validity, enforceability, or scope of this arbitration provision. step 2: arbitration if your dispute is not resolved to your satisfaction within 45 days from when we received your notice of dispute, you and we agree to arbitrate all disputes between us. as we explain below, you and we also may also have the right to bring an individual action before a small claims court for certain claims. you agree that arbitration or a small claims action will be your sole and exclusive remedy to resolve any dispute with us. the federal arbitration act applies to this agreement. by agreeing to arbitrate, you are giving up the right to litigate (or participate in as a party or class member) any and all disputes in a court before a judge or jury (except small claims court). instead, a neutral arbitrator will resolve all disputes. to read more about arbitration, visit www.adr.org. the american arbitration association (“aaa”) will conduct any arbitration under its consumer arbitration rules in effect at that time. you can review the consumer arbitration rules here. you may begin an arbitration with us by completing a demand for arbitration form, available by clicking here. the completed form(s) should be returned directly to the aaa. the aaa will assign someone to manage your case. you will be contacted with instructions for continuing the arbitration process. be sure to keep a copy of everything you send to the administrator of your arbitration or us. if, for any reason, the aaa is unavailable, the parties shall mutually select another arbitration forum which will be governed by the aaa consumer arbitration rules. the aaa rules will determine whether the arbitration will take place through written submissions by you and us, by telephone, or in person. class action waiver any proceedings to resolve or litigate any dispute in any forum will be conducted solely on an individual basis. class arbitrations, class actions, private attorney general actions, consolidation of your dispute with other arbitrations, or any other proceeding in which either party acts or proposes to act in a representative capacity or as a private attorney general are not permitted and are waived by you, and an arbitrator will have no jurisdiction to hear such claims. if a court or arbitrator finds that the class action waiver in this section is unenforceable as to all or some parts of a dispute, then the class action waiver will not apply to those parts. instead, those parts will be severed and proceed in a court of law, with the remaining parts proceeding in arbitration. if any other provision of this dispute resolution section is found to be illegal or unenforceable, that provision will be severed with the remainder of this section remaining in full force and effect. costs if you initiate an arbitration with the aaa, we will promptly reimburse you for any standard filing fee you may have been required to pay by the aaa, once you have notified us in writing and provided a copy of the arbitration demand. however, if we are the prevailing party in the arbitration, we will be entitled to seek and recover our attorneys’ fees and costs, subject to the arbitrator’s determination and applicable law. small claims option you may also litigate any dispute in small claims court in the county of los angeles, california, if the dispute meets all requirements to be heard in the small claims court. you can learn more about the small claims court in the county of los angeles by clicking here. however, if you initiate a small claims case, you are responsible for all your court costs. choice of law and forum selection you agree that the laws of the state of california govern this agreement and any claim or dispute or issues arising from it, without regard to california’s conflict of laws rules. unless you and we agree otherwise, in the event that the agreement to arbitrate above is found not to apply to you or to a particular claim or dispute as a result of a decision by the arbitrator or a court order, you agree that any disputes or claims that you may have against us reside in and will be resolved by a state or federal court located in los angeles county in the state of california and you agree and submit to the exercise of personal jurisdiction of such courts for the purpose of litigating any such claim or action. notice for users in california this notice is for users of the website residing in the state of california. please be advised that the complaint assistance unit of the division of consumer services of the california department of consumer affairs may be reached by mail at 1625 north market blvd., sacramento, ca 95834 or by telephone at (800) 952-5210. miscellaneous the terms & conditions (together with the privacy policy) represent the parties' entire understanding relating to the use of the website and supersedes any prior or contemporaneous, conflicting or additional, communications. we reserve the right to change these terms & conditions or policies relating to the website at any time and from time to time, and such changes will be effective upon being posted herein. you should visit this page from time to time to review the then current terms & conditions because they are binding on you. certain provisions of these terms & conditions may be superseded by expressly designated legal notices or terms located on particular pages of the website, which may be posted from time to time. your continued use of the website after any such changes and/or postings shall constitute your consent to such changes. if any provision of these terms & conditions is held by a court of competent jurisdiction to be invalid or unenforceable, then such provision(s) shall be construed to reflect the intentions of the invalid or unenforceable provision(s), with all other provisions remaining in full force and effect. you may not assign these terms & conditions without the prior written approval of hollar. any purported assignment in violation of this section shall be void. hollar reserves the right to use third party providers in the provision of the website and service. in the event of any litigation of any controversy or dispute arising out of or in connection with these terms & conditions, its interpretation, its performance, or the like, the prevailing party shall be awarded reasonable attorneys' fees and expenses, court costs, and reasonable costs for expert and other witnesses attributable to the prosecution or defense of that controversy or dispute. any and all rights not expressly granted herein are reserved by hollar contact us please feel free to contact us with any comments, questions or suggestions you might have regarding the website. you may contact us at: support@hollar.com. terms & conditions last modified on june 8, 2018. california transparency in supply chains acthollar.com is owned by five below, inc. the california transparency in supply chains act notice below is therefore applicable to users of hollar.com. five below, inc. and five below merchandising inc. support the goals of the california transparency in supply chains act of 2010 and strive to be examples of good human rights and labor practices throughout our business activities. our partners around the globe make it possible for us to develop and create trend right, wow product for our customers. as we do not own our manufacturing facilities, we take care in the selection of our vendors, and our process intends to screen out any that don't share our values. human rights in our business activities our business practices have been governed by integrity, honesty, fair dealing and full compliance with all applicable laws. international labor organization research shows that there are at least 20million victims of forced labour across different industries worldwide and that women and children are particularly vulnerable. this disclosure for the california transparency in supply chains act (sb-657) outlines the steps we’re taking to prevent human trafficking and modern day slavery in our supply chain, ensuring our vendors meet internationally recognized standards and our vendor requirements. although the issue is not new, legislation in california has provided the opportunity for an industry-wide conversation about the steps brands are taking to eliminate human rights violations in their supply chains. we are committed to upholding ethical sourcing practices globally, to protect the lives, freedom and well-being of all individuals who take part in manufacturing our products. our vendor requirements outline zero tolerance policies, including forced and bonded labour. we require that all work must be completed on a voluntary and legal basis. this means that employees must be free to move and/or resign from their role, be free to leave at the end of their shift or under extenuating circumstances, and employers must not engage in illegal practices that restrict their employees’ freedom of movement. verification we work with industry organizations, stakeholder groups and other brands to evaluate and address risks of human trafficking and slavery. compliance with our vendor requirements is a pre-condition to start and maintain a business relationship with us. all manufacturing partners are required to uphold our vendor requirements. facility audits are done by our third party auditing partners. supplier audits to ensure that our vendors uphold our requirements, we have the right to conduct announced and unannounced audits, as well as follow-up visits and verification. visits and audits are an opportunity for us to strengthen our relationship, enhance transparency, and work together on preventive actions. during an audit and any follow up visit, auditors meet with management; tour the site, review documents and interview employees. supplier certification our vendor requirements apply to every vendor partnership that we form, and vendors must sign a certificate of compliance before beginning a relationship with us. in our vendor requirements, we also have a zero tolerance policy toward unapproved subcontractors, facilities and homework, and vendors who are not open, transparent and cooperative; this allows us to know who is producing our product, and how it’s being produced. all of our manufacturing partners must abide by the laws of the country in which they are doing business. internal accountability if forced or bonded labour are found during a facility audit, we will not conduct business with the vendor and we require that they correct the problem immediately. if one of our existing vendors were found to be complicit in any form of forced or bonded labour, we would require the vendor to address and correct the problem immediately, and we would launch an investigation into the issue. our approach to manufacturing is to establish and maintain long-term partners that share our values and, where applicable, help develop preventive action plans to address and correct issues that arise. in extreme cases of systemic non-compliance or violation of our zero tolerance policies, we reserve the right terminate the business partnership. training we work to protect the integrity of our supply chain by educating our vendors, auditors, and our internal teams about human trafficking and slavery. we engage with industry organizations and other brands to stay abreast of the latest developments, issues and regulations. we welcome your feedback on our disclosure and our efforts to prevent human trafficking and slavery; please email us at customer.relations@fivebelow.com. my account faqs about us contact us terms of service privacy policy live chat live chat want great deals and exclusive offers? download the app get social download my account faqs contact us terms of service privacy policy copyright © 2020, hollar inc. all rights reserved