来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20101231085716/http://www.alice.com/news
================================================================================

news - alice.com email password forgot password? news featured on see more latest fast company alice.com: trust and privacy in the age of social networking - fast company mom advice - the motherload a real mom’s review of alice.com: drugstore shopping simplified - mom advice - the motherload ketv good housekeeping names preferable shopping sites - ketv the early show try personal services - on a budget - the early show homesteading on the internet thinking about shopping at alice.com? - homesteading on the internet how to save money when buying in bulk - reader's digest alice.com and ohl partner to deliver cpg goods direct to consumer - supply chain brain alice.com: online marketplace for household products - e-junkie.info former target.com prez joins alice.com board of directors - progressive grocer former target executive joins alice.com board - milwaukee journal sentinel alice and buy strike a .com deal - milwaukee journal sentinel buy.com launches a ‘households essentials’ store - internet retailer shopper marketing what is alice.com? - shopper marketing is digital revolution driving decline in u.s. car culture? - adage p&g ramps up e-commerce effort with expanded e-store - adage p&g goes online to compete for sales - financial times internet retailer to spark customer reviews, alice.com brings in videos from expotv - internet retailer wi company to watch - fox news 47 common cents: alice.com - wink news cpg media buyers ready for online grocery shopping to boom - click z walmart’s asda in internet price move - financial times standout smb company 2010 - cgt (consumer goods technology) alice.com connects cpg marketers and consumers - emarketer getting web feet - internet retailer sites for the savvy online shopper - komo news e-marketplace alice.com signs up more than 150 consumer goods manufacturers - internet retailer 2 on your side - wgrz new york the new age of online grocery shopping - ars technica review of alice - associated contet business week levi, p&g, mattel tackle e-tailing - business week p&g leads foray into e-tailing - cpg matters today's thv get your home essentials without constant trips to the store - today's thv alice.com will manage without markup - npr marketplace online alice is real time-saver - journal gazette wi company to watch - wi department of commerce go direct, young man (& young mama) - aol rented spaces online retailer alice.com launches app for cpg items - mobile commerce daily adage super bowl shuffle: why marketers will shift to 'platforms' - adage adage more cpg players embrace e-commerce - adage a new routine for saving time, money and sanity in 2010 - yahoo! shine alice.com launches iphone app to shop for houseohold goods on the go - tech crunch new web sales option for household goods - wall street journal alice.com creates new internet storefront service - milwaukee journal sentinel alice.com launches e-commerce platform for cpg - consumer goods technology shop with "alice" - tmj4 - milwaukee stores cpg goes d2c - stores plug in, sign up, & click play - fox business alice.com: how to save on toilet paper and diapers without working hard - wisebread 10 fun ways to shop online - forbes today's thv a helpful shopping site - today's thv ny daily news coolest new online shopping sites, plus great holiday features at some old favorites - ny daily news save on household items, shopping trips - abc philly alice.com raises another $6 million in funding - wisconsin state journal direct-to-consumer site alice raises another $6 million - milwaukee journal sentinel alice.com adds $2 million to its second round, bringing total to $6 million - paid content alice.com sweeps in $6 million for household goods e-commerce platform - tech crunch alice.com closes $6 million in new funding, raises total investment to $10.4m for online household goods shopping site - wisconsin technology network alice.com receives $6 million in funding - internet retailer website working as personal shopper for consumers - kdka - pittsburgh interview with mark mcguire of alice.com - abc money matters home front: a few new things to make your house a little homier - redbook spirit magazine mail-order toothpaste - spirit magazine 7 ways to get your hands on creative coupons - cbs 2 - chicago can wal-mart get you to buy your shampoo online? - cnbc alice.com -deals delivered to your door - for the mommas money saving madness alice.com: competitive deals with coupons plus free shipping! - money saving madness 5 minutes for mom it's like finding a golden ticket - 5 minutes for mom web sites that do the work for you - the today show dumb little man six online shopping tools to help shop smarter - dumb little man free samples and surprises from alice.com - northern cheapskate great deals on alice.com - becentsable save $$ on your next shopping trip! - rachael ray no time to clip coupons? shop online - wbz-tv clark howard: does online grocery save you money? - wsbtv would cpg brands compete with their own channels for customers? - fast company webpronews blogs can still drive traffic - webpronews adage beyond online ads: p&g sets $4 billion e-commerce goal - adage automate shopping for essentials - examiner.com - las vegas hub pages how to save money on things you already buy - alice.com - hub pages the end of the middle man - the lost jacket your personal shopper - mamaista alice.com - did i order tp? - the full mommy alice likely to finally convince many to purchase everyday products online - compete order groceries thru alice.com - free sample freak special needs kids info 101: can alice.com help you shop with your special needs kids? - examiner.com - wichita get organized: alice prepares you for the unexpected - get organized! ohl inks deal with online retailer - nashville post no time to be frugal? alice.com can help - dealicious mom alice.com review - 5 minutes for special needs frugal, freebies and deals frugal friends meet alice - frugal, freebies and deals alice - online household shopping site - daily grommet grocery shopping our way - disaboom cool people care green your pantry - cool people care wway news channel 3 alice.com looks to save money and time - wway news channel 3 kltv texas grocery shop from home, save time and money - kltv texas shopping with alice - cnn cbs 7 - west texas alice.com helps you grocery shop from home - cbs 7 - west texas find the cheapest groceries - wspa news channel 7 household staples domain of alice.com - chicago tribune save money on household essentials - wgn radio steve and johnnie wgn-tv chicago alice.com - wgn-tv chicago alice.com review - mom central go ask alice - dailycandy net value found in loyalty - dmnews alice.com: the household shopping helper - gimundo an idea is retail as we know it over? - an idea rad on the web twittervision, alice, covet, and pixton - episode 11 - rad on the web alice.com - channel 3000 alice.com offers household products online - geek.com a site that’ll rock your world. (or at least your grocery cart.) - glamour mediacurves.com nearly one-third of viewers say they are likely to use e-commerce site alice.com, after watching video demonstration - mediacurves.com save on household items! - wpvi-tv philadelphia, pa do brand owners now have the tool to fight back against retailers? - the retail bulletin triple pundit alice.com: would you like a cause with your toilet paper? - triple pundit on the net: errand help & music lounge - wpvi-tv philadelphia, pa alice.com $100 giveaway for 5 winners! - classy mommy alice delivers a free-shipping wonderland of toilet paper, toothpaste other household staples - the consumerist site review: alice.com - e consultancy alice.com review -- save money on groceries and household goods - gather alice is here! try it for free and save $10! - hooray for freebates killer startups alice.com - home essentials at your fingertips - killer startups a visit of new site alice.com - the boston globe "alice" aims to change household shopping habits - reuters shop till your mouse drops? - nytimes.com -- media decoder blog consumer goods companies eye online sales - financial times alice.com to be open for business tuesday - wisconsin state journal never run out of loo roll again with alice.com - brandrepublic alice.com for the lazy frugal shopper: better than amazon subscriptions - jessica knows meet my new friend alice - coolmompicks.com ryan healy, brazen careerist how to automate your life + $500 giveaway! - brazencareerist.com save big and win big with alice.com - northerncheapskate.com unclutterer.com convenient dry goods delivery from alice.com - unclutterer.com alice sends you the goods - adpulp.com could alice.com be your new shopping bff? - blogher blog alice.com site to take on supermarkets - financial times alice.com review - compare rewards how to automate your twenty-something life + $500 giveaway! - employee evolution $100 giveaway, thanks to alice.com! enter now! - engineer a debt free life alice takes household shopping off your to-do list - lifehacker attention target shoppers alice.com - attention target shoppers mama loves giveaways win a $100 credit to alice.com! - mama loves giveaways momgenerations.com everyone needs an alice - momgenerations.com go ask alice: alice.com - modern media mom win $500 in groceries from alice.com & momdot! - momdot musings of a housewife go ask alice: alice.com - musings of a housewife my modern metropolis will you shop for soap and shampoo on alice.com? - my modern metropolis experimental mommy alice: review and $500 giveaway! - experimental mommy rotorblog alice helps you shop, save money - rotorblog advertising age an alice.com lure cpg players back to e-commerce? - advertising age not just another web retailer - businessweek alice.com is your housekeeper and personal shopper rolled into one - techcrunch the new online toilet paper business: alice.com - c|net alice.com launches to assure you never run out of toilet paper again - mashable matt welty alice.com - i think i’m going to love this company - matt welty doyle qualifies alice.com, two other firms for investor tax credits - wisconsin technology network the jellyfish guys are at it again, raise $4.3 million for online retail service alice.com - techcrunch what to do after selling your startup to microsoft? sell toilet paper and trash bags - mashable alice.com may be a netflix for your household supplies - venturebeat alice.com will take on wal-mart - wisconsin state journal start-up alice.com raises $4.3 million for retail project - milwaukee journal-sentinel what startup folks can learn from alice's founders - techpluto alice.com hopes to sell household goods online - bob angus: the ecommerce evangelist blog why alice.com raised more angel money and opted against vc round - deal.com alice.com raises 4.3m in series a - startupmeme alice.com raises first round - pehub jellyfish.com founders working on fourth company - 77 square video alice.com in action testimonial liz testimonial amber what our customers are saying see more "as a busy mom of 5 kids, this is going to change my life! yippee!! thanks so much for giving us all a more efficient shopping method! " teresa tulsa, ok "thank you, thank you, for an enjoyable transaction. my husband and i are so impressed with the way everything was handled, and the arrival of my order that came clear across the country is something your company can give yourself a huge hi-5 for because the packaging itself was fantastic! again, thanks andi definitely will be a returning customer." mollie lakeview, or "i came across your website on my lunch break while surfing the internet earlier this week. i thought it looked promising so i decided to place an order for the items i had on my shopping list already. i placed this order wednesday, and have confirmed its’ delivery already this morning. the few items i would have had to stop and get at wal-mart this evening are already at my home waiting for me. your company just saved me an hour this evening by not having to stop to pick these up. i’m going to tell all my co-workers about your company to see who else would like to be able to save an hour or two each week." jennifer north salem, in "just wanted to let you all know that my first order arrived yesterday and everything is marvelous!!! and i love the blue and black boxes. i live 30 miles from the nearest commercial center, and am on oxygen 24/7/365, so shopping trips can be rather difficult for me. alice is extremely convenient for delivery of necessary products.thanks a bunch!!!!! " georgia yucca, az "dear alice, thanks so much for your service. i had a baby 2 months ago, and it's really difficult to get to target or any store to stock up on household items and baby supplies. the order reminders are great for my sleep-deprived brain, too. alice has truly made my life so much easier and reduced my stress. love your service! the free shipping is what clinched the deal for me. " lisa los angeles, ca "i just received my first alice order and am soooo happy. i didn't have to wander around some store, search and hopefully find all my items and then stand in line to check out. earlier i called customer service to gush my thanks by phone. but, no, that just isn't enough. i must e-mail you to gush some more. enough gushing! thanks so much. " kathleen huntley, il "i placed my order not expecting much. your prices were good on most items, lower on a few, and high on only one or two. however, when i received your package (and the free shipping was a huge deciding factor) and opened it, i was more than pleasantly surprised to find my package packaged better than anything i have ever received. i don't know how you guys did that, but everything was balanced, not crushed, items that could have leaked were bagged per room just about, and it was all so neat. i don't want to call the insides of my recycled box cute, but it was. i will continue to order form you guys based on the appearance of my package the free shipping and the prices you offer. " eileen marietta, ga "after receiving my first order from alice, i took the order sheet to my local grocery store to compare prices. there were some articles i saved on and some i didn't save on, but overall, the prices on alice beat the grocery store prices by several dollars. plus, i didn't have to load the items in my car, out of the car and into the house. my alice box was delivered to my doorstop and all i had to do was open the box and unload! thanks, alice. i am now a regular customer." janelle "my @alice order shipped today. the whole process seems pretty cool and might help me avoid random daily trips to walmart. " @shelleykeith "ordering from alice.com. love this concept, shopping from home & online coupons. time saved=words added to a book." @jenniferblake01 "got my order fr @alice today. going to bed secure in the knowledge that we're set w/shampoo/soap/crest & tp. talk abt resting in peace!" @friedokra "has now ordered twice from http://alice.com/ and is very happy with the prices and service (way cheaper than nyc for non-perishables)" @lorettarae "very happy with the delivery and products. now thats what i call easy on the back to school momma!!!" @deanna64 "got my first box from alice today. i don't think i've ever been this excited to receive shampoo, toothpaste, and deodorant." @rbandrews "new favorite way to avoid big grocery shopping trips (besides starving myself): www.alice.com. so convenient! got my 1st package yesterday" @carbirwin "set up my account with @alice and am getting my first order today. i think i could get used to this kind of pampering ;o)" @amium3 "placed 2nd order w/ @alice, once again saved ~15% on household necessities, thanks to coupons and overall better pricing. very pleased." @srgruber "alice.com love it for the budgeting and product planning tabs. great idea. saves a lot of time and money." @jeronathon "just got my @alice order. so excited about the quick and free delivery, not to mention the great prices. thanks @alice. :) " @cherylferg "@alice came today so quickly! love their packaging - prevents any spills! and they are earth friendly! i'm in love with this service!" @jmet7980 "@alice i am in love with @alice, my first order was delivered today in perfect condition, exceeded my expectations. been raving to everyone" @kathy2324 "just placed our first @alice order. rock bottom prices, free ups in 4-5 days, no minimum, & no schlepping of 100 oz. dreft & clorox." @wendyrama "i was blown away by alice.com. their site design is perfect and very easy to navigate. it's ingenious, it really is. and really, doing my shopping with a few mouse clicks, beats emergency trips to the grocery store, hands down. " 5 minutes for mom "in just 2 short days, my products were at my doorstep. i didn't have to pack up the kids, clip coupons, leave the house, lug heavy bags or stand in long check-out lines. i highly recommend using alice, the netflix of groceries! " experimental mommy "a helpful category system allows you to track all your household products instead of purchasing them on impulse, which i'm terribly guilty of -- think kind of like netflix for trash bags and toothpaste. the prices are great, the coupons are automatic, and the shipping is free. " cool mom picks "with my 4 sons… it's not so easy to just pop them all in the car and head out and grab my absolute essentials. this is why i'm quickly falling in love with alice.com. " mom generations "i can get all the benefits of couponing without flipping through a single circular or mailing. " jessica knows "everyone's looking for ways to squeeze more time into the day. alice aims to give you an hour or two back by automating household shopping. " lifehacker "i've compared prices to amazon, and the deals at alice.com are much better." diapers for three "i love this site! i have my orders fast and there are tons of deals!" antoinette garry milwaukee, wi "this website is better than sliced bread. we live in the country and are always running out of toilet paper and kleenex before it's time to go back to the store so this website was a real blessing! i am also a caregiver for my husband who has had a stroke and leg amputation so this gives me peace of mind knowing i don't have to leave him alone while i pick up these items. thanks so much for being there to help." dianne burlington, north caroline alice twitter go to our twitter page facebook media & general inquires media/general inquiries rebecca thorman alice.com media relations 608-662-1796 press@alice.com support live chat chat live now toll-free phone 1-877-yoalice e-mail support@alice.com blogs alice community blog alice company blog digital cpg blog about alice about us contact us jobs press releases news faqs social/blogs alice community blog alice company blog digital cpg founders' blog follow us on twitter facebook fan page manufacturer links e-commerce platform wonderland advertising suite supplier account center more information sell products on alice partner with alice terms of use privacy policy © 2009 - 2010, alice.com, inc. m-f 7am-7pm cst. 1.877.962.5423 chat live now support@alice.com want to improve the reminder for this product? my current reminder my actual usage alice recommends every 2 weeks every 3 weeks every 4 weeks every 5 weeks every 6 weeks every 2 months every 3 months every 4 months every 5 months every 6 months i don't know