来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20111231214435/http://alice.com/jobs
================================================================================

jobs - alice.com email password forgot password? careers at alice alice isn't a person, she's a team and we'd love to have you join. we're interested in talented, creative and passionate people joining our team who believe in our mission to give people a better way to buy the goods that keep their homes running. please feel free to submit your interest to one of our posted positions or make a general submission to jobs@alice.com. some things to know before you apply: we have big plans to disrupt the traditional retail market. everything we do is focused on empowering our customer. we work really hard. we have a lot of fun. everyone is assigned an animal. no, you can't pick your own. current openings customer service associate digital sales account manager senior software engineer logistics manager customer service associate location middleton, wi position description alice.com is seeking bright, articulate, and conscientious customer service professionals to support our growing customer base. alice.com is an internet start-up founded by a management team with a history of successful start-ups, the most recent of which sold to microsoft in 2007 (jellyfish.com). we're headquartered in middleton, wi. you can learn more about alice.com by reading our community blog and by doing some shopping on our site. responsibilities respond to multiple customer inquiries per hour (calls+email+live chat) related to products and services offered on the alice.com website; including taking orders, checking statuses, responding to and resolving customer issues, providing general information such as product suggestions, shipping details and providing overall customer satisfaction provide outstanding customer service and satisfaction in every point of customer contact maintain required call, email, and chat productivity and quality assurance targets investigate and resolve any customer issues assist in the development of department methods and procedures constantly seeking to improve processes track customer inquiries, feedback, and issues using internal tools other general administrative duties (e.g. product catalog maintenance, answering voice mail, etc.) as assigned skills excellent customer service and interpersonal skills ability to communicate correctly and clearly with internal and external customers demonstrable conflict resolution skills strong composition skills; ability to compose grammatically correct, concise, and accurate written responses effective problem solving and decision making skills strong time management skills organized, detail oriented and outstanding work ethic strong computer skills (windows xp, ms office suite) including a strong understanding of the internet and ecommerce websites education/experience high school diploma required. college degree preferred. minimum of two (2) years related work experience qualifications the ideal candidate will be comfortable in a fast-paced, multi-tasked, high-energy and fun work environment. they will be creative and analytical problem solvers with a passion for delighting alice.com customers above and beyond the call of duty. candidates must have a “thick skin” and be able to handle themselves professionally when faced with difficult customer situations. salary/benefits we offer a competitive salary, benefits package and great work environment with strong opportunities for advancement. interested candidates, please email your resume to jobs(at)alice.com. digital sales account manager location middleton, wi position description alice.com, a consumer packaged goods (cpg) e-commerce company, is seeking a smart, hard-working, organized, success-driven salesperson to promote the alice.com digital advertising opportunities to our growing list of cpg manufacturers. the position will be based at the alice.com headquarters in middleton, wisconsin. summary responsible for achievement of advertising revenue goals for all assigned accounts. must demonstrate the ability to effectively position the alice.com digital advertising opportunities while maintaining lasting business relationships with manufacturer clients and/or their agencies. essential for this position is the ability to design, present, and manage campaigns that drive client’s sales efficiently and effectively through the alice.com advertising platform. a successful account manager exhibits exceptional sales, marketing, and analytical skills to build win/win outcomes for both the cpg client and alice.com. responsibilities secure ad budget from our participating cpg manufacturers by effectively communicating the value derived from the different advertising opportunities on alice.com. achieve quarterly and annual revenue goals for each managed account. develop business plan that strategically builds account revenues. possess deep knowledge and understanding of the current cpg retail landscape while staying abreast of the latest trends in advertising and brand building in the digital realm. account management including program management, revenue forecasting, budget management, and execution of agreed upon digital advertising campaigns. effectively build relationships with cpg brand managers, marketing teams, and advertising agencies to position alice.com as the most effective channel for manufacturers to connect directly with their end consumers. skills required excellent selling, persuasion, and objection handling strong communication and negotiation demonstrated strong work ethic high energy, enthusiasm, and passion an entrepreneurial spirit effective problem solving and decision making skills strong time management skills strong computer skills including an advanced understanding of the internet and e-commerce integrity qualifications bachelors degree or higher 5+ years of sales experience in industry/related industry; cpg experience a plus the ideal candidate will be comfortable in a fast-paced, multi-tasked, high-energy and fun work environment. a track record of success and exceeding expectations is an absolute requirement for this position. salary/benefits we offer a competitive salary, benefits package and great work environment with strong opportunities for advancement. interested candidates, please email your resume to jobs(at)alice.com. logistics manager location middleton, wi with 25% over-night travel to warehouse facility. position description alice.com is seeking a smart, hard-working, and organized logistics manager to oversee our off-site fulfillment operation. alice.com is an online retail platform for consumer packaged goods founded by a management team with a history of successful start-ups, the most recent of which sold to microsoft in 2007 (jellyfish.com). we are headquartered in middleton, wi. interested candidates, please email your resume to jobs@alice.com. alice.com is an internet start-up founded by a management team with a history of successful start-ups, the most recent of which sold to microsoft in 2007 (jellyfish.com). we're headquartered in middleton, wi. you can learn more about alice.com by reading our community blog and by doing some shopping on our site. what you would do: continuously refine our operation through efficiencies and process improvements to perform at peak capacity. ensure adherence to proper procedures and consistent actions. providing leadership and direction to a team of warehouse team members. preparing daily reports in a timely manner and reviewing goals and standards for continuous improvement. working with all levels of employees to develop and implement replenishment, cycle counting, consolidation and warehouse utility schedules to ensure efficient operation of day-to-day functions. mentoring and developing team members to perform at highest standards. assist and maintain appropriate inventory levels and product loss control. what you need to have: 2-3 years experience in consumer products/direct to consumer delivery. order fulfillment and inventory control experience. bachelor's degree or higher. intermediate to strong microsoft office and wms skills. principles only. please email your resume to jobs(at)alice.com. and put logistics manager on the subject line. senior software engineer location middleton, wi position description alice.com is growing. we're looking for senior software engineers with strong backgrounds in web development, both on the client and server sides, who want to join a fun, sociable team of bright engineers who excel at getting stuff done. we do our web work with ruby and rails and much of our supply chain management with java. ideal candidates will be equally comfortable discussing jquery selector mechanics, ruby monkey patching, web services, and mysql explain plans with a team of passionate peers. candidates should enjoy hands-on work in a self-directed, fast-paced environment that gives you room to apply your expertise and make an impact. we expect to learn a lot from you, but also expect that you will learn a lot from us. alice.com is an internet start-up founded by a management team with a history of successful start-ups, the most recent of which sold to microsoft in 2007 (jellyfish.com). we're headquartered in middleton, wi. you can learn more about alice.com by reading our community blog and by doing some shopping on our site. what you would do: quickly grasp high-level business goals, vet requirements, and turn them into effective solutions collaborate with management and other team members to define requirements contribute in architectural discussions and be responsible for implementing all or parts of a project be passionate, take pride in your work, and have a sense of ownership build stuff. get stuff done. what you need to have: a minimum of 5 years experience working with oo languages. ruby preferred if you're a java guru, a desire to embrace ruby and get stuff done quickly a minimum of 5 years experience developing, testing, and maintaining interactive web apps a minimum of 5 years experience designing databases and working with sql a thorough understanding of all things web: http, javascript (jquery), html, and css the ability to work in a high-energy, somewhat chaotic environment principles only. please email your resume to jobs(at)alice.com. and put senior software engineer on the subject line. live chat toll-free phone 1-877-yoalice e-mail support@alice.com media/general inquiries rebecca thorman alice.com media relations 608-662-1796 press@alice.com blogs alice community blog alice company blog other follow us on twitter about alice about us contact us jobs press releases news faqs social/blogs alice community blog alice company blog digital cpg follow us on twitter facebook fan page manufacturer links e-commerce platform wonderland advertising suite supplier account center facebook storefronts more information sell products on alice partner with alice terms of use privacy policy © 2009 - 2012, alice.com, inc. m-f 7am-7pm cst. 1.877.962.5423 chat live now support@alice.com want to improve the reminder for this product? my current reminder my actual usage alice recommends every 2 weeks every 3 weeks every 4 weeks every 5 weeks every 6 weeks every 2 months every 3 months every 4 months every 5 months every 6 months i don't know