来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20121222103209/https://www.alice.com/terms_of_use
================================================================================

alice.com login join 0 checkout green & organic new products great deals shop by room animal house animal house cat supplies dog supplies cleaning & odor control bathroom bathroom incontinence deodorants lotions & moisturizers oral care shaving & hair removal shampoos & conditioners hair treatment & masks feminine care bathroom paper bathroom cleaner contacts & eye care cotton balls & swabs facial lotions & moisturizers soaps & scrubs air freshener hair color styling product hair care sun care & tanning bath & spa facial cleansers & scrubs lip & mouth care bedroom bedroom sexual health sleeping aids linen and air fresheners accessories cleaning closet cleaning closet household cleaners air freshener glass cleaner dust & polish vehicle cleaner floor care drain & septic care bathroom cleaner kitchen clean up cleaning tools lighting upholstery care cleaning bundles garage garage insect & pest control vehicle care trash & recycling gloves home improvement outdoor cooking industrial cleaners degreasers cleaners & prevention household tapes lighting kitchen kitchen disposable dinnerware food storage kitchen clean-up take out the trash paper products coffee & water filters kitchen cookware food preparation kitchen accessories dish clean up kitchen bundles laundry room laundry room stain & odor removal laundry detergent fabric softener clothing care washing machine care laundry bundles & accessories bleach makeup counter makeup counter nails lips face eyes makeup accessories cheeks medicine cabinet medicine cabinet upset stomach sexual health vitamins & nutrition stop smoking foot care pain & fever eye & ear care first aid cough, cold & flu allergy & sinus sleep & snoring aids nursery & kids nursery & kids kids bath & skin care kids hair care diapering kids health nursing & feeding supplies kids oral care baby cleaning products toddler food baby formula & food office office batteries photography paper & organization household necessities & tapes writing utensils mailing & moving office supplies lighting fasteners pantry pantry candy & gum energy boost coffee tea nutritional drinks sweeteners bottled beverages drink mixes sweet treats snacks bars breakfast food fruit toddler food baby formula & food baking condiments grain, pastas & soups chips & dip oils, vinegars & spices side dishes pasta ethnic flavors breading, marinades & sauces soups healthy fare canned meat & seafood meal starters pantry bundles salads my products terms of use the basics about us contact us jobs press releases news faqs more information sell products on alice partner with alice terms of use privacy policy questions? email: support@alice.com media/general inquiries alice.com media relations email: press@alice.com introduction and acceptance of terms the alice.com service offers consumers a convenient way to purchase and manage supplies of home essential products. alice.com, inc., ("we, us, our") has established the following terms and conditions (the "agreement") for each customer ("you, your") which governs your use of the alice.com website. terms of this agreement apply whether you are just visiting the website (meaning you are simply browsing the website) or whether you are an account holder (described below). by using the website, you acknowledge that you have read and understood this agreement and that you agree to be bound by all of its terms. we may change this agreement at any time by posting revisions to the website, and your continued use of the website indicates your acceptance of any revised terms. privacy please review our privacy policy, which also governs your use of the alice.com website. alice.com account eligibility in order to purchase and manage product purchases using the alice.com service and participate in the social features available on alice.com, you must create an alice.com account (the "account"). creating and maintaining an account is free and there are no membership fees, but you must: provide alice with a valid e-mail address and password for account access be a u.s. citizen or legal resident at least 18 years of age with a mailing address in the contiguous 48 states keep your account information (name, address, e-mail, etc.) up to date, accurate and secure comply with all other account holder obligations set forth herein by logging into the website, you represent and warrant that: (a) you are the customer who registered for the services; (b) that you are using the services only for permitted purposes under this agreement; and (c) you will immediately notify us of any unauthorized use of your password or account or any other breach of security. we reserve the right, in our sole discretion, to reject any application for an account and/or immediately cancel or suspend any existing account at any time. alice account holder responsibilities and prohibited activities as an account holder, you are prohibited from: using automated tools to interact with and/or collect information from the alice.com website engaging in any conduct that in our sole discretion restricts or inhibits any other user from using or enjoying the alice.com services using the social features of our website for any of the following activities: disseminating information that promotes racism, bigotry, hatred or harm to an individual or group, contains nudity, violence or offensive subject matter or contains a link to a website containing such subject matter, or exploits individuals in a sexual or violent manner harassment, promotion of harassment or stalking in any form promoting information that you know to be false or misleading, or promotes illegal activities that could damage alice or any third party promoting commercial activities not endorsed by alice soliciting passwords or other personal information for the purposes of commercial or unlawful use impersonating any person or entity or misrepresenting yourself in any way as an account holder, you are responsible for: keeping account information up to date, accurate and secure (we will not be responsible for actions of third parties that gain access to your account information) providing true, accurate and complete information about yourself at all times, including when ordering products from alice. researching the copyrights of images, logos, text etc. you use on your alice user profile page and paying the appropriate fees agreeing to the terms of our privacy policy, which governs the use of all information you submit to us complying with all federal, state, local and foreign laws, rules, regulations and court orders that are applicable to your use of this website alice account termination your account membership is subject to the terms and conditions in this agreement. we reserve the right to terminate your account, remove or edit content, and cancel any orders at any time for any failure to comply with these terms and conditions, any fraud or abuse, or any misrepresentation you make to us. alice also reserves the right to close any inactive accounts. an account is deemed inactive if you have had no purchase activity for 18 consecutive months. any accrued rewards in inactive accounts will be returned to alice.com. account holders may terminate their account at any time by sending an e-mail or other written notification to alice.com. sale of goods we reserve the right to limit quantities of items purchased by you, to cancel any order or part of an order, or refuse service to anyone for any reason.  the posting of prices on our website is not an offer for sale of goods, and the order confirmation is not an acceptance of an offer to purchase goods.  the contract for sale of goods is not entered into until we ship your products. title to goods and all risk of loss passes to you upon delivery to the shipping carrier. pricing and availability prices and availability of products are subject to change without notice. we make every effort to provide accurate information about the prices of products available on the alice.com site. however, we cannot confirm the price of a product until a contract for sale of goods is completed. in the event a product appears with an incorrect price or information, we reserve the right to cancel any orders of the product. product descriptions, packaging and colors we have made every effort to display as accurately as possible the products and associated packaging and colors associated with such products on the alice.com site. however, we cannot guarantee that the product descriptions are accurate, complete, reliable, current, or error-free. if a product offered by the site is not as described, your sole remedy is to return it in unused condition. product substitutions alice reserves the right to deliver substitute product to you, only in the event the ordered item is out of stock and the identical brand and product is available in a form that is of equal or greater value. any substitution will occur at no extra cost to you. contests and sweepstakes we may, from time to time, offer contests, sweepstakes, games or rewards programs on alice.com. each of these activities may be governed by additional specific rules as posted and made available to you with the specific promotion. reviews and social features alice account holders may post reviews, comments, photos, and other content on the alice.com website ("submission"). we reserve the right (but not the obligation) to remove or edit submissions, but we do not regularly review posted content. by making a submission, you grant us a non-exclusive, royalty-free, perpetual, irrevocable and fully sublicensable right to use, reproduce, modify, adapt, publish, translate, create derivative works from, distribute, and display such submission throughout the world in any media. you also grant us the right to use the name you submit in connection with such submissions. by posting or sending us a submission, you represent and warrant that you own or otherwise control all of the rights to the content in your submission, that the content you provide is accurate, and that use of the content in your submission does not violate this agreement or cause injury to any person or entity. you agree to indemnify alice.com, inc. against all claims and liabilities resulting from your submission. alice takes no responsibility and assumes no liability for any submissions made by you or any third party. disclaimer and limitation of liability the alice.com account, website, and related services are being provided "as is" with no warranty of any kind. alice disclaims all representations and warranties, express or implied, including, but not limited to, implied warranties of merchantability and fitness for any particular purpose. alice does not warrant, guarantee, or make any representations regarding the quality of, timeliness, or accuracy of any product offers, data or content provided at the alice website. alice makes no representations or guarantees regarding any goods or services offered or provided by suppliers affiliated with the alice.com website. alice does not warrant or guarantee that access to the alice.com website will be uninterrupted or error-free, and alice assumes no responsibility for any damage caused by your access, or inability to access, the alice.com website. the alice website includes content provided by third parties and you, our customer. alice is a distributor of such content and not its publisher. alice editorial control of such content is the same as that of a public library or newsstand. our third party suppliers may express certain opinions or provide certain information and offers. alice makes no warranties as to the completeness, accuracy, timeliness, or reliability of information or offers supplied by third parties and published by alice. alice does not guarantee or warrant the performance of any third party, including any such third party's conformance to any law, rule, regulation or policy. in no event shall alice be liable for any damages, claims or losses incurred (including without limitation compensatory, incidental, indirect, special, consequential, or exemplary damages), however caused and under any theory of liability arising in connection with your use of the alice.com website or account, any act or omission by alice in administering the website or your account, or the purchase or use of any goods or services through the alice.com website, even if alice has been advised of the possibility of such damages, claims, or losses. because some jurisdictions do not allow the exclusion or limitation of incidental or consequential damages, our liability in such jurisdictions shall be limited to the extent permitted by law. you agree to indemnify and hold alice, its parents, subsidiaries, affiliates, officers, directors and employees, harmless from any claim or demand, including reasonable attorney's fees, made by any third party due to or arising out of your use of the alice.com website or account. permitted use you agree that you are only authorized to visit, view and retain a copy of pages of the website for your own personal shopping and informational use, and that you shall not duplicate, download, publish, modify or otherwise distribute the materials, information, software, products and services included in or available through the website for any purpose other than for your personal, non-commercial use, unless otherwise specifically authorized by alice to do so. intellectual property you acknowledge that the alice.com website contains information, data, software, photographs, graphics, videos, text, images, typefaces, sounds, and other material (collectively "content") that are protected by copyrights, trademarks, or other proprietary rights, and that these rights are valid and protected in all forms, media and technologies existing now or hereinafter developed. you acknowledge that all such content is proprietary to alice and/or our suppliers. you may not modify, remove, delete, augment, add to, publish, transmit, participate in the transfer or sale of, create derivative works from, or in any way exploit any of the content, in whole or in part. if no specific restrictions are displayed, you may make copies of select portions of the content, provided that the copies are made only for your personal, information and non-commercial use and that you do not alter or modify the content in any way, and maintain any notices contained in the content, such as all copyright notices, trademark legends, or other proprietary rights notices. except as provided in the preceding sentence, you may not reproduce, or distribute in any way content protected by copyright, or other proprietary right, without obtaining permission of the owner of the copyright or other proprietary right. general when you visit alice.com or send e-mails to us, you are communicating with us electronically. you consent to receive communications from us electronically. we will communicate with you by e-mail or by posting notices on this website. you agree that all agreements, notices, disclosures and other communications we provide to you electronically satisfy any legal requirement that such communications be in writing. our failure to exercise or enforce any right or provision of the agreement shall not constitute a waiver of such right or provision. if any provision of the agreement is found by a court of competent jurisdiction to be invalid, the parties nevertheless agree that the court should endeavor to give effect to the parties' intentions as reflected in the provision, and the other provisions of the agreement remain in full force and effect. you agree that regardless of any statute or law to the contrary, any claim or cause of action arising out of or related to use of the alice.com service or the agreement must be filed within one year after such claim or cause of action arose or be forever barred all matters relating to your access to, and use of, the website or any services provided by alice shall be governed by u.s. federal law or the laws of state of wisconsin. any legal action or proceeding relating to your access to, or use of, the website shall be instituted in a state or federal court in dane county, wisconsin. you and alice agree to submit to the jurisdiction of, and agree that venue is proper in, these courts in any such legal action or proceeding. copyright policy if you believe your work or the work of another has been copied in a way that constitutes copyright infringement, you can provide us with notice that contains the following information: a description and copy of the copyrighted work you claim has been infringed; a description of where the material you claim is infringing is located on the site; your address, telephone number, and email address; a statement by you that you have a good faith belief that the disputed use is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent or the law; a statement by you, made under penalty of perjury, that the above information in your notice is accurate and that you are the copyright owner or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf; and an electronic or physical signature of the person authorized to act on behalf of the owner of the copyright interest on the document(s) comprising 4 and 5 here above designated agent for notification of claimed copyright infringement by mail: legal dept. alice.com 8215 greenway blvd., suite 340 middleton, wi 53562 by phone: (608) 662-1780 by email: support@alice.com revised 1/28/10 customer service email: support@alice.com social alice everyday blog digital cpg blog follow us on twitter like us on facebook follow us on pinterest about alice about us contact us press releases news jobs faqs manufacturers & more e-commerce platform wonderland advertising site supplier account center facebook storefronts sell products on alice partner with alice terms of use privacy policy what are you doing down here? all the deals are way up there! beam me up! loading