来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20141230111921/http://www.blacklapel.com/testimonials
================================================================================

testimonials | black lapel javascript seem to be disabled in your browser. you must have javascript enabled in your browser to utilize the functionality of this website. edit measurements you have no items in your shopping cart. free shipping, incredibly easy returns suits shirts weddings more unsuits - new! blazers pants vests accessories - new! look of the week gift cards about our story service quality inspiration style journal look of the week #suitcity my account already have an account? forgot password? or create an account my membership order history my measurements log out my bag join the club, become a member or subscribe to the black lapel newsletter i agree to the "terms of service" create account we let our customers speak for us. we think feedback from real customers will provide the most insightful information to you, so we've included them here. to get even more honest, candid feedback from our customers, we encourage you to read comments in fashion forums and blogs as well. anthony f. i wore the suit to the office today then out to see a few accounts. i received 5 compliments on my suit!! these are from jaded men and women in an office building full of suits. i had two coworkers approach me and ask where i buy my suits. i also had a man on the street stop me to tell me how sharp my suit was. it is only 3:40 here in ca! i think this is a testament to the job you do and how great my new suit fits. my confidence is through the roof and i just wanted to thank you again. also, my girlfriend would also like to thank you for saving her the headache of me dragging her around town shopping for the "perfect suit". thanks again, and please keep me abreast of when you get new suit material in. i'll be ordering another one real soon, and am going black lapel all the way. cheers. aman b. i just got my suit today!! it's truly amazing what you guys can do. the fit is perfect. i have to say, i never thought suits could be so comfortable! thanks so much for bearing with me through the process and please lets the guys at the style journals know that they rock! sam m. part of the reason i'm enthused by both the people and the message of black lapel, is that it's more than just clothes. it's a lifestyle; a train of thought. though i think your product stands on its own very well, it's what it stands for that that impresses me. gentleman living up to the name. men being proud of themselves. you and the staff are a force for good. thanks! forrest d. the product arrived and i am 200% satisfied with this amazing suit – it fits like a glove. i can't express how happy i am! clark c. on behalf of every oddly-shaped male out there, i wanted to share my deepest thanks for creating an amazing product. i'm getting married in september and my fiancee wanted to commemorate the occasion by buying a suit for me that i could wear for the special day. little did i know that finding a suit off the rack would be near impossible, especially since i'm 6'4 with a 6'8 wingspan and weigh only 155. my search became so frustrating that upon one visit to a chain store, the employee who measured me said that my size didn't exist in their lineup of suits. he even asked me where i bought my clothes. needless to say, i felt like quite the freak show. the kicker was that their store was filled with posters of smiling men in their new suits with the tag line "we fit everyone." everyone but me. knowing my fiancee or i didn't have the money to drop on a tailored suit, i almost quit looking and opted to wear a sweater for our wedding. soon after, i discovered black lapel. after several weeks of research, we finally decided to pull the trigger on my first custom suit with black lapel. and i, as well as my future bride, couldn't be happier with the decision. i'll be proudly wearing my solid charcoal gray suit for our wedding and hopefully many years to come. alex w. a few months ago, i interviewed in my black lapel suit, got the job, and moved to manhattan. i love the suit, but there's just one problem: it puts my tux to shame - i'd rather go to fancy events in my black lapel charcoal suit than in my tuxedo! to fix this situation, i think i need a black lapel tuxedo. jorgen j. i did this all to test out your services, and your customer service really is out of this world. i can´t wait to receive more suits, and especially my tuxedo for my wedding next year. i reckon i am gonna look bad ass. i look forward to black lapel providing my suits from now and hopefully until eternity ;) stephen m. thanks for making it a priority to deliver a perfect product. i will continue to endorse and advertise your services and products. wish you guys maximum success. george n. i received my suit on friday. brilliant! i am very pleased. thank you black lapel. kyle w. thanks to you guys being so patient and allowing for trial and error in the past year or so, i finally found a place that can produce an awesome suit (both in fit and construction) for affordable prices. i wish you guys the very best and hope you stick around for many years, or should i say decades, to come. jonathan b. i just wanted to take a minute to thank your for both your customer service and your patience with me and to let me know i do appreciate it (after all, i am canadian). with 17 shirts, 5 pairs of pants, one vest and one suit to my credit (more to come, don't worry), i can honestly say i'm the best dressed man in my office (with 180 employees, that's not bad - a few allen edmonds shoes don't hurt either). so thanks again and i hope bl has much success in 2014. albert k. i'm back from my honeymoon (hawaii was awesome) and i wanted to write to black lapel and thank you for such a perfect tuxedo. i received so many compliments on the tuxedo that were more than your standard "you look nice" and a lot of people were very curious to where i purchased it. i mentioned your website to quiet a few people as well! corey l. mission accomplished! perfect wedding and tons of great compliments on the boys' suits! i have a few more buddies that were very interested in knowing how to order! thank you for everything! everyone was super impressed and happy! james p. holy shit. excuse the language, but this service is ridiculous (in the best way!), you definitely have a customer for life mate. already had a couple of people ask where i got my suit - i'm guessing even more will want to know with the better fitting jacket;). thanks again. matthew b. the customer service and quality of the suit is outstanding. i entered into this process of online made-to-measure suiting with trepidation, but after evaluating many options for a suit to wear for my wedding -- i was thrilled to have received something so unique in the mail. the quality of the construction and fabric mirrored that of suits at least twice the price in storefronts of philadelphia. excellent attention to detail - from the stitching and buttons, to the waist band and drape of the pants. the ordering process was one of the best "shopping" experiences i've had, it was relatively effortless and then the customer service was top notch in reviewing my measurements and keeping me informed through the development and shipping of my suit. thank you, blacklapel! tyler k. wowwowwowwow!!! safe to say i love my new suits! perfect fit, perfect details, perfect everything. makes me wonder why i waited so long to order from you guys! i can't thank you enough for all the exceptional help, patience, and customer service. you most certainly have created a repeat customer, i'm looking forward to future orders! neil t. honestly i would really like to thank the team at black lapel. i admit i was a little nervous after reading some of the blogs about buying suits online as people can be very negative. after reading a lot black lapel came out best for quality and service. in reality, you guys did a really amazing job job and i am glad i chose you. i was late when i ordered the suits and there was 4 different people in three different countries. i couldn't rent as we didn't live in the same country. i didn't want to run the risk of there being no suits a week before the wedding. i couldn't buy from a shop as there was three different countries. black lapel was the only logical solution. the turn around was fantastic and the fit was excellent in all cases. you were patient, you double checked the measurements, you listened and all the suits got to us in time. basically i cannot thank the team that put all this together enough. mark t. i received the tuxedo the end of last week; thank you very much for your follow up. it fits like a glove...you guys nailed it. i do have to commend you and the rest of the team for absolutely nothing short of first class customer service. rob s. your suit just looks right. the fabric is nice quality and the fit just suits me well no pun intended. my wife is a great critic - her feedback along the way for some of your competitors include: "it's nice but not what i'd expect for 750 bucks" & "love the color and fabric but again doesn't scream expensive look". her feedback for your suit was "wow that is all around perfect - it looks like a high end tailored suit that looks like a 3500 dollar suit like they wear in the usa network show 'suits'". are you familiar with that show? they are high end lawyers and the undertone of the show is well dressed men with unlimited budgets. it's a real compliment. nate k. hey ann, you are, indeed, well on your way to keeping me in bl suits for life. you have been such a pleasure to work with and black lapel's could very well be the only customer service that i actually enjoy, and even get excited about, communicating with. i hope the rest of the concierge is as fantastic as you. thank you for all you do! :-) keith w. received the shirt this past weekend. one of the best fitting shirts i own, as was promised. i will be recommending your services to those looking for a great custom fit. thank you again. phil h. i have ordered two suits, and one shirt from your site, and i am thoroughly impressed with everything i have received. your products are very high quality, and the fits are perfect. i ordered two shirts from a competitors site, and the quality was far inferior to yours. the only reason i even ordered from a different site was because they have a larger selection of patterns and styles in both suits and shirts, which is something i would love to see from this site. i can honestly say i will most likely buy all my dress clothes from you in the future, and what i want most from you is to see you expand your available options in terms of colors and patterns in both shirts and suits. thank you for your time, your amazing products and your outstanding customer service. james b. your level of service has been unbelievable and i've been telling everyone who will listen to check your company out. daniel i. yesterday, i received the navy suit i recently ordered. i wanted to drop a note to say how happy i am with the fit and quality. it looks great right out the box. you can count on me coming back to black lapel for my suits going forward. lee n. i received my black lapel solid navy suit this past monday, and i have to say that it is absolutely perfect. i mean, there isn't a thing wrong with it. it fits absolutely perfect, which is great since this was my first time ordering from black lapel. and the quality is great too. i'll stop being mushy now, just wanted to let you know that i am very happy and i can't wait to buy my next suit from you. brian p. i wore one of my bl suits for 2 straight days and loved every minute of it (full day of work on a friday, then out to a bar where i got probably close to 1,000 compliments, then put it right back on the next morning and wore it the entire day on saturday). the most impressive thing was how comfortable it was the entire time, not to mention how fantastic it looked. thank you for being so incredibly helpful throughout this entire process. its been a fun adventure and i feel extremely confident about the quality, fit, and look of these next two suits without even seeing them yet. already planning the third round of purchases! aaron m. i own a few suits that were more expensive, but i don't own any suits that are nicer. keep doing what you do. mike l. just recieved my blacklapel suit in the mail yesterday and all i can say is incredible. i have never been so pleased with a final product deliverable and customer service as i have through blacklapel. also, please thank the tailors for their incredible efforts and for asking questions about my sizing (i was way off!). sean c. i'm really happy/grateful that you guys took the time to sort out the issues with the suit with me; i have to say, the customer service at black lapel is absolutely amazing (seriously, i'm not aware of anywhere else on or offline that i've received better service)! awad i. thank you again for taking the time to check and double check & making sure that all the measurements were taking right, and for the little tweaks you made as well! all this made my suit perfect :) the quality was amazing, the customers service was superb, the shipping was super fast and free, no wonder i give this whole experience 5 stars and zero complaints! i'm hooked, and black lapel has become one of my favorites brands. josh o. i wanted to express my gratitude and satisfaction with the customer service i received from ann and black lapel. it was, without a doubt, the most positive, friendly and pleasant interaction i've had with any company's customer service. i love the suit and will surely recommend you all to anyone i know who is in the market. i told ann she deserves a raise, and wanted to express my pleasure with every single aspect of doing business with black lapel. kudos, and thanks. carlos v. although i buy 99% of my clothing online i had my doubts as to how good the overall quality of your garments would be because i was under the impression suits are not something you normally purchase online and that something fishy had to be up. well to my pleasant surprise you guys blew away my expectations with excellent customer service and a high quality garment. j b i just received my first pair of black lapel dress pants today and they are simply perfect. this may seem a curious statement to make as all customers should be happy, but i've had  quite a run of bad luck with mtm clothing. black lapel is the exception - shirts, perfect. pants, perfect. it gives me complete confidence to order a blazer for an upcoming new york trip and a suit before wedding season (with more to follow). i just want to say thanks for providing a service and a product that is truly excellent. and believe me, if it wasn't - you'd know. nathan t. wow, thank you so much for the speedy delivery! i am a huge fan of black lapel and i will continue to tell all of my friends about the wonderful customer experience. deon k. i have received my suit and am extremely impressed. i have never had a shirt that fits so well. usually it is choking me up as i have a thicker neck. the pants are spot on perfect. i think my next shirts and jackets will be slim fit, rather than tailored. that said, this suit already fits infinitely better than all those before it. i will be recommending black lapel to all my friends, including a groom and his wedding party coming up soon. alejandro j. i would just like to thank you for the amazing suit - every last detail greatly exceeded my expectations. i previously bought a suit from a competitor of yours and the first one was decent. however, the second suit was completely off and five remakes only made things worse it seemed so i decided to get my money back and find a replacement. i did my research and came across black lapel. not only does the suit fit amazingly, but the quality also blew me away. my tailor was very impressed as well. i also really appreciate the smaller details, such as the suit bag, suit care instruction document, and features such as the extra fabric at the hem of the pants. i look forward to buying more suits, and will definitely also look into shirts and accessories. keep up the amazing work. kyle b. it fits perfectly, 10/10. great product, will likely be shopping again in the future. chase r. the suit arrived today. it. is. fantastic. john s. i got my suit yesterday and am so incredibly pleased. i love it. it looks good and feels good and makes me feel good. i don't recall ever being so happy with a piece of clothing. robert r. what can i say? this has been the best suit shopping experience i've had in a very long time. your attention to detail, dedication to good customer service and the quality of your product have left me extremely satisfied with my purchase. carleton t. my tailor said the suit was very high quality and he was said he thought it should have cost 3x as much. thanks for a great suit black lapel team! nick r. hi, i just wanted to let you know that i received the pants i ordered yesterday, and they are fantastic. i'm am exceptionally impressed with the fit, and no alterations are required at all. i am confident that i'll be moving more of my clothing purchases to black lapel. rami d. i just wanted to thank you for a great experience with black lapel. the suit and shirt look amazing and the fit was perfect. i am definitely going to be ordering from you guys again. my friends, brothers and cousins also commented how great the suit looked and i hope they'll be placing orders with you guys as well. graham s. i received the suit very quickly. i took it in to my tailor last week and he was very complimentary of the finished product! he was impressed with the full canvas construction and the customization details at this price point. as for sizing, the jacket is perfect- i've never had a jacket that fits so well and i'm really pleased with it! arthur f. i just received my suit. i am floored, and so was my tailor! absolutely astonishing material, finishing and fabric. my tailor works with the music industry, makes her own custom shirts. she told me i should immediately go out and buy two more suits and vests, because the fabric and cut were brilliant! simon b. i just received my first shirt and pants from black lapel and now understand that i've never worn anything that fit before in my life! i'll be starting the replacement of my entire wardrobe with an order this weekend, and got so many compliments at work that i think you have about four new customers from my office, too. thank you! jonathan l. thank you for the wonderful service. i have purchased suits from all the major department stores - nordstrom, saks, etc and have never experienced customer service as good as this. jeffrey j. a funny story. my tailor turned the shirt inside out and started making a weird face. i asked her what was wrong as i thought there was a defect and she said....the stitchings are amazing. then went to the back to show me how much better black lapel stitchings were compared to other shirts. in addition, she mentioned the artisans that made the shirt had very accurate hands as they only give themselves a little bit of space to make the stitchings. she kept mentioning she can't make her alternations as good as that, but she is an expert and made the shirt look nice too. anyways i thought the shirt looked nice. but you made a pro's mind get blown. awesome. samuel b. black lapel had the best customer service when it comes to online mtm suit makers! all of my future suits well be from these guys! peter b. thank you so much! honestly black lapel has had the best customer service of any company i have dealt with for anything! i will be letting all my friends know where to get their suits (and that ordering online really doesn't need to be scary!) david o. love working with you guys. you are officially the best at customer service....thanks. cesar c. i want to take the time to thank everyone at black lapel for the professionalism and excellent customer service i have received. the three piece suit i purchased on oct. 4 2013 has arrived and it fits perfect. i am very impressed on the quality of the suit and excellent tailored work.the easy step by step process to make the order was amazing and will strongly recommend family and friends. you now have a customer for life. thank you. join us shop fall - new! suits shirts weddings unsuits - new! blazers pants vests accessories gift cards service customer service style consultation nyc showroom our promise shipping policy alterations / remake / return about our story reviews how it works quality f.a.q. more style journal contact us jobs affiliates terms shop flawless fit promise contact us © 2014 blacklapel.com. all rights reserved. send us a message