来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20250423053703/https://blacklapel.com/faq-concierge
================================================================================

faq / concierge shop showrooms weddings log in 0 checkout [product title] added to cart checkout products suits shirts blazers black tie pants outerwear ties pocket squares cufflinks weddings gift cards collections blue suits grey suits flannels reda suits vitale barberis suits knit shirts appointments new york showroom denver showroom boston showroom virtual styling alteration request best sellers topcoats & outerwear log in / sign up custom apparel suits shirts blazers black tie pants outerwear accessories ties pocket squares cufflinks gift card collections savoy line traveler suits traveler shirts performance tuxedos browse blue suits black suits gray suits navy suits brown suits khaki suits wedding suits groom suits groom tuxedos groomsmen suits groomsmen tuxedos visit our showroom virtual styling weddings journal 0 my account log in products suits shirts blazers black tie pants outerwear ties pocket squares cufflinks weddings gift cards collections best sellers blue suits grey suits flannels reda suits vitale barberis suits knit shirts appointments new york showroom denver showroom boston showroom virtual styling alteration request frequently asked questions need something cleared up? here are our most frequently asked questions. the black lapel flawless fit promise what is black lapel's commitment to ensuring the perfect fit for its customers? black lapel believes that you should never be left hanging by your custom clothing maker. for that reason, if you feel the fit of your first item in any category could be improved, we offer complimentary in-house alterations or, if we deem necessary, remakes on your first order. we are confident in guaranteeing your ability to find your flawless fit with us. should you feel we have not met that standard, we will work with you until you love the fit of your clothing. measuring & before your first order what are the differences between your fit options? which one is right for me? for a more modern look, slim fit or tailored fit will work best for most guys. for a more classic look, standard fit is the way to go. if you’re still not sure, email us and we’re happy to set you up with one of our fit specialists to walk you through the process! i’m concerned that my measurements won’t be correct. should i get measured at a professional tailor? we know that getting your own measurements taken may seem daunting, but with the help of a friend and our measurement guide videos, it's actually quite easy and fun. so, there's no need to get measured at a professional tailor. furthermore, we’ve made hundreds of thousands of well-fitting suits–and we check your measurements against our database to make sure nothing seems off. occasionally, we’ll ask you to double-check a certain measurement. no matter what, we have you covered. if you feel that you need additional assistance, you can always request an appointment with a designated fit specialist to review your measurements. do you have any locations where i can get measured and shop in-person? yes! we have stores in new york, boston, and denver. we also have affiliates in a number of cities throughout the us including atlanta, boise, dallas, des moines, fort worth, houston, las vegas, little rock, nashville, new orleans, omaha, oklahoma city, orlando, phoenix, raleigh, salt lake city, san antonio, tampa bay, tulsa, and more. if you are in any of these cities, or somewhere else, you can contact us and ask how to get some hands-on help. i’d like to see a particular fabric in person. can you send me fabric swatches? we have swatches available that we can send your way to see your fabrics in person. you can request swatches by sending a list of the fabrics you’d like to see to concierge@blacklapel.com appointments do i need to book an appointment? yes! because the custom clothing process is a very personalized experience, we require booking an appointment so that our specialist can take care of you 1-on-1. can i bring a friend? typically, appointments are booked for the amount of time it takes to fit one person. however, if you’d like to bring a friend, please reach out and we’ll see if we can accommodate, or help book them for their own appointment. ask us about our referral program to hook your friend up and earn some credit for yourself! do you have everything shown online available in the store? yes–and then some! we have access to an incredible library of fabrics that are available in-store only. we’re always working on adding more of these options to our website. your first order will you send me my entire first order or do you send one of each item first to try-on? we always send one of each type of garment first to ensure you’re happy with the fit. this ensures that if any alterations are needed, we can apply them to your fit profile and save them for future orders, as well as make your next items with that new fit. however, we always buy the fabrics for the remaining items on the order upfront, so your subsequent items are shipped more quickly. this does mean, however, that you cannot change fabric selections after you place your order, as we buy and reserve the fabric for you right away! how long does it take to receive my order? our average turnaround time is approximately 4 weeks, but be sure to check your order confirmation email for more specific timelines for delivery. production time can fluctuate depending on the time of year, volume of orders, or lead time to deliver certain fabrics. i need my order by a certain date, can you help? probably! if you’re on a tight timeline, or need a certain delivery date, please reach out as soon as possible–or even prior to ordering–to confirm we’re able to meet your needs. alterations & remakes what is your alteration policy if my garments don’t fit? the first time you order a new garment category from black lapel, we will make one garment of that type in order for you to assess the fit by washing/wearing the garments for an extended time in your daily routine. should you find that the fit of specific areas of your garment can be improved, black lapel will offer complimentary alterations or remakes on that garment to ensure your satisfaction. how do i get alterations done to my garments? first, be sure to send us photos of you wearing the items you’d like to improve the fit of. please send at least three photos of each item from the front, side, and back in a natural pose/posture (arms at your side, or crossed at your chest if you’re sending photos of a pant). from there, we’ll assess what changes can be made, and whether we take them to a local tailor near you or send them back to us for adjustment.if you take them to a local tailor, we’ll refund you up to $75 for alterations on your first jacket, and up to $50 for your first shirt and trouser. however, you’re required to fill out our alterations form and provide an itemized receipt in order to be reimbursed. if you do not send both of these items, you’ll receive your reimbursement in the form of store credit. please be sure to get approval before handling your alterations locally, as we cannot reimburse for costs that exceed these thresholds. what if i think i need a remake? many fit issues are easily resolved with alterations rather than remaking a garment, but we’ll let you know if we determine the only solution is a remake. any garment to be remade will need to be returned to one of our locations in order for our tailors to begin construction on the new garment. we prioritize the timeline for garments that need to be remade, so you can rest assured we’ll deliver the corrected garment quickly. what is your policy on variance with new orders? please note that because all garments are hand-constructed by professional tailors, there is an allowable variance in fit up to 0.3”. this should not significantly affect the fit and feel of your garments. returns & refunds what is black lapel's refund policy? because your garments are built to individual specifications and sizing, black lapel cannot offer returns or refunds like a traditional retailer. in the very rare case we are unable to reach fit confirmation after exhausting the alteration and remake process, we may decide to approve a refund to the original payment method if the order is returned to black lapel within 90 days of the last delivery to you or a pattern room. any refunds beyond 90 days from the last delivery will be provided in the form of store credit, applied to the account of the original purchaser. no refunds will be issued after 12 months. black lapel will attempt to alter or remake any garments with construction or quality issues before offering a refund. black lapel will process approved refunds when the garments being returned are received at any of our locations. black lapel will not issue refunds for any garments where issues arise as a result of third-party tailoring quality. laundry care & product information how should i care for my shirts and chinos (cotton)? wash cold on a gentle cycle and hang to dry. a quick no-heat tumble can help alleviate some wrinkles, but you may need to press with a warm iron or use a handheld steamer for a crisp professional look. avoid high heat drying and dry cleaning, as it can cause garments to deteriorate faster. request a launder and press service if you use a cleaner! how should i care for my jackets, trousers, and outerwear (wool)? an occasional steaming is helpful on high-stress points to help reduce wrinkling (at the knees or elbows). a true dry cleaning is only necessary a few times a year unless there is rigorous wear or stain/odor. excessive dry cleaning can damage the fabric, so we recommend that you don’t dry clean after every wear! spot cleaning and using a soft brush to tend to dust or dirt is great between dry cleans, and always store the garments on a quality hanger with a properly supportive “shoulder”. what kind of fabrics do you use? black lapel sources high-quality, four-season and curated fabrics from textile markets and mills throughout the world, including england, italy, australia, and new zealand. we have many 100% cotton shirting and chino materials, but we also offer a variety of stretch and non-wrinkle fabrics for those who enjoy such features. our non-wrinkle fabrics do not use any chemical treatment–all non-wrinkle shirts are standard 100 by oeko-tex® certified. can i request a specific customization? black lapel offers a variety of curated customizations to ensure the quality and consistency of every order. if you do not see a specific customization offered, unfortunately, it cannot be ordered. we appreciate your understanding. locations & contacts new york showroom newyork@blacklapel.com 917-900-2655 online & concierge concierge@blacklapel.com 781-236-3559 denver showroom denver@blacklapel.com 720-800-5705 boston showroom boston@blacklapel.com 617-763-2007 products suits shirts blazers black tie pants outerwear support faq & alterations alteration request privacy policy terms of use cookie policy accessibility company our story journal showrooms quality reviews virtual styling schedule a fitting make an appointment join our newsletter > thank you for signing up! by signing up you agree to our privacy policy make the most of custom. style recommendations and announcements. sign up products suits shirts blazers black tie pants outerwear accessories support faq & alterations concierge@blacklapel.com denver: 720-800-5705 boston: 617-763-2007 new york: 917-900-2655 online: 781-236-3559 privacy policy terms of use cookie policy accessibility company our story journal showrooms quality reviews all rights reserved | terms of use | privacy policy