来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20091027023744/http://www.ereplacementparts.com/blog
================================================================================

replacement power tool parts blog home about us sitemap power tool parts blog news and updates from ereplacementparts.com halloween chainsaw arm safety posted on | october 15, 2009 | no comments to address common questions and concerns about chainsaw safety, this week we added a chainsaw safety article to ereplacementparts.com’s articles section of our website. chainsaws can be one of the most dangerous types of power tools when used incorrectly, but they also provide an opportunity to tackle another important chainsaw topic: halloween. the month of october actually serves as a great season for do-it-yourself-ers who also happen to be halloween festival enthusiasts. think about all of those homemade haunted houses and creative yard displays you’ve seen over the years, all the plywood, drill-driving, sawing, and gluing. some communities even hold competitions between homeowners to judge whose ideas are the most creative. all of this activity doesn’t even include costumes, the most indispensable of halloween celebration gear. plenty of people make a project out of their costumes alone. how-to guides, tips, and ideas can be found most anywhere this time of year for just about any costume idea you can think of. take this “how to: make a chainsaw arm” article on instructables.com, inspired by the chainsaw-armed ash williams of the evil dead and army of darkness movies. their article provides steps for imaginative zombie slayers to build their own (pretend) gore-apparatus out of simple materials like an empty orange juice container, a dowel, some wooden board, paint, and a bike chain. in light of chainsaw safety, we appreciate this kind of advice as opposed to trick-or-treaters wildly swinging actual chainsaws over their heads out of holiday and/or cinematic zeal. other suggestions for chainsaw arms simply recommend adapting a toy chainsaw for the costume. some quick search engine searches will reveal ideas like wobbly walkways for trick-or-treaters, pvc pipe-stuffed bodies, creepy optical illusions, and even hydraulically-powered, corpse-ejecting coffins. most of these projects will require a power tool or two. whatever your endeavor this october, ereplacementparts.com offers its tool and machine parts services to its customers, keeping those power tools running great during this or any other diy season. if winning that costume or yard competition means that your power tools and machines are in good order, we hope you get first place. category: uncategorized, site announcements weedwacker bass strings not for lawn trimmers posted on | september 4, 2009 | no comments it’s time to get the old string trimmer some new cutting line: “i know,” (i might say to myself) “the internet! surely i can find the size, shape, and material of the exact cutting line i need on the internet, and with just a simple search!” not a bad idea actually. it’s true that the availability of everything, tool and machine parts included, has been made very convenient by the internet. most of the time, ending up at the right website is nothing more than some carefully chosen search words. but (of course there’s a “but”), what if those wisely, logically chosen words were, say, “weed wacker string,” to find that cutting line? well, depending on the search engine used, and depending on what you click, you might end up, here: http://www.gotofmi.com/upbaclkerowe.html, fantastic musical instruments, who sell, among other things, weedwacker nylon bass strings. and nope, not that kind of weed whacker. this might not make a lot of sense at first. why would a company sell a style of bass strings and call them “weedwacker” strings? well, the answer has to do with the kind of music they’re used for, rockabilly. what’s rockabilly? we’ll let wikipedia take care of that one, except to say that it has its roots in bluegrass music (like the “weed” in “weedwacker” bass strings), and that rockabilly bassists tend to play a lot of slap style bass. pretty clever actually. here’s what those bass strings look like: mixing up bass strings for trimmer line all the way through to an online purchase might sound like a long shot, but with a bass string brand like “weedwacker,” you might be surprised. if more musical instrument components had tool and machine part namesakes (and visa versa), there’d be rockabilly musicians playing percussion on power tool housings and construction workers mixing paint with drum sticks in no time. ok, maybe that’s taking it a little far, but the potential for a mix-up is there. not to mention how similar trimmer line looks to those bass strings. here’s some typical trimmer line: our customers won’t find weedwacker bass stings at ereplacementparts.com, although they look like fine bass strings. they will find over 250,000 individual tool and machine parts, including a wide variety of trimmer line. our website’s search features are accurate and fast, with a large, organized inventory system to back it up. mixing up bass strings for trimmer line isn’t an issue at ereplacementparts.com. what matters to us is getting our customers to the exact tool or machine part they’re looking for, down to every detail (trimmer line color included). category: uncategorized new youtube video posted on | june 26, 2009 | no comments ereplacementparts.com is pleased to announce that our new video, “replacing bad, cut, or damaged power cords” is now available on our youtube channel: http://www.youtube.com/user/ereplacementparts at present, we have 23 videos with topics ranging from, “how to remove a drill chuck” to the brand and model specific video, “how to change the blade clamp on the milwaukee sawzall.” in order to provide customers with the best information available, most of our videos have articles with written instructions that are easily accessible on our website at: http://www.ereplacementparts.com/power-tool-articles-c-8873.html as we continue to grow, so will the amount of information that we have available through our blog, our website, and our youtube channel. we welcome your comments and suggestions! please let us know if there is an educationalâ  power tool video or article that you would like to see us produce. category: uncategorized, site announcements power tool repair, news from our shop posted on | june 24, 2009 | no comments the 5412l in our shop each day our shop repairs a variety of power tools. some of the power tools we see have maintenance needs, such as replacing a damaged cord, cleaning out debris, lubricating moving parts, or replacing brushes. other power tools have more complex problems including bad armatures, missing gears, broken safety mechanisms, and just about anything else you may imagine. bosh laser tracking dual-bevel slide miter saw model: 5412-l today in our repair shop we had the opportunity to perform some simple maintenance issues on a bosch miter saw. this power tool also arrived with some broken safety parts that required immediate replacement. this power tool arrived with the following issues: temporary handle fix broken linkage broken lower handle broken upper handle cracked wheel guard missing rubber rollers (2 were needed for this repair) replacement part links: cracked wheel guard linkage: 2610915720 lower handle: 2610915737 upper handle: 2610915738 wheel guard: 2610927694 rubber rollers (2) : 2610915724 repair procedure: remove the broken linkage remove the lower and upper handles by removing the screws and the mounting hub (the mounting hub is a 2 part metal piece) remove the broken wheel guard attach the new linkage the lower and upper handles attach together with screws make sure the wiring for the handle switch fits snug, without kinks tighten the screws attach the wheel guard using the lock nut, if it is too loose, it will rattle. if it is too tight, the wheel guard will not slide smoothly attach one rubber roller on each side of the wheel guard when this work is complete, check your angles and make sure your blade lines up square. category: common repairs, project ideas, repair articles, tool repair forumtags: bosch > miter saws friday’s top 10 television edition posted on | june 19, 2009 | 2 comments top 10 television shows with prominently featured power tools (none of these tv shows feature power tools being used for violence) 10. extreme makeover: home edition: you will probably not learn how to renovate your own home in 7 days, but you may catch the spirit of giving and selflessness in this ironic spin off of a show that emphasized vanity through extreme surgical procedures that often took participants away from their families for months in preparation for “the reveal.” 9. home improvement (every episode): a fictional tv family, with a diy dad, comically demonstrates what not to do in your workshop. 8. dream house: from finding the land to installing the kitchen sink, this show takes you through each step of building your home. 7. don’t sweat it: a show that tackles the projects you never seem to finish. 6. hammer heads: three builders come to your home to complete substantial projects in a weekend. episodes include creating backyard retreats, installing a pool cabana, and creating private spaces for kids sharing one room. 5. the new yankee workshop: norm abram teaches you master woodworking skills. 4. this old house: classic show that introduces old school homes to modern conveniences. 3. take home handyman: a great show that really takes you through the steps of using your power tools, instead of simply showing you the finished product. 2. toolbelt diva: host norma vally guides diy beginners through projects using tools that you are likely to already own. 1. cool tools: a cutting edge look at power tools to come and awesome innovations on those we know and trust. category: friday's top 10, uncategorized fix common power tool problems posted on | june 17, 2009 | no comments imagine that you are in the middle of putting together the swing set that you have promised your kids you would do since christmas. you notice that your drill has been running a little funny, but then your drill stops working. common power tool problems two things that can be easy and 	affordable to replace are the brushes and the switch. the only thing 	that stands between you and the inside of many of your power tools 	is a screwdriver. for more information, check out our article: 	replacement power tool parts: is it the carbon brushes or the 	switch? check your cord on your power 	tools. if you find that your cord has signs of wear or is pulling 	away from the body of your tool, it’s a good idea to replace the 	cord for your safety and the heath of the tool. for information on 	how to complete this project, check out our article about replacing 	bad, cut, or damaged power cords on your power tools. for your cordless power tools, 	check your battery. to test your battery, use a multitester. if it 	is time to replace your battery, please check out our article about 	cordless power tool battery disposal and recycling. ereplacementparts.com repair forum many tips and tricks can be found on our repair forum, where you are welcome to join, ask questions, and share your knowledge with power tool enthusiasts around the country. category: common repairs, repair articles, tool repair forum friday’s top 10 posted on | june 12, 2009 | no comments top 10 generator safety tips: 10. your generator is for outdoor use only. 9. use a battery powered carbon monoxide detector when running your generator. 8. keep your operating and instruction manual in a place that is safe and easy to find. you may want to consider keeping your manual with your generator. if you do not have the generator manual, you may be able to find one for your model on our site or you may check with the manufacturer. 7. always use fresh gasoline (less than 30 days old). if you have gas in your generator and will not be using it for 30 days or more, add a fuel stabilizer to your gas. 6. not just any extension cord will do: make sure you have an extension cord that is grounded and rated for the capacity you need. 5. avoid coiling your extension cords. a coiled cord will get hot and likely cause burns. 4. keep a record of your generator’s maintenance. 3. be aware of your generator’s surroundings. combustible materials must be kept away from your generator. do not store cloths, shop towels, or anything that can burn near your generator. combustible materials + your running generator = fire! 2. your generator must not be plugged directly into your home outlet. follow the instructions in your manual or consult a qualified electrician. 1. replace worn out or broken generator parts immediately. ereplacementparts.com carries generator replacement parts for the following models: black and decker devilbiss dewalt hitachi makita milwaukee porter cable category: friday's top 10 power tool storage and maintenance posted on | june 3, 2009 | no comments power tool storage keep your power tools away from the elements, such as moisture, by putting them back in their cases, cabinets, or other safe and clean storage areas you have. sure, when you are in the middle of a job it is easier to leave things out and ready for the next day, but doing so may put your power tools at risk, especially if you are leaving them outside. if you are working indoors, make sure your work area has good ventilation. power tools need air too! safety first! when storing your power tools, be sure to be safe. piling tools on unstable shelves or leaving them in areas where small hands may explore is dangerous and preventable. many storage cases and cabinets come with a locking mechanism or are easily adaptable for a simple padlock. power tool maintenance at the end of each day, or job, take some time to clean your power tools before you properly store them. here are some tips for power tool maintenance that will keep your investments in great shape for a long time: use a toothbrush and a soft cloth to wipe debris from the casing of your power tool. if you have one, use an air compressor to clean out the vents of your power tool. a little air will go a long way. your power tool will run cooler if you take the time to let it breathe! lubricate your power tool parts that need to be lubricated. check the parts that hold your power tools together; if a screw is loose, tighten it. check your cords! a bad power tool cord is dangerous and needs replacement prior to any further use. keep your blades sharp. if you do not know how to do this, please consult a professional. consult your power tool manual and do not be afraid to ask questions. power tool part replacement the power tools of today are designed to last longer and most of the parts are replaceable. whether you need a replacement part: new cord, a switch, carbon brushes, or a replacement accessory, at ereplacementparts.com we believe in the life of your power tool. the investment you make should not walk out the door when parts are replaceable. we want to make your life easier and it is our goal that you are able to find the power tool replacement parts you need. ereplacementparts.com repair forum many tips and tricks can be found on our repair forum, where you are welcome to join, ask questions, and share your knowledge with power tool enthusiasts around the country. category: uncategorized top 10 tools to begin with posted on | may 29, 2009 | no comments 10. cordless drill 9. cordless screwdriver 8. palm sander 7. nail gun 6. portable air compressor 5. self-propelling lawnmower (one that will bag or mulch your grass clippings) 4. grass trimmer (for those areas your lawnmower may not reach; great for weeds too) 3. wet/dry vacuum 2. laser level 1. multi-tool (dremel and fein are easy to find) category: friday's top 10 tuesday tool review posted on | may 26, 2009 | no comments dremel 400 series xpr rotary tool awesome tool + awesome price when friends heard that i purchased a dremel, the most common response was, “i didn’t know you did crafts.” well, for the most part, my friends are correct – i do not do crafts. i purchased the dremel 400 xpr rotary tool because of the product’s claims that it is capable of more projects than you can possibly think of! the kit i purchased for $79.95, is the 400-3/41h 400 series xpr rotary tool kit. this kit comes with the dremel rotary tool, a hard plastic case that holds the tool, accessory cases (with accessories) that snap to the top of the case, and labeled areas in the case for the numerous parts and accessories that are available for this versatile tool. with my new dremel in hand, i removed rust from the rain gutter above my deck, polished the calcium deposits from my bathtub faucet, created a better fit for my deadbolt, and cleaned years of use and abuse from my outdoor grill. each project was completed with ease and a sense of satisfaction that i had wisely invested in a tool that is limited only by my imagination. specifications cord is 6 feet long replaceable brushes speed is variable, offering 5000 to 35,000 rpm weighs in at 18.8 oz, just over a pound included accessories highlights circle cutter grinding stone lawn and garden tool polishing compound sharpener 191 high speed cutter plus more pros: dremel 400 xpr rotary tool reasonable price versatility available accessories size and weight it is fun to use! cons: dremel 400 xpr rotary tool this is a corded model, so it is not able to go “everywhere” the learning curve is a bit steep, so be prepared to make mistakes. to avoid making mistakes, try out your moves on scrap material first. category: tool reviews keep looking » pages about us sitemap archives october 2009 september 2009 june 2009 may 2009 april 2009 march 2009 february 2009 december 2008 november 2008 october 2008 august 2008 july 2008 april 2008 march 2008 june 2007 september 2006 august 2006 march 2006 february 2006 categories about ereplacementparts.com accessories articles common repairs featured friday's top 10 how-tos lawn and garden power tools product lines project ideas repair articles site announcements tool repair forum tool reviews uncategorized search for: about welcome to the official blog for ereplacementparts.com. we are an online leader providing replacement parts and accessories for power tools and outdoor power equipment. this blog contains product reviews, repair articles, and news about ereplacementparts.com. subscribe to our feed search account register log in elements of seo is powered by wordpress | accessible website development - alibi productions