来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20101230110305/http://www.ereplacementparts.com/blog/
================================================================================

replacement power tool parts blog return to ereplacementparts.com home about us sitemap power tool parts blog news and updates from ereplacementparts.com husqvarna parts for seasonal lawn & garden repairs posted on | october 22, 2010 | no comments husqvarna is the world's largest producer of lawn & garden equipment, and the company is especially famous for its industry-leading chainsaw designs. just last month, husqvarna chainsaws again claimed an impressive presence and performance record at this year's world logging championship. the competition was held in zagreb, croatia where nine out of the twelve metals won went to loggers using husqvarna brand chainsaws. events tested loggers' skills in limbing, bucking by combined cuts, tree felling, and precision bucking. if you're not impressed by husqvarna's prowess in competitive logging events (they're also the world's largest chainsaw manufacturer, after all), it might help to consider all that husqvarna products do outside of the professional sector. for starters, the company offers large lines of custom fit homeowner and landowner models in lawnmowers, chainsaws, blowers, riding mowers, zero turn mowers, robotic mowers, and more. husqvarna even boasts the world's only robotic mower with a built in solar panel: fall is a popular time to service all kinds of lawn and garden machines. most gas-powered tools get tuned up, winterized, and stored, while chainsaws, blowers, and log splitters stay out to finish up the season's work. now professional and non-professional chainsaw owners worldwide can order their o.e.m. husqvarna chainsaw parts from the  ereplacementparts.com professional parts warehouse. whether a professional, landowner or homeowner, ereplacementparts.com is your one-stop online parts resource for husqvarna replacement parts. husqvarna mower parts and husqvarna blower parts–like fuel lines and spark plugs–are also just a few clicks away! category: uncategorized appliance repair tips for kitchenaid mixer parts and attachments posted on | october 11, 2010 | no comments homeowners need access to two important resources to make their at-home appliance repairs possible. first, they need an accurate, dependable parts ordering service for their tools, appliances, and machines. then, after their parts arrive, they need the right professional repair information to guide their work. with the launch of small appliance parts on our site, the ereplacementparts.com appliance repair team has been hard at work to pass along essential insider repair techniques to homeowners, starting with kitchenaid mixers. kitchenaid stand mixers offer good examples of repairs that can be done at home to save money, because many kitchenaid mixer parts are expected to wear and require replacement down the road. here are some professional kitchenaid stand mixer repair tips straight from the ereplacementparts.com appliance repair center! when a kitchenaid mixer isn't spinning a planetary that isn't spinning is a common breakdown for kitchenaid mixers, but it rarely means the end of your valuable appliance. most of the time, a mixer's planetary will stop spinning because one of its gears has failed inside the gearbox, and the worm gear is usually the one responsible. luckily, taking apart a kitchenaid mixer to replace one of its gears is a repair that homeowners can easily manage, even though it can take a little time. the mess can be a little fun, actually, and the money saved at the shop is definitely worth it. read our "how to fix a kitchenaid mixer that isn't spinning" article to get the full scoop on this repair. the article describes detailed, step-by-step instructions for how to disassemble a kitchenaid stand mixer, how to replace a kitchenaid mixer worm gear, and how to reassemble the machine. kitchenaid stand mixer grease the gearbox on a kitchenaid mixer is filled with grease. over time and use, the grease in the gearbox can leak or go bad for a number of reasons. in the case of a leaking kitchenaid mixer, opening up the machine and replacing the old grease with new grease is usually the best way to fix the problem. replacing the mixer's transmission gasket is sometimes necessary to fix the leak. look to the ereplacementparts.com articles section in the coming weeks for repair articles and video demonstrations on how to repair a leaking kitchenaid stand mixer! kitchenaid mixer speed adjustment a kitchenaid mixer's speed control can sometimes come out of adjustment. fixing this problem requires removing the back housing of the mixer to expose the electrical components that control the mixer's motor, then, several screws on the mixer's control board have to be carefully adjusted. this repair requires the use of a special calibrating tool provided to repair centers. our appliance repair center gave us a look at how the adjustment is done with the spinning calibration wheel. when the kitchenaid beater hits the mixer bowl ever turned your stand mixer on just to hear the beater clank against the bowl? well, aside from being loud, the spinning beater making contact with the metal bowl actually causes unnecessary wear to that valuable kitchenaid attachment. when it's time to replace a kitchenaid attachment for "natural causes," we hope you visit ereplacementparts.com to get the beaters and other mixer attachments you need. in the meantime, ereplacementparts.com wants you to get the most out of your appliance and its attachments, so our appliance repair team has put together this handy article on how to adjust the beater on a kitchenaid stand mixer. you can also watch the article's demonstration video below! this video was embedded using the youtuber plugin by roy tanck. adobe flash player is required to view the video. special thanks to teri, aj, josh, and gordon at the appliance service center–the newest ereplace office–for their expert help on these repairs! start your kitchenaid stand mixer repair by typing your mixer's model number in any ereplacementparts.com search field. kitchenaid attachments and parts are available to order on your machine's parts page. category: common repairs, uncategorized, site announcements five small appliance parts and repairs posted on | october 4, 2010 | no comments small appliances contribute to our lives as much as other tools and machines, and many small appliances see daily, heavy use to brew our coffee, cook our food, and otherwise make large, impossible jobs small and manageable. performing at-home repairs–like on small appliances–saves people money and is easier to tackle than you might think, usually only requiring common hand tools, like a screwdriver. with the launch of small appliance parts here at the ereplacementparts.com online warehouse, now is a better time than ever to put money back in your pocket. some of us might be familiar with replacing a lawn mower blade or band saw tire, but not so sure about common appliance breakdowns and their repairs. so, just to get warmed up, here are five common appliance service issues and the appliance replacement parts that can save them from a trip to the yard sale blanket. breville appliances, like slow cookers, juicers, and espresso machines, are some of the most high quality, owner-appreciated kitchen tools around. a solid appliance like the the breville blxl800 die-cast hemisphere blender is not intended to land in the "give-away" box after just a holiday season or two. but like any powered machine, blenders and other appliances are designed with wear parts that are meant to take the brunt of heat and friction. in the case of blenders, replacement blender couplings are an example of a common blender replacement part that can be replaced right at home without the cost of a repair shop. take advantage of the fast, accurate ereplacementparts ordering system to get the breville parts you need delivered right to your house. even a large part like a replacement blender glass jug can put your appliance back in service at a fraction of the cost of a new machine the time-tested kitchenaid mixer is the kind of kitchen appliance that really can last decades. its weight alone should tell you that it's not supposed to go anywhere any time soon. one of their gears–called a worm gear–is a wear part meant for replacement down the road, can be replaced at home after a little disassembly, and is an inexpensive way to get more value out of your mixer. ereplacementparts now stocks a full inventory of kitchenaid parts ready for order, including kitchenaid mixer bowls, attachments, and worm gears! are mr. coffee machines another worthy candidate for parts ordering and at-home repair? sure! ereplacementparts.com now stocks o.e.m. mr. coffee replacement parts for all types of mr. coffee appliances. for example, the next time your mr. coffee jwx31 coffee maker needs a replacement brew funnel or decanter lid, you can take its model number straight to our part finder instead of taking the machine to the trash. your mr. coffee replacement part will be mailed right to your home before you know it. are you strangely attached to your oster appliance? considering the jobs that oster breadmakers, rice cookers, and can openers do, feeling a little emptiness in your life when a small parts issue makes them unusable is understandable. a common appliance part like a replacement crumb tray doesn't need to come between you and your perfectly toasted morning bagel. get oster parts here at ereplace for this oster 6317 2 slice toaster, as well as any other oster parts you may need for any of their major appliance lines. from waffle makers to deep fryers, even the tough, famous sunbeam brand of appliances can be maintained with good repair practice. order sunbeam parts from ereplacementparts.com to get your kitchen operating at full capacity again, like parts for this sunbeam rg12 indoor grill. just because parts like power cords and timer knobs can come and go, it doesn't mean your grill has to! ereplacementparts.com is here to turn every household repair possibility into a repair opportunity, and we're proud to do that by putting the o.e.m. parts that homeowners need into the homes where those repairs need to happen. category: uncategorized power wheels parts and household machine repair posted on | september 28, 2010 | no comments tool and machine owners just beginning at-home repair often mention how becoming repair-minded makes it easier to spot money-saving opportunities. before you know it, you find yourself applying your parts replacement knowledge to all kinds of machines. it can also be surprising how many tools and machines we start to notice that actually contribute to our lives, ones we hadn't given a second thought before. among the common household machines that power our lives–like vacuums, blenders and mixers–the popular power wheels ride-on vehicles might be some of those that get overlooked the most. don't be too quick to call these battery powered cars mere toys. power wheels are larger than the average power tool and lawn & garden machine, and they represent an equally substantial financial investment for their owners. like all machines, power wheels are in need of regular maintenance and the occasional parts replacement. rolling that power wheels car out of the garage on a sunny day just to find it inoperable can be disappointing. we're happy to announce our support of power wheels parts here at ereplacementparts.com, helping diy parents keep those awesome toys on the roa . . . uh  . . . sidewalk with our specialized online parts ordering system. power wheels vehicles are much like large, cordless electric power tools, being that they have an electric motor powered by a 6 or 12 volt battery. in fact, if you're a power wheels owner you may already know that a power wheels battery replacement is one of the most common power wheels repairs. with the ereplacementparts.com streamlined parts matching search and breakdown schematics, it only takes seconds to find a matching battery for your power wheels product. simply type the model number of your child's power wheels in our parts finder and you will navigate straight to your product's parts page! power wheels batteries can be ordered on ereplacementparts.com from anywhere, and, with our international shipping service, they can be shipped anywhere too. ordering an extra battery to have on hand is as convenient as can be. perhaps not surprisingly, wheels  tend to be the next most common parts replacement for power wheels ride-ons. power wheels wheels are obviously essential for the vehicle's function, and the good news is that they're easy to find and replace with the help of ereplaceparts. search for your power wheels wheel replacement with the product model number and look to ereplacementparts.com's articles and videos section in the coming weeks for detailed instructions on common power wheels repairs! category: uncategorized vacuum parts and at-home repair posted on | september 17, 2010 | no comments do-it-yourself-ers experienced with tool and machine repair can tell you that saving money is one of the biggest perks of taking repair matters into their own hands. combine that substantially-lighter shop bill with our fast and accurate ordering and shipping services here at ereplacementparts.com, and home tool repair becomes more of a hobby than a chore in no time. more and more tool and machine owners everywhere are finding out how easy it is to begin a regular practice of proper tool maintenance and repair. with the addition of the vacuum parts section to the ereplace inventory, diy repairmen have a new area of home machine repair to benefit from. with parts pages and schematic breakdowns for every vacuum model, our site gives customers the confidence of knowing that the right o.e.m vacuum part is on the way. many tool and machine owners who are already experienced with repairing saws, lawn trimmers, and grinders may not be familiar with vacuum repair. and many vacuum owners may have little or no experience with repairs at all. we'd like to offer a few reasons why home vacuum repair is a smart idea for every vacuum owner: why should i repair my own vacuum? 1. combine parts orders. if you're already in the practice of tool repair, then you're already ordering seasonally replaced parts for things like tune-ups on gas-powered equipment. wear parts, like electrical power tool carbon brushes, are also parts that are best-replaced at regular intervals. likewise, there are several vacuum replacement parts that also wear at regular intervals. vacuum agitator belts and vacuum filters should be replaced so regularly, in fact, that it's a very good idea to have a couple spares lying around for when it's time. that way, you're never without the use of your vacuum while you wait for a minor part like a belt to arrive in the mail. 2. don't be without the use of your vacuum. often, a part of a machine will break that doesn't stop the machine from working. such is the case with vacuums too. traditionally, something like a cracked housing that doesn't greatly affect the operation of the cleaner would still put the vacuum in a shop for a few days or more while the part was being replaced. thanks to convenience and precision of ereplacementparts.com's online parts ordering system, a non-essential part failure doesn't have to separate you from the use of your vacuum. for parts like vacuum housings, just order the part right here on our site and keep putting that machine to work while we pack the part up and ship it out. 3. we offer professional step-by-step instructions for vacuum repair and parts replacement. as part of our vacuum parts launch, erepalcementparts.com is ready to offer both parts and information to help vacuum owners with their home repairs. visit our articles section to read these helpful repair articles: "how to replace a vacuum belt" vacuum belt replacements are one of the most common vacuum repairs. it's simple and fast. "how to replace a vacuum cord" watch this article's repair video for a demonstration! "vacuum filter buying guide" read about the ins and outs of vacuum filter types, features, pros, and cons. take advantage of home vacuum repair with the dirt devil parts, electrolux parts, eureka parts, hoover parts, sanitaire parts, royal parts, and shop-vac parts inventories now available at ereplacementparts.com we're proud to provide the most complete repair parts and information services on the web, and even prouder to have customers who know what to do with them. category: uncategorized milwaukee parts and accessories that lengthen tool life posted on | august 23, 2010 | no comments when it comes to manufacturer enthusiasm and loyalty, milwaukee tool owners are some of the most devoted customers around. homeowners and professionals with strong brand preferences often show their appreciation by displaying their favorite tool company logo for all to see. a cool sign in the garage and a of couple stickers for the work truck and tool boxes are usually all it takes for most us make a statement. but posters and bumper stickers sometimes just aren't enough for fans of milwaukee tools. thanks to the "milwaukee ink" section on their website, milwaukee tool buffs can now show off how they've taken their support to a more personal and . . . permanent level by posting pictures of their milwaukee logo tattoos. the performance of milwaukee's heavy duty, long lasting, time tested lines of power tools helps to explain what might inspire someone to brandish the electric-looking logo on their skin. many tool users spend every day working closely with the equipment that makes their jobs possible. and when it comes to professional crafts and trades, a good tool company's products can stay with a user just as long (and as a permanently) as a body decoration. to put it simply, great tools become a part of us over time. milwaukee has been busy responding to customer expectations by innovating their tools to match the permanency of their customer's loyalty. here are some new milwaukee tool parts and accessories on the market that give value back to users: the new milwaukee shockwave drill bits and impact driver accessories are designed for up to ten times the life of conventional bits! a "shockzone" taper in the bits allows for flexibility that makes them less brittle, while the bits' heat treated steel further strengthens them against breaking. forged steel heads and their other features make them perfect for high stress impact driving. to update their v28 series of cordless power tools released in 2005, milwaukee has also released the new m28 li-ion battery and new m28 cordless tool line. the m28 batteries (pictured above with an m28 drill/driver) include several improvements upon the old v28 models. advanced electronics in the m28 optimize battery charging and overall life. the m28 has the same convenient lighting features included on the v28 that display battery charge, and, best of all, they are completely compatible with the old v28 cordless tools! this means that v28 milwaukee tool owners can upgrade the performance of their investments with confident cross-compatibility. ereplacementparts.com also goes out of its way to help dedicated tool users get the most out of their products. our website's information tools put the power of professional tool repair in the hands of every user. use our milwaukee tool parts breakdown diagrams, smart search features, and detailed parts pages for accurate parts matching. also, our tool repair articles section is a database of specific, professional quality repair instructions, advice, and demonstration videos for tools of all brands, including milwaukee. for example, take a look at our article (and video) on "how to change the milwaukee sawzall quik-lok blade clamp assembly." like the milwaukee company, we're determined here at ereplacementparts to help tool owners stay on the job. our professional level parts replacement and repair help can improve upon the service life of even the industry's toughest machines. category: uncategorized save money with rockwell tools, and save more with rockwell tool parts posted on | august 2, 2010 | no comments rockwell tool parts are the another proud addition to the ereplacementparts.com inventory of o.e.m. power tool and equipment parts! the rockwell company uses an ambitious manufacturing and marketing approach, that of convincing tool owners that they don't have to spend so much money to purchase quality tools. with a consumer-minded deemphasis on expensive marketing strategies that drive tool costs up, rockwell allows the quality of their products to define themselves without the help of a flashy price tags. believe it or not, but it's actually a bit of a challenge to persuade tool buyers that cost doesn't always equal performance and value when it comes to power tools. for example, rockwell boasts its sonicrafter oscillating tool as one of the most durable and versatile tools on the market. it's super high frequency oscillation delivers scratchless sanding and precision cutting at a fraction the cost of comparable tool models. for more heavy-duty applications, rockwell offers its "shop series" of commercial grade tools and shop machines. the rockwell rc3135k hammer drill pictured above is one that belongs to the shop series, offering professional grade tool power at very reasonable prices. ereplacementparts.com and rockwell seem a good fit to us, if nothing else than because both of our companies do everything we can to put money back in the pockets of professional and non-professional tool owners everywhere. quality o.e.m. parts replacement and the right repair know-how can save professionals–and even homeowners–hundreds to thousands of dollars at the repair shop each year, and we've made it our mission to quickly and efficiently put those parts and that repair knowledge in their hands. rockwell tool owners can save cash double-time by combining the value and reasonable prices of rockwell tools with  the money-saving convenience of ereplacementparts.com's online parts ordering service. see our rockwell parts page to view our inventory of o.e.m. rockwell tool parts, including rockwell cordless drill parts and rockwell grinder parts. category: product lines, uncategorized going places with worx electric tool parts posted on | july 16, 2010 | no comments the worx brand of electric power tools and outdoor machines carries a distinguished and specialized reputation, that of making high-powered electrical tools in several corded and cordless varieties. now, ereplacementparts.com offers its cutting edge online ordering and shipping services for worx tool and equipment parts. of course, electric power tools are no big news to the industry, but worx is a company with extensive electric-only outdoor equipment lines, including powerful cordless lawn mowers and trimmers! according to their mission statement, the worx company has set out to make "innovative outdoor power tools that make yard work easier." so, just how does switching to electric yard tools make the difference in your work load? electric tools are lighter than gas-powered tools. no need to buy, store, and refill fuel. they are much cleaner, making tool maintenance easier. because they have fewer parts, electric tools tend to break less often and are much easier to service. little to no tool maintenance with electric machines, such as winterizing and tune-ups. and that list is just getting started. in addition to these functional advantages, electric tools are also much better for the environment since they do not directly consume gasoline and do not emit exhaust. the worx wg780 electric lawn mower pictured to the left is a great example of how they have brought real ergonomics and power to the cordless yard tool industry. the wg780 uses a large 24v battery that is easily removed from the mower for charging, and it can mow over 17,000 sq. ft. on just a single charge! the worx wg780 is just one example of the worx lawn mower parts now available at ereplacementparts.com. some tool users might be skeptical of cordless yard tools because they've heard that they can take a long time to charge. well, that may be true for other electric yard tool brands, but not worx. the worx wg151.5 cordless trimmer operates on a high tech lithium ion battery that only requires 30 minutes to charge! get parts for this worx tool and other worx trimmer parts now right here at ereplacementparts.com! although the repairs for electric power tools tend to be easier and less costly than those of gas-powered machines, electric tools and machines still have a number of parts that are designed for wear and replacement. keep an eye on your worx carbon brushes, switches, batteries and power cords when it comes to worx tools replacement parts, and you'll be able to get gas-powered life and performance out of your worx yard tool. category: product lines, uncategorized power your summer recreation with kawasaki generator parts posted on | june 30, 2010 | no comments because of their reputations as emergency-response machines, one of the most popular uses for gas-powered generators is often overlooked. generator sizes and designs go well beyond the large, stationary kinds used as backups. far from being near-permanent home fixtures, portable generator designs offer gas-to-electric power for applications outside of the home, and not all of those applications are necessarily work-related. the kawasaki brand of small engines and power products offers great examples of generator models that are made to accommodate that time-honored summer activity–rving. when it comes to recreating in style and comfort, nothing quite beats having a well-suited portable generator to recharge those rv batteries, to power extra appliances, or even to light up your camping area at night. the kawasaki ge2900a is exactly the kind of power vacation tool we're talking about. the ge2900 is portable, can deliver up to eleven hours of continuous operation, 2400 watts of continuous power, and weighs just over one hundred pounds. if this kind of power equipment application sounds like it's up your alley, then allow us to offer any rvers out there some quick generator advice that will ensure that your high-octane holiday goes off without a hitch. even though a good road trip depends on the principle of thorough planning, it's really easy to forget about all the parts that a generator might need to keep running smoothly while you're out on the open trail. since a well-used generator might call for repairs or maintenance at any time–as any machine can–we recommend that vacationers pack a few spare generator parts along for the ride. here are a few generator parts that might save your vacation from coming to halt: * a spark plug * air filters * oil filters * a new start cord * a backup power cord these common generator replacement parts can be installed pretty much anywhere. just make sure to bring along some hand tools to help you work on the generator's engine. we offer our signature parts ordering and shipping services for kawasaki powered products, including kawasaki generator parts. a home power outage with a busted generator and no parts to fix it would be more than inconvenient. not being able power your rv's mini fridge at the campsite might be a tragedy. category: project ideas, uncategorized replace murray parts for great lawn cutting posted on | june 23, 2010 | no comments getting that professionally-cut look with your murry mower might be easier than you think. whether or not a lawn is cut correctly affects both the way the lawn looks and the health of your grass. good mowing certainly depends on the operator using proper technique, but a well-mowed lawn begins long before the mower is even out of the garage. of course, we're talking about mower maintenance and repair. grass cutting problems like scalping, streaking, and uneven rows can often be prevented with a few equipment checks and service. below, we explain which murray mower parts are most responsible for giving your grass a clean, even shave, and how to check and maintain them. the mower blade- the blade on your murray mower is obviously the part of the machine most directly-responsible for getting the job done, but the reasons why a mower blade might not cut properly might not always be so obvious. * check mower blade sharpness. * check mower blade wear level. * check mower blade installation. * check mower blade for damage. dull mower blades can cause streaking and uneven rows. sharpening or replacing the blades will solve the problem. if your murray mower blade has dulled to the point of heavy wear, then it should be replaced with a new one. damaged and/or improperly installed mower blades can cause even more noticeable mowing problems, like stepped rows and scalping. reinstall blades that have been installed incorrectly and replace damaged blades. the mower tires- because a mower's tires have to do with its balance and levelness, problems in that area of a mower can also cause cutting pattern problems. * check that inflatable tires are inflated correctly. * inspect the tires for proper installation. * look for tire damage. tire problems most commonly cause "stepped" row patterns that slant toward the direction of whichever tire is unduly lower than the other. proper inflation and installation of both tires solves this problem. the mower deck- a number of problems can occur with the mower's deck that affect grass cutting patterns. * using a scraping tool, unclog and clean under the mower deck. * check that the mower deck is level. a very dirty and/or clogged mower deck can cause several kinds of cutting pattern issues, including uneven rows, streaking, and even patches of uncut grass. remember to use a scraping tool to clean under the deck. never use water to clean under a mower deck. a mis-adjusted deck will set the mower at a slant and cause stepped rows. leveling the deck will quickly take care of the issue. cutting pattern issues are occasionally caused by damage mower decks which must be replaced. plenty of these cutting pattern issues are solved with a little tlc or a quick adjustment, but the more serious causes require repairs. for your murray mower repairs, using official o.e.m. murray parts the next time you need a new deck or mower blade can give you the confidence of knowing that your parts replacement includes the highest quality parts available on the market. get your o.e.m. murray parts right here at ereplacementparts.com, where you can find all the parts and information you need to get professional performance out of your outdoor equipment. category: common repairs, featured keep looking » pages about us sitemap archives december 2010 november 2010 october 2010 september 2010 august 2010 july 2010 june 2010 may 2010 april 2010 march 2010 february 2010 january 2010 december 2009 november 2009 october 2009 september 2009 june 2009 may 2009 april 2009 march 2009 february 2009 december 2008 november 2008 october 2008 august 2008 july 2008 april 2008 march 2008 june 2007 september 2006 august 2006 march 2006 february 2006 categories about ereplacementparts.com accessories common repairs featured friday's top 10 how-tos lawn and garden power tools product lines project ideas repair articles site announcements tool repair forum tool reviews uncategorized search for: about welcome to the official blog for ereplacementparts.com. we are an online leader providing replacement parts and accessories for power tools and outdoor power equipment. this blog contains product reviews, repair articles, and news about ereplacementparts.com. subscribe to our feed search admin register log in wordpress xhtml sitemap official blog of ereplacementparts.com | facebook twitter grab this