来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20101230110305/http://www.ereplacementparts.com/faq.php
================================================================================

information and frequently asked questions : ereplacementparts.com my account  |  sign in  |  shopping cart (0)  |  checkout call us toll free 866-802-6383 we're here to help! 6:30-5:00 mon-fri, mountain time search model number part number power tool parts black and decker partsbosch partsbostitch partscampbell hausfeld partschicago pneumatic partsdelta partsdevilbiss partsdewalt partsdremel partsfein partsflex partsgrip-rite partshitachi partsjenny partsjet partsknaack partsmakita partsmax partsmetabo partsmilwaukee partsmk diamond partspanasonic partsporter cable partspowermate partspowermatic partsridgid partsrockwell partsrolair partsrotozip partsryobi partssenco partsskil partsweather guard partswilton partsworx parts lawn and garden parts black and decker partsbolens partsbriggs and stratton partsecho partshomelite partshonda partshusqvarna partskarcher partskawasaki partskohler partsmakita partsmtd partsmurray partsparamount partspoulan partsryobi partsshindaiwa partstanaka partstoro partstroy-bilt partsweed eater partsyard machines partsyard man parts vacuum parts dirt devil partselectrolux partseureka partshoover partsroyal partssanitaire partsshop-vac parts household parts braun partsbreville partsdelonghi partskitchenaid partsmr. coffee partsoster partspower wheels partspresto partsremington partssunbeam partswaring parts other links accessoriesarticlesshop by tool typesmall engine parts power tool parts home  information and frequently asked questions information and frequently asked questions on this page you will find general information about using this website and related policies and information. if you have any questions regarding this information or if you can't find an answer to your questions, please feel free to contact us either by email or by calling 866-802-6383. table of contents privacy policy website security and secure ordering contact us location and hours payment options ▪ credit and debit cards ▪ checks and money orders ▪ cod ▪ net-30 and open accounts return policy corporate, government accounts about us special order items ▪ back ordered parts ▪ discontinued parts shipping information ▪ order lead times ▪ package transit times ▪ international shipping changing or canceling existing orders privacy policy we take customer privacy very seriously at ereplacementparts.com. our privacy policy is simple: we will never sell or distribute any of your personal information for any reason, ever. your name, address, email address, and telephone number are carefully guarded. additionally, our company will not send you any marketing email or make telemarketing phone calls. we do send out confirmation email when a customer orders from us. you will receive an email when you create an account, when you order, and when your order is shipped out. sometimes it is necessary to call or email a customer regarding their order. unless we're sending out confirmation email, informing a customer about their order, or making arrangements for package delivery, customers will not hear from us until they order again. website security and secure ordering we take every precaution to ensure the safety and security of our website. our checkout pages are protected by 128-bit encryption, and if your browser supports it 256-bit encryption, to ensure that your personal information is transmitted securely. when placing a credit card order, the credit card information is transferred through a high security channel for processing. our customers can be confident that they're ordering from a secure, reputable website. our website is checked each day by mcafee and geotrust to verify general security, and by authorize.net to verify credit card security. you can verify that ereplacementparts.com has been checked for security within the last 24 hours by clicking the icons below: online payments contact us email we can be reached 24 hours per day by sending a direct email to the following address: info@ereplacementparts.com messages can also be sent using our internal email message system here.  we will respond to all email within 2-3 business days. telephone we can be reached by telephone from 8:30 am - 5:00 pm monday through friday, mountain time (10:30 am - 7:00 pm eastern time). toll-free: 866-802-6383 local:  801-561-4455 fax:  801-352-0352 location and hours we are located in sandy, utah in the united states.  you can visit us at our salt lake valley location here: 564 w 9320 s sandy, ut 84070 get directions our local store and power tool repair shop is called a1 industrial tools and service.  you can visit the a1 industrial website here.  our local customers have full access to our power tool parts inventory with the same pricing as our online store.  we also offer repair services for all power tool brands listed on our website.  our store hours are from 8:30 am - 5:00 pm monday through friday. payment options credit or debit cards the majority of our orders are placed using credit cards or debit cards. we accept visa, mastercard, discover, and american express.  debit cards are fully accepted and our system will run your debit card as a credit card and a pin number will not be required.  as described in our website security section, credit and debit cards are processed securely using 128-bit encryption. as an added security measure, credit card numbers are not stored anywhere in our computer systems.  if you would prefer to place your order by phone, please feel free to contact us toll-free at 866-802-6383. because many of our orders involve special ordering items for customers, we do require payment up front for all orders.  your card will be charged when you place your order, not when the order is shipped out. it is possible to see your order appear on your credit card statement or online bank statement before your order is shipped. checks or money orders we do accept checks and money orders as payment.  if you prefer to pay using a check or money order, we must receive the payment before beginning to process your order.  please make checks payable to ereplacementparts.com.  we are unable to accept checks made out to "power tool parts" or "makita parts" or other such names.  send checks to: ereplacementparts.com ordering department 564 w 9320 s sandy, ut 84070 the easiest way to calculate your order total is to visit our website and add parts to your shopping cart as you normally would.  when you receive the total, including shipping, make the check out for that amount.  we are unable to ship orders which do not include shipping costs.  please also include a detailed list of which parts you need, specifically part numbers, along with your shipping and contact information.  if you have questions, please call us at 866-802-6383 (8:30am-5:00pm m-f mountain time). cod ereplacementparts.com does not accept cod deliveries for orders. we must receive payment before shipping any order. net-30 open accounts ereplacementparts.com does offer open accounts to our corporate, government, and high volume customers.  please see our corporate accounts section for more information. return policy we try to make returns as easy and painless for our customers as possible.  the vast majority of orders are returnable regardless of the item ordered.  there are three reasons that an item cannot be returned: 1.  the item is not in resalable condition due to being opened or damaged by the customer 2.  the item has been installed in a repair 3.  the order was completed (shipped) more than 30 days ago, or more than 14 days ago for defective items otherwise, yes!  you can return your order.  our return policy is as follows: returns on wrong items or items damaged in shipping: ereplacementparts.com covers all costs of replacing items that are either shipped incorrectly or are damaged in transit.  we will ship a replacement right away and there will be no extra charges for shipping or merchandise.  we will include a prepaid return shipping label with the replacement shipment to return the bad items to us. returns on incorrectly ordered items or unwanted items:  if you accidentally ordered a wrong part or if you no longer want an item you ordered, it is returnable for up to 30 days after the original shipment date.  there is a 15% restocking fee for this type of return and return shipping is the responsibility of the customer. returned items must be in as-new resalable condition.  it is not possible to return an item more than 30 days after the original shipment date. returns or exchanges on defective items:  we provide a two week warranty on all our products.  if you received an item, installed it, and it was defective you can return it for up to 14 days for either a refund or a replacement.  power tools are used hard, and beyond two weeks we will not replace or refund defective parts. corporate, government, and high volume accounts we offer special accounts and special pricing for corporate, government, and high volume customers.  net-30 open accounts are available following a credit check.  tax exempt accounts are available for government organizations and companies using our products for resale.  w9 forms and applicable documentation is required. please contact us for more information about these special accounts and high volume pricing (available to accounts charging $1,500+ per year or placing 15+ orders per year). about us ereplacementparts.com specializes in online power tool parts and accessories sales.  we offer a complete selection of parts from power tool manufacturers such as bosch, dewalt, hitachi, makita, milwaukee, porter cable, ridgid, and ryobi.  we stock a large number of popular parts in our warehouse and we are able to quickly order all non-inventory items.  we try to always be accessible to our customers, reasonable with our policies, and prompt with our services. we have been selling power tool parts online since 2004.  we are located in sandy, utah in the salt lake valley. special order items regular special order items we stock a huge selection of parts in our utah warehouse, but with so many power tool parts available we are simply unable to stock every part for every tool.  our website shows real time inventory status for each part, and if you do order a non-inventory item we will special order it directly from the manufacturer just for you.  this gives you access to every available power tool part, but there are lead times for special order items while we wait for the parts to arrive. most special order items arrive at our warehouse first and we then immediately send them to our customers.  we estimate that most parts will ship 1-2 weeks after you order.  the average wait until shipment is about 1 week.  there are no extra charges for regular special order items. expedited special order items (drop shipments) if the 1-2 week lead time before shipment is too long for your repair situation, we do offer direct drop shipments.  a drop shipment goes straight from the manufacturer to you without coming to our warehouse first.  generally drop shipments cut several days from the parts order process.  this method of parts ordering is faster, but because these shipments are completely out of our hands, but we cannot guarantee day-definite delivery on drop shipments such as overnight or two day deliveries.  because we have to manually order drop shipments and because manufacturers often charge us more for these shipments, there is a $10 fee in addition to shipping to place a drop shipment.  if you would prefer to request a drop shipment, please contact us at 866-802-6383 and we can arrange it for you. back ordered items while infrequent, manufacturers sometimes run out of an item entirely.  an item is considered on back order when we do not have an item in our warehouse and the manufacturer has also sold out of the item.  we are unable to acquire the item for you until the manufacturer can send us one, and sometimes the process can take weeks or even months.  we make every effort to notify customers of back orders at the time of sale, but because items can go on back order without notice, it is possible to purchase an item that we did not know was on back order.  if we find that you have ordered a back ordered item, we will notify you by phone as soon as possible.  you can then decide whether to keep the order open as-is or drop the back ordered item from the order.  if you do decide to keep a back order open we will ship the item as soon as it arrives at our warehouse. discontinued / obsolete parts power tools have a limited support life, and after a few years the manufacturer may decide to discontinue some or all of the replacement parts for a tool.  discontinued parts are not orderable on out site, and we indicate discontinued parts on our website with a yellow highlighted line in our parts listings.  if the part you are looking for is discontinued, we are unable to sell the part because it is no longer available from the manufacturer.  power tool manufacturers can discontinue a part without notice, and if we did not find out about the discontinuation, it is possible to order a a discontinued part.  if a part on your order is discontinued, we will contact you immediately and make arrangements for a full refund. shipping information order lead times if all the parts on your order are in stock at our warehouse we will ship your order within one business day after the order is placed. if we must special order one or more of the parts on your order, your order will ship in about 1-2 weeks (please see our special order items section for more information).  this 1-2 week lead time is necessary to acquire your parts from the manufacturer.  please note that these lead times indicate time until shipment from our facility, not time until delivery. after shipment, packages will follow the package transit times schedule listed in this section. also, please note that we do not ship packages on weekends or on major holidays.  the estimated lead times are counting regular business days only. package transit times once your order is shipped your package will follow this transit time schedule.  your delivery timeframe will depend on your location and which shipping carrier and service you requested when your order was placed.  this transit schedule is an estimate only, except where otherwise noted. ups ground (1-5 business days) ups ground follows a guaranteed delivery schedule throughout the continental united states.  this means that your package will arrive within a specified number of days depending on your proximity to our warehouse in salt lake city, ut.  the following map shows transit times by location in the united states: ups ground reaches most locations in the mountain and pacific us regions in just two days.  other areas take longer depending on location. these transit times start on the first full day after shipment. the shipment day is not counted in the transit time.  for example, if you live in colorado and your package ships on wednesday, it will be there friday.  tracking is available for all ups ground shipments, and a tracking number will be emailed to you when your order ships. ground shipping is inexpensive, fairly fast, and extremely reliable. while ups guarantees these transit times, they are not responsible for packages that are delayed due to weather or other conditions, and we therefore cannot refund shipping costs on packages that arrive late due to special exceptions. ups 3 day select (3 business days) ups 3 day select provides guaranteed three day service nationwide. this expedited shipping option is faster then ups ground to many locations, but it offers no speed advantages over regular ups ground to the western united states (see transit map for more information). tracking information is available for 3 day select shipments, and a tracking number will be emailed to you when your order ships. please note that the actual shipment date does not count as a transit day, and packages do not move on weekends.  while ups guarantees these transit times, they are not responsible for packages that are delayed due to weather or other conditions, and we therefore cannot refund shipping costs on packages that arrive late due to special exceptions. ups 2nd day air (2 business days) ups 2nd day air provides guaranteed two day service nationwide. this expedited shipping option is faster then ups ground and 3 day select to many locations, but it offers no speed advantages over regular ups ground to the far western united states from california to colorado (see transit map for more information).  tracking information is available for 2nd day air shipments, and a tracking number will be emailed to you when your order ships.  please note that the actual shipment date does not count as a transit day, and packages do not move on weekends.  while ups guarantees these transit times, they are not responsible for packages that are delayed due to weather or other conditions, and we therefore cannot refund shipping costs on packages that arrive late due to special exceptions. ups next day air (1 business day) ups next day air provides guaranteed one day service nationwide. this expedited shipping option is very fast nationwide.  tracking information is available for next day air shipments, and a tracking number will be emailed to you when your order ships.  please note that the actual shipment date does not count as a transit day, and packages do not move on weekends.  while ups guarantees these transit times, they are not responsible for packages that are delayed due to weather or other conditions, and we therefore cannot refund shipping costs on packages that arrive late due to special exceptions. usps priority mail usps priority mail provides non-guaranteed 2-3 day delivery service nationwide, including alaska and hawaii.  packages can be delivered monday - saturday but there are no sunday deliveries.  please note that because usps priority mail is a non-guaranteed service we are not responsible for packages that take longer than the estimated 2-3 day transit time.  the vast majority of priority mail shipments do arrive within the estimated timeframe, but we have seen packages take up to two weeks to arrive.  priority mail is generally fast, and for packages weighing under a pound, it is very inexpensive considering the speed of the service. economy shipping economy shipping is our most inexpensive shipping method, but it is slower as well.  delivery times are non-guaranteed and generally take 1-7 business days depending on your proximity to our warehouse in salt lake city, utah. international shipping we accept orders for shipment outside of the unites states. our international shipping is handled by iglobal stores.com. customers who wish for their orders to be shipped outside of the u.s. must click the "international shipping" link on the shopping cart page. the link will take international shipping customers to the iglobalstores.com website where they can complete their ereplacementparts.com order by filling out their shipping and billing information. changing or canceling existing orders changing existing orders because many of our orders involve special ordering parts from the manufacturer, many orders have a window of time when the order can be modified before shipment.  while your order is waiting for items to arrive, you can add or delete as many items as you choose.  we do not charge a fee for modifying an order.  if you add parts to the order we will charge your credit card for the price of the added parts, and depending on the weight of the added items, additional shipping charges if necessary.  if you delete items from your order before shipment, we will refund the price of the deleted parts back to your credit card.  once an order has shipped we cannot modify the order. when an order is shipped, any returns or exchanges are handled according to our return policy.  please call us if you wish to make changes to your order. if you have ordered in-stock item(s) your order will ship within one business day.  changes can be made to these orders as well, but the changes need to be made quickly before the order ships.  if you do need to modify your order, it's fastest to call us. canceling orders if you place an order and later decide to cancel it, you are free to do so as long as the order has not shipped.  canceled orders are refunded in full regardless of what you ordered.  the money will be returned to your credit card.  we recommend that you call us during business hours to cancel your order, but if you prefer you can email us to cancel as well.  we are unable to cancel or recall shipped orders, so if you want to return a shipped order it will be handled according to our return policy. shopping cart 0 items information faq shipping information privacy noticereturn policyabout us contact us linksrepair blogadd multiple partstool repair forum customer service contact us location and hours corporate customer website information about us privacy policy website security info payment options return policy shipping information order lead times package transit times international shipping special order items get connected follow us on twitter join us on facebook community forums see us on youtube on your iphone online payments need help? call toll free 866-802-6383 8:30-5:00 m-f mountain time ereplacementparts.com 564 w 9320 s sandy, ut 84070 copyright © 2010 ereplacementparts.com inc.