来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20121227202921/http://www.ereplacementparts.com/faq.php
================================================================================

information and frequently asked questions : ereplacementparts.com repair forum     repair center    blog sign in     my account     support    shopping cart call us toll free 866-802-6383(9:00am-8:00pm mon-fri, 10:00am-6:30pm sat, et) appliance parts exercise equipment parts gps parts grill parts hvac parts home office parts lawn equipment parts motorsport parts outdoor recreation parts plumbing parts pool and spa parts power tool parts restaurant equipment parts vacuum parts other links power tool parts brands alpha partsblack and decker partsbosch partsbostitch partscampbell hausfeld partschicago pneumatic partscleco partscraftsman partsdevilbiss partsdewalt partsdelta partsdotco partsdremel partsdynabrade partsfein partsflex partsgraco partsgrip-rite partshitachi partsjancy partsjenny partsjet partsknaack partsmk diamond partsmakita partsmax partsmetabo partsmi-t-m partsmilwaukee partspanasonic partsporter cable partspowermate partspowermatic partsprobuilt partsridgid partsrockwell partsrolair partsrotozip partsryobi partssenco partsskil partsspraytech partstitan partswagner partsweather guard partswilton parts lawn equipment parts brands airstream partsariens partsbear cat partsblack and decker partsbluebird partsbolens partsbriggs and stratton partsclassen partscraftsman partsearthway partsecho partshomelite partshonda partshusqvarna partskarcher partskawasaki partskohler partslawn boy partsmtd partsmakita partsmurray partsparamount partspoulan partsryobi partsshindaiwa partssouthland partsstihl partssubaru / robin partstanaka partstoro partstroy-bilt partswalbro partsweed eater partsworx partsyard machines partsyard man partsexmark parts appliance parts brands andis partsbialetti partsblack and decker partsbodum partsbraun partsbreville partschamberlain partscuisinart partsdacor partsdelonghi partsemerson partsge partsgenie partsice-o-matic partskalorik partskitchenaid partskrups partslequip partsmagic chef partsmaytag commercial partsmedelco partsmr. coffee partsnorelco partsoral-b partsoster partsphilips partspresto partsremington partsrowenta partsscotsman partssunbeam partst-fal partsvent-a-hood partswahl partswaring partswhirlpool partszojirushi parts motorsport parts brands honda partskawasaki partspolaris parts vacuum parts brands ametek partsbissell partsdirt devil partsdustless technologies partsdyson partselectrolux partseureka partshoover partskirby partsoreck partsroyal partssanitaire partsshop-vac parts plumbing parts brands american standard partsarmstrong partsdelta faucet partsfluidmaster partsge partshydrotech partsinsinkerator partskohler partsmoen partsnovatek partsorbit partssloan parts outdoor recreation parts brands abu garcia partscoleman partspenn partspflueger partspower wheels partsrazor partsshakespeare parts grill parts brands alfresco partsarkla partsaussie partsblue ember partsbrinkmann partsbroil king partsbroil-mate partscentro partschar-broil partschargriller partscharmglow partscoleman partsducane partsellipse partsfalcon partsfiesta partsgrill master partshuntington partslynx partsmajestic partsmonessen partsnapoleon partsnexgrill partsolympia partssterling partsturbo partsturco partsvermont partsviking partsweber parts restaurant equipment parts brands american range partsbunn partsbloomfield partshamilton beach partsholman partslang partsscotsman partsstar partsvitamix partswells parts exercise equipment parts brands cybex partsnordictrack partsproform parts pool and spa parts brands calspa partscoleman partshayward partspentair partszodiac parts home office parts brands brother partscanon partsdell partsepson partshp partslexmark parts hvac parts brands airmaster partsaprilaire partsaustin air partsbest air pro partsblueair partsbroan partsessick air partsge partsgreen partshoneywell partshunter partslobb partsnutone partsskuttle parts gps parts brands garmin partsmagellan partstomtom parts other links accessoriesarticlesshop by tool type connect no items in your cart. repair parts home  information and frequently asked questions information and frequently asked questions welcome to the ereplacementparts.com site information page. the links and information on this page answer the most common questions our customers have about our website and our company policies. our customer service team is happy to answer any additional questions not answered by the information on this page. contact our customer service agents by email or by calling 866-802-6383 (toll free). table of contents privacy policy website security and secure ordering contact us location and hours payment options ▪ credit and debit cards ▪ checks and money orders ▪ cod ▪ net-30 and open accounts return policy corporate, government accounts about us special order items ▪ back ordered parts ▪ discontinued parts shipping information ▪ order lead times ▪ package transit times ▪ international shipping calculating shipping costs and order totals changing or canceling existing orders privacy policy we take customer privacy very seriously at ereplacementparts.com. your name, address, email address, and telephone number are carefully guarded. what we won't do we will never sell or distribute any of your personal information for any reason--ever. we will never contact you by phone for marketing reasons. what we will do we do contact our customers throughout the ordering and shipping process to update them on their orders' progress. customers receive an email from ereplacementparts.com: upon creating a customer account with us. at the time of each new order placement. at the time of each order shipment. to make any additional delivery or shipping arrangements. when necessary, we also call our customers directly regarding their orders. calling customers directly about their orders is only necessary on occasion. ereplacementparts.com customers may also request to receive newsletters, coupons, special announcements, and other promotional materials by email (we will only send these materials at the request of our customers). ereplacementparts.com will only contact customers for the above reasons. after an order delivery is complete, customers will not hear from ereplacementparts.com again until placing another order with us. website security and secure ordering we take every precaution to ensure the safety and security of our website.our checkout pages are protected by 128-bit encryption and 256-bit encryption (if your browser supports it) to ensure that your personal information is transmitted securely. when placing a credit card order, the credit card information is transferred through a high security channel for processing. our customers can be confident that they're ordering from a secure, reputable website. our website is checked each day by mcafee and geotrust to verify general security, and by authorize.net to verify credit card security. you can verify that ereplacementparts.com has been checked for security within the last 24 hours by clicking the icons below: online payments contact us email we can be reached 24 hours per day by sending a direct email to the following address: messages can also be sent using our internal email message system here. we will respond to all email within 2-3 business days. telephone we can be reached by telephone from 9:00 am - 8:00 pm monday through friday, eastern time and saturday from 10:00 am - 6:30 pm eastern time. toll-free: 866-802-6383 local: 801-561-4455 fax: 801-352-0352 location and hours we are located in sandy, utah in the united states. we welcome visitors at our salt lake warehouse location: 7036 south high tech dr. midvale, ut 84047 get directions repair service centers we have two local repair shops in the salt lake valley, a1 industrial tools and service and the appliance service center. a1 industrial tools and service is located at the same address as our warehouse: 7036 south high tech dr. midvale, ut 84047 get directions a1 industrial tools and service offers local repair services for the following categories: power tool repairs, lawn and garden equipment repairs, outdoor equipment repairs, and small engine repairs. a1 is able to service the vast majority of product brands and models offered on our site within these categories. walk-ins are welcome. you are welcome to visit the a1 industrial tools and service website here. the appliance service center is located at: 1475 s main st salt lake city, ut 84115 get directions salt lake city's appliance service center provides local repair service for small appliances, power wheels, and power tools, including the vast majority of small appliance and power tool brands and models offered on our website. walk-ins to the repair shop are welcome. our local customers have full access to our parts inventory with the same pricing as our online store at both repair center locations. payment options credit or debit cards the majority of our orders are placed with credit cards and debit cards. we accept visa, mastercard, discover, and american express. debit cards are also fully accepted. our system will run a debit card as a credit card (a pin number will not be required). as described in our website security section, credit and debit cards are processed securely using 128-bit encryption. as an added security measure, credit card numbers are not stored anywhere in our computer systems. we are also happy to help customers place orders by phone. to place an order by phone, please feel free to call us at 866-802-6383 (toll free). because many of our orders involve special ordering items for customers, we require payment up front for all orders. payment cards will be charged when orders are placed, not when orders ship out. order payments can appear on credit card statements or online bank statements before an order is shipped. checks or money orders we also accept checks and money orders as payment. please make checks and money orders payable to ereplacementparts.com. we are unable to accept checks made out to "power tool parts," "makita parts," and other such names. orders placed by check or money order cannot be processed until we receive the order payment. please send checks to: ereplacementparts.com ordering department 7036 south high tech dr. midvale, ut 84047 when ordering with check or money order, please also include; a detailed list of the parts needed specific part numbers for each part shipping information contact information see how to calculate shipping costs and order totals below. if you have additional questions, please call us at 866-802-6383 (9:00am-8:00pm m-f eastern time and 10:00am-6:30pm sat. eastern time). cod ereplacementparts.com does not accept cod deliveries for orders. we must receive payment before shipping any order. net-30 open accounts ereplacementparts.com does offer open accounts to our corporate, government, and high volume customers. please see our corporate accounts section for more information. return policy we guarantee our customers' satisfaction, 100%, and we back up that guarantee with a simple, no-hassle return policy. if you are not satisfied with your purchase for any reason, you can return your item within 45 days for a full refund. period. if you would like to return your products, please call us at 866-802-6383 to receive an rma (return merchandise authorization) number. the rma number will expedite the return process and ensure that you receive your refund (or exchange) as soon as possible. corporate, government, and high volume accounts we offer special accounts and special pricing for corporate, government, and high volume customers. net-30 open accounts are available following a credit check. tax exempt accounts are available for government organizations and companies using our products for resale. w9 forms and applicable documentation are required. please contact us for more information about these special accounts and high volume pricing (available to accounts charging $1,500+ per year or placing 15+ orders per year). about us at ereplacementparts.com, we believe in empowering tool, machine, and appliance owners from all walks of life to confidently perform their own repairs. we've engineered our company's services to target our customers' needs at each step of the repair process, from fast and accurate parts ordering--backed up by speedy shipping--to professional repair advice published on our website. our website is a specialized platform for finding and ordering parts of all kinds unlike any other parts ordering system on the internet. its smooth and helpful design features--like breakdown schematics and real parts photos--deliver shop-quality reliability to the fingertips of those who use them. in addition, our warehouse boasts a huge inventory of parts from several product types, including: appliance parts plumbing parts exercise equipment parts power tool parts grill parts restaurant equipment parts home office parts small engine parts hvac parts vacuum parts lawn equipment parts we stock original equipment manufacturer (o.e.m.) parts from dozens and dozens of major manufacturers within the above product categories. to add further convenience, we also stock a huge inventory of popular parts in our warehouse which are available for immediate shipment. in the case of special order parts, we are able to quickly order them from the companies that manufacture them. our repair experience helps us understand that customers often need support long after their parts are ordered and delivered. this is where our dedicated customer service team steps in to back customers up through those last steps of the repair process. in short, we are here for our customers until the job is done. our customer service support staff can be reached by email or by calling 866-802-6383 (toll free). ereplacementparts.com has been in business selling parts online since 2004. we are located in sandy, utah in the salt lake valley, u.s.a. special order items we stock a huge selection of parts in our salt lake valley warehouse, but with so many power tool parts available, we are simply unable to stock every part for every product. our website shows real-time inventory statuses for every part that we normally have "in-stock." our website also shows which items must be special ordered from their manufacturers before we can ship them from our warehouse. our policies for regular special order items, expedited special order items (drop shipments), backordered items, and discontinued items are explained below in this section. regular special order items in order to provide customers with full access to every part available on the market, we will special order non-inventory parts for customers directly from the part manufacturers. most special order items must first arrive at our warehouse before we can ship them to customers. because of this, special order items have lead times. we estimate that most special order parts will arrive at and leave our warehouse within 1-2 weeks from the date of order placement. although, the average extra wait time for a special order parts tends to only be about a week. there are no extra charges for regular special order items. expedited special order items (drop shipments) if the 1-2 week lead time before shipment of a special order item is too long for a customer's repair situation, we offer direct "drop shipments" as an alternative shipping method. a drop shipment special order is shipped directly from the manufacturer to the customer without first arriving at our warehouse. drop shipments generally cut several days from the ordering and shipping process. this method of parts ordering is faster, but we cannot guarantee day-definite delivery on drop shipments (such as overnight or two-day deliveries), since the entire shipping process is out of our hands. there is a $10 fee in place for drop shipment orders in addition to normal shipping costs. we must charge this additional fee to cover service charges billed to us by part manufacturers, and also because drop shipment orders must be processed manually. to place a drop shipment order, please contact us at 866-802-6383 (toll free). back ordered items although infrequent, manufacturers sometimes run out of an item entirely. an item is considered on back order if we don't have it in our warehouse, and if the manufacturer has also sold out of the item. if an item has sold out from the manufacturer, the most we can do is wait for the item's back ordered status to change and keep our customers informed of the situation. in many cases, it can take weeks or even months for manufacturers to release a backordered item. we make every effort to notify customers of backorders at the time of sale. however, parts can go on backorder without the manufacturer first notifying us, making it possible for customers to purchase back-ordered parts. we notify customers by phone as soon as we discover that a back-ordered item has been purchased. customers can then decide whether or not to keep the order open as-is, or to remove the back-ordered item from the order. if an order for a back-ordered item is kept open, the back-ordered item will be shipped to the customer as soon as it arrives at our warehouse. discontinued / obsolete parts machines and equipment have limited support lives, so a manufacturer may decide to discontinue some or all of the replacement parts for a product after a few years. discontinued parts are not orderable on our site. we indicate discontinued parts on our website with a yellow highlighted line in our parts listings. we are simply unable to sell discontinued parts to our customers, because they are similarly unavailable to us from the manufacturer as well. manufacturers can discontinue a part without notice, so it's possible for a discontinued part to be mistakenly ordered if the manufacturer fails to first notify us. if a customer orders a part that has been discontinued without our prior knowledge, we will contact the customer as soon as we are made aware of the part discontinuation and make arrangements for a full refund. shipping information order lead times orders that contain only "in-stock" parts ship from our warehouse within one business day from the date of order placement. this includes orders with several parts in them, as long as all of the parts are in stock when they are ordered. our shipping estimate for orders containing one or more special order part is 1-2 weeks (please see our special order items section for more information). our 1-2 week lead time is necessary to acquire our customers' parts from the manufacturer. please note that these lead times indicate time until shipment from our facility, not time until delivery to the customer. after shipping from our warehouse, packages will follow the package transit times schedule listed in this section. also, please note that we do not ship packages on weekends or on major holidays. the estimated lead times count regular business days only. package transit times once an order is shipped from our warehouse, the package will follow the transit time schedule pictured below. delivery timeframe depends on the customer's delivery location, and the shipping carrier selected by the customer. this transit schedule is an estimate only, except where otherwise noted. ups ground (1-5 business days) ups ground follows a guaranteed delivery schedule throughout the continental united states. this means that a package will arrive within a specified number of days depending on the proximity of the delivery location to our warehouse in salt lake city, ut. the following map shows transit times by location in the united states: ups ground reaches most locations in the mountain and pacific regions of the us in just two days. shipment to other areas take longer, depending on location. these transit times start on the first full day after shipment. the shipment day is not counted in the transit time. for example, if you live in colorado and your package ships on wednesday, it will be there friday. tracking is available for all ups ground shipments, and a tracking number is automatically emailed to customers upon shipment from our warehouse. ground shipping is inexpensive, fairly fast, and extremely reliable. while ups guarantees these transit times, they are not responsible for packages that are delayed due to weather or other conditions, and we, therefore, cannot refund shipping costs on packages that arrive late due to special exceptions. ups 3 day select (3 business days) ups 3 day select provides guaranteed, three-day service nationwide. this expedited shipping option is faster than ups ground to many locations, but it offers no speed advantages over regular ups ground to the western united states (see transit map for more information). tracking information is available for 3 day select shipments, and a tracking number will be emailed to customers when an order ships. please note that the actual shipment date does not count as a transit day, and that packages do not move on weekends. while ups guarantees these transit times, they are not responsible for packages that are delayed due to weather or other conditions, and we therefore cannot refund shipping costs on packages that arrive late due to special exceptions. ups 2nd day air (2 business days) ups 2nd day air provides guaranteed two day service nationwide. this expedited shipping option is faster than ups ground and 3 day select to many locations, but it offers no speed advantages over regular ups ground to the far western united states from california to colorado (see transit map for more information). tracking information is available for 2nd day air shipments, and a tracking number will be emailed to customers when an order ships. please note that the actual shipment date does not count as a transit day, and packages do not move on weekends. while ups guarantees these transit times, they are not responsible for packages that are delayed due to weather or other conditions, and we therefore cannot refund shipping costs on packages that arrive late due to special exceptions. ups next day air (1 business day) ups next day air provides guaranteed one day service nationwide. this expedited shipping option is very fast nationwide. tracking information is available for next day air shipments, and a tracking number will be emailed to customers when an order ships. please note that the actual shipment date does not count as a transit day, and packages do not move on weekends. while ups guarantees these transit times, they are not responsible for packages that are delayed due to weather or other conditions, and we therefore cannot refund shipping costs on packages that arrive late due to special exceptions. usps priority mail usps priority mail provides non-guaranteed 2-3 day delivery service nationwide, including alaska and hawaii. packages can be delivered monday - saturday, but there are no sunday deliveries. please note that because usps priority mail is a non-guaranteed service, we are not responsible for packages that take longer than the estimated 2-3 day transit time. the vast majority of priority mail shipments do arrive within the estimated timeframe, but we have seen packages take up to two weeks to arrive. priority mail is generally fast--and for packages weighing under a pound--it is very inexpensive, considering the speed of the service. international shipping ereplacementparts.com is proud to offer international shipping to our customers. our international shipping is handled by iglobal stores.com. customers who wish for their orders to be shipped outside of the u.s. must click the "international shipping" link on the shopping cart page. the link will navigate international shipping customers to the iglobalstores.com website where they can complete their ereplacementparts.com order by filling out their shipping and billing information. calculating shipping costs and order totals customers often need to calculate an order's shipping costs and total before placing the order. using a check or money order as payment is the most common reason for this. using our website's shopping cart is the easiest way to calculate shipping costs and order totals. our shopping cart will allow you calculate your order costs without actually placing the order and without having to log in to a shopping account. follow these steps to calculate your order's total: add the desired part(s) to the shopping cart. parts can be added to the shopping cart from your product's parts list. your product's parts list is displayed on its product page under its breakdown schematic. use our part finder to locate your product's product page. parts can also be added to the shopping cart from individual parts pages. adding parts to the shopping cart will refresh your browser and navigate you to the shopping cart. upon arriving to the shopping cart page, your order's total (without shipping) will be automatically displayed. calculate shipping rates. to calculate shipping costs, enter the zip code of the shipping address to which you plan to have the order shipped. the zip code can be entered in the "calculate shipping rates" area located in the middle of the shopping cart page. after entering the zip code, click the "submit" button. the page will then display the shipping rates available for your order. choose a shipping rate to calculate the order total. select the shipping option that you want in the "calculate shipping rates" area of the shopping cart page. doing so will automatically update your order total to reflect the combined cost of the parts order and shipping costs. after calculating your order's total and shipping cost with the steps above, you can click the back button on your browser, close your browser, or simply navigate to another web page to cancel the ordering process. the order information will not be saved. changing or canceling existing orders changing existing orders because many of our orders involve special ordering parts from the manufacturer, many orders have only a window of time when the order can be modified before shipment. if an order is waiting on special order items to arrive, customers can modify the order by adding or deleting as many items as they like. we do not charge a fee for modifying an order before the order is shipped. if items are added to an order during this waiting period, we will adjust the total on the credit card charge to include the cost of the additional parts and any additional shipping (when necessary). if items are deleted from an order during this waiting period, we will refund the price of the parts on the credit card. once an order has shipped we cannot modify the order. after an order is shipped, any returns or exchanges are handled according to our return policy. please contact us if you wish to make changes to your order. orders for in-stock items ship within one business day. customers can also make changes to in-stock orders, but the changes must be made quickly before the order ships. if you need to modify your order, it's fastest to call us. canceling orders orders can be cancelled before they are shipped. canceled orders are refunded in full, regardless of what was ordered. the purchase amount of the order will be returned to the ordering credit card. we recommend that you call us during business hours to cancel your order, but if you prefer, you may email us to cancel as well. because we are unable to cancel or recall orders that have already been shipped, returning shipped orders must be handled according to our return policy. need help? please call us toll free: 9:00am-8:00pm, mon-fri, et 10:00am-6:30pm, sat, et 866-802-6383 ereplacementparts.com 7036 south high tech dr. midvale, ut 84047 customer service contact us location and hours corporate customer add multiple parts website information about us privacy policy website security info payment options return policy shipping information order lead times package transit times international shipping special order items get connected follow us on twitter join us on facebook see us on youtube on your iphone copyright © 2012 ereplacementparts.com inc. online payments about ssl certificates