来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20141231080214/http://www.ereplacementparts.com/blog
================================================================================

ereplacementparts.com diy blog | news and updates from ereplacementparts.com repair forum     repair center    blog sign in     my account     support    shopping cart call us toll free 866-802-6383(8:30am-10:00pm mon-fri, 10:30am-7:00pm sat, et) shop alldepartments appliance parts exercise equipment parts gps parts grill parts hvac parts home office parts lawn equipment parts major appliance parts motorsport parts outdoor recreation parts plumbing parts pool and spa parts power tool parts restaurant equipment parts vacuum parts other links power tool parts brands alpha partsbarranca diamond partsblack and decker partsbosch partsbostitch partscampbell hausfeld partschicago pneumatic partscleco partscraftsman partsdevilbiss partsdewalt partsdelta partsdotco partsdremel partsdynabrade partsescort partsfein partsflex partsgenerac partsgraco partsgrip-rite partshitachi partsingersoll rand partsjancy partsjenny partsjet partsknaack partsmk diamond partsmagliner partsmakita partsmax partsmetabo partsmi-t-m partsmilwaukee partspanasonic partsporter cable partspowermate partspowermatic partsprobuilt partsridgid partsrockwell partsrolair partsrotozip partsryobi partssenco partsskil partsspraytech partstitan partswagner partsweather guard partswilton partsyeats dolly parts lawn equipment parts brands airstream partsariens partsbear cat partsblack and decker partsbluebird partsbolens partsbriggs and stratton partschapin partsclassen partscraftsman partsearthway partsecho partshomelite partshonda partshusqvarna partskarcher partskawasaki partskohler partslawn boy partslittle wonder partsmtd partsmakita partsmurray partsparamount partspoulan partsryobi partsshindaiwa partssimplicity partssnapper partssouthland partsstihl partssubaru / robin partstanaka partstoro partstroy-bilt partswalbro partsweed eater partsworx partsyard machines partsyard man parts appliance parts brands andis partsbialetti partsblack and decker partsblendtec partsbodum partsbraun partsbreville partschamberlain partscuisinart partsdacor partsdelonghi partsemerson partsfissler partsgenie partshamilton beach partsice-o-matic partsjura capresso partskalorik partskitchenaid partskrups partslequip partsliftmaster partsmagic chef partsmedelco partsmirro partsmr. coffee partsnorelco partsoral-b partsoster partsphilips partspresto partsproctor silex partsremington partsrowenta partsscotsman partssunbeam partst-fal partsvent-a-hood partswahl partswaring partswayne dalton partswearever partszojirushi parts motorsport parts brands kawasaki partspolaris parts vacuum parts brands ametek partsbissell partsdirt devil partsdustless technologies partsdyson partsedic partselectrolux partseureka partshoover partskirby partsoreck partsroyal partssanitaire partsshark partsshop-vac parts plumbing parts brands american standard partsarmstrong partsdelta faucet partsflotec partsfluidmaster partsge partshydrotech partsinsinkerator partskohler partsmoen partsnovatek partsorbit partsrain bird partssimer partssloan parts grill parts brands alfresco partsarkla partsaussie partsblue ember partsbrinkmann partsbroil king partsbroil-mate partsbroilmaster partscentro partschar-broil partschargriller partscharmglow partscoleman partsducane partsellipse partsfalcon partsfiesta partsflame partsgrill master partshuntington partskitchenaid partsluxor partslynx partsmhp partsmajestic partsmonessen partsnapoleon partsnexgrill partsolympia partspgs grill partssterling partsturbo partsturco partstwin eagles partsuniflame partsvermont partsviking partsweber parts outdoor recreation parts brands abu garcia partscamp chef partscoleman partsflowtron partsminn kota partspeg perego partspenn partspflueger partspower wheels partsrazor partsroadmaster partsshakespeare partsshimano parts restaurant equipment parts brands apw partsaccutemp partsamerican range partsastra partsbunn partsbakers pride partsbelleco partsberkel partsbevles partsblodgett partsbloomfield partscma partscadco partscarter hoffmann partscleveland partscres cor partsduke partsedlund partselectro freeze partsfrymaster partsgarland partsgiles partsgrindmaster partsgroen partshamilton beach partshatco partsholman partslang partsmarket forge partsmiddleby partsnu-vu partsnuova simonelli partspowersoak partsroundup partssalvajor partsscotsman partssouthbend partsstar partssunkist partsts brass partstrue partsturbo chef partsvitamix partsvulcan partswells partswinston parts exercise equipment parts brands cybex partsfreemotion partshorizon fitness partsmatrix fitness partsnordictrack partsproform partsschwinn partsstar trac partsvision fitness parts pool and spa parts brands calspa partscoleman partshayward partsjacuzzi partspentair partszodiac parts home office parts brands brother partscanon partsdell partsepson partshp partslexmark parts hvac parts brands airmaster partsaprilaire partsaustin air partsbest air pro partsblueair partsbroan partsessick air partsge partsgreen partsheat hog partsheat stream partsheat wagon partsheatstar partshoneywell partshunter partsinfratech partslobb partsmaster partsmr. heater partsnutone partspatio comfort partspro temp partsskuttle partssun-stream partssunglo partssunheat partssunpak partssure flame partsus stove company parts gps parts brands garmin partsmagellan partstomtom parts major appliance parts brands admiral partsamana partscaloric partscrosley partsdynasty partsestate partsfrigidaire partsge partsgaggenau partsgibson partshaier partshardwick partshotpoint partsinglis partsinternational partsjenn-air partskelvinator partslg partsmaytag partsmenu-master partsnorge partsroper partssamsung partsspeed queen partstappan partsthermador partsuni partswestinghouse partswhirlpool parts other links accessoriesarticlesshop by tool type shop all brands model number part number connect share cart items no items in your cart. sep 04 what’s cooking posted by ereplace staff on september 4, 2015 | leave a reply what’s cooking: everything you need to know about your oven tweet the oven serves as the cornerstone appliance in any kitchen. it is quite simple to use, but there are always more tips and tricks to learn about how to use this appliance more efficiently, for better cooking results. like turning off the oven a few minutes before your food is due to be cooked and using the remaining heat to finish the job. read our infographic below for lots of information on your faithful kitchen servant! for example, if you’re cooking a large dinner for a group and need to put multiple items in the oven at once, that’s fine! simply adjust the temperature to a mid-point between the two separate cooking temperatures if they are about 50 degrees apart. or, if the temperatures required are vastly different, start with the highest one and turn the oven down as time goes by. the self-cleaning feature that many ovens have has often been touted as a time-saver, but it could be doing damage as well. the high temperatures involved can do damage to the fuses and electrical components. instead, try a mixture of vinegar and baking soda to get the interior of your oven spotless. follow the directions below for an overnight cleaning session. and for those with gas ovens, we’ve got you covered as well with a tried-and-tested cleaning method! tweet embed code: full graphic (everything_need_know_about_oven.jpg)source: <a href=http://www.ereplacementparts.com>ereplacementparts.com</a> jul 31 everything you need to know about your freezer posted by ereplace staff on july 31, 2015 | leave a reply everything you need to know about your freezer tweet the freezer is a home cook’s best friend. it allows you to configure your groceries around your busy lifestyle, and frees you from eating days’ worth of leftovers in a row by giving you an option to save them for another day. did you know that certain foods are better for freezing than others? find out which ones work best in the freezer, and more tips for freezing foods in our infographic. the basic rule of freezing is that air and moisture are not your friend. if packaging meat in a plastic freezer bag, make sure to squeeze out the excess air to avoid freezer burn. also keep in mind that foods with high moisture content are not optimal for freezing if you plan to eat them raw. finally, if you’re freezing cooked food, let it cool before placing it in the freezer, as condensation will build up if it is still too hot. once you master freezer 101, it’s time to move on to the genius hacks. if you’re preparing a dish that includes dairy, such as a pasta sauce, simply leave that ingredient out before freezing, and add it in when you’ve defrosted the dish and are preparing to serve. also, think about the convenience of defrosting when you prep foods for the freezer. packaging dishes in single servings or slicing bagels before frosting for easy toasting can be a big help down the line! check out our infographic below for lists of foods not to freeze, and the length of time each type of meat lasts in the freezer. tweet embed code: full graphic (freezer_infographic.jpg)source: <a href=http://www.ereplacementparts.com>ereplacementparts.com</a> jul 03 a guide to borax and its uses posted by ereplace staff on july 3, 2015 | leave a reply a guide to borax and its uses tweet borax is a jack of all trades when it comes to household cleaning. this substance can clean, shine, and freshen almost any surface you can think of. it also comes in handy as a deterrent for mice and pests. check out our infographic below for some of the best uses of borax! borax is so versatile it can be used in any room of the house, and even outside as a weed-killer and rust-remover! one of its main benefits is its deodorizing power. use it to freshen carpets, garbage cans, garbage disposals, and mattresses. you can even create household products from borax; learn to make dishwasher tablets and even homemade candles! to use borax as a deterrent for mice, sprinkle some along floors and baseboards where mice are likely to travel in your home. alternatively, try mixing borax with sugar and sprinkle the mixture along areas where you notice ants, roaches, and other pests entering your home. borax can also repel that other creepy pest: mold! mix with water to create a paste, and then apply it to any areas where mold is occurring. let it dry overnight, then remove the borax and enjoy your fresh walls and ceiling. for more ideas on how to incorporate borax into your home maintenance routine, read on below! tweet embed code: full graphic (guide_to_borax.jpg)source: <a href=http://www.ereplacementparts.com>ereplacementparts.com</a> jun 26 an extra hand in the kitchen posted by ereplace staff on june 26, 2015 | leave a reply an extra hand in the kitchen tweet a food processor is a crucial kitchen tool for many recipes. you can usually achieve similar results using individual tools, but why not eliminate the clutter, effort, and confusion by having one appliance that can chop, dice, grind, and whip like a champion? in order to start to discover the extraordinary culinary options at your fingertips with your food processor, read our guide to learn some tips and tricks that will help you get the most out of your appliance. the first lesson in food processing is learning what all the different attachments can do. the s-shaped blade is one of the most common, and can be used to achieve a variety of different consistencies in your food! other less-used but equally handy attachments include the dough blade, the citrus juicer, and even a french fry disc! foods you never thought you’d make at home suddenly become possible when you own a food processor. although the processor is a handy gadget with many uses, it does have limitations as well. certain foods just aren’t meant to be prepared using a food processor, and these include mashed potato, which will become gummy and sticky if over-processed. if you identify these foods, you will never end up with a food processor snafu! for cleanup, consult our guide below, which will teach you how best to clean your beloved new kitchen treasure! tweet embed code: full graphic (food_processor.jpg)source: <a href=http://www.ereplacementparts.com>ereplacementparts.com</a> mar 30 how to make the perfect french press coffee posted by ereplace staff on march 30, 2015 | leave a reply how to make the perfect french press coffee tweet if you’ve never experienced the full-bodied flavor of french press coffee, you’ve been missing out! this method of coffee brewing yields a brew that is both strong and free of the natural oils that can build up in a regular coffee maker. once you start grinding your own hand-picked coffee beans for french press coffee, you’ll never go back. some may be scared off by the seemingly elaborate procedure of preparing french press coffee, but it’s really quite simple! begin by selecting your coffee beans of choice and follow our guide for measuring the amount to be used; grinding any more coffee beans than necessary will result in wasted coffee, as it loses its potency quickly after grinding. aim for a coarse consistency that is somewhere between table salt and steel cut oats. to make the actually coffee, you will need to boil the appropriate amount of water. once that is done, and you have your freshly-ground coffee, you’re only five minutes away from the joys of french press coffee! just make sure to pour your coffee as soon as it is prepared to avoid a bitter taste developing. when maintaining your french press, make sure to avoid metal spoons or utensils to prevent scratches, and avoid using soaps as they can become trapped in the filter. tweet embed code: full graphic (frenchpress_final1.jpg)source: <a href=http://www.ereplacementparts.com>ereplacementparts.com</a> « previous posts need help? please call us toll free: 8:30am-10:00pm, mon-fri, et 10:30am-7:00pm, sat, et 866-802-6383 ereplacementparts.com 7036 south high tech dr. midvale, ut 84047 customer service contact us location and hours corporate customer add multiple parts website information about us privacy policy website security info payment options return policy shipping information order lead times package transit times international shipping special order items get connected follow us on twitter join us on facebook see us on youtube on your iphone copyright © 2015 ereplacementparts.com inc. online payments about ssl certificates