来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20250506135547/https://www.ereplacementparts.com/faq.php
================================================================================

help & frequently asked questions : ereplacementparts.com open menu close menu clear search search 855-343-0069 shopping cart 0 shop by tool type shop by brand power tool parts lawn equipment parts appliance parts grill parts hvac parts motorsport parts outdoor recreation parts accessories repair center maintenance kits sign in sign in with password loading facebook login... sign in with facebook loading google login... sign in with google 855-343-0069 departments accessories appliance parts grill parts hvac parts lawn equipment parts motorsport parts outdoor recreation parts power tool parts maintenance kits blog repair center shop by tool type brands close search search sign in sign in with password loading facebook login... sign in with facebook loading google login... sign in with google orders cart 0 shopping cart 0 item(s) in your cart restore a saved shopping cart all departments official oem guarantee fast shipping from usa 365 day returns preferred brand partners official oem guarantee fast shipping from usa 365 day returns preferred brand partners repair parts home help & frequently asked questions help & frequently asked questions the links and information on this page answer the most common questions our customers have about our website and our company policies. finding your parts part search model search finding your model number more help secure ordering cookies adding to cart and placing your order security more help shipping information part availability status order lead times package transit times more help returns & cancelations cancelations and order changes returns more help repair help blog repair center youtube channel more help jump to: finding your parts secure ordering shipping information returns & cancelations repair help finding your parts + part search if you know the part number within your model that needs replacement, it is as easy as typing that part number into our search box and clicking the “search” button, or magnifying glass icon. if we carry your part, it will appear in the search results, usually displaying an image, a part title, a product description, and availability status. the amount of information available will usually depend on the popularity of the part. use the “add to cart” button to proceed to checkout, or visit the part page to see more information, customer reviews and questions, videos, and more! + model search if you’re trying to find the part you need but don’t have a part number, the model number of your equipment is the next best thing. locate your product’s model number and enter it into our search box. if we have your model in our database, you will be taken to a page containing popular symptoms, parts, questions, and diagrams for your model. from here, you can use the search box to type the category of part you’re trying to find (e.g. “spark plug), or use our diagrams and parts lists to browse your model until you locate the oem part you need. + finding your model number if you are having trouble locating the model number for your equipment or can’t identify which number on its nameplate is actually the model number, our detailed model number locator guide will help you get to the bottom of it. secure ordering + cookies cookies are pieces of info that your web browser stores to make your experience better. the cookies we use help to keep the products you’ve added to your shopping cart up to date. browsers tend to allow cookies as a default setting, but you can manually change your settings to prevent cookies if you would prefer. however, using our site requires that cookies are enabled. + adding to cart and placing your order once you’ve selected the “add to cart” button for your chosen part, you can elect to either “continue shopping” or “checkout”. if you need more parts and choose to continue shopping, the parts you’ve already added to your cart will be waiting for you, and you can find them all by selecting the cart icon at the top right of your screen. if you choose “checkout”, you’ll be taken to your secure shopping cart where you can calculate your shipping and check out using our secure, encrypted system. once you have entered your shipping and billing information you can submit your order, after which you will receive an order number via email and order confirmation page. please retain this number for your records. you’ll receive further notifications when your order ships, or if there have been any status updates and changes to your order that you need to be made aware of. if tracking is available on your selected shipping method, this will also be available in our shipping confirmation email. + security we take every precaution to ensure the safety and security of our website. our checkout pages are protected by 128-bit encryption and 256-bit encryption (if your browser supports it) to ensure that your personal information is transmitted securely. when placing a credit card order, the credit card information is transferred through a high security channel for processing. our customers can be confident that they're ordering from a secure, reputable website. our website is checked each day by mcafee and geotrust to verify general security. you can verify that ereplacementparts.com has been checked for security within the last 24 hours by clicking the icons below: + payment methods credit or debit cards the majority of our orders are placed with credit cards and debit cards. we accept visa, mastercard, discover, american express, and paypal. debit cards are also fully accepted. our system will run a debit card as a credit card (a pin number will not be required). credit and debit cards are processed securely using 128-bit encryption. as an added security measure, credit card numbers are not stored anywhere in our computer systems. we are also happy to help customers place orders by phone. to place an order by phone, please feel free to call us at 855-343-0069855-343-0069 (toll free). because many of our orders involve special ordering items for customers, we require payment up front for all orders. payment cards will be charged when orders are placed, not when orders ship out. order payments can appear on credit card statements or online bank statements before an order is shipped. + card verification information cvv using the cvv (card verification value) number during online transactions ensures that you’re in physical possession of the credit or debit card being authorized, reducing fraud and protecting your safety. please note that while we ask for your cvv as part of the checkout process, we will not ask for your card’s secret pin, which is a different number altogether. do not enter your pin when asked for your cvv, and never provide your pin to anyone if asked. your cvv number should appear as a 3-digit code below the signature box on the back of your card for some, or above your actual credit card number on others. + corporate, government, and high volume accounts we offer special pricing for corporate, government, and high-volume customers. tax-exempt accounts are available for government organizations and companies using our products for resale. w9 forms and applicable documentation are required. please contact us for more information about high volume pricing (available to accounts charging $1,500+ per year or placing 15+ orders per year). shipping information + part availability status our warehouses contain millions of different parts, but with so many available across a large range of models, not all have the same availability status at all times. our website shows real-time inventory statuses for every part that we carry and which of those are in-stock, special order, back ordered, or discontinued. in stock: this part is in stock in one of the ereplacementparts warehouses and will ship out on the same day, as long as your order is placed before 4:00 pm eastern standard time, and as long as all parts within your order are in stock. in-stock items ordered after this time of day will ship out on the next business day. special order: in order to provide you access to every part available, we will contact manufacturers directly to place a “special order” of a part that is currently not in stock in our inventory. these parts take longer to ship because we have to wait for them to be sent to us from the manufacturer before shipping them. we estimate wait times for special order parts to be 7-12 business days, but please note that this is an overall estimate, and wait times can be shorter or longer depending on manufacturer availability our policies for regular special order items, backordered items, and discontinued items are explained below in this section. back order: sometimes, a special order product is also out of stock with the manufacturer, and we need to wait for the manufacturer to come back into stock before we can send the part to you. this is what we call a “back order” part. these parts can take much longer to ship, as we wait for the manufacturer to bring the part back into stock so we can get it for you. back order parts don’t have an estimated shipping date like special order parts do, because we are relying on the manufacturer to bring the part back in stock. we make every effort to notify customers of back order parts at the time of sale, however, occasionally parts can go on back order without the manufacturer first notifying us. if one of your parts is back ordered after purchase, we will notify you by phone so you can decide whether to keep your order open as-is, or remove the back order part from the order. we will always ship back order parts to you as soon as we receive them in our warehouse. discontinued/obsolete: machines and equipment have limited support lives, so a manufacturer may discontinue some or all of the replacement parts for a product after a few years. we indicate discontinued parts on our website clearly and we are unable to sell discontinued parts to our customers because they are unavailable to us from the manufacturer as well. manufacturers can discontinue a part without notice, so it's possible for a discontinued part to be mistakenly ordered if the manufacturer fails to notify us. if a customer orders a part that has been discontinued without our prior knowledge, we will contact the customer as soon as we are made aware of the part discontinuation and make arrangements for a full refund. + order lead times in-stock orders will ship from our warehouse within one business day of placing your order. this includes orders with several parts in them, as long as all of the parts are in stock when ordered. orders with one or more special order parts have a longer lead time. this lead time is necessary to acquire parts from the manufacturer. please note that these lead times indicate the estimated time until your shipment is expected to leave our facility, not the final delivery date. also, please note that we do not ship packages on weekends or on major holidays. the estimated lead times are in reference to regular business days. package transit times once an order is shipped from our warehouse, the package will follow the transit time as described below. this transit schedule is an estimate only, except where otherwise noted. transit times start on the first full day after shipment. packages do not move on weekends. when you place your order, the shipping estimates will display accurate delivery timeframes for your address. economy economy shipping is our least expensive shipping option. depending on your location, packages usually arrive anywhere from 2-8 business days, but this is an estimate not a guarantee. ground ground shipping is inexpensive, fairly fast, and extremely reliable. delivery within the quoted transit time period is guaranteed.* tracking is available for all ground shipments, and a tracking number is automatically emailed to customers upon shipment from our warehouse. expedited expedited shipping is generally fast and inexpensive. it typically provides nationwide 2-4 day delivery service nationwide, including alaska and hawaii. this timeframe is estimated, not guaranteed. * transit times start on the first full day after shipment. we are not responsible for delivery delay due to inclement weather or other special conditions. shipping costs on packages that arrive late due to uncontrollable conditions cannot be refunded. + international shipping ereplacementparts.com is proud to offer international shipping to our customers. our international shipping is handled by zonos.com. customers who wish for their orders to be shipped outside of the u.s. must click the “international shipping” link during the checkout process. this link will navigate international shipping customers to the zonos.com website where they can securely complete their ereplacementparts.com order by filling out their shipping and billing information. + calculating shipping costs using our website's shopping cart is the easiest way to calculate shipping costs and order totals. our shopping cart will allow you to calculate your order costs without actually placing the order. follow these steps to calculate your order's total: add the desired part(s) to the shopping cart and navigate to your cart as though you were checking out. to calculate shipping costs, enter the zip code of your shipping address to the “calculate shipping rates” area located in the middle of the shopping cart page. after entering the zip code, click the “submit” button. the page will then display the shipping rates available for your order. select the shipping option you prefer in the “calculate shipping rates” area of the shopping cart page. doing so will automatically update your order total to reflect the combined cost of the parts order and shipping costs. after calculating your order’s total and shipping cost with the steps above, you can click the back button on your browser, close your browser, or simply navigate to another web page to cancel the ordering process. the order information will not be saved. + oversized items in the case of some items that are considered “oversized”, customers may be required to pay further shipping costs, or certain methods of shipping may be restricted. you will be contacted and made aware if an oversize restriction applies to your order, and given the option to cancel or proceed with any extra charges. you will not be charged for additional freight without your knowledge or consent. + shipping to po boxes some of our warehouse locations can only ship by courier and not to po boxes. for this reason, we ask that you provide a street or civic address for your order rather than a po box. if you’ve provided a po box address you may be contacted by our customer service team for a correction, which may delay your order’s shipment. returns & cancelations + cancelations and order changes orders can be canceled or altered before they are shipped. canceled orders are refunded in full. the purchase amount of the order will be returned to the ordering credit card. we recommend that you use our self service feature to handle basic cancelations, as this feature is available 24/7 and is designed to make the process simple. however, you can also call customer service during our business hours to cancel or make changes to your order before it ships, too. because we are unable to cancel or change orders that have already been shipped, orders that need to be cancelled after shipping are subject to our return policy. + returns for your peace of mind, we offer a 365-day return period. use our self-service feature to complete your return online. please be sure your return meets the following conditions: parts must be in resaleable condition to qualify: "resaleable" means that the part must not have incurred damage, such as signs of installation by the customer, marks, or scuffing. part must also be in its original packaging to be considered resaleable. please inspect part before removing from its packaging, as this can cause return to be rejected. electrical parts are subject to additional scrutiny. rejected returns cannot be shipped back to customers. returning parts to ereplacementparts: please have your model number and serial number ready when contacting our customer service to begin the return process. after contacting us, you will receive an email with return shipping details (remember to check your junk mail). returns must be received within 365 days of the date the items were originally shipped. customers are responsible for the cost of return shipping. if the return is a result of our error, or the part was lost in shipping, contact us within 10 business days to arrange a refund. in this case, we will refund the original cost of shipping after your return has been processed, and provide you with a pre-paid shipping label if we would like the part returned to us. additional information such as photos of the part may be required to complete a return of this nature. receiving your refund: please allow 7-10 business days after your return has been successfully processed for your refund to appear. if your refund is taking longer than expected, or you would like to check its status, please contact our customer service desk for an update on your return. repair help + blog the ereplacementparts blog contains thoroughly researched repair content written in conjunction with expert technicians. it’s also where we have some fun, exploring everything that it means to be a diy enthusiast, from gardening, to diy projects, to cooking on the grill! if you’re looking for a celebration of diy topics written by passionate creators, you’ve come to the right place + repair center our repair center is the place to go if you’ve got a problem with your equipment and need to get to the bottom of what’s causing it. start by selecting your product type, and we’ll drill down into the symptom you’re experience and the most likely parts that need to be replaced to get you up and running again. our expert technicians with decades of experience in the field have carefully curated our repair resources to help you shortcut your way to the solution to your diy repair. + youtube channel you can check out our fix tech guides youtube channel here to find a library of over 3000 repair videos filmed by our expert crew and elite repair technicians. if it’s broken, there’s a good chance we’ve fixed it and filmed how to do it. contact us didn’t find the information you need? contact our helpful customer service team for questions about our site, your order, or anything else you’d like to know! contact us thank you! × your email, , has been added to our mailing list. error × we were unable to add your email to our mailing list. millions of partsfrom top brands need help? please call us toll free: 8am-9pm, mon-sat (et) 855-343-0069 customer service faq shipping returns payment options contact us business accounts add multiple parts shop by department appliance parts grill parts hvac parts lawn equipment parts power tool parts about us about ereplacementparts.com all about oem parts privacy policy california privacy rights do not sell mypersonal information privacy request terms of use website security info careers sitemap connect join us on facebook find us on instagram follow us on x see us on youtube copyright © 2025 ereplacementparts.com inc. to top search by model or part number search cancel recent searches: suggested searches: models: manufacturers: need help finding your model number?