来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20091231153033/http://www.bikesomewhere.com/bikesomewhere.cfm/privacy
================================================================================

bikesomewhere.com | the ultimate bike store my account | help / contact us | top searches | jan 5, 2010 sign in. new user? sign up. view cart now on sale shop by: brand - category categories bags baskets clothing computers food / nutrition frames gps & electronics heart rate monitors helmets hiking/camping hockey hydration lights locks lubes / cleaners mirrors mountain components personal care protective gear pumps / co2 racks/stands road components shoes skateboards skates storage strollers/trailers/seats sunglasses tires / tubes tools trainers watches brands 1st endurance 2xu 3t accelerade allen bike racks alpha-q arundel bicycle assos of switzerland avid baby jogger basket buddy bbb beljum budder bell sports bellwether beto bike ribbon birdhouse blackburn bodyglide boeshield brave soldier brooks burley cafe:ine camelbak campagnolo cane creek carb-boom! carmichael training carnac casio watches castelli challenge chamois butt'r chromax ciamillo components cinelli clif bar co-union college licensed products continental copilot craft crank brothers cycleaware cycleops cygolite cytosport deda elementi dedicated athlete defeet socks delta cycles descente dmt dogtown skateboards dznuts eas easton eddy merckx eleven81 elite eload enervit ergon etxeondo finish line fizik forze foundation skateboards fox fuel belt full speed ahead garmin gatorade gear up geax gel-bot genuine innovations giordana girl skateboards giro helmets gommitalia tires gore bike wear gravity longboards greenfield gu sports gyes habitat skateboards hammer nutrition hollywood racks honey stinger hudz hutchinson hydrapak ib-relief inertia ird jagwire jelly belly jessup kazam kenda kinetic by kurt kmc kool kovers kool-stop kryptonite lake cycling lake placid las lezyne lightweight safety limar helmets lizard skins look louis garneau master lock mavic maxxis michelin minoura mirrycle motorex nalgene nantucket bike basket nathan hydration nike timing nike vision nite rider nitto nuun obaku odi onguard locks open road orca oval concepts owl eye pace sports pake panaracer park tool usa pearl izumi pedro's pegoretti petzl phil wood pinarello planet bike polar bottle polar heart rate monitors powerbar precaryous primal wear princeton tec pro profile design progold lubricant ravx designs reynolds ritchey rock n roll roller derby royal ryders eyewear santa cruz skateboards saris cycling group schwalbe selle italia selle royal selle san marco serfas shebeest shimano ® sidi shoes sigma sport silca simple green singleworks sixsixone skinz protective gear sks slime sockguy softride soma fabrications speed demon wheels sportique sportourer sportrack sportsbalm sprintech sram stans notubes stella azzurra stop flats summit sunline swagman sweatvac syntace tacx tektro terry bicycles third eye thomson thule tifosi optics time timex titec topeak topolino wheels tour hockey tri-flow lubricant truvativ tubasi tufo two fish use valdora cycles vdo computers veloflex tires velox vetta vittoria tires vredestein vuelta wald wellgo white lightning wipperman connex world industries world jerseys wtb yakima zipp speed weaponry zoot sports ® zym get our newsletter fax/international orders power reviews bikesomewhere's online privacy policy bikesomewhere is committed to respecting the privacy rights of website visitors. the following policy describes how we collect, protect and use information we receive from website visitors. what information do we collect? how do we use your information? how do we protect visitor information? do we use "cookies"? do we disclose the information we collect to outside parties? how can you opt-out, remove, or modify information that you have provided to us? what information do we collect? we collect information from you when you register on the site, place an order, enter a contest or sweepstakes, respond to a survey or communication such as e-mail, or participate in another site feature. when ordering or registering, we may ask you for your name, date of birth, e-mail address, mailing address, daytime phone number, credit card information or other information. you may, however, visit our site anonymously or purchase without registering. for security purposes, we are not saving your credit card number on our servers, however, the credit card processing company we use does. like many websites, we use "cookies" to enhance your experience and gather information about visits to our websites. please refer to the "do we use 'cookies'?" section below for information about cookies and how we use them. we also receive and store click-stream data and other information about visits to our websites. this information is used to analyze and improve the website experience. back to top how do we use your information? we may use the information we collect from you when you register, purchase products, enter a contest or promotion, respond to a survey or marketing communication, surf the website, or use certain other site features in the following ways: to personalize your site experience and to allow us to deliver the type of content and product offerings in which you are most interested. to allow us to better service you in responding to your customer service requests. to quickly process your transactions. to administer a contest, promotion, survey or other site feature. if you have opted-in to receive bikesomewhere e-mail, we may send you periodic e-mails from bikesomewhere. if you would no longer like to receive bikesomewhere e-mail, please refer to the "how can you opt-out, remove or modify information you have provided to us?"section below. if you have not opted-in to receive bikesomewhere e-mail, you will not receive these e-mails. visitors who register or participate in other site features such as marketing programs and 'members-only' content will be given a choice whether they would like to be on our e-mail list and receive e-mail communications from us. back to top how do we protect visitor information? we implement a variety of security measures to maintain the safety of your personal information. your personal information is contained behind secured networks and is only accessible by a limited number of persons who have special access rights to such systems, and are required to keep the information confidential. when you place orders or access your personal information, we offer the use of a secure server. all sensitive/credit information you supply is transmitted via secure socket layer (ssl) technology. back to top do we use "cookies"? yes. cookies are pieces of information that a site sends to your computer while you are viewing the site. cookies work in combination with content within the site itself to capture and remember information. for instance, cookies are used to remember and process the items in your shopping cart. they are also used to track your activity and understand your preferences based on previous or current site activity. this enables us to provide you with services or to improve your site experience. we also use cookies to provide us with aggregate data about site traffic and site interaction so that we can offer better site experiences and tools in the future. we may contract with third party service providers to assist us in serving cookies, however, they are not permitted to use the information collected except to help bikesomewhere conduct and improve its business. you can choose to have your computer warn you each time a cookie is being sent, or you can choose to turn off all cookies. you do this through your browser (like netscape navigator or internet explorer) settings. each browser is a little different, so look at your browser help menu to learn the correct way to modify your cookies. if you turn cookies off, you won't have access to many features that make your site experience more efficient -- like the features mentioned above -- and some of our services will not function properly. back to top do we disclose the information we collect to outside parties? we do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information unless we provide you with advance notice, except as described below. the term "outside parties" does not include somewhereoutthere, llc.'s	wholly-owned companies. (somewhereoutthere, llc is bikesomewhere's parent company). it also does not include website hosting partners and other parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting bikesomewhere's business, or servicing you, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. we may also release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others' rights, property, or safety. however, non-personally identifiable visitor information in aggregate form may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses. back to top how can you opt-out, remove or modify information you have provided to us? to modify your e-mail subscriptions or completely opt-out of receiving bikesomewhere e-mail please let us know by modifying your preferences in the "your account" section. to delete all of your bikesomewhere online account information from our database, please email our customer relations department. please include your first name, last name, phone number and e-mail address email. note that if you request your account information to be deleted from our database, we may maintain information about an individual sales transaction in order to service that transaction and for record keeping. back to top third party links in an attempt to provide you with increased value, we may include third party links on our site. these linked sites have separate and independent privacy policies. we therefore have no responsibility or liability for the content and activities of these linked sites. nonetheless, we seek to protect the integrity of our site and welcome any feedback about these linked sites (including if a specific link does not work). changes to our policy if we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page. policy changes will apply only to information collected after the date of the change. this policy was last modified on july 1, 2004. questions and feedback we welcome your questions, comments, and concerns about privacy. please send us any and all feedback pertaining to privacy, or any other issue. terms and conditions please also visit our terms and conditions section establishing the use, disclaimers, and limitations of liability governing the use of our website. this site is operated by bikesomewhere a division of somewhereoutthere, llc. your consent by using our site, you consent to our privacy policy. © 2010 bikesomewhere.com all rights reserved privacy policy | terms & conditions | shipping/return policy | sizing charts give us your email address, and we'll update you when we have new stuff and training tips!