来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20131231012937/http://www.bikesomewhere.com/info/terms
================================================================================

bikesomewhere com: help > conditions of use sign in new customer? your account help search search for go cycle bike accessories bags & racks baskets computers indoor training lights locks lubes & cleaners mirrors pumps & co2 storage strollers & trailers tools bike components crank sets handlebars levers & shifters pedals saddles stems tires & tubes wheels all bike components bike equipment bike computers bike helmets chamois cream heart rate monitors hydration packs & bottles food & nutrition personal care shoes men bibs & shorts base layers jackets & vests long sleeve jerseys short sleeve jerseys tights & knickers wetsuits women bibs & shorts base layers jackets & vests long sleeve jerseys short sleeve jerseys sleeveless jerseys tights & knickers wetsuits run equipment sports medicine safety & reflective gear race essentials food & nutrition hydration packs personal care running apparel men's running shoes shorts tops pants & knickers outerwear baselayers triathlon women's running shoes shorts tops sports bras pants & knickers outerwear baselayers triathlon unisex arm warmers knee warmers leg warmers compression socks snowsports equipment helmets goggles - adult goggles - youth goggles - replacement lenses snowshoes car racks hydration packs ice skates - men’s ice skates - women’s ice skates - youth ice hockey men ski jackets ski pants ice skates women ski jackets ski pants ice skates active sports camping car racks compasses headlamps knives all camping golf range finders shoes - men’s shoes - women’s tennis shoes - men’s shoes - women’s water sports bodyboards wetsuits - men’s wetsuits - women’s skim boards clothing cycling booties & shoe covers gloves - full finger gloves - half finger bibs & shorts - men's bibs & shorts - women's jackets - men's jackets - women's tights & knickers - men's tights & knickers - women's warmers (arm / leg / knee) running compression outerwear - men's outerwear - women's shorts - men's shorts - women's tights & knickers - men's tights & knickers - women's tops - men's tops - women's triathlon - men's triathlon - women's snow sports jackets - men's jackets - women's pants - men's pants - women's accessories belts compression hats protective gear safety & reflective unisex t-shirts men's base layers casual tops jackets - casual jackets - cycling shorts - running shorts & bibs - cycling shorts & pants - casual swimsuits tights & knickers - cycling triathlon wetsuits women's base layers casual dresses casual tops jackets - casual jackets - cycling shorts - running shorts & bibs - cycling shorts & pants - casual sports bras swimsuits tights & knickers triathlon wetsuits footwear men's cycling shoes - road cycling shoes - mountain cycling shoes - triathlon running shoes - road running shoes - trail running shoes - track & field hiking shoes golf shoes all men’s footwear women's cycling shoes - road cycling shoes - mountain cycling shoes - triathlon running shoes - road running shoes - trail running shoes - track & field hiking shoes golf shoes volleyball shoes all women’s footwear socks socks compression socks booties/shoe covers accessories insoles pedals pedals - road bike pedals - mountain bike cleats accessories brands 2xu 3t adidas asics assos of switzerland bell sports bern see more brands . . . camelbak castelli cateye chariot continental crank brothers defeet see more brands . . . easton fuel belt giordana giro inov8 louis garneau mavic see more brands . . . michelin mizuno nathan hydration nike onguard locks park tool usa pearl izumi see more brands . . . powerbar profile design salomon saris schwalbe shimano sidi see more brands . . . sockguy sram thule topeak vittoria yakima zipp see more brands . . . guides buyers guides bicycle handlebar bicycle helmet bicycle maintenance bicycle tires car racks more . . . cycling computer cycling shoes personal care running shoes triathlon wetsuit more . . . how to guides using co2 more . . . clearance shop clearance to save up to 80% off msrp clearance new shop the newest products for cyclists, runners and other athletes. 0 item(s) in my cart checkout 0 item(s) just added subtotal: $0.00 please read the following terms and conditions of use carefully before using this website. all users of this site agree that access to and use of this site are subject to the following terms and conditions and other applicable law. if you do not agree to these terms and conditions, please do not use this site. copyright the entire content included in this site, including but not limited to text, graphics or code is copyrighted as a collective work under the united states and other copyright laws, and is the property of bikesomewhere. the collective work includes works that are licensed to bikesomewhere. © 2011, bikesomewhere. all rights reserved. permission is granted to electronically copy and print hard copy portions of this site for the sole purpose of placing an order with bikesomewhere or purchasing bikesomewhere products. you may display and, subject to any expressly stated restrictions or limitations relating to specific material, download or print portions of the material from the different areas of the site solely for your own non-commercial use, or to place an order with bikesomewhere or to purchase bikesomewhere products. any other use, including but not limited to the reproduction, distribution, display or transmission of the content of this site is strictly prohibited, unless authorized by bikesomewhere. you further agree not to change or delete any proprietary notices from materials downloaded from the site. trademarks all trademarks, service marks and trade names of bikesomewhere used in the site are trademarks or registered trademarks of bikesomewhere. all third party trademarks, service marks and trade names are used in the site are trademarks or registered trademarks of their respective companies. warranty disclaimer this site and the materials and products on this site are provided "as is" and without warranties of any kind, whether express or implied. to the fullest extent permissible pursuant to applicable law, bikesomewhere disclaims all warranties, express or implied, including, but not limited to, implied warranties of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose and non-infringement. bikesomewhere does not represent or warrant that the functions contained in the site will be uninterrupted or error-free, that the defects will be corrected, or that this site or the server that makes the site available are free of viruses or other harmful components. bikesomewhere does not make any warrantees or representations regarding the use of the materials in this site in terms of their correctness, accuracy, adequacy, usefulness, timeliness, reliability or otherwise. some states do not permit limitations or exclusions on warranties, so the above limitations may not apply to you. limitation of liability bikesomewhere shall not be liable for any special or consequential damages that result from the use of, or the inability to use, the materials on this site or the performance of the products, even if bikesomewhere has been advised of the possibility of such damages. applicable law may not allow the limitation of exclusion of liability or incidental or consequential damages, so the above limitation or exclusion may not apply to you. typographical errors in the event that a bikesomewhere product is mistakenly listed at an incorrect price, bikesomewhere reserves the right to refuse or cancel any orders placed for product listed at the incorrect price. bikesomewhere reserves the right to refuse or cancel any such orders whether or not the order has been confirmed and your credit card charged. if your credit card has already been charged for the purchase and your order is cancelled, bikesomewhere shall issue a credit to your credit card account in the amount of the incorrect price. term; termination these terms and conditions are applicable to you upon your accessing the site and/or completing the registration or shopping process. these terms and conditions, or any part of them, may be terminated by bikesomewhere without notice at any time, for any reason. the provisions relating to copyrights, trademark, disclaimer, limitation of liability, indemnification and miscellaneous, shall survive any termination. notice bikesomewhere may deliver notice to you by means of e-mail, a general notice on the site, or by other reliable method to the address you have provided to bikesomewhere. miscellaneous your use of this site shall be governed in all respects by the laws of the state of florida, u.s.a., without regard to choice of law provisions, and not by the 1980 u.n. convention on contracts for the international sale of goods. you agree that jurisdiction over and venue in any legal proceeding directly or indirectly arising out of or relating to this site (including but not limited to the purchase of bikesomewhere products) shall be in the state or federal courts located in miami-dade county, florida. any cause of action or claim you may have with respect to the site (including but not limited to the purchase of bikesomewhere products) must be commenced within one (1) year after the claim or cause of action arises. bikesomewhere's failure to insist upon or enforce strict performance of any provision of these terms and conditions shall not be construed as a waiver of any provision or right. neither the course of conduct between the parties nor trade practice shall act to modify any of these terms and conditions. bikesomewhere may assign its rights and duties under this agreement to any party at any time without notice to you. use of site harassment in any manner or form on the site, including via e-mail, chat, or by use of obscene or abusive language, is strictly forbidden. impersonation of others, including a bikesomewhere or other licensed employee, host, or representative, as well as other members or visitors on the site is prohibited. you may not upload to, distribute, or otherwise publish through the site any content which is libelous, defamatory, obscene, threatening, invasive of privacy or publicity rights, abusive, illegal, or otherwise objectionable which may constitute or encourage a criminal offense, violate the rights of any party or which may otherwise give rise to liability or violate any law. you may not upload commercial content on the site or use the site to solicit others to join or become members of any other commercial online service or other organization. participation disclaimer bikesomewhere does not and cannot review all communications and materials posted to or created by users accessing the site, and is not in any manner responsible for the content of these communications and materials. you acknowledge that by providing you with the ability to view and distribute user-generated content on the site, bikesomewhere is merely acting as a passive conduit for such distribution and is not undertaking any obligation or liability relating to any contents or activities on the site. however, bikesomewhere reserves the right to block or remove communications or materials that it determines to be (a) abusive, defamatory, or obscene, (b) fraudulent, deceptive, or misleading, (c) in violation of a copyright, trademark or; other intellectual property right of another or (d) offensive or otherwise unacceptable to bikesomewhere in its sole discretion. indemnification you agree to indemnify, defend, and hold harmless bikesomewhere, its officers, directors, employees, agents, licensors and suppliers (collectively the "service providers") from and against all losses, expenses, damages and costs, including reasonable attorneys' fees, resulting from any violation of these terms and conditions or any activity related to your account (including negligent or wrongful conduct) by you or any other person accessing the site using your internet account. third-party links in an attempt to provide increased value to our visitors, bikesomewhere may link to sites operated by third parties. however, even if the third party is affiliated with bikesomewhere, bikesomewhere has no control over these linked sites, all of which have separate privacy and data collection practices, independent of bikesomewhere. these linked sites are only for your convenience and therefore you access them at your own risk. nonetheless, bikesomewhere seeks to protect the integrity of its web site and the links placed upon it and therefore requests any feedback on not only its own site, but for sites it links to as well (including if a specific link does not work). we are social facebook twitter pinterest customer service returns/exchanges shipping rates return policy privacy policy international support contact customer service telephone: 305.648.3111 about bikesomewhere about us contact us terms and conditions bikesomewhere's blog buyers guides copyright 2014 bikesomewhere llc