来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20151230035541/https://www.dogids.com/testimonials/
================================================================================

testimonials - dogids.com it looks like you are shopping from . if this is incorrect. either change country or view the ships worldwide category. welcome to dogids! it looks like you are shopping from outside of the us and canada. to help us customize your shopping experience, please tell us where you will be shipping your order. i'm shipping to albania algeria american samoa andorra angola anguilla antigua apo fpo us argentina armenia aruba australia austria azerbaijan bahamas bahrain bangladesh barbados belarus belgium belize benin bermuda bolivia bonaire bosnia and herzegovina botswana bouvet island brazil british indian ocean territory british virgin islands brunei bulgaria burkina faso burundi cambodia cameroon canada cayman islands channel islands chile china colombia cook islands costa rica croatia curacao curacao cyprus czech republic denmark dominica dominican republic ecuador egypt el salvador equatorial guinea españa estonia falkland islands (malvinas) faroe islands fiji finland france french guiana french polynesia french southern territories gabon gambia georgia germany ghana gibraltar greece greenland grenada guadeloupe guam guatemala guernsey haiti heard island and mcdonald islands honduras hong kong hungary iceland india indonesia iraq ireland isle of man israel italy ivory coast jamaica japan jersey jordan kazakhstan kenya kiribati kuwait kyrgyzstan lao people's democratic republic latvia lebanon lesotho liberia libya liechtenstein lithuania luxembourg macau macedonia madagascar malawi malaysia maldives mali malta marshall islands martinique mauritania mauritius mayotte mexico micronesia, federated states of moldova monaco mongolia montenegro montserrat morocco mozambique namibia nepal netherlands netherlands antilles new caledonia new zealand nicaragua nigeria niue norfolk island north mariana island northern mariana islands norway oman pakistan palau panama papua new guinea paraguay peru philippines poland portugal puerto rico qatar reunion romania russia saint barthélemy saint kitts saint lucia saint maarten saint pierre and miquelon saint vincent and the grenadines san marino saudi arabia scotland(uk) senegal serbia seychelles sierra leone singapore slovakia slovenia solomon islands somalia south africa south korea sri lanka st. croix suriname swaziland sweden switzerland tahiti taiwan thailand timor-leste togo tonga trinidad and tobago tunisia turkey turks and caicos ukraine united arab emirates united kingdom united states uruguay us virgin islands uzbekistan vanuatu vatican city venezuela vietnam western samoa zambia zimbabwe learn more about the dogids international shipping policies. only the best for man's best friend. contact us need help? 800-720-8247 welcome, guest sign in or register submit 0 submit 0 contact us need help? 800-720-8247 welcome, guest sign in or register free personalization lifetime guaranteed products made in usa easy returns shipping info flat rate shipping starting at $2.95!* our blog free personalization lifetime guaranteed products made in the usa easy returns shipping info our blog flat rate shipping starting at $2.95!* shop categories home shop all dog collars personalized dog collars braided nylon & rope dog collars designer dog collars dog collar accessories leather dog collars nylon webbing dog collars small dog & puppy collars reflective & lighted dog collars dog training collars waterproof & smell resistant dog collars dog id tags artisan dog id tags dog collar charms dog tag accessories qr code dog id tags personalized dog collar buckles rivet-on dog collar name plates slide-on dog collar name plates sports team dog tags traditional metal dog id tags unique dog id tags dog beds dog crate mats & pads outdoor dog beds personalized dog beds travel dog beds orthopedic dog beds dog leashes braided nylon dog leashes leather dog leashes nylon webbing dog leashes personalized dog leashes reflective & lighted dog leashes mendota slip leads & martingale leashes specialty dog leashes water & odor resistant leashes dog harnesses dog containment dog crates, carriers & accessories dog doors dog gates dog bowls & feeding accessories dog food mats elevated dog bowls travel dog bowls & feeding accessories personalized dog bowls dog dish placemats dog supplies dog health & safety dog training supplies dog treats and chews more dog accessories dog apparel dog travel accessories dog toys electronic dog products pet memorials and urns personalized pet products mendota dog products dog products made in the usa! dog collars made in the usa all other dog products made in the usa dog bowls & feeding accessories made in the usa dog beds made in the usa dog containment made in the usa dog leashes made in the usa dog supplies made in the usa pet id tags made in the usa eco friendly dog products cat id tags gifts for dog lovers graphic tees dog lover gifts by erin charity gifts that give back personalized gifts for dog lovers river's picks dogids signature products custom dog tags pet memorials popular products dog id tags dog id tags artisan dog id tags traditional metal pet tags qr code dog id tags personalized dog collar buckles rivet-on dog collar name plates slide-on dog collar name plates sports team pet id tags unique dog id tags dog tag accessories collars dog collars scrufftag personalized dog collars personalized buckle dog collars embroidered dog collars qr code dog collars leather collars nylon dog collars small dog & puppy collars reflective & lighted dog collars dog training collars waterproof & smell resistant dog collars braided nylon & rope dog collars designer dog collars leashes dog leashes braided dog leashes leather dog leashes nylon webbing dog leashes personalized dog leashes slip leads & martingale leashes specialty dog leashes waterproof & smell resistant dog leashes personalized personalized pet products personalized dog collars personalized dog leashes personalized dog bowls personalized dog beds personalized dog id tags personalized dog mats personalized dog lover gifts scrufftag collars custom dog tags sale dogids.com testimonials a little of what our happy customers say. our field golden retriever "chelsea bear" went for an unsupervised walk yesterday! lucky 2 young girls found her walking alone past our city library. she was safely returned home. why? the girls explained they saw her name & address on her dogids collar. thank you! gail - wauwatosa, wi hands down the greatest dog collar and tags ever! i run hog dogs in sime rough, dirty terrain and these are the first collars i've had that've lasted more than 6mo. and since nobody wants to kneel down and try to find tags on my 90lb dogo argentino, or my high energy (aka wild!) black mouth curs the scruff tags make it easy to just stand above the dogs from behind and dial the number/read the tag info. i'll never use anything else! johnny - fresno, ca i purchased my dog's first dogids leather collar about 2 years ago and surprisingly it's still in good condition, which is amazing considering my dog is quite active. their product is a little on the expensive side, but it's definitely worth it. not only is their product great, but their customer service is just as good. i recently ordered my dog's second leather collar and when it arrived it was too big for my dog. i called dogids and with no questions, no hassle shelby asked me to ship it back to them and told me i would get a new one. i will definitely continue to be a dogids customer and i would recommend dogids to anyone who is looking for a product that lasts and continues to look nice even over time. elza - santa ana, ca we just received our new english bridle leather personalized dog collar today and... it is absolutely beautiful! we have a "runner" here, she just doesn't know any better. though we do our absolute best to contain her the occasional "free roam" is inevitable! we feel so much better just having a great collar on, with her name and address for a quick recovery if need be. thank you for all you do! jake - rolling meadows, il i just received the bone shaped dog id tag for jasper, you guys/girls are absolutely fantastic!! i just ordered this tag two days ago and it looks great. love the engraving style. we changed our phone # so i needed a new id tag. i will have to order another for florida this fall with the new phone #. i have told several people about your company. thank you for the great service and good looking id tag. heather - fairfield, ct ordered an english bridle leather collar w/nameplate on 4/29/10. received it the next day! it is a beautiful collar and exactly what we were looking for. excellent product, excellent service. thank you for exceeding all expections. john - edina, mn great online seller. fast shipping, quality products. i like the stainless and nickle tags i can have inscribed on both sides. highly recommended! stephen - sun lakes, az thank you for the incredible customer service. my order arrived so quick, and i absolutely love my personalized dog collar. it looks so cute on my chocolate lab karla - tonawanda, ny the lettering looks great, the material looks quality, and most of all my dog does not want to take it off. when i was adjusting her collar she didn't want me to touch it. i would recommend this product to any one. guido - bay shore, ny i got one of the double weave with nameplate - very very well done - great site. i research a lot before buying when it's something i'm not familiar with, the site was easy to understand and my buddy loves this collar. i've highly recommended them to all my dog loving friends - cat lovers too lol rm - yogaville, va great product. quality tags. quick shipping. highly recommended. shane - mckinney, tx fast! accurate! product exactly as described! carolyn - redlands, ca nice selection and quick delivery. love the product. susan - columbia city, in quick - easy - accurate. can't ask for more! steffanie - germantown, tn fantastic purchase of dog i.d. tags. arrived in excellent condition and within a few days. will buy from again! anonymous - the interwebs super-duper service!!!!! you're the best. thanks, robert great seller! we received our dog tags very quickly and they were exactly what we wanted. i looked all over to find the type of tag that i was wanting, and dogids was the first place i found that actually had what i wanted. the tags are very durable and high quality. i'd highly recommend this seller. melissa - st. louis, mo i've been consistently pleased with the quality of your engraved tags. this is the site i recommend to friends looking for collar tags! many thanks jessie - bothell, wa the website is very easy to navigate and easy to place an order. the cost of the product and shipping were more than reasonable and the product is excellent! other places want a similar amount for a product that isn't even half as nice as the one i ordered! it arrived very quickly (faster than a product i ordered four days before it from another site) and it looks absolutely adorable on my little doggy! i definitely recommend this site if you're looking to buy something for your pet! 5 stars! elizabeth - fall river, ma just what i was looking for plain simple and stainless steel looked all over the net and was pleased to find these name tags at a very reasonable price, arrived almost immediately! marianne - cloudland, ga received the collars today. that was quick!!! they look great....you've got our future business. thanks again. rich - pollock pines, ca just got my order; great work. fast service, darling product and duchess is happy with the little tag holder for a quick on and off. in a world filled with negligent customer service...it is wonderful to be the recipient of dogids.com wonderful service. thank you so much. susan and duchess i received 2 mendota leather collars with solid brass hardware and 4 name tags this week from you. i am very impressed with the quality and the fact that they are american made. my dogs look especially handsome with them on. thank you! chris - lansing, mi dog id's provides excellent options and great work. i have had problems finding quality tags that hold up and have quality engraving. dog id's has both..... excellent firm. paul - chapel hill, nc i just wanted to let whomever is in charge of your customer service know how pleased i am - again- with your company. every time i've ordered tags, they are done beautifully and sent very quickly.i love you folks! thank you so much for being a reputable, easy, reliable company. thanks again, abby & janet (and ziggy.) outstanding experience; items match the pictures on the website, descriptions are very clear. vendor is communicative all the way, from point of purchase to shipping. every other online company should take a lesson. holly - los angeles, ca i received all the dog name tags that i ordered from your company in todays mail. i just wanted you to know that everything was perfect, exactly like i had asked it to be and i am very pleased. i have had a couple bad experiences from a few other company's online, so i was a little unsure when placing this order. i will keep your company's info as i order new tags from time to time and will always give you my business as well as pass it along to my friends. thank you again for such professional fast service chuck i was very pleased with the quality of your brass tags. your font and engraving quality are much more readable than any others i've purchased. thanks --rs perfect experience! they had exactly what i needed, and the ordering and delivery process was super-easy and super-fast. i will definitely order from them again. anonymous - the interwebs extremely satisfied with my purchase. the quality of the products and customer service was excellent. i will be spreading the word about your store! dave i just wanted to let you know that i received my dog id tags today. they are extremely well made and attractive. thanks! cassandra great service and quality of merchandise. ordered on 14th and recd on the 18th. what better service would one want. would recommend to anyone. anonymous - the interwebs i just received my brass collar plate for my dog. not only am i very impressed with the product, but that it got to canada so quickly. thanks so much. lynda johnson great product - visible and easy to read - i told all my friends - i wish i had these years ago! they also came in a timely manner with easy to use instructions. thanks! karen blanchette great company with some nice merchandise. absolutely no problems, and i received my personalized tag very quickly! anonymous - the interwebs quality of the tags was great. the ease of making a purchase was outstanding. i will shop here again for other gifts. ordered on a monday and i received the tags on saturday. anonymous - the interwebs just wanted to say thanks on the high quality job on my recent tag order. fast service and look forward to returning in the future. thanks toney i couldnt be happier. i actually looked at a few other sites, and this one not only had the best selection, but it had the best prices too. i received my order quickly and it came exactly as advertised. anonymous - the interwebs i just received the rolled english bridle leather collar and 4 leash and the quality was absolutely magnificent.. anonymous - the interwebs subscribe to our newsletter. we believe in giving back to the animals in our lives who give us so much. if you do too, be our pal! dogids blog facebook pinterest twitter google+ youtube need help or have a question? call us! 800.720.8247 monday through friday, 9am to 5pm cst. did you know? our company about us affiliate program custom dog tags careers privacy policy site map artisan partners our favorite dog videos join our newsletter site map customer service my account help contact us shipping information return & exchange policy testimonials activate your qr code product installation & sizing guides nameplate installation instructions as seen on © copyright dogids.com. all rights reserved.