来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20171228062001/https://www.dogids.com/privacy-policy/
================================================================================

privacy policy - dogids.com shipping to ? if this is incorrect, change country. to view products available to you, visit the ships worldwide category. please note, all prices will be in us dollars. welcome to dogids! it looks like you are shopping from outside of the us and canada. to help us customize your shopping experience, please tell us where you will be shipping your order. i'm shipping to albania algeria american samoa andorra angola anguilla antigua apo fpo us argentina armenia aruba australia austria azerbaijan bahamas bahrain bangladesh barbados belarus belgium belize benin bermuda bolivia bonaire bosnia and herzegovina botswana bouvet island brazil british indian ocean territory british virgin islands brunei bulgaria burkina faso burundi cambodia cameroon canada cayman islands channel islands chile china colombia cook islands costa rica croatia curacao curacao cyprus czech republic denmark dominica dominican republic ecuador egypt el salvador equatorial guinea españa estonia falkland islands (malvinas) faroe islands fiji finland france french guiana french polynesia french southern territories gabon gambia georgia germany ghana gibraltar greece greenland grenada guadeloupe guam guatemala guernsey haiti heard island and mcdonald islands honduras hong kong hungary iceland india indonesia iraq ireland isle of man israel italy ivory coast jamaica japan jersey jordan kazakhstan kenya kiribati kuwait kyrgyzstan lao people's democratic republic latvia lebanon lesotho liberia libya liechtenstein lithuania luxembourg macau macedonia madagascar malawi malaysia maldives mali malta marshall islands martinique mauritania mauritius mayotte mexico micronesia, federated states of moldova monaco mongolia montenegro montserrat morocco mozambique namibia nepal netherlands netherlands antilles new caledonia new zealand nicaragua nigeria niue norfolk island north mariana island northern mariana islands norway oman pakistan palau panama papua new guinea paraguay peru philippines poland portugal puerto rico qatar reunion romania russia saint barthélemy saint kitts saint lucia saint maarten saint pierre and miquelon saint vincent and the grenadines san marino saudi arabia scotland(uk) senegal serbia seychelles sierra leone singapore slovakia slovenia solomon islands somalia south africa south korea sri lanka st. croix suriname swaziland sweden switzerland tahiti taiwan thailand timor-leste togo tonga trinidad and tobago tunisia turkey turks and caicos ukraine united arab emirates united kingdom united states uruguay us virgin islands uzbekistan vanuatu vatican city venezuela vietnam western samoa zambia zimbabwe learn more about the dogids international shipping policies. only the best for your best friend. need help? 800-720-8247 welcome, guest sign in or register 0 submit 0 need help? 800-720-8247 welcome, guest sign in or register personalization lifetime guarantee made in usa easy returns & exchanges shipping - starts at $2.95* about our pack our how-to dog blog shop categories home shop all dog collars personalized dog collars designer dog collars embroidered dog collars waterproof & smell resistant dog collars leather dog collars nylon webbing dog collars small dog & puppy collars reflective & led dog collars martingale dog collars braided nylon & rope dog collars dog training collars dog collar accessories dog id tags traditional metal dog id tags sports team dog tags unique dog id tags slide-on dog collar name plates rivet-on dog collar name plates artisan dog id tags dog tag accessories qr code dog id tags personalized dog collar buckles dog beds personalized dog beds orthopedic dog beds dog crate mats & pads travel dog beds dog leashes personalized dog leashes leather dog leashes nylon webbing dog leashes water & odor resistant leashes braided nylon dog leashes reflective & led dog leashes slip leads & martingale leashes specialty dog leashes dog harnesses dogs in the house dog crates dog doors dog gates dog beds dog bowls & feeding accessories dog food mats elevated dog bowls travel dog bowls & feeding accessories personalized dog bowls dog dish placemats dog supplies dog health & safety dog skin care products dog training supplies dog treats and chews dog toys dog apparel dog sweaters dog shirts dog coats dog boots dog vests dog travel accessories new products gifts for dog lovers dog lover apparel dog lover shirts dog lover hoodies dog lover gifts by erin charity gifts that give back personalized gifts for dog lovers personalized pet products mendota dog products dog products made in the usa! dog collars made in the usa all other dog products made in the usa dog bowls & feeding accessories made in the usa dog beds made in the usa dog containment made in the usa dog leashes made in the usa dog supplies made in the usa pet id tags made in the usa seasonal dog products valentine's day dog products christmas dog products st. patrick's day dog products halloween dog products dog wedding attire eco friendly dog products cat id tags river's picks dogids signature products hunting dog products service dog supplies pet memorials pet urns top rated products wholesale orders id tags dog id tags traditional metal pet tags unique dog id tags slide-on dog collar name plates rivet-on dog collar name plates sports team pet id tags dog tag accessories collars dog collars scrufftag personalized dog collars leather collars nylon dog collars reflective & led dog collars waterproof & smell resistant dog collars designer dog collars leashes dog leashes leather dog leashes nylon webbing dog leashes personalized dog leashes slip leads & martingale leashes specialty dog leashes waterproof & smell resistant dog leashes dog apparel dog apparel dog apparel dog sweaters dog shirts dog coats dog boots dog vests dogs in the house dogs in the house dog beds dog bowls dog mats dog gates dog crates dog doors scrufftag collars sale dogids help desk help center help desk home activate your qr code shipping, returns & guarantee questions sizing & product installation guides contact us dogids information engraving faq's engraving examples engraving fonts nameplate installation instructions what is polypropylene? what is english bridle leather? terms & statements privacy policy dogids privacy policy this privacy policy is subject to change at any time. by accessing our website or any of our products or services, you agree to the terms of our privacy policy, as may be revised or amended. dogids.com values your trust. your privacy is important. best technology available. personal information security of your transactions. product and service preferences. e-mail and direct mail offers. surveys. legal requirements. change happens. non-personal information. cookies. website usage, traffic and purchasing patterns. hyperlinks. comments. dogids.com values your trust. we value your trust -- so we have taken great care to inform you in this policy what we do and do not do with information that you provide us in the course of using our website, purchasing our products or using our services. your privacy is important. we use our best efforts to maintain the personal information you give to us in a secure, safe and responsible manner within dogids.com. customer information, whether public or private, will not be sold, exchanged, transferred, or given to any other company who intends to use it for marketing purposes without the consent of the customer, other than for the express purpose of delivering the purchased product to the customer and improving the shopping experience for all of our customers. best technology available. we take every precaution to ensure that your credit card information is secure. we utilize ssl (secure sockets layer), the industry standard security protocol. all of your ordering information is encrypted using this secure server for maximum security. personal information. when you purchase our products and/or services over the phone or on-line, as well as when you participate in our surveys, you provide us with information. depending upon what information you provide to us and whether, and where, you purchase products and/or services, the information we receive may include your name, mailing, billing and/or shipping address, telephone number, driver's license number, birth date, form of payment, e-mail address, pet information, product and service preferences, what you purchased and where (i.e., telephone and/or website). if you use a credit or debit card or pay by check, the information we receive will include your account number and your form of payment. we use the information you provide to service your account, to ship an order to you, to provide warranty service on products and/or services you purchased, and to personalize your experience with dogids.com. security of your transactions. we have policies and procedures in place to ensure that information you share with us is handled in a safe, secure and responsible manner. we use encryption and other types of technology to reasonably protect and safeguard your personal information and transactions. whether your purchases are on-line and/or via telephone, we never display your full credit card information. for your safety and protection, your credit card information is not stored on our servers. our payment gateway provider, authorize.net, keeps this information encrypted and secure on your behalf. product and service preferences. you have the option within the website, or when ordering by phone, to provide us with information about your product and/or service preferences, pet information or other interests. you may also provide us with product and service preference information when you participate in our surveys and questionnaires. we use this information to improve the level of customization in our website and to provide better recommendations for you and your pet. e-mail and direct mail offers. to offer you and your pet additional value, we may also use your mailing, shipping and/or billing address or e-mail address you have provided us to send you special offers from time to time that would be of interest to you. surveys. from time to time, we may randomly contact customers about participating in a survey about our products, services and/or website. your feedback helps us identify customer needs, levels of satisfaction, and improve and/or develop new products and services for you and your pet. these surveys are always voluntary. if you decide to opt-in to our mailing list, you will receive emails that may include company news, updates, related product or service information, promotions, etc. however, you may opt-out at any time by clicking the unsubscribe button at the bottom of the email we send you. legal requirements. on rare occasions, we may be required to disclose personal information pursuant to lawful requests, such as subpoenas or court orders, or as required by applicable laws. also, if the ownership of all or a part of dogids.com was to change, customer information pertinent to that business's operations would likely be transferred to, or licensed for use by, the new owner. change happens. we are continually improving our services, offerings, and products to you. this includes adding new functionality and features to our website. because of these changes, changes in technology and/or the law, this privacy policy will change from time to time. we encourage you to review it each time you visit our website to make sure you understand our current practices and policies. non-personal information. when you visit our website, we may collect information about you that is not personally identifiable such as the type of internet browser or operating system you have, or the domain name of the website from which you linked to our site. cookies. cookies are small pieces of information stored on your computer when you view our website and/or advertisements. a cookie lets us recognize you, keep track of your shopping cart and provide a more meaningful and personalized shopping experience when you visit our site again. website usage, traffic and purchasing patterns. we keep track of customer purchases, related traffic patterns and site usage within our website to help us provide superior customer service and convenient access to our products and services, direct our merchandise orders, and improve customer access, website responsiveness and usefulness of the website. we may use third-party vendors, such as google analytics, to advertise to our customers online. these third-party vendors may display our advertisements on other websites based on users’ internet usage. more specifically, these vendors use first-party cookies (such as the google analytic cookie), third-party cookies (such as the doubleclick cookie) and email together to inform, optimize, and serve ads based on a user’s past visits to our website. this process may result in our advertisements showing up on other dynamic pages you visit. any information that these third parties collect via cookies is not linked to any personal information we collect or you provide on the website. hyperlinks. we have agreements with third parties that allow you to go to their website from our website. if you link to these websites from our website, you may be asked to give information to them. please be aware that once you have left our website, dogids.com is no longer your host, does not control, and is not responsible for, the policies or practices of the third party and its website. we encourage you to check each website's privacy policy. our policy solely applies to dogids.com. comments. if you have any questions or comments about our privacy policy, please contact us at (800) 720-8247 or send us an e-mail at admin@dogids.com. our hours of operation are monday through friday 9:00 a.m. cst - 5:00 p.m. cst. this privacy policy is subject to change at any time. subscribe to our newsletter. we believe in giving back to the animals in our lives who give us so much. if you do too, be our pal! dogids blog facebook pinterest twitter google+ youtube need help or have a question? service@dogids.com call us! 800.720.8247 monday - thursday, 8am to 6pm cst. friday, 9am to 5pm cst. did you know? our company about us join our email newsletter sponsor.dog paw it forward donation program refer-a-friend career opportunities our artisan partners privacy policy site map customer service my account contact us help center shipping, returns & exchanges testimonials activate your qr code product installation & sizing guides nameplate installation instructions commercial & wholesale orders as seen on © copyright 2017 dogids.com. all rights reserved.