来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20180827191422/https://www.dogids.com/privacy-policy/
================================================================================

privacy policy for our customers - dogids menu search cart cart-close wishlist arrow-down star star-empty chevron-right chevron-left arrow-right arrow-left close close-small remove radio-unchecked radio-checked checkbox-unchecked checkbox-checked facebook flickr google-plus instagram kickstarter linkedin mail pinterest print reddit rss spotify stumbleupon tumblr twitter vimeo vine youtube alert-info alert-fail alert-success open arrow hamburger grid icon-visa icon-mastercard icon-american-express icon-discover icon-paypal save 25% on our picks for summer! sale 800-720-8247 dog collars shop all dog collars personalized dog collars shop all personalized dog collars waterproof collars nameplate dog collars embroidered collars leather collars nylon collars reflective collars designer collars hunting collars dog training collars shop all dog training collars slip collars martingale collars led dog collars dog collar accessories shop all dog collar accessories personalized dog collar buckles dog tags shop all dog tags traditional metal tags shop all traditional metal tags round tags bone tags unique shaped tags stainless steel tags brass tags unique dog tags shop all unique dog tags colorful dog tags designer tags plastic tags funny tags handmade dog tags dog collar nameplates shop all dog collar nameplates slide on nameplates rivet on nameplates sports themed tags shop all sports themed tags mlb dog id tags nfl dog id tags ncaa dog id tags nhl dog id tags nba dog id tags dog tag accessories leashes shop all leashes nylon leashes shop all nylon leashes standard nylon leashes braided nylon leashes personalized leashes leather leashes waterproof leashes martingale leashes slip leashes reflective & led leashes specialty leashes harnesses shop all harnesses supplies shop all supplies dog health & safety shop all dog health & safety skin care first aid heating & cooling reflective & led products supplements for dogs dog beds & containment shop all dog beds & containment dog beds dog crates dog gates dog doors dog apparel shop all dog apparel dog sweaters dog coats dog vests dog boots feeding supplies shop all feeding supplies elevated dog bowls bowls feeding mats personalized bowls dog treats shop all dog treats dog chews training supplies shop all training supplies hunting dog supplies service dog supplies travel accessories dog toys mendota pet products gifts for dog lovers shop all gifts for dog lovers charity gifts that give back gift certificate usd us dollars all amd aud awg bdt bgn bhd bmd brl bzd cad chf cny crc czk dkk dop egp eur gbp gel gtq hnl hrk huf idr ils inr isk jpy kes khr krw kzt mkd mur mxn myr nio nok npr nzd omr pen php pkr pln qar ron rub sek thb try ttd twd uah ugx uzs vnd zar sign in sign in cart 0 your cart your cart is empty only the best for your best friend. dog collars shop all dog collars personalized dog collars shop all personalized dog collars waterproof collars nameplate dog collars embroidered collars leather collars nylon collars reflective collars designer collars hunting collars dog training collars shop all dog training collars slip collars martingale collars led dog collars dog collar accessories shop all dog collar accessories personalized dog collar buckles dog tags shop all dog tags traditional metal tags shop all traditional metal tags round tags bone tags unique shaped tags stainless steel tags brass tags unique dog tags shop all unique dog tags colorful dog tags designer tags plastic tags funny tags handmade dog tags dog collar nameplates shop all dog collar nameplates slide on nameplates rivet on nameplates sports themed tags shop all sports themed tags mlb dog id tags nfl dog id tags ncaa dog id tags nhl dog id tags nba dog id tags dog tag accessories leashes shop all leashes nylon leashes shop all nylon leashes standard nylon leashes braided nylon leashes personalized leashes leather leashes waterproof leashes martingale leashes slip leashes reflective & led leashes specialty leashes harnesses shop all harnesses supplies shop all supplies dog health & safety shop all dog health & safety skin care first aid heating & cooling reflective & led products supplements for dogs dog beds & containment shop all dog beds & containment dog beds dog crates dog gates dog doors dog apparel shop all dog apparel dog sweaters dog coats dog vests dog boots feeding supplies shop all feeding supplies elevated dog bowls bowls feeding mats personalized bowls dog treats shop all dog treats dog chews training supplies shop all training supplies hunting dog supplies service dog supplies travel accessories dog toys mendota pet products gifts for dog lovers shop all gifts for dog lovers charity gifts that give back gift certificate usd us dollars all amd aud awg bdt bgn bhd bmd brl bzd cad chf cny crc czk dkk dop egp eur gbp gel gtq hnl hrk huf idr ils inr isk jpy kes khr krw kzt mkd mur mxn myr nio nok npr nzd omr pen php pkr pln qar ron rub sek thb try ttd twd uah ugx uzs vnd zar sign in sign in cart 0 your cart your cart is empty sign in cart 0 your cart your cart is empty privacy policy home privacy policy help menu help center home returns & exchanges shipping information lifetime guarantee sizing guides installation & activation guides contact us frequently asked questions account & ordering faqs product faqs material & care faqs about laser engraving terms & statements privacy policy dogids privacy policy this privacy policy is subject to change at any time. by accessing our website or any of our products or services, you agree to the terms of our privacy policy, as may be revised or amended. we value your trust when you shop at dogids.com, we want to do our best to provide you with the best service & products that we can. that includes keeping your information safe and only using it when necessary. what do you do with my information? do you share my information with anyone? are my payments processed securely? when will you email me? will you send me regular email marketing? what are cookies? what does dogids use cookies for? what other information does dogids track? legal information what if i have more questions on this policy? what do you do with my information? when you purchase our products over the phone or online, you provide us with basic information. this information may include: billing and/or shipping address, telephone number, form of payment, email address, pet information, product and service preferences, what you purchased and where (i.e., telephone and/or website). we use that information you provide to service your account, to ship an order to you, to provide warranty service on products and/or services you purchased, and to personalize your experience with our company. do you share my information with anyone? customer information, whether public or private, will not be sold, exchanged, transferred, or given to any other company who intends to use it for marketing purposes without the consent of the customer, other than for the express purpose of delivering the purchased product to the customer and improving the shopping experience for all of our customers. all data is requested, but can be removed at any time. any information provided is used to track orders and use in marketing, if you have selected to join our mailing list. this data is tracked for 36 months, and can be removed at any time per request of customer. are my payments processed securely? we use encryption and other types of technology to reasonably protect and safeguard your personal information and transactions, whether you purchase via a credit card, amazon pay or paypal. if you pay for your purchase with credit card, whether it’s online or via telephone, we will never display or store your full credit card information. for your safety and protection, your credit card information is not stored on our servers. our payment gateway provider, braintree, keeps this information encrypted and secure on your behalf. we utilize ssl (secure sockets layer), the industry standard security protocol. all of your ordering information is encrypted using this secure server for maximum security. when will you email me? we do ask that all orders are placed using an email address so that dogids may send you a receipt for your purchase, notify you of status changes in regards to your order and notify you when your order is shipped. those are the main emails you will recieve when you purchase a product from us. 45 days after your purchase, you will also receive an email requesting that you submit a product review via our third party review platform, yotpo. it is your choice if you decide to submit a product review through this platform. they will send one additional email asking for a review if you don’t complete it after the first email. turnto is also the service that provides question and answer options for our customers on the website. you may occasionally get an email asking for your perspective on a product for a current customer. you may choose to unsubscribe at any time from that marketing. will you send me regular email marketing? if you choose to join our marketing email list, we will send out regular email newsletters to the address that you gave us with promotions, dog owner tips and new product announcements. you can unsubscribe from our marketing emails at any time using the unsubscribe link at the bottom of the emails. you can join our email list here. what are cookies? cookies are small files which are stored on a user's computer. they can hold a small amount of data specific to a particular client and website, and can be accessed either by the web server or the client computer. this allows the server to deliver a page tailored to a particular user, or the page itself can contain some script which is aware of the data in the cookie and so is able to carry information from one visit to the website (or related site) to the next. depending on the web browser you use, you may be able to customize how much of your website browsing is being tracked with cookies. what does dogids use cookies for? we use cookies to help us serve you better. we track the items in your shopping cart, understand and save your information for future visits,aggregate data about site traffic and site interaction. this helps us improve our site’s functionality and to offer our customers what they want. we may contract with third-party service providers to assist us in better understanding our site visitors. these providers are not allowed to use the information collected on our behalf except to help us conduct and improve our shopping experience. what other information does dogids track? we keep track of customer purchases, related traffic patterns and site usage within our website to help us provide superior customer service and convenient access to our products and services, direct our merchandise orders, and improve customer access, website responsiveness and usefulness of the website. we may use third-party vendors, such as google analytics, to advertise to our customers online. these third-party vendors may display our advertisements on other websites based on users’ internet usage. more specifically, these vendors use first-party cookies (such as the google analytic cookie), third-party cookies and email together to inform, optimize, and serve ads based on a user’s past visits to our website. this process may result in our advertisements showing up on other dynamic pages you visit. any information that these third parties collect via cookies is not linked to any personal information we collect or you provide on the website. this information will be available for 36 months. when you visit our website, we may collect information about you that is not personally identifiable such as the type of internet browser or operating system you have, or the domain name of the website from which you linked to our site. this also helps us improve the experience on our website. legal information on rare occasions, we may be required to disclose personal information pursuant to lawful requests, such as subpoenas or court orders, or as required by applicable laws. also, if the ownership of all or a part of dogids was to change, customer information pertinent to that business's operations would likely be transferred to, or licensed for use by, the new owner. we have agreements with third parties that allow you to go to their website from our website. if you link to these websites from our website, you may be asked to give information to them. please be aware that once you have left our website, dogids.com is no longer your host, does not control, and is not responsible for, the policies or practices of the third party and its website. we encourage you to check each website's privacy policy. our policy solely applies to dogids. what if i have more questions on this policy? if you have any questions or comments about our privacy policy, please contact us at (800) 720-8247 or send us an e-mail at service@dogids.com. our hours of operation are monday through friday 9:00 a.m. cst - 5:00 p.m. cst. subscribe to our newsletter join our email list for deals, pet parent tips and new products! email only the best for your best friend. need help or have a question? monday - friday, 9am to 5pm cst. service@dogids.com 800-720-8247 customer service my account customer help center returns & exchanges shipping information sizing guides commercial orders international shipping top categories dog collars personalized dog collars leather dog collars dog id tags dog leashes dog harnesses dog supplies our company about our pack our blog paw it forward career opportunities made in the usa privacy policy site map dogids site reviews © 2013 - dogids. all rights reserved.