来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20191216150717/https://www.dogids.com/dog-leashes/
================================================================================

find the best dog leashes | free shipping on select orders | dogids menu search cart cart-close wishlist arrow-down star star-empty chevron-right chevron-left arrow-right arrow-left close close-small remove radio-unchecked radio-checked checkbox-unchecked checkbox-checked facebook flickr google-plus instagram kickstarter linkedin mail pinterest print reddit rss spotify stumbleupon tumblr twitter vimeo vine youtube alert-info alert-fail alert-success open arrow hamburger grid icon-visa icon-mastercard icon-american-express icon-discover icon-paypal free shipping over $49! bulk orders sale 800-720-8247 i i i i i i dog collars shop all dog collars personalized dog collars shop all personalized dog collars scrufftag collars nameplate collars embroidered collars waterproof collars leather collars nylon collars reflective collars designer collars dog training collars shop all dog training collars slip collars martingale collars hunting collars led dog collars dog collar accessories shop all dog collar accessories personalized dog collar buckles dog tags shop all dog tags traditional metal tags shop all traditional metal tags round tags bone tags unique shaped tags stainless steel tags brass tags unique dog tags shop all unique dog tags colorful dog tags designer tags plastic tags funny tags handmade dog tags dog collar nameplates shop all dog collar nameplates slide on nameplates rivet on nameplates sports themed tags shop all sports themed tags mlb dog id tags nfl dog id tags ncaa dog id tags nhl dog id tags nba dog id tags dog tag accessories leashes shop all leashes nylon leashes shop all nylon leashes standard nylon leashes braided nylon leashes personalized leashes leather leashes waterproof leashes martingale leashes slip leashes reflective leashes specialty leashes harnesses shop all harnesses supplies shop all supplies dog health & safety shop all dog health & safety skin care first aid heating & cooling reflective & led products supplements for dogs feeding supplies shop all feeding supplies elevated dog bowls bowls feeding mats personalized bowls dog apparel shop all dog apparel dog sweaters dog coats dog vests dog boots dog beds & containment shop all dog beds & containment personalized dog beds orthopedic dog beds training supplies shop all training supplies hunting dog supplies service dog supplies travel accessories mendota pet products gifts for dog lovers dog toys dog treats dog chews usd aed all amd ang aud awg azn bbd bdt bgn bhd bmd bob brl bsd bwp bzd cad chf cny crc czk djf dkk dop egp etb eur fkp gbp gel gip gmd gnf gtq gyd hnl hrk huf idr ils inr isk jmd jpy kes kgs khr kmf krw kyd kzt lak mga mkd mnt mro mur mwk mxn myr mzn nio nok npr nzd omr pen pgk php pkr pln qar ron rub rwf sar sbd scr sek srd szl thb top try ttd twd tzs uah ugx us dollars uyu uzs vnd vuv xaf xcd xof xpf zar zmw sign in i i sign in cart 0 your cart i your cart is empty only the best for your best friend. i i i dog collars shop all dog collars personalized dog collars shop all personalized dog collars scrufftag collars nameplate collars embroidered collars waterproof collars leather collars nylon collars reflective collars designer collars dog training collars shop all dog training collars slip collars martingale collars hunting collars led dog collars dog collar accessories shop all dog collar accessories personalized dog collar buckles dog tags shop all dog tags traditional metal tags shop all traditional metal tags round tags bone tags unique shaped tags stainless steel tags brass tags unique dog tags shop all unique dog tags colorful dog tags designer tags plastic tags funny tags handmade dog tags dog collar nameplates shop all dog collar nameplates slide on nameplates rivet on nameplates sports themed tags shop all sports themed tags mlb dog id tags nfl dog id tags ncaa dog id tags nhl dog id tags nba dog id tags dog tag accessories leashes shop all leashes nylon leashes shop all nylon leashes standard nylon leashes braided nylon leashes personalized leashes leather leashes waterproof leashes martingale leashes slip leashes reflective leashes specialty leashes harnesses shop all harnesses supplies shop all supplies dog health & safety shop all dog health & safety skin care first aid heating & cooling reflective & led products supplements for dogs feeding supplies shop all feeding supplies elevated dog bowls bowls feeding mats personalized bowls dog apparel shop all dog apparel dog sweaters dog coats dog vests dog boots dog beds & containment shop all dog beds & containment personalized dog beds orthopedic dog beds training supplies shop all training supplies hunting dog supplies service dog supplies travel accessories mendota pet products gifts for dog lovers dog toys dog treats dog chews usd aed all amd ang aud awg azn bbd bdt bgn bhd bmd bob brl bsd bwp bzd cad chf cny crc czk djf dkk dop egp etb eur fkp gbp gel gip gmd gnf gtq gyd hnl hrk huf idr ils inr isk jmd jpy kes kgs khr kmf krw kyd kzt lak mga mkd mnt mro mur mwk mxn myr mzn nio nok npr nzd omr pen pgk php pkr pln qar ron rub rwf sar sbd scr sek srd szl thb top try ttd twd tzs uah ugx us dollars uyu uzs vnd vuv xaf xcd xof xpf zar zmw sign in i i sign in cart 0 your cart i your cart is empty sign in cart 0 your cart i your cart is empty leashes home leashes material type braided nylon &amp; rope (12) braided nylon and rope (1) hemp (1) leather (14) nylon (13) waterproof (8) personalization and id type embroidered (9) engraved buckle (1) engraved nameplate (10) non-personalized (26) buckle style side release buckle (1) traditional prong buckle (1) size of dog small (10-35 lbs) (1) medium (35-65 lbs) (2) large (55-85 lbs) (1) x-large/giant (85-120+ lbs) (1) leash type martingale (2) slip (10) coupler (7) snap (33) specialty (16) traffic (4) reflective (2) latch type traditional snap (39) no latch (10) item color brown (39) black (36) red (36) blue (35) orange (33) green (32) pink (32) purple (28) yellow (25) camouflage (14) turquoise (12) tan (11) teal (11) white (8) patterned (7) show more show less type of tag built-in engraved scrufftag (2) brand dogids (27) mendota pet (26) off leash collars (3) hunter k9 (1) good dog company (1) tae kwon dog (1) shop categories nylon leashes personalized leashes leather leashes waterproof leashes martingale leashes slip leashes reflective leashes specialty leashes grid list featured items newest items best selling a to z z to a price: lowest to highest price: highest to lowest filter i filter by material type braided nylon &amp; rope (12) braided nylon and rope (1) hemp (1) leather (14) nylon (13) waterproof (8) personalization and id type embroidered (9) engraved buckle (1) engraved nameplate (10) non-personalized (26) buckle style side release buckle (1) traditional prong buckle (1) size of dog small (10-35 lbs) (1) medium (35-65 lbs) (2) large (55-85 lbs) (1) x-large/giant (85-120+ lbs) (1) leash type martingale (2) slip (10) coupler (7) snap (33) specialty (16) traffic (4) reflective (2) latch type traditional snap (39) no latch (10) item color brown (39) black (36) red (36) blue (35) orange (33) green (32) pink (32) purple (28) yellow (25) camouflage (14) turquoise (12) tan (11) teal (11) white (8) patterned (7) show more show less type of tag built-in engraved scrufftag (2) brand dogids (27) mendota pet (26) off leash collars (3) hunter k9 (1) good dog company (1) tae kwon dog (1) apply sort i sort by featured items newest items best selling a to z z to a by review price: lowest to highest price: highest to lowest waterproof soft grip snap leash 940 $24.00 the waterproof soft grip dog leash is, simply put, an excellent dog leash. coming in four different sizes and 11 colors, it is an effective tool that will suit all of your needs. use it for walks, jogs, training, control, or pretty much... personalized waterproof soft grip snap leash 875 $39.00 only the best once you begin using one of our soft grip snap leashes, you will never want to use any other! the soft grip material is ultra durable and feels great in your hand. soft grip strap was originally developed to produce harnesses and reins for... reflective waterproof soft grip snap leash 1006 $29.00 our reflective waterproof soft grip snap leash has all the bases covered...reflective for night walks, nice soft feel in the hand, odor resistant, waterproof to avoid that soggy leash feel and tough enough for the hardest pullers. in two different... custom embroidered nylon dog leash 521 $27.00 the best of both worlds have you been looking for an embroidered dog leash that offers the perfect blend of pizzazz and function most leashes seem to be focused solely on function and therefore lack when it comes to good looks. however, with... nylon dog leash 881 $19.00 better than the rest think this is just a typical nylon dog leash not even close! our nylon dog leash is thicker than your average nylon webbing dog leash and is silky-smooth. your hands will definitely be able to tell the difference between our... mendota braided slip lead 442 $16.00 essential for every situation the mendota braided slip lead has been used for many years by trainers and handlers in the field and show ring, but has now been adapted for everyday use. no matter the situation, this dog leash will always be the perfect... personalized bridle leather snap leash 911 $45.00 the classic look to sum it up, our english bridle leather snap leash is just plain beautiful. made right here in the good old usa, our handcrafted english bridle leather dog leashes are fully stitched with ivory nylon thread and accented with... personalized designer italian leather leash 123 $74.00 beauty with function our personalized designer italian leather leashes for dogs are beautiful, durable and unbelievably comfortable in your hand. with eleven elegant colors to choose from, these leashes are sure to turn heads on your walks. this leather... waterproof traffic leash 970 $17.00 waterproof traffic leash for dogs as a responsible pet parent, your dog’s safety is always top of mind. there are some situations in which you will need to keep your dog close when walking, such as a busy street, an event with lots of people and... mendota braided snap leash 441 $15.00 the mendota braided snap leash is your convenient classic dog leash. the solid brass swivel snap makes this leash ideal for everyday use. made of out high quality braided polypropylene, this braided dog leash is durable, yet soft to hold. these braided... hornaday artisan leather personalized leash 599 $98.00 we love the new hornaday artisan personalized leather leash. this beautiful, high-quality leash is handcrafted in minnesota, usa. the rustic designer leather leash is made of premium buffalo leather with brass-colored designer rivets. named for... padded leather leash with nameplate 496 was: $82.00 now: $79.00 on sale only the best make a classy statement with our padded leather leash with nameplate when you step out for a walk with your dog. these beautiful leather dog leashes are long lasting and sure to bring you countless enjoyable walks. made with superior... customized tangle-free nylon double dog leash 848 $39.00 double the fun find the perfect blend of fashion and practicality with the customized tangle-free nylon double dog leash. the dual leads allow you to safely and easily walk two dogs at once, and the clean embroidery ensures that everyone will be able to... waterproof tangle-free double dog leash 732 $46.00 make it a double! when you have double trouble, skip the hassle of two separate leashes and swap to the waterproof tangle-free double dog leash - it’s a lifesaver! if you have more than one dog, you know the struggle of going on walks:... embroidered reflective personalized dog leash 879 $39.00 play it safeuse of reflective or lighted accessories is an important precaution for activities with your dog, nighttime or daytime. the embroidered reflective personalized dog leash matches our reflective dog collars. solid materials the bright solid... embroidered solid color personalized dog leash 667 $39.00 embroidered solid color dog leash love the look and feel of a classic nylon leash, but want something a bit more durable and unique this embroidered solid color dog leash is made of durable nylon on the inside and ribbon on the outside, just for you... maya dog leash 878 $29.00 maya hand woven dog leash a style like no other looking for a leash that combines individual style and excellent quality then take a look at the maya dog leash. this one of a kind leash is perfect for a dog with a bright personality. part of the maya... orion artisan leather personalized leash 600 $88.00 reach for the stars with the new orion artisan leather personalized leash. this beautiful, high-quality leash is handcrafted in minnesota, usa. the designer dog leash is made of premium buffalo leather with chrome dome rivet accents inspired by the stars... waterproof multi-use leash 765 $46.00 do you have two, three, four or even more dogs that you want to walk at once without the hassle of multiple leashes the waterproof multi-use leash offers the perfect solution. with two detachable leads and the option of adding more, you can walk all of... embroidered karate belt leash 139 $49.00 type a d the perfect match made of recycled martial arts belts, our embroidered karate belt leash is tough enough to withstand any doggy adventure. plus they’re customizable, giving you a wide variety of embroidery fonts and leash... mendota british show slip lead 897 $12.00 all the qualities professional handlers seek in a show lead are found in the mendota british show slip lead. from the trusted materials to the knowing build, this show lead provides style and utility. sleek & stylishat 1/8 inches in diameter, this... mendota dog walker martingale leash 892 $19.00 martingale leash a valuable essential the mendota dog walker martingale leash is a combined leash and collar system for everyday walks or for special show or field activities. each lead is made in the usa from quality, durable mendota brand construction... multi-purpose everyday nylon leash 735 $21.00 if you’re looking for a high quality leash that is sturdy and comfortable for both you and your pooch, the multi-purpose everyday nylon leash is the one for you! whether you just want an everyday leash to take your pup for a stroll around the block... mendota english bridle leather snap lead 912 $32.00 tradition and class with traditional function and distinctive good looks, our mendota english bridle leather snap lead is the pet product everyone needs. a good leather dog leash is recommended by most experienced trainers, and for good reason. this snap... 1 2 3 next the best dog leashes for your best friend we're confident that within our selection, you won't have a problem locating the best dog leash for both you and your beloved pup. whether you're picking out a leash for a puppy or replacing your dog's current leash, you're spoiled for choice here. you know how your best four-legged buddy behaves on a lead, which helps with the decision process. pick out the color, design, and material that will best suit your dog's behavior. you can look for leashes that will help you to assert authority as the owner. you can stand up as the leader of the pack, the alpha dog. enjoy a leisurely walk with your pooch, or go on an adventure through unknown terrain. we have everything you need! the leader in leashes take a moment to browse through our leashes, and we're convinced you'll find the best dog leash in no time. waterproof leashes are must-haves for dogs who love romping in lakes, ponds, rivers, and the ocean. if you need something durable and sturdy to lead your eager pooch, then opt for canvas or nylon. braided leads are strong and tough, as well. however, a leather leash is what you need to let your dog strut her stuff. walking two dogs at once? snag yourself a double dog leash that won't ever tangle. most of our leashes are customizable, too. you can personalize them with your pup's name and contact info. once you pick out a leash, you can select the color and customization you want and add a unique dog tag. find the best dog leash at dogids! subscribe to our newsletter join our email list for deals, pet parent tips and new products! email only the best for your best friend. need help or have a question? monday - friday, 8:30 am to 4:30 pm cst. service@dogids.com 800-720-8247 customer service my account customer help center returns & exchanges shipping information sizing guides commercial orders international shipping gift certificates top categories dog collars personalized dog collars leather dog collars dog id tags dog leashes dog harnesses dog supplies our company about our pack our blog paw it forward career opportunities made in the usa privacy policy site map dogids site reviews © 2013 - dogids. all rights reserved.