来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20201221103751/https://www.dogids.com/dog-supplies/
================================================================================

dog supplies: treats, toys, safety, household items | dogids menu search cart cart-close wishlist arrow-down star star-empty chevron-right chevron-left arrow-right arrow-left close close-small remove radio-unchecked radio-checked checkbox-unchecked checkbox-checked facebook flickr google-plus instagram kickstarter linkedin mail pinterest print reddit rss spotify stumbleupon tumblr twitter vimeo vine youtube alert-info alert-fail alert-success open arrow hamburger grid icon-visa icon-mastercard icon-american-express icon-discover icon-paypal free shipping over $49! best sellers sale 800-720-8247 i i i i i i dog collars shop all dog collars personalized dog collars shop all personalized dog collars scrufftag collars nameplate collars embroidered collars waterproof collars leather collars nylon collars reflective collars designer collars dog training collars shop all dog training collars slip collars martingale collars hunting collars led dog collars dog collar accessories shop all dog collar accessories personalized dog collar buckles dog tags shop all dog tags traditional metal tags shop all traditional metal tags round tags bone tags unique shaped tags stainless steel tags brass tags unique dog tags shop all unique dog tags colorful dog tags designer tags plastic tags funny tags handmade dog tags dog collar nameplates shop all dog collar nameplates slide on nameplates rivet on nameplates sports themed tags shop all sports themed tags mlb dog id tags nfl dog id tags ncaa dog id tags nhl dog id tags nba dog id tags dog tag accessories leashes shop all leashes nylon leashes shop all nylon leashes standard nylon leashes braided nylon leashes personalized leashes leather leashes waterproof leashes martingale leashes slip leashes reflective leashes specialty leashes harnesses shop all harnesses more shop all more dog health & safety shop all dog health & safety skin care first aid heating & cooling reflective & led products supplements for dogs feeding supplies shop all feeding supplies elevated dog bowls bowls feeding mats personalized bowls dog apparel shop all dog apparel dog sweaters dog coats dog vests dog boots dog beds & containment shop all dog beds & containment personalized dog beds orthopedic dog beds training supplies shop all training supplies hunting dog supplies service dog supplies travel accessories mendota pet products gifts for dog lovers dog toys dog treats dog chews dogids made in fargo usd aed all amd ang aud awg azn bbd bdt bgn bhd bmd bob brl bsd bwp bzd cad chf cny crc czk djf dkk dop egp etb eur fkp gbp gel gip gmd gnf gtq gyd hnl hrk huf idr ils inr isk jmd jpy kes kgs khr kmf krw kyd kzt lak mga mkd mnt mro mur mwk mxn myr mzn nio nok npr nzd omr pen pgk php pkr pln qar ron rub rwf sar sbd scr sek srd szl thb top try ttd twd tzs uah ugx us dollars uyu uzs vnd vuv xaf xcd xof xpf zar zmw sign in i i sign in cart 0 your cart i your cart is empty only the best for your best friend. i i i dog collars shop all dog collars personalized dog collars shop all personalized dog collars scrufftag collars nameplate collars embroidered collars waterproof collars leather collars nylon collars reflective collars designer collars dog training collars shop all dog training collars slip collars martingale collars hunting collars led dog collars dog collar accessories shop all dog collar accessories personalized dog collar buckles dog tags shop all dog tags traditional metal tags shop all traditional metal tags round tags bone tags unique shaped tags stainless steel tags brass tags unique dog tags shop all unique dog tags colorful dog tags designer tags plastic tags funny tags handmade dog tags dog collar nameplates shop all dog collar nameplates slide on nameplates rivet on nameplates sports themed tags shop all sports themed tags mlb dog id tags nfl dog id tags ncaa dog id tags nhl dog id tags nba dog id tags dog tag accessories leashes shop all leashes nylon leashes shop all nylon leashes standard nylon leashes braided nylon leashes personalized leashes leather leashes waterproof leashes martingale leashes slip leashes reflective leashes specialty leashes harnesses shop all harnesses more shop all more dog health & safety shop all dog health & safety skin care first aid heating & cooling reflective & led products supplements for dogs feeding supplies shop all feeding supplies elevated dog bowls bowls feeding mats personalized bowls dog apparel shop all dog apparel dog sweaters dog coats dog vests dog boots dog beds & containment shop all dog beds & containment personalized dog beds orthopedic dog beds training supplies shop all training supplies hunting dog supplies service dog supplies travel accessories mendota pet products gifts for dog lovers dog toys dog treats dog chews dogids made in fargo usd aed all amd ang aud awg azn bbd bdt bgn bhd bmd bob brl bsd bwp bzd cad chf cny crc czk djf dkk dop egp etb eur fkp gbp gel gip gmd gnf gtq gyd hnl hrk huf idr ils inr isk jmd jpy kes kgs khr kmf krw kyd kzt lak mga mkd mnt mro mur mwk mxn myr mzn nio nok npr nzd omr pen pgk php pkr pln qar ron rub rwf sar sbd scr sek srd szl thb top try ttd twd tzs uah ugx us dollars uyu uzs vnd vuv xaf xcd xof xpf zar zmw sign in i i sign in cart 0 your cart i your cart is empty sign in cart 0 your cart i your cart is empty more home more material type aluminum (7) braided nylon &amp; rope (12) braided nylon and rope (6) brass (25) gold plated brass (3) leather (16) nickel plated brass (3) nylon (30) silicone (1) stainless steel (40) show more show less collar type reflective (10) training (9) safety (7) designer (6) collar accessory (5) martingale (5) slip (3) personalization and id type built-in engraved scrufftag (11) built-in engraved sleevetag (1) embroidered (19) engraved buckle (3) engraved nameplate (24) non-personalized (41) printed on strap (1) buckle style traditional prong buckle (29) side release buckle (23) no buckle (6) size of dog small (10-35 lbs) (42) medium (35-65 lbs) (63) large (55-85 lbs) (61) x-large/giant (85-120+ lbs) (61) toy (2-9 lbs) (3) leash type martingale (2) slip (10) snap (18) coupler (6) specialty (14) traffic (4) reflective (2) jaeger (1) long line (1) latch type traditional snap (26) no latch (10) item color black (66) red (66) green (65) pink (64) blue (60) orange (60) brown (53) purple (49) yellow (40) turquoise (23) teal (22) camouflage (18) burgundy (13) white (13) tan (11) show more show less tag shape bone (4) heart (2) rectangle (9) round (44) star (1) unique-shaped (8) type of tag built-in engraved scrufftag (3) colorful (11) funny (13) nameplate (4) rivet-on (1) slide-on (1) slide-on (1) standard metal (41) unique (1) brand dogids (142) mendota pet (54) dermagic (13) caldera international (10) pets stop (9) west paw designs (8) canine health forward (8) wapiti labs (7) chilly dog sweaters (7) nite ize (5) hunter k9 (4) bungalow flooring (4) pendleton (4) brew chewz (3) sofa city sweethearts (2) show more show less shop categories dog health & safety feeding supplies dog apparel dog beds & containment training supplies travel accessories mendota pet products gifts for dog lovers dog toys dog treats dog chews dogids made in fargo grid list featured items newest items best selling a to z z to a price: lowest to highest price: highest to lowest filter i filter by material type aluminum (7) braided nylon &amp; rope (12) braided nylon and rope (6) brass (25) gold plated brass (3) leather (16) nickel plated brass (3) nylon (30) silicone (1) stainless steel (40) show more show less collar type reflective (10) training (9) safety (7) designer (6) collar accessory (5) martingale (5) slip (3) personalization and id type built-in engraved scrufftag (11) built-in engraved sleevetag (1) embroidered (19) engraved buckle (3) engraved nameplate (24) non-personalized (41) printed on strap (1) buckle style traditional prong buckle (29) side release buckle (23) no buckle (6) size of dog small (10-35 lbs) (42) medium (35-65 lbs) (63) large (55-85 lbs) (61) x-large/giant (85-120+ lbs) (61) toy (2-9 lbs) (3) leash type martingale (2) slip (10) snap (18) coupler (6) specialty (14) traffic (4) reflective (2) jaeger (1) long line (1) latch type traditional snap (26) no latch (10) item color black (66) red (66) green (65) pink (64) blue (60) orange (60) brown (53) purple (49) yellow (40) turquoise (23) teal (22) camouflage (18) burgundy (13) white (13) tan (11) show more show less tag shape bone (4) heart (2) rectangle (9) round (44) star (1) unique-shaped (8) type of tag built-in engraved scrufftag (3) colorful (11) funny (13) nameplate (4) rivet-on (1) slide-on (1) slide-on (1) standard metal (41) unique (1) brand dogids (142) mendota pet (54) dermagic (13) caldera international (10) pets stop (9) west paw designs (8) canine health forward (8) wapiti labs (7) chilly dog sweaters (7) nite ize (5) hunter k9 (4) bungalow flooring (4) pendleton (4) brew chewz (3) sofa city sweethearts (2) show more show less apply sort i sort by featured items newest items best selling a to z z to a by review price: lowest to highest price: highest to lowest waterproof soft grip snap leash 940 $24.00 the waterproof soft grip dog leash is, simply put, an excellent dog leash. coming in four different sizes and 11 colors, it is an effective tool that will suit all of your needs. use it for walks, jogs, training, control, or pretty much... gift card 1015 $25.00 do you have a dog lover in your life with a birthday or holiday coming up? or maybe your friend is getting a new puppy and you want to get them something sweet to welcome their new family member in. whatever the occasion, a dogids gift card is the... tag of the month 1013 was: $17.00 now: $12.00 on sale gotta catch ‘em all each month, we release a new limited edition tag design. our team of talented professionals both design and make the new tag of the month right here in our workshop in fargo, north dakota. but, get it quick, we only make a... personalized stainless steel bowls 1007 $29.00 the personalized stainless steel dog bowl is guaranteed to make meal time easier. with our personalized bowls, you can make it work for your family by differentiating between the food and water bowl or know which pup's bowl is which. choose your... reflective waterproof soft grip snap leash 1006 $29.00 our reflective waterproof soft grip snap leash has all the bases covered...reflective for night walks, nice soft feel in the hand, odor resistant, waterproof to avoid that soggy leash feel and tough enough for the hardest pullers. in two different... personalized waterproof soft grip snap leash 875 $39.00 only the best once you begin using one of our soft grip snap leashes, you will never want to use any other! the soft grip material is ultra durable and feels great in your hand. soft grip strap was originally developed to produce harnesses and reins for... embroidered nylon step-in dog harness 548 $39.00 our embroidered nylon dog harness has it all: comfort, ease of walking, safety, and so much more. the must have harness if you’re tired of your pooch straining his neck on walks, then this personalized dog harness is exactly what you need. by... scrufftag slide on nameplate 135 $15.00 scrufftag slide-on dog collar name plate your dog’s well-being is a top priority, and that makes having a reliable personalized dog tag an essential. the scrufftag slide-on nameplate is perfect for open-ended collars. if you already have a dog... round dog id tags 130 $15.00 round dog tags it never hurts to go to great lengths for your dog's safety. in addition to personalized collars, choose the perfect round dog tags to ensure that your pooch is identifiable. with a tag that reveals your best friend’s name, your... waterproof scrufftag collar 115 $34.00 biothane dog collars the waterproof scrufftag personalized dog collar is an excellent option for pet owners who want their dogs to feel comfortable but still secure. they are soft biothane dog collars that offer a bit more flexibility than other options... dogids personalized faux suede & berber donut dog bed 971 $157.00 dogids personalized faux suede & berber donut dog bed if you were to ask our office dogs, they’d tell you that this embroidered donut dog bed is the comfiest bed they’ve ever napped in. every single one of them, even the ones that... nylon scrufftag collar 795 $29.00 nylon scrufftag personalized dog collars with name tag attached the nylon scrufftag personalized dog collar with name tag attached keeps your dog safe on the leash and if he or she escapes out into the world. a dog collar with the name tag attached... no pull embroidered dog harness 658 $42.00 no pull embroidered dog harness do you love a dog who is not an all-star walker maybe they pull on their leash, zig zag across your path, or decide to sit or lay down. if your walks are short-lived because of one or more of these things, you and your... custom embroidered nylon dog leash 521 $27.00 the best of both worlds have you been looking for an embroidered dog leash that offers the perfect blend of pizzazz and function most leashes seem to be focused solely on function and therefore lack when it comes to good looks. however, with... waterproof soft grip safety collar with personalized nameplate 516 $34.00 waterproof soft grip dog safety collar with personalized nameplate looking for a dog safety collar that helps with identification and keeps your dog safe as well? try a waterproof soft grip dog safety collar with personalized nameplate. it's full of... dogids personalized microfiber orthopedic lounger dog bed 461 $134.00 check out the embroidered microfiber kuddle lounge dog bed for the new name in puppy luxury! good for your pup & the earth the easy step-in design makes it perfect for any pet - even puppies and arthritic dogs. the velvet microfiber bolsters... jive eco-friendly ball for dogs 439 $9.00 the jive eco-friendly ball for dogs isn't just eco-friendly but also extremely tough. this is definitely river's favorite ball to play fetch with, chew on or just carry around the office. the jive dog ball is indestructible from what we've seen so far..... waterproof soft grip collar with personalized nameplate 152 $34.00 personalized waterproof dog collars when choosing what kind of collar you want for your dog, material and construction are always among the top priorities. our soft grip dog collar with nameplate is perfect for just those reasons! made of soft grip... reflective waterproof scrufftag collar 112 $39.00 scrufftag waterproof reflective personalized dog collars when safety is a priority, our waterproof reflective personalized dog collars are essential. a specialized reflective strip keeps your dog visible and safe on nighttime walks, and our durable... quick release waterproof scrufftag collar 975 $34.00 waterproof scrufftag quick release dog collar the quick release waterproof scrufftag collar is our latest addition to the scrufftag collar line, and it checks a lot of boxes for our customers! this waterproof quick release dog collar has the same... dogids personalized orthopedic comfy couch dog bed 954 $179.00 at the end of a long day, nothing feels nicer than relaxing on a supportive, soft couch. now you can give the same experience to your dog with our orthopedic comfy couch dog bed! plus, you can get it embroidered with your dog’s name so that they... sleevetag with silicone strap 938 $15.00 slide on dog tags for adjustable collars our brushed stainless steel sleevetag with silicone strap is a clean looking and practical option if you want a personalized nameplate on your dog's collar, but would rather not deal with attachment hardware. the... nylon dog leash 881 $19.00 nothin' on nylon our nylon dog leash is for the pups who want to shine. available in 18 colors and multiple sizes, the nylon dog leash is both affordable and available in a color that's sure to make your dog look his best. pair it with a... waterproof chain martingale collar with nameplate 767 $39.00 finally, a martingale collar that’s also waterproof! it’s the best of both worlds and ideal for training your pup. the waterproof chain martingale collar with engraved nameplate is perfect for the active dog. the ultimate training... 1 2 3 4 5 6 next dog supplies at dogids, we believe in improving the lives of dogs by making life safer and easier for them and their pet parents. we have a wide selection of dog supplies that will help your dog have a happier and healthier time joining you on all of life's adventures. for the couch potato if your dog just loves hanging with you at home, we've got a wide selection of dog beds, gates, doors, and other household products to keep them cozy and content. we also have a great variety of dog treats that you can use for training your dog or just showing them how much you love them. all of the dog treats we carry have quality ingredients and unique flavor combinations. for the active dog if your dog is the type that always needs to stay busy, we've got some great dog chews and toys to keep them entertained and stimulated. we also carry a wide variety of supplements, cooling products and other items to help your active dog stay healthy and keep their muscles soothed. for the adventuring dog if you love taking your dog with you on all of your travels, check out our dog travel accessories and dog apparel. we've got all of the gear you'll need to keep your dog safe in the car and well equipped for the great outdoors. subscribe to our newsletter join our email list for deals, pet parent tips and new products! email only the best for your best friend. need help or have a question? monday - friday, 8:30 am to 4:30 pm cst. service@dogids.com 800-720-8247 customer service my account customer help center returns & exchanges shipping information sizing guides wholesale orders international shipping gift certificates top categories dog collars personalized dog collars leather dog collars dog id tags dog leashes dog harnesses dog supplies our company about our pack our blog paw it forward career opportunities made in the usa privacy policy site map dogids site reviews © 2013 - dogids. all rights reserved.