来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20221220030857/https://www.dogids.com/dog-collars/
================================================================================

dog collars | puppy to xl sizes | usa made | dogids menu search cart cart-close wishlist arrow-down star star-empty chevron-right chevron-left arrow-right arrow-left close close-small remove radio-unchecked radio-checked checkbox-unchecked checkbox-checked facebook flickr google-plus instagram kickstarter linkedin mail pinterest print reddit rss spotify stumbleupon tumblr twitter vimeo vine youtube alert-info alert-fail alert-success open arrow hamburger grid icon-visa icon-mastercard icon-american-express icon-discover icon-paypal 50% off gift cards click here! best sellers sale 800.720.8247 i i i i i i dog collars shop all dog collars personalized dog collars scrufftag collars embroidered dog collars martingale collars nameplate collars puppy collars waterproof dog collars nylon dog collars leather dog collars reflective dog collars designer dog collars dog tracker collars dog training collars hunting dog collars dog tags shop all dog tags dog collar nameplates shop all dog collar nameplates slide on dog collar nameplates rivet on dog collar nameplates hanging dog tags shop all hanging dog tags round dog id tags bone dog id tags unique shaped dog tags handmade dog tags cat id tags dog leashes shop all dog leashes personalized dog leashes leather dog leashes nylon dog leashes waterproof dog leashes specialty dog leashes reflective dog leashes martingale leashes slip leads dog supplies shop all dog supplies product bundles dog harnesses dog collar & tag accessories dog feeding accessories dog treats personalized collar buckles dog apparel dog health & safety dog travel & outdoor gear working dog gear holidays & special occasions human products dogids gift cards usd usd cad aud gbp eur jpy brl inr rub mxn npr ugx uyu uzs uah khr bmd zar myr nzd php crc krw dkk bgn fkp thb chf nok xaf sek ils pln cny twd pkr mga hrk xpf sar vnd huf bzd bdt egp dop idr ron try isk omr hnl all kzt kes czk zmw mur qar vuv awg xcd pen djf bsd kyd jmd mwk nio bhd amd gel ttd mkd gtq bbd azn xof bob bwp kmf ang etb gmd gip gnf gyd kgs lak mro mnt mzn pgk rwf scr sbd srd szl tzs top aed moroccan dirham singapore dollar hong kong dollar chilean peso argentine peso brunei dollar colombian peso macanese pataca sign in i i sign in cart 0 your cart i your cart is empty known and safely home i i i dog collars shop all dog collars personalized dog collars scrufftag collars embroidered dog collars martingale collars nameplate collars puppy collars waterproof dog collars nylon dog collars leather dog collars reflective dog collars designer dog collars dog tracker collars dog training collars hunting dog collars dog tags shop all dog tags dog collar nameplates shop all dog collar nameplates slide on dog collar nameplates rivet on dog collar nameplates hanging dog tags shop all hanging dog tags round dog id tags bone dog id tags unique shaped dog tags handmade dog tags cat id tags dog leashes shop all dog leashes personalized dog leashes leather dog leashes nylon dog leashes waterproof dog leashes specialty dog leashes reflective dog leashes martingale leashes slip leads dog supplies shop all dog supplies product bundles dog harnesses dog collar & tag accessories dog feeding accessories dog treats personalized collar buckles dog apparel dog health & safety dog travel & outdoor gear working dog gear holidays & special occasions human products dogids gift cards usd usd cad aud gbp eur jpy brl inr rub mxn npr ugx uyu uzs uah khr bmd zar myr nzd php crc krw dkk bgn fkp thb chf nok xaf sek ils pln cny twd pkr mga hrk xpf sar vnd huf bzd bdt egp dop idr ron try isk omr hnl all kzt kes czk zmw mur qar vuv awg xcd pen djf bsd kyd jmd mwk nio bhd amd gel ttd mkd gtq bbd azn xof bob bwp kmf ang etb gmd gip gnf gyd kgs lak mro mnt mzn pgk rwf scr sbd srd szl tzs top aed moroccan dirham singapore dollar hong kong dollar chilean peso argentine peso brunei dollar colombian peso macanese pataca sign in i i sign in cart 0 your cart i your cart is empty sign in cart 0 your cart i your cart is empty dog collars home dog collars brand dogids (63) mendota pet (7) off leash collars (5) item color black (51) red (51) blue (49) pink (43) brown (42) green (42) orange (41) purple (33) yellow (25) teal (24) wine (17) magenta (16) white (15) coral (12) hunter green (11) show more show less shop categories personalized dog collars scrufftag collars embroidered dog collars martingale collars nameplate collars puppy collars waterproof dog collars nylon dog collars leather dog collars reflective dog collars designer dog collars dog tracker collars dog training collars hunting dog collars grid list featured items newest items best selling a to z z to a price: lowest to highest price: highest to lowest filter i filter by brand dogids (63) mendota pet (7) off leash collars (5) item color black (51) red (51) blue (49) pink (43) brown (42) green (42) orange (41) purple (33) yellow (25) teal (24) wine (17) magenta (16) white (15) coral (12) hunter green (11) show more show less apply sort i sort by featured items newest items best selling a to z z to a by review price: lowest to highest price: highest to lowest waterproof scrufftag collar 115 $34.00 biothane dog collars the waterproof scrufftag personalized dog collar is an excellent option for pet owners who want their dogs to feel comfortable but still secure. they are soft biothane dog collars that offer a bit more flexibility than other options... nylon scrufftag collar 795 $29.00 nylon scrufftag personalized dog collars with name tag attached the nylon scrufftag personalized dog collar with name tag attached keeps your dog safe on the leash and if he or she escapes out into the world. a dog collar with the name tag attached... custom embroidered nylon dog collar 138 $29.00 custom embroidered nylon dog collar your pooch can run, jump, play fetch, and lounge in a nylon dog collar from dogids. choose from 18 color choices to make your dog stand out in a crowd. plus, he or she is always protected with a custom collar... reflective waterproof scrufftag collar 112 $39.00 scrufftag waterproof reflective personalized dog collars when safety is a priority, our waterproof reflective personalized dog collars are essential. a specialized reflective strip keeps your dog visible and safe on nighttime walks, and our durable... waterproof dog collar with personalized nameplate 152 $34.00 personalized waterproof dog collars when choosing what kind of collar you want for your dog, material and construction are always among the top priorities. our soft grip waterproof dog collar with nameplate is perfect for just those reasons! made of soft... waterproof safety collar with nameplate 516 $39.00 waterproof safety collar with nameplate looking for a dog safety collar that helps with identification and keeps your dog safe as well? try a waterproof soft grip dog safety collar with personalized nameplate. it's full of features that will benefit both... mendota leather dog collar with nameplate 151 $44.00 mendota brown leather dog collar with personalized nameplate the mendota leather dog collar with personalized nameplate is a rich brown leather dog collar that will make any dog look like a pooch who lives in the lap of luxury. designed for medium and... embroidered nylon martingale collar 666 $34.00 custom martingale collars there is nothing better than getting home after a long day at work and throwing on your favorite pair of sweatpants. in essence, our embroidered martingale dog collars offer your dog this luxury all day long. by being snug when... embroidered maya personalized dog collar 794 $39.00 embroidered woven maya personalized dog collars maya woven dog collars are colorful, unique, and practical. ensure that your dog is happy and safe with a personalized, vivid collar design just for him or her. think about the hues and pattern you and... color splash nylon scrufftag collar 597 $29.00 colorful dog collars make a splash with our color splash nylon scrufftag collar! these colorful dog collars are fully customizable. choose from an assortment of nylon and aluminum nameplate colors to create the perfect look for your four-legged friend... mendota leather safety collar with nameplate 217 $49.00 durable leather center ring dog collars if you appreciate high-quality leather and a traditional classy look is your top priority, our mendota english bridle leather center ring dog collar with a personalized nameplate will put a smile on your face! the... quick release waterproof scrufftag collar 975 $34.00 waterproof scrufftag quick release dog collar the quick release waterproof scrufftag collar is our latest addition to the scrufftag collar line, and it checks a lot of boxes for our customers! this waterproof quick release dog collar has the same... leather scrufftag collar 216 $44.00 **item is being discontinued after inventory is gone** leather dog collars with nameplate we're pretty proud of our leather scrufftag collars, handcrafted right here in the usa! looks and durability each leather dog collar with a nameplate is made out of... custom embroidered reflective dog collar 885 $39.00 high visibility if you're ever worried about seeing your dog during those evening walks, you will love our custom embroidered reflective dog collars. they come in a variety of colors that will always be visible - day or night. even better, you can... fusion artisan padded dog collar with nameplate 997 $49.00 this fusion artisan padded dog collar checks a lot of boxes. handcrafted by our artisan partner kaydi in minnesota, it’s not only durable, with a waterproof and smell resistant base collar, but it’s also beautiful and comfortable since... waterproof chain martingale collar with nameplate 767 $44.00 finally, a martingale collar that’s also waterproof! it’s the best of both worlds and ideal for training your pup. the waterproof chain martingale collar with engraved nameplate is perfect for the active dog. the ultimate training collar this waterproof... reflective waterproof personalized dog collar 465 $34.00 these lightweight, personalized dog collars are perfect for every occasion, from hunting in the field to a leisurely evening walk. personalize the reflective strip with engraving on this high visibility dog collar to keep your dog safe no matter their... maya scrufftag dog collar 968 $39.00 personalized maya woven scrufftag boho dog collar our handwoven line of maya dog collars are unique and customized just for your dog. each of our eighteen maya boho dog collar patterns are woven from colorful strands made of 100% cotton. then the ribbon... reflective waterproof dog collar with name plate 522 $39.00 safety first at dogids, we know the safety of your dog is always a top priority, and our reflective waterproof dog collar with name plate will ensure just that - safety. these reflective dog collars provide you and your dog with much-needed information... quick release waterproof sleevetag collar 982 $34.00 outfitting your dog with this unique personalized dog collar will make them the talk of doggie daycare! this waterproof collar truly has it all: style, functionality, and customization. each quick release sleevetag waterproof collar is made from a... reflective nylon scrufftag collar 1025 $34.00 nylon scrufftag personalized dog collar the reflective nylon scrufftag personalized dog collar keeps your dog safe on the leash and if he or she escapes out into the world. a dog collar with the name tag attached isn't in danger of losing its tag... nylon martingale collar with personalized buckle 533 $34.00 this tough yet soft nylon martingale collar with personalized buckle is the perfect match for any dog. it fits comfortably around your dog’s neck while allowing for more control than the average collar while on walks. even better, the buckle... hornaday padded leather dog collar with nameplate 573 $99.00 your dog will feel like royalty in the artisan made hornaday padded leather dog collar with nameplate from dogids. named for notable wildlife conservationist, william temple hornaday, this handcrafted padded leather dog collar is visually appealing,... personalized buckle nylon dog collar 791 $29.00 personalized dog collar with engraved buckle looking for a lightweight dog collar that's easy to put on and take off but still keeps your dog safe at every turn? look no further than our personalized buckle nylon dog collar. a favorite of agility... 1 2 3 4 next tough custom dog collars that look great let's get right to the point...at dogids, we make practical custom dog collars that last. we make them right here in the usa and guarantee them for the life of your dog. our collars are comfortable, easy to clean, great looking and heavy duty so they hold up to the roughest conditions your pooch can throw at them. most of our collars have personalization options as well so you don't have to have a jingling tag that can get caught on obstacles or fall off. all while keeping your dog safe at the same time. we've been making custom collars for decades. we're very passionate about dogs and only manufacture high quality collars for our four-legged friends. we believe the most dependable and practical way to ensure your best friend stays known and safely home is to always have a personalized collar around their neck with your personal contact information clearly displayed for a potential finder to easily read and reach out to you as soon as possible. we offer an array of colors, patterns, styles and sizes for puppies and small dogs up to giant dog breeds - all of the highest quality and custom made in fargo, nd usa. you can pick out a collar for everyday use and another for special occasions, knowing they will last for many years to come! your dog deserves the best casual and formal wear, too, right? and don't forget that we make collars for all pets. we get requests to make custom collars for cows, horses, goats, cats, rabbits, you name it! durable materials sourced and manufactured in the usa dogids collars grow with your dog throughout his or her life because they're extremely durable. if you want a tough collar that will keep up with your rough and tumble pooch, we've got your back. we only use top quality materials sourced from united states suppliers and our high power laser engravers and high tech embroidery machines ensure that the personalization you choose to have on your pet's collar stays clearly readable for the life of your pet. our nylon collars are sturdy and adjust effortlessly to comfortably fit your pet's neck. coordinate colors with your dog's wardrobe, if you like, or pick out a cool print that reveals your dog’s personality. opt for a waterproof dog collar for rainy weather, swimming and any other extreme conditions that your pooch is exposed to. our waterproof scrufftag collar is our flagship product with good reason. they are so practical, quiet, waterproof, stink proof and extremely tough, yet have that supple feel and comfort similar to leather. our customers love them! choose one of our reflective collars with reflective stitching or a reflective strip for safety while your fur baby is out and about at night. leather collars are a classy choice for your stylish pooch that will last for years. the selection in our online store ranges from mid-range leather that works for day-to-day use to handsome premium leather for that more regal look. the personalized touch discover a variety of our super cool and tough dog collars made right here in our factory in fargo, north dakota, then personalize the design just how you want it. we offer many personalized collars with your personal contact information boldly displayed via attached tags or embroidery. you can reveal his or her name, along with important contact information that will help if he or she ever gets lost. we always highly recommend including at least one phone number in your personalization for sure. we've been laser engraving pet tags and custom pet collars for decades and have developed proprietary processes that ensure whatever information you choose to have engraved on your pet's collar is guaranteed to stay clearly visible for the life of your pet. keeping them known and safely home is our top priority. subscribe to our newsletter join our email list for deals, pet parent tips and new products! email known and safely home need help or have a question? monday - friday, 9:00 am to 4:00 pm cst. service@dogids.com 800.720.8247 customer service contact us my account customer help center returns & exchanges shipping information sizing guides wholesale orders international shipping gift certificates join our sms list for special deals special categories on sale! bundle and save! new products best sellers river's picks all dogids products made in fargo nd all mendota pet products human products cat products our company about our pack career opportunities our blog paw it forward our guarantee made in the usa privacy policy site map dogids site reviews © 2013 - dogids. all rights reserved.