来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20221220030857/https://www.dogids.com/dog-leashes/
================================================================================

dog leashes | custom handmade to order | dogids menu search cart cart-close wishlist arrow-down star star-empty chevron-right chevron-left arrow-right arrow-left close close-small remove radio-unchecked radio-checked checkbox-unchecked checkbox-checked facebook flickr google-plus instagram kickstarter linkedin mail pinterest print reddit rss spotify stumbleupon tumblr twitter vimeo vine youtube alert-info alert-fail alert-success open arrow hamburger grid icon-visa icon-mastercard icon-american-express icon-discover icon-paypal free shipping on orders over $75 best sellers sale 800.720.8247 i i i i i i dog collars shop all dog collars personalized collars shop all personalized collars scrufftag collars nameplate collars embroidered collars martingale collars puppy collars waterproof collars nylon collars leather collars reflective collars designer collars tracker collars training collars hunting dog collars dog id tags shop all dog id tags dog collar nameplates shop all dog collar nameplates slide on dog collar nameplates rivet on dog collar nameplates hanging dog tags shop all hanging dog tags colorful dog tags round dog tags bone dog tags unique shaped dog tags cat id tags dog leashes shop all dog leashes personalized leashes leather leashes nylon leashes waterproof leashes specialty leashes reflective leashes martingale leashes slip leads bundle & save! dog supplies shop all dog supplies dog harnesses dog collar & tag accessories feeding accessories dog treats personalized collar buckles dog apparel dog health & safety dog travel & outdoor gear working dog gear holidays & special occasions human products dogids gift cards usd usd cad aud gbp eur jpy brl inr rub mxn npr ugx uyu uzs uah khr bmd zar myr nzd php crc krw dkk bgn fkp thb chf nok xaf sek ils pln cny twd pkr mga hrk xpf sar vnd huf bzd bdt egp dop idr ron try isk omr hnl all kzt kes czk zmw mur qar vuv awg xcd pen djf bsd kyd jmd mwk nio bhd amd gel ttd mkd gtq bbd azn xof bob bwp kmf ang etb gmd gip gnf gyd kgs lak mro mnt mzn pgk rwf scr sbd srd szl tzs top aed moroccan dirham singapore dollar hong kong dollar chilean peso argentine peso brunei dollar colombian peso macanese pataca kuwaiti dinar fijian dollar sign in i i sign in cart 0 your cart i your cart is empty known and safely home i i i dog collars shop all dog collars personalized collars shop all personalized collars scrufftag collars nameplate collars embroidered collars martingale collars puppy collars waterproof collars nylon collars leather collars reflective collars designer collars tracker collars training collars hunting dog collars dog id tags shop all dog id tags dog collar nameplates shop all dog collar nameplates slide on dog collar nameplates rivet on dog collar nameplates hanging dog tags shop all hanging dog tags colorful dog tags round dog tags bone dog tags unique shaped dog tags cat id tags dog leashes shop all dog leashes personalized leashes leather leashes nylon leashes waterproof leashes specialty leashes reflective leashes martingale leashes slip leads bundle & save! dog supplies shop all dog supplies dog harnesses dog collar & tag accessories feeding accessories dog treats personalized collar buckles dog apparel dog health & safety dog travel & outdoor gear working dog gear holidays & special occasions human products dogids gift cards usd usd cad aud gbp eur jpy brl inr rub mxn npr ugx uyu uzs uah khr bmd zar myr nzd php crc krw dkk bgn fkp thb chf nok xaf sek ils pln cny twd pkr mga hrk xpf sar vnd huf bzd bdt egp dop idr ron try isk omr hnl all kzt kes czk zmw mur qar vuv awg xcd pen djf bsd kyd jmd mwk nio bhd amd gel ttd mkd gtq bbd azn xof bob bwp kmf ang etb gmd gip gnf gyd kgs lak mro mnt mzn pgk rwf scr sbd srd szl tzs top aed moroccan dirham singapore dollar hong kong dollar chilean peso argentine peso brunei dollar colombian peso macanese pataca kuwaiti dinar fijian dollar sign in i i sign in cart 0 your cart i your cart is empty sign in cart 0 your cart i your cart is empty dog leashes home dog leashes brand dogids (39) mendota pet (23) off leash collars (3) shop categories personalized leashes leather leashes nylon leashes waterproof leashes specialty leashes reflective leashes martingale leashes slip leads grid list featured items newest items best selling a to z z to a price: lowest to highest price: highest to lowest filter i filter by brand dogids (39) mendota pet (23) off leash collars (3) apply sort i sort by featured items newest items best selling a to z z to a by review price: lowest to highest price: highest to lowest waterproof soft grip snap leash 940 $24.00 the waterproof soft grip dog leash is, simply put, an excellent dog leash. coming in four different sizes and 16 colors, it is an effective tool that will suit all of your needs. use it for walks, jogs, training, control, or pretty much... nylon dog leash 881 $21.00 nothin' on nylon our nylon dog leash is for the pups who want to shine. available in 18 colors and multiple sizes, the nylon dog leash is both affordable and available in a color that's sure to make your dog look his best. pair it with a... mendota braided snap leash 441 $19.00 the mendota braided snap leash is your convenient classic dog leash. the solid brass swivel snap makes this leash ideal for everyday use. made of out high quality braided polypropylene, this braided dog leash is durable, yet soft to hold. these braided... custom embroidered nylon leash 521 $34.00 the best of both worlds have you been looking for an embroidered dog leash that offers the perfect blend of pizzazz and function most leashes seem to be focused solely on function and therefore lack when it comes to good looks. however, with... waterproof nameplate leash 875 $39.00 waterproof soft grip snap leash with personalized name plate only the best for your best friend once you begin using one of our soft grip snap leashes, you will never want to use any other! the soft grip material is ultra durable and feels great in... mendota braided slip lead for dogs 442 $23.00 essential for every situation the mendota braided slip lead has been used for many years by trainers and handlers in the field and show ring, but has now been adapted for everyday use. no matter the situation, this dog leash will always be the perfect... mendota english bridle leather snap leash 912 $49.00 tradition and class with traditional function and distinctive good looks, our mendota english bridle leather snap leash is the pet product everyone needs. a good leather dog leash is recommended by most experienced trainers, and for good reason... mendota dog walker martingale leash 892 $25.00 martingale leash a valuable essential the mendota dog walker martingale leash is a combined leash and collar system for everyday walks or for special show or field activities. each lead is made in the usa from quality, durable mendota brand... reflective waterproof soft grip snap leash 1006 $29.00 our reflective waterproof soft grip snap leash has all the bases covered...reflective for night walks, nice soft feel in the hand, odor resistant, waterproof to avoid that soggy leash feel and tough enough for the hardest pullers. in two different... mendota martingale show lead 896 $15.00 a great fit the mendota martingale show lead is the perfect fit in all varieties of situations. whether you use it in the show ring, for training, or just when you need control of your dog in a pinch, this martingale leash is always essential. not only... personalized english bridle leather snap leash 911 $49.00 the classic look to sum it up, our english bridle leather snap leash is just plain beautiful. made right here in the good old usa, our handcrafted english bridle leather dog leashes are fully stitched with ivory nylon thread and accented with... waterproof pup pack: waterproof scrufftag collar and matching leash bundle 623 was: $58.00 now: $46.40 on sale waterproof personalized collar and matching leash our waterproof pup pack will have you and your pup ready to take on puddles, rain, and all the splashies! this is a personalized dog collar and leash set that isn’t afraid to get wet. before you... waterproof traffic leash 970 $17.00 waterproof traffic leash for dogs as a responsible pet parent, your dog’s safety is always top of mind. there are some situations in which you will need to keep your dog close when walking, such as a busy street, an event with lots of people and... maya dog leash 878 $39.00 handwoven maya dog leash a style like no other looking for a leash that combines individual style and excellent quality then take a look at the maya dog leash. this one of a kind leash is perfect for a dog with a bright personality. part of the maya... embroidered reflective nylon dog leash 879 $39.00 play it safeuse of reflective or lighted accessories is an important precaution for activities with your dog, nighttime or daytime. the embroidered reflective personalized dog leash matches our reflective dog collars. solid materials the bright solid... double handled nylon dog leash 1022 $25.00 nothin' on nylon our double handled nylon dog leash is for the pups who want to shine. available in 18 colors and multiple sizes, the nylon dog leash is both affordable and available in a color that's sure to make your dog look his best... mendota show dog british slip lead 897 $14.00 all the qualities professional handlers seek in a show lead are found in the mendota british show slip lead. from the trusted materials to the knowing build, this show lead provides style and utility. sleek & stylishat 1/8 inches in diameter, this... waterproof soft grip jaeger lead 1009 $39.00 the ultimate multi use leash ever wished you had more hands, or a different type of leash on you? our waterproof jaeger lead is the swiss army knife of leashes and many professional dog handlers love them. this universal leash can be used a... waterproof soft grip slip leash 1029 $22.00 the waterproof slip leash is, simply put, an excellent dog leash. it comes in two lengths and 16 colors. the slip leash can be an effective tool that will help train your dog for leash pressure, and walking on a leash. use it for walks, jogs,... custom embroidered tangle-free nylon double dog leash 848 $39.00 custom embroidered tangle-free nylon double dog leash double the fun find the perfect blend of fashion and practicality with the customized embroidered tangle-free nylon double dog leash. the dual leads allow you to safely and easily walk two dogs at... waterproof tangle free nameplate two-dog leash 732 $49.00 make it a double! when you have double trouble, skip the hassle of two separate leashes and swap to the personalized waterproof tangle free two dog leash - it’s a lifesaver! if you have more than one dog, you know the struggle of... nylon pup pack: nylon scrufftag collar & matching leash bundle 618 was: $50.00 now: $40.00 on sale nylon personalized dog collar and matching leash if you’re adding a new fur ball to your family, you can’t go wrong with a stylish nylon collar and leash set that can fit dogs of most sizes. adding to your family is exciting, but it can also... mendota braided traffic lead 895 $18.00 sometimes we need to keep our pets on a short leash. the mendota braided traffic lead is designed both for training and for other situations where it is necessary to keep your dog close by your side. the length of this mendota lead is ideal for greater... dog training biothane waterproof long line 1014 $39.00 ever wish you could take your pup to the park and let them run and explore, but worried they might wander off? or do you have a working dog who needs a little extra length to their leash for freedom while learning to quarter? or maybe you're working on... 1 2 3 next the best dog leashes for your best friend when it comes to dog walking, we're confident that within our selection, you won't have a problem locating the best dog leash for both you and your beloved pup. whether you're picking out a leash for a puppy or replacing your dog's current leash, you're spoiled for choice here. you know how your best four-legged buddy behaves on a lead, which helps with the decision process. pick out the color, design, and material that will best suit your dog's behavior. you can look for leashes that will help you to assert authority as the owner. you can stand up as the leader of the pack, the alpha dog. enjoy a leisurely walk with your pooch, or go on an adventure through unknown terrain. we have everything you need! the leader in dog leashes take a moment to browse through our leashes, and we're convinced you'll find the best dog leash in no time. waterproof leashes are must-haves for dogs who love romping in lakes, pools, rivers, or the ocean. the waterproof strap we use was originally developed for horse team harnesses so it's extremely heavy duty. though it's tough and waterproof, you'll be amazed how soft and grippy it feels in-hand. maybe you have a small dog so need something lighter weight, durable and sturdy but not water and odor proof to lead your eager pooch, then opt for our canvas or nylon leashes. rope leashes are very stylish, strong and tough as well. all of our leashes are extremely strong. so for dogs who pull a lot, any of them will hold up well. however, a leather leash is what you need to let your dog strut her stuff. walking two dogs at once? snag yourself one of our double dog leashes that won't ever tangle. many of our leashes can be personalized with your contact information, too in case you ever misplace it. once you pick out a leash, you can select the color and customization you want and add a unique dog tag. find the best dog leash at dogids! subscribe to our newsletter join our email list for deals, pet parent tips and new products! email known and safely home need help or have a question? monday - friday, 9:00 am to 4:00 pm cst. service@dogids.com 800.720.8247 customer service contact us my account customer help center returns & exchanges shipping information sizing guides wholesale orders international shipping dogids gift cards dogids email gift certificates join our sms list for special deals special categories on sale! bundle and save! new products best sellers river's picks all dogids products made in fargo nd all mendota pet products human products cat products our company about our pack career opportunities our blog paw it forward our guarantee made in the usa privacy policy site map dogids site reviews © 2013 - dogids. all rights reserved.