来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20221220030857/https://www.dogids.com/working-dog-gear/
================================================================================

working dog gear | dog training supplies | dogids menu search cart cart-close wishlist arrow-down star star-empty chevron-right chevron-left arrow-right arrow-left close close-small remove radio-unchecked radio-checked checkbox-unchecked checkbox-checked facebook flickr google-plus instagram kickstarter linkedin mail pinterest print reddit rss spotify stumbleupon tumblr twitter vimeo vine youtube alert-info alert-fail alert-success open arrow hamburger grid icon-visa icon-mastercard icon-american-express icon-discover icon-paypal 50% off gift cards click here! best sellers sale 800.720.8247 i i i i i i dog collars shop all dog collars personalized dog collars scrufftag collars embroidered dog collars martingale collars nameplate collars puppy collars waterproof dog collars nylon dog collars leather dog collars reflective dog collars designer dog collars dog tracker collars dog training collars hunting dog collars dog tags shop all dog tags dog collar nameplates shop all dog collar nameplates slide on dog collar nameplates rivet on dog collar nameplates hanging dog tags shop all hanging dog tags round dog id tags bone dog id tags unique shaped dog tags handmade dog tags cat id tags dog leashes shop all dog leashes personalized dog leashes leather dog leashes nylon dog leashes waterproof dog leashes specialty dog leashes reflective dog leashes martingale leashes slip leads dog supplies shop all dog supplies product bundles dog harnesses dog collar & tag accessories dog feeding accessories dog treats personalized collar buckles dog apparel dog health & safety dog travel & outdoor gear working dog gear holidays & special occasions human products dogids gift cards usd usd cad aud gbp eur jpy brl inr rub mxn npr ugx uyu uzs uah khr bmd zar myr nzd php crc krw dkk bgn fkp thb chf nok xaf sek ils pln cny twd pkr mga hrk xpf sar vnd huf bzd bdt egp dop idr ron try isk omr hnl all kzt kes czk zmw mur qar vuv awg xcd pen djf bsd kyd jmd mwk nio bhd amd gel ttd mkd gtq bbd azn xof bob bwp kmf ang etb gmd gip gnf gyd kgs lak mro mnt mzn pgk rwf scr sbd srd szl tzs top aed moroccan dirham singapore dollar hong kong dollar chilean peso argentine peso brunei dollar colombian peso macanese pataca sign in i i sign in cart 0 your cart i your cart is empty known and safely home i i i dog collars shop all dog collars personalized dog collars scrufftag collars embroidered dog collars martingale collars nameplate collars puppy collars waterproof dog collars nylon dog collars leather dog collars reflective dog collars designer dog collars dog tracker collars dog training collars hunting dog collars dog tags shop all dog tags dog collar nameplates shop all dog collar nameplates slide on dog collar nameplates rivet on dog collar nameplates hanging dog tags shop all hanging dog tags round dog id tags bone dog id tags unique shaped dog tags handmade dog tags cat id tags dog leashes shop all dog leashes personalized dog leashes leather dog leashes nylon dog leashes waterproof dog leashes specialty dog leashes reflective dog leashes martingale leashes slip leads dog supplies shop all dog supplies product bundles dog harnesses dog collar & tag accessories dog feeding accessories dog treats personalized collar buckles dog apparel dog health & safety dog travel & outdoor gear working dog gear holidays & special occasions human products dogids gift cards usd usd cad aud gbp eur jpy brl inr rub mxn npr ugx uyu uzs uah khr bmd zar myr nzd php crc krw dkk bgn fkp thb chf nok xaf sek ils pln cny twd pkr mga hrk xpf sar vnd huf bzd bdt egp dop idr ron try isk omr hnl all kzt kes czk zmw mur qar vuv awg xcd pen djf bsd kyd jmd mwk nio bhd amd gel ttd mkd gtq bbd azn xof bob bwp kmf ang etb gmd gip gnf gyd kgs lak mro mnt mzn pgk rwf scr sbd srd szl tzs top aed moroccan dirham singapore dollar hong kong dollar chilean peso argentine peso brunei dollar colombian peso macanese pataca sign in i i sign in cart 0 your cart i your cart is empty sign in cart 0 your cart i your cart is empty working dog gear home dog supplies working dog gear brand mendota pet (27) dogids (15) item color red (20) black (19) green (18) orange (18) blue (17) brown (17) purple (16) pink (15) yellow (13) camouflage (11) white (11) gray (9) tan (7) turquoise (6) patterned (5) show more show less grid list featured items newest items best selling a to z z to a price: lowest to highest price: highest to lowest filter i filter by brand mendota pet (27) dogids (15) item color red (20) black (19) green (18) orange (18) blue (17) brown (17) purple (16) pink (15) yellow (13) camouflage (11) white (11) gray (9) tan (7) turquoise (6) patterned (5) show more show less apply sort i sort by featured items newest items best selling a to z z to a by review price: lowest to highest price: highest to lowest embroidered nylon martingale collar 666 $34.00 custom martingale collars there is nothing better than getting home after a long day at work and throwing on your favorite pair of sweatpants. in essence, our embroidered martingale dog collars offer your dog this luxury all day long. by being snug when... waterproof chain martingale collar with nameplate 767 $44.00 finally, a martingale collar that’s also waterproof! it’s the best of both worlds and ideal for training your pup. the waterproof chain martingale collar with engraved nameplate is perfect for the active dog. the ultimate training collar this waterproof... nylon martingale collar with personalized buckle 533 $34.00 this tough yet soft nylon martingale collar with personalized buckle is the perfect match for any dog. it fits comfortably around your dog’s neck while allowing for more control than the average collar while on walks. even better, the buckle... custom embroidered nylon step-in dog harness 548 $54.00 our embroidered nylon dog harness has it all: comfort, ease of walking, safety, and so much more. the must have harness if you’re tired of your pooch straining his neck on walks, then this personalized dog harness is exactly what you need. by moving the... mendota braided slip lead for dogs 442 $23.00 essential for every situation the mendota braided slip lead has been used for many years by trainers and handlers in the field and show ring, but has now been adapted for everyday use. no matter the situation, this dog leash will always be the perfect... nylon chain martingale collar 503 $19.00 nylon chain martingale collar looking for a correctional collar that is both comfortable and safe for your pup?? then our nylon chain martingale collar is just what you need! it's adjustable, lightweight, and is available in 18 fun colors to choose from... mendota braided command slip collar 199 $12.00 mendota braided command collar mendota braided slip command collars are a great alternative to chain slip collars and are made from durable but soft polypropylene. available in six neck sizes and 10 vibrant colors, they are a chic way for you to train... mendota dog walker martingale leash 892 $25.00 martingale leash a valuable essential the mendota dog walker martingale leash is a combined leash and collar system for everyday walks or for special show or field activities. each lead is made in the usa from quality, durable mendota brand... no pull custom embroidered dog harness 658 $54.00 no pull custom embroidered dog harness do you love a dog who is not an all-star walker? maybe they pull on their leash, zig zag across your path, or decide to sit or lay down. if your walks are short-lived because of one or more of these things, you and... mendota martingale show lead 896 $15.00 a great fit the mendota martingale show lead is the perfect fit in all varieties of situations. whether you use it in the show ring, for training, or just when you need control of your dog in a pinch, this martingale leash is always essential. not only... mendota diamond braid show slip collar 200 $11.00 mendota diamond braided slip collar excellent for training and more the mendota diamond braid show slip collar is great in many settings. whether you're showing them off, or just practicing his or her skills, this slip collar will definitely do the... personalized buckle nylon step-in dog harness 527 $49.00 what’s better than an easy, step-in dog harness a personalized step-in dog harness, of course! introducing our brand new, personalized buckle step in dog harness. the materials our nylon is of the highest quality available. it is soft, so... mendota show dog british slip lead 897 $14.00 all the qualities professional handlers seek in a show lead are found in the mendota british show slip lead. from the trusted materials to the knowing build, this show lead provides style and utility. sleek & stylishat 1/8 inches in diameter, this... mendota braided traffic lead 895 $18.00 sometimes we need to keep our pets on a short leash. the mendota braided traffic lead is designed both for training and for other situations where it is necessary to keep your dog close by your side. the length of this mendota lead is ideal for greater... mendota show loop lead 466 $11.00 show off in style the mendota show loop lead is perfect for the show ring or any time you need to get a hold on your dog in a hurry. with fourteen different color options to choose from, your dog is sure to be the talk of the town in this show lead. not... personalized waterproof multi-dog leash 765 $49.00 do you have two, three, four or even more dogs that you want to walk at once without the hassle of multiple leashes the personalized waterproof multi-dog leash offers the perfect solution. with two detachable leads and the option of adding... mendota english bridle leather jaeger lead 902 $68.00 extreme versatility our mendota english bridle leather jaeger lead is the ultimate dog leash. with five uses (and maybe even more that we haven’t thought of yet!), this leather lead is incredibly useful. you can strap it around your shoulders or... mendota english bridle leather slip lead 903 $39.00 for every situation our mendota english bridle leather slip lead is a very effective and easy to use training tool. this leather dog leash not only looks beautiful, but is perfect in almost every setting. whether you are in the field, training, showing,... mendota 12" english bridle leather traffic lead 905 $31.00 elegant style, trusted functionalityat times it can be necessary to walk your dog close to you. a short handled traffic lead allows for increased control and safety. the mendota english bridle leather traffic lead is one of the most popular items in the... mendota swivel slip lead 587 $27.00 does your dog tie you in knots while on a walk then the mendota swivel slip lead is the leash for you! swivel it! this lead has everything you already love about a slip lead, but with an added feature. it swivels! the swivel mechanism prevents... service dog id tag 641 $12.00 the service dog id tag is a great option for informing people that your dog is a service dog. this tag is perfect for all working dogs like mobility dogs, hearing dogs and guide dogs. the service dog products are sold strictly for legitimate... mendota english bridle leather dog collar snap bell 412 $19.00 the mendota english bridle leather dog collar snap bell matches all mendota style leather collars and leashes. you can snap this collar bell right onto the dee ring of any dog collar. some people call this style bell a "bear bell" since they were... mendota check cord 407 $26.00 by professionals, for youthe mendota check cord is the professional’s choice for training to come on command and retrieving to hand. a trusted mendota product, you can be assured this check cord will serve you and your dog through many fond years... mendota braided ez trainer leash 438 $26.00 train the ez way the mendota ez trainer lead/leash was designed in cooperation with a leading dog trainer of obedience and field trials. through a program of repeat training, this product makes training "ez". snap to ring on collar, slide ring to middle... 1 2 next working dog gear we at dogids want you and your dog to have the best training experience possible. that is why we have put together tips and advice on training your pup and how to work through common behavior issues. if you would like information on how to begin training, check out our blog posts below. are you a new puppy parent? we’ve compiled a list of all the things we think you should know about bringing your pup home and how to begin training them. you can read this list in our blog puppy training tips and advice. some common issues with dogs are barking when home alone or not listening to commands. if you would like some advice on how to train your pup to stop doing these things, check out our post on top training tips. you want your dog to be comfortable and controlled on walks or around the house. if you’re wondering whether a collar or harness will most benefit your dog and what types of each there are, read our blog collar vs. harness. dogs tend to get very excited when meeting people. if your dog energetically greets people by jumping up on them and you would like to teach them to stay down, check out our article 4 tips to stop a dog from jumping. training a dog is a daunting task that takes time and consistent effort. there are plenty of tips on how you should train your dog, but you may have never thought about what you should not be doing. here are a few training mistakes to keep in mind when teaching your dog a new command. subscribe to our newsletter join our email list for deals, pet parent tips and new products! email known and safely home need help or have a question? monday - friday, 9:00 am to 4:00 pm cst. service@dogids.com 800.720.8247 customer service contact us my account customer help center returns & exchanges shipping information sizing guides wholesale orders international shipping gift certificates join our sms list for special deals special categories on sale! bundle and save! new products best sellers river's picks all dogids products made in fargo nd all mendota pet products human products cat products our company about our pack career opportunities our blog paw it forward our guarantee made in the usa privacy policy site map dogids site reviews © 2013 - dogids. all rights reserved.