来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20221220030857/https://www.dogids.com/waterproof-dog-collars/
================================================================================

waterproof dog collars | quiet, tough & odor proof | dogids menu search cart cart-close wishlist arrow-down star star-empty chevron-right chevron-left arrow-right arrow-left close close-small remove radio-unchecked radio-checked checkbox-unchecked checkbox-checked facebook flickr google-plus instagram kickstarter linkedin mail pinterest print reddit rss spotify stumbleupon tumblr twitter vimeo vine youtube alert-info alert-fail alert-success open arrow hamburger grid icon-visa icon-mastercard icon-american-express icon-discover icon-paypal 50% off gift cards click here! best sellers sale 800.720.8247 i i i i i i dog collars shop all dog collars personalized dog collars scrufftag collars embroidered dog collars martingale collars nameplate collars puppy collars waterproof dog collars nylon dog collars leather dog collars reflective dog collars designer dog collars dog tracker collars dog training collars hunting dog collars dog tags shop all dog tags dog collar nameplates shop all dog collar nameplates slide on dog collar nameplates rivet on dog collar nameplates hanging dog tags shop all hanging dog tags round dog id tags bone dog id tags unique shaped dog tags handmade dog tags cat id tags dog leashes shop all dog leashes personalized dog leashes leather dog leashes nylon dog leashes waterproof dog leashes specialty dog leashes reflective dog leashes martingale leashes slip leads dog supplies shop all dog supplies product bundles dog harnesses dog collar & tag accessories dog feeding accessories dog treats personalized collar buckles dog apparel dog health & safety dog travel & outdoor gear working dog gear holidays & special occasions human products dogids gift cards usd usd cad aud gbp eur jpy brl inr rub mxn npr ugx uyu uzs uah khr bmd zar myr nzd php crc krw dkk bgn fkp thb chf nok xaf sek ils pln cny twd pkr mga hrk xpf sar vnd huf bzd bdt egp dop idr ron try isk omr hnl all kzt kes czk zmw mur qar vuv awg xcd pen djf bsd kyd jmd mwk nio bhd amd gel ttd mkd gtq bbd azn xof bob bwp kmf ang etb gmd gip gnf gyd kgs lak mro mnt mzn pgk rwf scr sbd srd szl tzs top aed moroccan dirham singapore dollar hong kong dollar chilean peso argentine peso brunei dollar colombian peso macanese pataca sign in i i sign in cart 0 your cart i your cart is empty known and safely home i i i dog collars shop all dog collars personalized dog collars scrufftag collars embroidered dog collars martingale collars nameplate collars puppy collars waterproof dog collars nylon dog collars leather dog collars reflective dog collars designer dog collars dog tracker collars dog training collars hunting dog collars dog tags shop all dog tags dog collar nameplates shop all dog collar nameplates slide on dog collar nameplates rivet on dog collar nameplates hanging dog tags shop all hanging dog tags round dog id tags bone dog id tags unique shaped dog tags handmade dog tags cat id tags dog leashes shop all dog leashes personalized dog leashes leather dog leashes nylon dog leashes waterproof dog leashes specialty dog leashes reflective dog leashes martingale leashes slip leads dog supplies shop all dog supplies product bundles dog harnesses dog collar & tag accessories dog feeding accessories dog treats personalized collar buckles dog apparel dog health & safety dog travel & outdoor gear working dog gear holidays & special occasions human products dogids gift cards usd usd cad aud gbp eur jpy brl inr rub mxn npr ugx uyu uzs uah khr bmd zar myr nzd php crc krw dkk bgn fkp thb chf nok xaf sek ils pln cny twd pkr mga hrk xpf sar vnd huf bzd bdt egp dop idr ron try isk omr hnl all kzt kes czk zmw mur qar vuv awg xcd pen djf bsd kyd jmd mwk nio bhd amd gel ttd mkd gtq bbd azn xof bob bwp kmf ang etb gmd gip gnf gyd kgs lak mro mnt mzn pgk rwf scr sbd srd szl tzs top aed moroccan dirham singapore dollar hong kong dollar chilean peso argentine peso brunei dollar colombian peso macanese pataca sign in i i sign in cart 0 your cart i your cart is empty sign in cart 0 your cart i your cart is empty waterproof dog collars home dog collars waterproof dog collars brand dogids (33) off leash collars (1) item color black (30) red (27) blue (26) orange (23) pink (23) teal (20) green (19) brown (17) wine (16) magenta (15) purple (15) coral (11) white (11) yellow (11) hunter green (10) show more show less grid list featured items newest items best selling a to z z to a price: lowest to highest price: highest to lowest filter i filter by brand dogids (33) off leash collars (1) item color black (30) red (27) blue (26) orange (23) pink (23) teal (20) green (19) brown (17) wine (16) magenta (15) purple (15) coral (11) white (11) yellow (11) hunter green (10) show more show less apply sort i sort by featured items newest items best selling a to z z to a by review price: lowest to highest price: highest to lowest waterproof scrufftag collar 115 $34.00 biothane dog collars the waterproof scrufftag personalized dog collar is an excellent option for pet owners who want their dogs to feel comfortable but still secure. they are soft biothane dog collars that offer a bit more flexibility than other options... reflective waterproof scrufftag collar 112 $39.00 scrufftag waterproof reflective personalized dog collars when safety is a priority, our waterproof reflective personalized dog collars are essential. a specialized reflective strip keeps your dog visible and safe on nighttime walks, and our durable... waterproof dog collar with personalized nameplate 152 $34.00 personalized waterproof dog collars when choosing what kind of collar you want for your dog, material and construction are always among the top priorities. our soft grip waterproof dog collar with nameplate is perfect for just those reasons! made of soft... waterproof safety collar with nameplate 516 $39.00 waterproof safety collar with nameplate looking for a dog safety collar that helps with identification and keeps your dog safe as well? try a waterproof soft grip dog safety collar with personalized nameplate. it's full of features that will benefit both... quick release waterproof scrufftag collar 975 $34.00 waterproof scrufftag quick release dog collar the quick release waterproof scrufftag collar is our latest addition to the scrufftag collar line, and it checks a lot of boxes for our customers! this waterproof quick release dog collar has the same... fusion artisan padded dog collar with nameplate 997 $49.00 this fusion artisan padded dog collar checks a lot of boxes. handcrafted by our artisan partner kaydi in minnesota, it’s not only durable, with a waterproof and smell resistant base collar, but it’s also beautiful and comfortable since... waterproof chain martingale collar with nameplate 767 $44.00 finally, a martingale collar that’s also waterproof! it’s the best of both worlds and ideal for training your pup. the waterproof chain martingale collar with engraved nameplate is perfect for the active dog. the ultimate training collar this waterproof... reflective waterproof personalized dog collar 465 $34.00 these lightweight, personalized dog collars are perfect for every occasion, from hunting in the field to a leisurely evening walk. personalize the reflective strip with engraving on this high visibility dog collar to keep your dog safe no matter their... reflective waterproof dog collar with name plate 522 $39.00 safety first at dogids, we know the safety of your dog is always a top priority, and our reflective waterproof dog collar with name plate will ensure just that - safety. these reflective dog collars provide you and your dog with much-needed information... quick release waterproof sleevetag collar 982 $34.00 outfitting your dog with this unique personalized dog collar will make them the talk of doggie daycare! this waterproof collar truly has it all: style, functionality, and customization. each quick release sleevetag waterproof collar is made from a... reflective waterproof safety collar with nameplate 515 $39.00 made for safety at dogids, we know that safety is always one of the most important concerns for you and your furry friend. our reflective waterproof safety collar with nameplate is built just for that. if your dog spends time outside when it’s... fi series 2 compatible waterproof collar with personalized nameplate 1058 $49.00 fi compatible and personalized waterproof dog collars does your dog love adventure? fi trackers are there for you when your dog escapes and detects their location using gps location. our fi compatible waterproof collars with personalized nameplate offer... waterproof soft grip collar 942 $24.00 waterproof = lifeproof don’t let this collar’s look fool you. it may come in 16 bright colors, one of which is bound to look snazzy on your dog, but this waterproof soft grip durable dog collar is made for a dog’s real life. each... waterproof pup pack: waterproof scrufftag collar & matching leash set 623 was: $58.00 now: $46.40 on sale waterproof pup pack: waterproof personalized dog collar & matching leash our vibrant waterproof dog pup pack will have you and your pup ready to take on puddles, rain, and all the splashies! this is a personalized dog collar and leash set that... waterproof brass scrufftag collar 1035 $34.00 limited edition! brass waterproof softgrip scrufftag collar and matching leash these waterproof scrufftag collars will have your pup looking his best this fall. it's a limited edition color, so get it while we have it. once it's gone, it's gone! plus,... waterproof collar with personalized brass nameplate 1049 $34.00 waterproof brass nameplate collar and matching leash these waterproof nameplate collars will have your pup looking his best with these earthy colors. the waterproof material will have you and your pup ready to take on any body of water they can get... two-tone waterproof scrufftag collar 705 $34.00 can’t choose what color collar to get your four-legged friend? looking for a customized dog collar in your favorite sports team’s colors? you get to choose 2 vibrant colors with our two-toned waterproof scrufftag dog collars. these... waterproof soft grip safety collar 964 $24.00 if your dog is always on an adventure, our waterproof soft grip safety collar is a great option. the waterproof design is perfect for dogs that love to get wet and messy on a regular basis. simply wipe your collar off when it’s dirty and put it back... personalized buckle fi series 2 waterproof collar 1076 $47.00 personalized buckle fi compatible waterproof collar ***this product is compatible with the fi series 2 module only!*** fi module is not included in purchase. don't have a fi module? get $50 off a fi kit using code dogids50 at tryfi... fi series 2 reflective waterproof nameplate collar 1066 $54.00 safety first does your dog love adventure? fi trackers are there for you when your dog escapes and detects their location using gps location. our fi compatible reflective waterproof collars with personalized nameplate offer extra security in the case of... waterproof faux leather collar with nameplate 1080 $39.00 personalized waterproof faux leather dog collar with nameplate our waterproof faux leather dog collar looks and feels just like real leather, but without the maintenance that leather requires. we utilize biothane to make these faux leather collars -... reflective waterproof dog collar 943 $29.00 a collar for daytime & nighttime play! our reflective waterproof dog collar is perfect for med-large dogs that never stop playing. during the day, the waterproof soft grip strap holds up to all of the water and mud that your dog can throw at it. at... reflective waterproof safety collar 980 $29.00 as responsible pet owners, the best we can do is outfit our dogs with the right gear for every situation. our reflective waterproof safety collar is the best reflective dog collar for active dogs that love to be outside during the day and night and often... waterproof faux leather scrufftag dog collar 1082 $39.00 waterproof faux leather scrufftag dog collar our waterproof faux leather scrufftag dog collar looks and feels just like real leather, but without the maintenance that leather requires. we utilize biothane to make these faux leather collars - waterproof... 1 2 next waterproof dog collars most dog collars serve the purpose of identifying lost pets - but what about the active pup? when you are choosing a collar, you want one that matches the lifestyle of your pet and still keeps them safe. dogids waterproof dog collars are sure to keep your pet visible even when they’re taking a dip or rolling in the sand on the beach. customize your perfect waterproof collar today for extra protection for the water-worthy pets among us. why waterproof? each of our personalized collars and tags come with their own benefits, and our collection of waterproof dog collars is no exception. many collars become worn or even smelly after a day-long beach jaunt. a quality waterproof collar prevents odor and wear while still remaining stylish. from reflective options to designer rhinestones, each of our collars has both function and style in mind. we have the perfect version to suit your best friend for life. our commitment to quality each of our waterproof dog collars comes with a lifetime guarantee on workmanship and quality. many of our products are hand-crafted in the united states by fellow pet owners who know what they would want their own pets to wear. high-tech laser equipment engraves each tag with essential information that helps bring your pet home safely every day. order your waterproof dog collars today dogids offers flat-rate shipping and guaranteed delivery of every waterproof collar. explore our free shipping options for larger orders and rest easy knowing that dogids makes your best pal’s safety a top priority, even when they’re in the water. subscribe to our newsletter join our email list for deals, pet parent tips and new products! email known and safely home need help or have a question? monday - friday, 9:00 am to 4:00 pm cst. service@dogids.com 800.720.8247 customer service contact us my account customer help center returns & exchanges shipping information sizing guides wholesale orders international shipping gift certificates join our sms list for special deals special categories on sale! bundle and save! new products best sellers river's picks all dogids products made in fargo nd all mendota pet products human products cat products our company about our pack career opportunities our blog paw it forward our guarantee made in the usa privacy policy site map dogids site reviews © 2013 - dogids. all rights reserved.