来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20221220030857/https://www.dogids.com/blog/
================================================================================

dogids "how-to" dog blog - dogids menu search cart cart-close wishlist arrow-down star star-empty chevron-right chevron-left arrow-right arrow-left close close-small remove radio-unchecked radio-checked checkbox-unchecked checkbox-checked facebook flickr google-plus instagram kickstarter linkedin mail pinterest print reddit rss spotify stumbleupon tumblr twitter vimeo vine youtube alert-info alert-fail alert-success open arrow hamburger grid icon-visa icon-mastercard icon-american-express icon-discover icon-paypal 50% off gift cards click here! best sellers sale 800.720.8247 i i i i i i dog collars shop all dog collars personalized dog collars scrufftag collars embroidered dog collars martingale collars nameplate collars puppy collars waterproof dog collars nylon dog collars leather dog collars reflective dog collars designer dog collars dog tracker collars dog training collars hunting dog collars dog tags shop all dog tags dog collar nameplates shop all dog collar nameplates slide on dog collar nameplates rivet on dog collar nameplates hanging dog tags shop all hanging dog tags round dog id tags bone dog id tags unique shaped dog tags handmade dog tags cat id tags dog leashes shop all dog leashes personalized dog leashes leather dog leashes nylon dog leashes waterproof dog leashes specialty dog leashes reflective dog leashes martingale leashes slip leads dog supplies shop all dog supplies product bundles dog harnesses dog collar & tag accessories dog feeding accessories dog treats personalized collar buckles dog apparel dog health & safety dog travel & outdoor gear working dog gear holidays & special occasions human products dogids gift cards usd usd cad aud gbp eur jpy brl inr rub mxn npr ugx uyu uzs uah khr bmd zar myr nzd php crc krw dkk bgn fkp thb chf nok xaf sek ils pln cny twd pkr mga hrk xpf sar vnd huf bzd bdt egp dop idr ron try isk omr hnl all kzt kes czk zmw mur qar vuv awg xcd pen djf bsd kyd jmd mwk nio bhd amd gel ttd mkd gtq bbd azn xof bob bwp kmf ang etb gmd gip gnf gyd kgs lak mro mnt mzn pgk rwf scr sbd srd szl tzs top aed moroccan dirham singapore dollar hong kong dollar chilean peso argentine peso brunei dollar colombian peso macanese pataca sign in i i sign in cart 0 your cart i your cart is empty known and safely home i i i dog collars shop all dog collars personalized dog collars scrufftag collars embroidered dog collars martingale collars nameplate collars puppy collars waterproof dog collars nylon dog collars leather dog collars reflective dog collars designer dog collars dog tracker collars dog training collars hunting dog collars dog tags shop all dog tags dog collar nameplates shop all dog collar nameplates slide on dog collar nameplates rivet on dog collar nameplates hanging dog tags shop all hanging dog tags round dog id tags bone dog id tags unique shaped dog tags handmade dog tags cat id tags dog leashes shop all dog leashes personalized dog leashes leather dog leashes nylon dog leashes waterproof dog leashes specialty dog leashes reflective dog leashes martingale leashes slip leads dog supplies shop all dog supplies product bundles dog harnesses dog collar & tag accessories dog feeding accessories dog treats personalized collar buckles dog apparel dog health & safety dog travel & outdoor gear working dog gear holidays & special occasions human products dogids gift cards usd usd cad aud gbp eur jpy brl inr rub mxn npr ugx uyu uzs uah khr bmd zar myr nzd php crc krw dkk bgn fkp thb chf nok xaf sek ils pln cny twd pkr mga hrk xpf sar vnd huf bzd bdt egp dop idr ron try isk omr hnl all kzt kes czk zmw mur qar vuv awg xcd pen djf bsd kyd jmd mwk nio bhd amd gel ttd mkd gtq bbd azn xof bob bwp kmf ang etb gmd gip gnf gyd kgs lak mro mnt mzn pgk rwf scr sbd srd szl tzs top aed moroccan dirham singapore dollar hong kong dollar chilean peso argentine peso brunei dollar colombian peso macanese pataca sign in i i sign in cart 0 your cart i your cart is empty sign in cart 0 your cart i your cart is empty dogids "how-to" dog blog nov 30th 2022 how to put on a dog harness correctly using a step-in dog harnessa nylon dog harness is something every dog should have. they are a great tool to use when walking with your pet. here are instructions on how to put on a dog harness correctly.before we start... do you have a step-in harness? no? check out our variety of harness at dogids here. our step-in harness is available in an embroidered style or with a personalized… read more nov 30th 2022 how to stop your dog from barking when home alone when i first adopted my dog ace, he would bark for 20 minutes every time i left for work (those high-pitched, annoying yips!). this was stressful for me, because i lived in an apartment at the time and didn’t want my new dog to cause problems with my neighbors. i remember asking a friend what i should do, and she said not to worry. she believed my dog would adjust just fine to my routine in a fe… read more nov 30th 2022 half priced dogids gift certificates!!! for a limited time only, 1/2 price $20 gift certificates for dogids.com shopping!we've partnered with our local friends at savecoin for their daily deal, get the deal here!!get yours today, we've got a limited number of coupon codes and when they're gone they're gone!… read more nov 29th 2022 service dogs change lives of dogs for the better service dogs change lives of dogs for the betterservice dogs are vital in the lives of numerous people with different disabilities. we came across an article that featured a special service dog to help people with autism.sawyer hamilton, a teenager with autism in utah, uses an autism assistance dog provided by canine companions for independence(cci), a nonprofit organization in cali… read more nov 26th 2022 what does your dog really want for a holiday gift? just for fun, i asked a couple of dog owners what they think their dogs might really want for a holiday gift this year.here’s what they had to say:charlotte the yorkie & pippa the yorkie mix“pippa would love food, food and more food!” said emily lyons about her yorkie/maltese mix (pictured above, right).charlotte, on the other hand, would love a sling-type puppy carrier.“she constantly wants to be… read more nov 26th 2022 how to care for your dog’s paws in winter weather depending on where you live, you may need to consider extra care for your dog’s paws in winter months. for example, winter weather can cause cracked or dry paws. plus, some dogs are sensitive to the cold, snow and ice on their feet. for these reasons, i reached out to two veterinarians to get their advice on winter paw care. should your pup wear dog boots? i wrote a whole post on dog b… read more nov 26th 2022 how to pick the right collar for a christmas gift thinking about giving the pet enthusiast on your christmas list a new collar for their dog or cat? follow this guide to help you choose the best collar:choosing the right collarknow the pet’s personality. is the pet active? is it a boy, or is it a girl? does the dog spend a lot of time outside or inside? all of these factors will help you figure out the right size, color, and material.pick a price… read more nov 26th 2022 3 basic questions to ask before giving a pet this christmas before giving a pet for christmaswhile an animal might seem like the ultimate christmas gift, there’s quite a few things to consider before buying a dog or cat.1. is the recipient a child or an adult?if you’re planning to give a child a pet, it’s important to recognize that the primary caretaker of the dog or cat will likely be the child’s parents. if the animal is for your own son or daughter, ar… read more nov 26th 2022 are table scraps o.k. for your dog to eat? if i were a dog, i would take full advantage of the holiday season.lots of people = lots of food = lots of opportunity for table scraps!unfortunately, i’m not a dog, which means i should probably pay closer attention to what my furry friends chow down on this christmas.eat this, not thateven though your pets likely won’t be harmed by consumption of some of these foods, it’s important to remember t… read more nov 26th 2022 benefits of spaying or neutering your pet? february is national spay/neuter awareness month. it's a month where we remind all pet owners that unless you are planning to become a responsible dog breeder, the best option is to spay/neuter your pet. to shed some light on the subject, we created an infographic that shares all of the benefits that come from caring for your pet through a spay or neuter.spaying or neutering your pet having… read more nov 26th 2022 is dog daycare right for your dog? it’s hard not to feel guilty when you’re away at work all day and your dog is home alone.on the other hand, most dogs just sleep when we’re gone, and they are very adaptable to our schedules, especially if they’re getting plenty of exercise and interaction while we’re home.this post will go over how to decide if dog daycare is a good choice for your unique dog. i will also give some tips on how to… read more nov 26th 2022 4 tips to stop a dog from jumping dogs love to greet their dog friends by jumping on one another. it's a way for them to show affection. however, this is not exactly a polite way for dogs to greet people.if you have a dog with a jumping habit, the following tips should help teach your dog a more appropriate way to greet his human friends.tips to stop a dog’s jumping1. don’t engage with a dog who’s jumping.it’s best not to res… read more nov 26th 2022 5 benefits of quick-release buckle dog collars all buckles are not created equally. many dog owners prefer buckle collars for their dogs, but you want to make sure the buckle on your dog’s collar is safe. we’ve all seen collars with those cheap, plastic buckles that break way too easily, so obviously you want to avoid those! the buckle collars from dogids are made with a quick-release side buckle designed for durability, safety and con… read more nov 26th 2022 3 benefits of a nylon dog collar at dogids, we offer a wide variety of collars. from waterproof to leather, the one collar our customers love the best is our nylon dog collars. nylon dog collars can provide multiple benefits for your pup while keeping the traditional dog collar look.3 benefits of nylon collar for dogs nylon dog collars:ultimate comfortnylon collars are made from soft durable webbing that will give your pup ultima… read more nov 26th 2022 creating the perfect garden for you and your dog as gardening season begins, you may have many questions when it comes to planting a dog-friendly garden: what plants are poisonous to my dog? what plants are healthy for my dog? what mulches/fertilizers/pesticides are safe for my dog? what does a dog-friendly garden look like?this article will serve as your guide to creating the perfect garden not only for your backyard, but also for your furry f… read more 1 2 3 4 5 6 next subscribe to our newsletter join our email list for deals, pet parent tips and new products! email known and safely home need help or have a question? monday - friday, 9:00 am to 4:00 pm cst. service@dogids.com 800.720.8247 customer service contact us my account customer help center returns & exchanges shipping information sizing guides wholesale orders international shipping gift certificates join our sms list for special deals special categories on sale! bundle and save! new products best sellers river's picks all dogids products made in fargo nd all mendota pet products human products cat products our company about our pack career opportunities our blog paw it forward our guarantee made in the usa privacy policy site map dogids site reviews © 2013 - dogids. all rights reserved.