来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20231206221551/https://www.dogids.com/blog/
================================================================================

dogids "how-to" dog blog - dogids menu search cart cart-close wishlist arrow-down star star-empty chevron-right chevron-left arrow-right arrow-left close close-small remove radio-unchecked radio-checked checkbox-unchecked checkbox-checked facebook flickr google-plus instagram kickstarter linkedin mail pinterest print reddit rss spotify stumbleupon tumblr twitter vimeo vine youtube alert-info alert-fail alert-success open arrow hamburger grid icon-visa icon-mastercard icon-american-express icon-discover icon-paypal 25% off coupon code: woof25 new arrivals best sellers on sale i i i i i i personalized dog collars shop all personalized dog collars scrufftag collars nameplate collars embroidered dog collars engraved buckle collars martingale collars waterproof dog collars leather dog collars nylon dog collars reflective dog collars puppy collars designer dog collars dog tracking collars dog training collars hunting dog collars dog collar accessories non-personalized dog collars dog id tags shop all dog id tags themed dog tag collections dog tags shop all dog tags round dog tags bone dog tags unique shaped dog tags colorful dog tags designer dog tags funny dog tags service dog tags dog collar name plates qr code dog tags dog tag accessories cat id tags dog leashes shop all dog leashes personalized leashes slip leads martingale leashes specialty dog leashes waterproof dog leashes rope dog leashes leather dog leashes nylon dog leashes reflective dog leashes dog harnesses more collections shop all more collections dog health & safety shop all dog health & safety dog bowls & feeding accessories dog skin care products dog treats high visibility dog products working dog gear shop all working dog gear hunting dog supplies service dog supplies custom dog apparel dog travel & outdoor gear for humans river's picks holidays and special occasions bundle & save! eur usd canadian dollar australian dollar british pound euro japanese yen brazilian real russian ruble mexican peso nepalese rupee ugandan shilling ukrainian hryvnia cambodian riel bermudan dollar south african rand malaysian ringgit new zealand dollar philippine peso south korean won danish krone bulgarian lev thai baht swiss franc norwegian krone central african cfa franc swedish krona israeli new sheqel polish zloty chinese yuan new taiwan dollar pakistani rupee malagasy ariary cfp franc saudi riyal vietnamese dong hungarian forint belize dollar bangladeshi taka egyptian pound dominican peso indonesian rupiah turkish lira icelandic króna omani rial honduran lempira kazakhstani tenge kenyan shilling czech republic koruna zambian kwacha mauritian rupee qatari rial aruban florin east caribbean dollar peruvian nuevo sol bahamian dollar cayman islands dollar jamaican dollar malawian kwacha nicaraguan córdoba bahraini dinar trinidad & tobago dollar macedonian denar guatemalan quetzal barbadian dollar bolivian boliviano botswanan pula netherlands antillean guilder ethiopian birr gibraltar pound guyanaese dollar laotian kip papua new guinean kina seychellois rupee surinamese dollar swazi lilangeni tanzanian shilling united arab emirates dirham moroccan dirham singapore dollar hong kong dollar chilean peso argentine peso brunei dollar colombian peso macanese pataca kuwaiti dinar fijian dollar maldivian rufiyaa cape verdean escudo sign in i i sign in cart 0 your cart i your cart is empty known and safely home i i sign in cart 0 your cart i your cart is empty dogids "how-to" dog blog dec 02, 2023 dog friendly holiday decorations ‘tis the season to decorate your home - safely. if you’ve got a pet, you may be wondering if your holiday decorations are safe for them. check out some safe plant and light alternatives and other decorations to keep away from your pets.dog friendly holiday decorationspet safe plantsturns out, many popular holiday plants are actually poisonous to pets. some of these include mistletoe, holly, and po… read more nov 28, 2023 unleash the fun: 7 creative ideas for personalized dog id tags is your best friend a furry fashionista? each time they leave the house, do they aim to look pawsitively fabulous? what if your pooch could rock a pawsome ensemble that also kept them safe and secure? with these cute personalized dog id tag ideas, they can! a custom dog tag is the simplest and most stylish way to keep your dog safe while you’re out and about. it puts all the most important in… read more nov 15, 2023 make it personal: why custom dog tags are a must for every pooch! hello, fellow dog lovers and devoted pet parents! today, we're diving into the charming and crucial world of custom dog tags. just like their collars, every pup deserves a tag that speaks to their unique personality while serving as a vital line of defense should they ever wander off. let’s explore why personalized dog tags are a game-changer for you and your furry companion.the importance of d… read more nov 15, 2023 how to choose the right size dog collar: a detailed guide hey there, dog lovers! when it comes to pampering our furry friends, choosing the right dog collar is as important as picking their favorite treat. a collar is not just a fashion statement; it's a safety tool, a place for their id tags, and an essential part of walking with dog leashes. but with so many dog collar sizes, materials, and styles out there, how do you find the perfect fit? don'… read more aug 06, 2023 how to choose the right dog collar for your dog which custom collar is best for your dog? if you’re new to the dog world, you might be confused when it comes to choosing the right one for your new canine family member. there are so many options, brands, designs and materials - how could you possibly choose the best one, especially a custom collar for your dog? every dog is a little bit different in what they need. the best way to pi… read more aug 02, 2023 4 reasons to use a martingale collar for your dog sometimes it’s hard to know what kind of collar would be best for your dog, especially if you’ve recently adopted the dog. the martingale collar is a good choice for a variety of dogs because it gives you a little more control than a regular collar. plus, it has some safety benefits. it’s my go-to collar for when i’m fostering a dog. this post goes over some of the details on why i like usi… read more aug 01, 2023 what to put on dog tags dog owners constantly wonder what to put on their dog’s id tags. this question deserves a good explanation. dog id tags are important, and putting the right information on them is vital. continue reading to explore what you should put on your dog’s id tags.the information to put on the id tagan id tag provides crucial information regarding your dog. keep in mind that these tags are small with limi… read more aug 01, 2023 puppy training: tips & advice to be successful we love puppies!! who doesn't? but caring for a new dog is big responsibility. preparing for a puppy means all kinds of things: training, worrying about your home, teaching your pup how to interact with your children, getting dog supplies, keeping your shoes from getting chewed up and so much more! with so many puppy training tips available online, it's stressful to find out what to do with… read more aug 01, 2023 11 tips for camping with your dog happy campers: 11 tips for camping with your dog sunny lakeside beaches. peaceful hiking trails. crackling bonfires. one of the best parts of summertime is exploring the great outdoors. and you know what’s even better? bringing along your best (four-legged) friend. whether you’re backpacking on weekend afternoons or staying a few nights at a local park, camping with your dog can be… read more jul 31, 2023 the history of dog tags and their various uses history of dog tags for dogscitizens invented the dog tag concept...the use of identification tags for dogs dates back to the late 1800s, when dog owners started attaching metal name tags to their dogs' collars as a way of identifying them. these tags typically included the dog's name, address, and owner's contact information.military dogs bridged the gap...the popularity of dog name tags or… read more jul 31, 2023 medical alert products for dogs do you have a blind dog? are they deaf? do they have seizures? pet illnesses are common. many dogs have special needs or medicine. as a pet parent, you know it can be difficult to let people know your dog has medical needs. here are 3 easy ways to display your pet's medical needs.medical alert products for dogsmedical alert dog tags medical alert tags easily display your dog's needs. our tags… read more jul 31, 2023 safety tips for visiting the dog park dogs and their owners often love the dog park! however, sometimes one poor experience at the dog park can make a dog fearful or aggressive during future visits. the following are some tips to help keep the dog park a safe and positive place for you and your dog. feel free to share your own safety tips in the comments. dog park safety tips1. exercise your dog beforehand. yes, the dog pa… read more jul 30, 2023 how do you leash? quiz when it comes to leashes, there are so many options. it’s hard to know which is right for your dog, especially when the leash is one of the most important tools when it comes to communicating with your dog. from slip leashes to jaeger leads, and long lines to traffic leashes, there’s a leash for every dog–and every occasion! ready to find out which leash your dog needs?take our how do you… read more jul 27, 2023 3 benefits of using a martingale collar for your dog new dog owners often have to decide which collar is going to be best for their furry addition. when choosing a collar, there has recently been an increase in popularity for martingale collars, otherwise known as backout collars or limited slip collars. martingale collars have two loops that allow you to have more control over your dog. one loop serves as the main collar strap around your dog's nec… read more jul 27, 2023 5 pet products you never knew you needed having a dog can be loads of fun. and also, loads of work! lucky for us, we live in a time where pet ownership is getting more popular by the minute. that means that creative people are coming up with a creative solution to the problems pet owners face every day. on dogids.com, we have a ton of inventive products that make dog parenting so much easier. here's our list of the top 5 dog pro… read more 1 2 3 4 5 6 next subscribe to our newsletter join our email list for deals, pet parent tips and new products! email known and safely home need help or have a question? monday - friday, 9:00 am to 4:00 pm cst. service@dogids.com 800.720.8247 customer service contact us my account customer help center returns & exchanges shipping information sizing guides wholesale partnerships international shipping our guarantee special categories bundle and save new products best sellers on sale email gift certificates brands our company about dogids career opportunities dogids "how-to" blog paw it forward made in the usa privacy policy dogids site reviews join our sms list for special deals sitemap © 2005 - dogids. all rights reserved.