来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20250510124510/https://www.dogids.com/
================================================================================

premium dog collars & personalized dog id tags | dogids free shipping on all usa orders $49+ new arrivals best sellers on sale menu known and safely home search close search call us800.720.8247 gift certificates cart more back personalized dog collars scrufftag collars nameplate collars embroidered dog collars engraved buckle collars martingale collars waterproof dog collars leather dog collars nylon dog collars reflective dog collars puppy collars designer dog collars dog tracking collars dog training collars hunting dog collars dog collar accessories more back dog id tags themed dog tag collections dog collar name plates qr code dog tags bone dog tags colorful dog tags designer dog tags funny dog tags round dog tags unique shaped dog tags service dog tags dog tag accessories cat id tags horse nameplates and horse tags more back dog leashes personalized leashes slip leads martingale leashes specialty dog leashes waterproof dog leashes rope dog leashes leather dog leashes nylon dog leashes reflective dog leashes dog harnesses dog collars more back dog supplies more close dog health & safety dog bowls & feeding accessories dog skin care products dog treats high visibility dog products more close working dog gear hunting dog supplies service dog supplies dog apparel dog beds & accessories dog toys dog travel & outdoor gear for cats for humans holidays and special occasions paw it forward donations bundle & save! shop by brand sign in register gift certificates cart call us: 800.720.8247 premium personalized dog accessories for dogs that demand only the best our canine-loving pack at dogids works hard at handcrafting top quality customized dog tags, collars, leashes and harnesses that keep your pup looking great and most importantly, known and safely home. we put our decades of pet parenting and dog training experience into creating personalized accessories for dogs that are extremely durable yet classy and stylish because, well, you never know when the puparazzi will show up. only the best for your best friend! personalize your pup in three easy steps! customizing canines one order at a time at dogids, we practice made-to-order craft production so you can create personalized products for your dog with unbridled customization options. we encourage you to get creative and take advantage of the pawesome design options we offer. choose one of our most popular categories below and get started designing that perfect personalized collar, tag, leash or harness for your dog. personalize your pup! dog collars dog tags dog leashes dog harnesses e-gift certificates best-selling products quick view waterproof scrufftag collar was sale price $39.00 waterproof scrufftag personalized dog collar our waterproof scrufftag collar is an excellent option for dog parents who want their dogs to feel comfortable and know that they are safe. these collars... quantity: decrease quantity of undefined increase quantity of undefined customize quick view nylon scrufftag collar was sale price $29.00 nylon scrufftag collar - silky smooth, silent, safe and secure the nylon scrufftag collar keeps your dog known and safely home with its built in id plate. if he or she escapes out into the world,... quantity: decrease quantity of undefined increase quantity of undefined customize quick view custom embroidered nylon collar was sale price $29.00 custom embroidered nylon dog collar for dogs of all sizes your pooch can run, jump, play fetch, and lounge in a nylon dog collar from dogids. choose from 18 color choices to make your dog stand out... quantity: decrease quantity of undefined increase quantity of undefined customize quick view double sided round dog id tag was sale price $15.00 custom round name tags for dogs add a dog tag with a round, playful shape to your best friend’s collar. round metal tags offer a classic look with a little custom design flair. it never hurts to go... quantity: decrease quantity of undefined increase quantity of undefined customize quick view double sided bone dog id tag was sale price $15.00 if you are looking for fun metal tags for dogs, these dog bone name tags fit the bill. available in 2 different sizes and 4 different material types, you can get the identification you need for any... quantity: decrease quantity of undefined increase quantity of undefined customize quick view rivet-on dog collar name plate was sale price $15.00 dog collar name plate with rivets if you have an existing collar or leash that doesn't have any identification built in, these dog collar name plates are perfect. our dog collar name plates are easy... quantity: decrease quantity of undefined increase quantity of undefined customize quick view waterproof standard nameplate collar was sale price $34.00 waterproof standard collar with personalized name plate riveted on when choosing what kind of collar you want for your dog, material and construction are always among the top priorities. our... quantity: decrease quantity of undefined increase quantity of undefined customize quick view scrufftag slide-on dog collar name plate was sale price $15.00 scrufftag slide-on dog collar name plate your dog’s well-being is a top priority, and that makes having a reliable personalized dog tag an essential. the scrufftag personalized dog collar name plate... quantity: decrease quantity of undefined increase quantity of undefined customize quick view reflective waterproof scrufftag collar was sale price $39.00 reflective waterproof scrufftag personalized dog collar when safety is a priority, our reflective waterproof scrufftag collar is essential. a reflective strip embedded in the collar strap keeps your... quantity: decrease quantity of undefined increase quantity of undefined customize quick view split ring - 10 pack msrp: was sale price $5.00 - $5.25 our heavy duty split rings can be used for hanging id tags on your dog's collar ring, attaching pet tags to kennels, attaching keys to your keychain or for luggage tags... quantity: decrease quantity of undefined increase quantity of undefined customize quick view s-hook - 10 pack was sale price $5.00 s-hooks are commonly used for attaching hanging dog id tags to a dog collar's d-ring. use pliers to spread and close openings. quantity: decrease quantity of undefined increase quantity of undefined customize quick view custom embroidered nylon martingale collar was sale price $34.00 custom embroidered nylon martingale collars there is nothing better than getting home after a long day at work and throwing on your favorite pair of sweatpants. in essence, our customizable... quantity: decrease quantity of undefined increase quantity of undefined customize quick view waterproof safety nameplate collar was sale price $39.00 waterproof safety collar with personalized name plate looking for an odor proof safety collar for dogs that keeps your dog identified and safe? try one of our waterproof safety collars with a... quantity: decrease quantity of undefined increase quantity of undefined customize quick view english bridle leather dog collar with name plate was sale price $49.00 english bridle leather standard dog collar with personalized name plate the mendota leather dog collar with personalized nameplate is a rich brown leather dog collar that will make any dog look like... quantity: decrease quantity of undefined increase quantity of undefined customize quick view two piece rivets - 10 pack was sale price $5.00 need extra two-piece rivets for installing name plates on flat collars and leashes? these are the best design we've used. sold by set, set = 1 top cap and 1 rivet post available in solid brass... quantity: decrease quantity of undefined increase quantity of undefined customize quick view military style dog id tag was sale price $15.00 military dog id tag for dogs whether it's for you or your dog, you will love our military dog id tags. these military dog tags for dogs are available in gold, nickel, brass, and stainless steel... quantity: decrease quantity of undefined increase quantity of undefined customize quick view waterproof scrufftag collar with quick release buckle was sale price $34.00 waterproof scrufftag personalized dog collar with quick release buckle the quick release waterproof scrufftag collar is the lightest weight option in our scrufftag collar line, and it... quantity: decrease quantity of undefined increase quantity of undefined customize quick view embroidered maya personalized dog collar was sale price $39.00 embroidered woven maya personalized dog collars maya woven dog collars are colorful, unique, and practical. ensure that your dog is happy and safe with a personalized, vivid collar design just for... quantity: decrease quantity of undefined increase quantity of undefined customize quick view waterproof dog leash was sale price $29.00 waterproof dog leash with rubber grip texture our waterproof dog leash is an excellent all-around leash. it's tough yet soft and grippy in the hand. now every single walk can be as comfortable for... quantity: decrease quantity of undefined increase quantity of undefined customize quick view not all who wander are lost dog tags - 2 designs was sale price $15.00 not all who wander are lost dog tags is your furry friend known to wander the neighborhood? we understand how easy it is to get caught up stopping to smell the roses — that’s exactly why we made not... quantity: decrease quantity of undefined increase quantity of undefined customize view all products featured products quick view waterproof standard nameplate collar with brass hardware was sale price $34.00 personalize your pup with an odor-proof waterproof name plate collar our waterproof nameplate collars will have your pup looking his best with these earthy colors. the waterproof material will have... quantity: decrease quantity of undefined increase quantity of undefined customize quick view fusion waterproof padded nameplate collar was sale price $59.00 this fusion padded dog collar with name plate personalized checks a lot of boxes. handcrafted by our artisan partner kaydi in minnesota, it’s not only durable, with a waterproof and smell resistant... quantity: decrease quantity of undefined increase quantity of undefined customize quick view waterproof qr code scrufftag collar was sale price $39.00 waterproof qr code scrufftag collar our most popular waterproof dog collar with a qr code?! you got it! our waterproof qr code scrufftag personalized dog collar features a deeply engraved stainless... quantity: decrease quantity of undefined increase quantity of undefined customize quick view hornaday padded english bridle leather nameplate collar was sale price $119.00 your dog will feel like royalty in our artisan made hornaday padded english bridle leather nameplate collar. named for notable wildlife conservationist, william temple hornaday, this handcrafted... quantity: decrease quantity of undefined increase quantity of undefined customize quick view nylon qr code scrufftag collar was sale price $29.00 a scrufftag collar with qr code benefits our heavy duty, yet silky smooth nylon qr code scrufftag collar features an adjustable stainless steel nameplate. it includes two lines of personalized... quantity: decrease quantity of undefined increase quantity of undefined customize quick view soft designer leather personalized dog collars was sale price $49.00 custom super soft designer leather dog collars it doesn't get better than our designer leather dog collars at dogids! if you always spoil your pup with the top choice, you’ll love our super soft... quantity: decrease quantity of undefined increase quantity of undefined customize quick view embroidered maya personalized dog collar was sale price $39.00 embroidered woven maya personalized dog collars maya woven dog collars are colorful, unique, and practical. ensure that your dog is happy and safe with a personalized, vivid collar design just for... quantity: decrease quantity of undefined increase quantity of undefined customize view all products we improve the lives of dogs superior personalization lifetime guaranteed your dog is unique, and their supplies should reflect that! we include full personalization with most of our handcrafted dog accessories that we manufacture right here in the usa. we always stand behind our work with a lifetime guarantee to ensure the products we make for you will last as long as your dog needs them to, and beyond. only the best for your best friend and your satisfaction is guaranteed! make it personal thousands of five-star tail wags our loyal customers love our high-quality workmanship, the ability to personalize dog accessories to their exact specifications and our unparalleled customer service. at dogids, we’re real-life dog lovers and trainers, so we understand the passion you have for your furry friend. but don’t just take our word for it! explore 5-star reviews from thousands of our satisfied customers who trust us to craft their dogs' customized products. read customer reviews pawing it forward by personalizing pets let's make the world a better place for all of our furry friends. we’re proud to partner with nonprofit organizations that are dedicated to giving back to dog communities via various volunteer efforts. we ask that you consider making a donation to our current featured partner during checkout and dogids will match a portion of all monthly contributions! it’s a win-win for dogs and dog lovers everywhere. get involved why dogids quality our personalized collars, dog id tags and accessories are made from premium materials right here in the usa, so they last. whether your pet is adventurous or laid-back, our tags can handle daily wear and tear like no others. personalization we offer many customization options so you can create the perfect personalized collars, dog id tags and accessories for your favorite furry friend. choose from many styles, sizes, and colors to match your dog’s personality. fast shipping at dogids, we pride ourselves on fast and reliable shipping. your custom pet dog tags, personalized dog collars and accessories will arrive quickly with tracking to monitor the shipping processa all the way to your front door. our products custom dog tags check out our many custom dog tags for every pup's size, shape and attitude. from sleek and classic to bold and fun, there’s something for every fur baby out there. each tag is made to our high standards. collars our dog collars ensure your dogs look their best. choose from many designs to make a statement anywhere you go. leashes walk your dog in style with our dog leashes. classic or bold, we have a leash for every walk. harnesses our dog harnesses keep your dog safe and comfortable. designed for a snug fit and easy mobility, they give you confidence on every adventure. why ids are a necessity safety a personalized collar or dog id tag is the simplest and most effective way to make sure your pet stays known and safely home. if your dog ever gets lost, its id tag can assist the finder in quickly returning him or her home to you. peace of mind having an id tag for your dog provides reassurance. enjoy time with your pet without concerns about what might happen if they get loose. regulations in numerous regions, dog id tags are not merely a safety precaution but a legal necessity. obtain an id for your pet to adhere to local laws. check out our selection and find your pup’s perfect id tag. at dogids, we make it easy to create a custom id tag for your pet and your style. order now and protect your pet. explore popular articles dog obesity & how to manage it apr 21, 2025 as a dog owner, you want your furry friend to live a long, happy, and healthy life. however, one gro read more choosing the perfect dog harness for small and extra small dogs apr 14, 2025 lara reid did you know an ill-fitting harness can turn a fun walk into a stressful ordeal for your small dog? read more why do dogs eat grass? apr 07, 2025 lara reid dogs are fascinating creatures—loyal companions with quirks that often leave us scratching our read more read more articles frequently asked questions what should i engrave on my dog's tag? we would recommend putting the most important information to get your dog home on the tag. for some people, that might mean the dog’s name and your name. for some, that might mean an address or phone number. if your dog has special needs such as medical conditions, medications or diet restrictions, you might want to list that too. if you're unsure of what to have engraved or embroidered on your dog's tag or collar, we always recommend phone numbers...the more phone numbers the better. how does your laser engraving work? at dogids, we use fiber laser technology to personalize our tags, collars and buckles. this method provides a deep engrave that comes out as dark brown on most metals and an off-white on plastic and aluminum. it is a deep engraved mark that actually removes metal, hardens the remaining surface underneath and will not rub off over time. will the engraving rub off over time? no, it should not. we use high power lasers to engrave our tags which vaporizes and removes the metal so it is actually engraving instead of just marking or laser bonding. it’s done very deeply using a fiber laser and guaranteed to last for the life of your pet. if it doesn’t, let us know and we will happily replace it for you. how do i choose the right collar for my dog? we get this question a lot. we have a huge selection of collars and sometimes it can be daunting to decide which one is best. we decided to create a blog post that breaks it down well for dog owners, whether they are a first-time pet parent or have been caring for many pets throughout the years. you can read it here. what if i make a mistake on a personalized item when i place my order? if the order hasn’t shipped yet, contact us right away! please contact us within 12 hours of placing your order to make any changes! if it has been more than 12 hours, there may be order change fees. do you ship to canada? yes, we do ship to canada. you can learn more about shipping to canada here ok join our email list for discounts & announcements! email address subscribe footer start contact us call us: 800.720.8247 service@dogids.com 45 21st avenue east unit c west fargo nd 58078 follow us rss facebook instagram pinterest youtube navigate help center about dogids dogids "how-to" dog blog contact us shipping information paw it forward information privacy policy wholesale partnerships sitemap show more categories personalized dog collars dog id tags dog leashes dog harnesses dog collars dog supplies new products bundle & save! on sale! best sellers brands dogids mendota pet dermagic pendleton brew chewz nite ize view all accepted payments © dogids.