来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20250510124510/https://www.dogids.com/dog-supplies/
================================================================================

dog supplies: treats, lifestyle & safety products for dogs free shipping on all usa orders $49+ new arrivals best sellers on sale menu known and safely home search close search call us800.720.8247 gift certificates cart more back personalized dog collars scrufftag collars nameplate collars embroidered dog collars engraved buckle collars martingale collars waterproof dog collars leather dog collars nylon dog collars reflective dog collars puppy collars designer dog collars dog tracking collars dog training collars hunting dog collars dog collar accessories more back dog id tags themed dog tag collections dog collar name plates qr code dog tags bone dog tags colorful dog tags designer dog tags funny dog tags round dog tags unique shaped dog tags service dog tags dog tag accessories cat id tags horse nameplates and horse tags more back dog leashes personalized leashes slip leads martingale leashes specialty dog leashes waterproof dog leashes rope dog leashes leather dog leashes nylon dog leashes reflective dog leashes dog harnesses dog collars more back dog supplies more close dog health & safety dog bowls & feeding accessories dog skin care products dog treats high visibility dog products more close working dog gear hunting dog supplies service dog supplies dog apparel dog beds & accessories dog toys dog travel & outdoor gear for cats for humans holidays and special occasions paw it forward donations bundle & save! shop by brand sign in register gift certificates cart call us: 800.720.8247 home dog supplies dog supplies filter by close dog supplies dog health & safety working dog gear dog apparel dog beds & accessories dog toys dog travel & outdoor gear for cats for humans holidays and special occasions paw it forward donations refine by no filters applied price update cancel clear apply filters columns: sort by: featured items newest items best selling a to z z to a by review price: ascending price: descending per page: 8 12 16 20 40 100 filters product qty in cart quantity price subtotal quick view spotlit led clip-on dog collar light was sale price $9.00 removable led light for your dog's collar love to play in the dark with your pooch? worried about visibility on evening walks? a bright spotlit led clip-on dog collar light might be just what you need. keep your pup safe easy to clip on a... quantity: decrease quantity of undefined increase quantity of undefined customize qty in cart: 0 price: was sale price $9.00 subtotal: customize quick view pet health salmon stick treats was sale price $14.00 the pet health salmon sticks for dogs are made from real atlantic salmon. not only will your dog love them as a healthy reward or training treat, it's incredibly good for them too!  each stick is rich in omega-3 oils, which is beneficial... quantity: decrease quantity of undefined increase quantity of undefined add to cart qty in cart: 0 quantity ( in cart): decrease quantity of pet health salmon stick treats increase quantity of pet health salmon stick treats price: was sale price $14.00 subtotal: add to cart quick view organic pumpkin & carrot dog training treats was sale price $17.00 when training, dogs can go through a lot of treats. make sure you are giving them something that is good for them! these brew chewz organic pumpkin & carrot dog training treats are the perfect reward for your pup. organic and oh so good this... quantity: decrease quantity of undefined increase quantity of undefined add to cart qty in cart: 0 quantity ( in cart): decrease quantity of organic pumpkin & carrot dog training treats increase quantity of organic pumpkin & carrot dog training treats price: was sale price $17.00 subtotal: add to cart quick view dermagic organic shampoo bars was sale price $16.00 having both hands free while giving your pooch a bath is important, and with the dermagic organic shampoo bars, you’ll be able to control your dog better in the water. no more handling clumsy bottles with these shampoo bars. easily place in one... quantity: decrease quantity of undefined increase quantity of undefined customize qty in cart: 0 price: was sale price $16.00 subtotal: customize quick view all natural dog bone peanut butter treats was sale price $14.00 give your dog a yummy treat with the all natural dog bone peanut butter treats by brew chewz. these bone-shaped treats are made with all-natural and organic ingredients. the leftover grains from the fargo brewing company's initial boiling... qty in cart: 0 price: was sale price $14.00 subtotal: quick view all natural dog bone peanut butter blueberry treats was sale price $15.00 give your dog a yummy treat with the all natural dog bone peanut butter blueberry treats by brew chewz. these bone-shaped treats are made with all-natural and organic ingredients. the leftover grains from the fargo brewing company's initial... qty in cart: 0 price: was sale price $15.00 subtotal: quick view visi-vest reflective dog vest was sale price $35.00 reflective visibility vest for dogs making your dog visible is one of the most elementary yet important steps you can take to ensure he or she avoids injuries. the visi-vest reflective dog vest by mendota pet has a blaze orange color and 3m... quantity: decrease quantity of undefined increase quantity of undefined customize qty in cart: 0 price: was sale price $35.00 subtotal: customize quick view english bridle leather dog collar snap bell was sale price $24.00 the mendota english bridle leather dog collar snap bell matches all mendota style leather collars and leashes. you can snap this collar bell right onto the dee ring of any dog collar. some people call this style bell a "bear bell" since they were... quantity: decrease quantity of undefined increase quantity of undefined add to cart qty in cart: 0 quantity ( in cart): decrease quantity of english bridle leather dog collar snap bell increase quantity of english bridle leather dog collar snap bell price: was sale price $24.00 subtotal: add to cart quick view brew chewz organic peanut butter training treats was sale price $17.00 when training, dogs can go through a lot of treats. make sure you are giving them something that is good for them! these brew chewz organic peanut butter training treats are the perfect reward for your pup. organic and oh so good this 10 ounce bag of... quantity: decrease quantity of undefined increase quantity of undefined add to cart qty in cart: 0 quantity ( in cart): decrease quantity of brew chewz organic peanut butter training treats increase quantity of brew chewz organic peanut butter training treats price: was sale price $17.00 subtotal: add to cart quick view dermagic all natural conditioner bar was sale price $25.00 these dermagic all-natural conditioner bars are a great product to keep your dog’s coat healthy. in two different scents, these bars will keep your dog smelling fresh. while your dog is getting their bath, these bars are working double-time by... quantity: decrease quantity of undefined increase quantity of undefined customize qty in cart: 0 price: was sale price $25.00 subtotal: customize quick view personalized dog backpack was sale price $47.00 this embroidered pack for dogs is constructed of heavy-duty, lightweight, water-resistant 400 denier nylon material. it will work as hard as your dog! features include 2" nylon webbing straps, our exclusive breathable mesh top to prevent... quantity: decrease quantity of undefined increase quantity of undefined customize qty in cart: 0 price: was sale price $47.00 subtotal: customize quick view spotlit rechargeable led clip-on dog collar light was sale price $19.00 clip-on led dog collar light love those early morning and evening walks with your pup but need more visibility? a bright rechargeable spotlit led clip-on dog collar light might be just what you need. featuring a disc-o tech led module, you can... quantity: decrease quantity of undefined increase quantity of undefined customize qty in cart: 0 price: was sale price $19.00 subtotal: customize total: items / add all to cart adding your products to cart view cart continue shopping items 1 to 12 of 20 total 1 2 next view more pet supplies for dogs and pet parents at dogids, we strive to improve the lives of dogs and the dog-human relationship by manufacturing top quality, practical products that make life safer and easier. we have a wide selection of pet supplies to help your dog have a happier and healthier time joining you on all of life's adventures, as well as products for humans living the dog lover lifestyle. we'll help you check off boxes on your dog essentials list before you go on that next excursion with your furry friend. for the canine food connoisseur if your dog's favorite times of the day are meal times, we've got some great  dog bowls and feeding accessories  for your chowhound...at home or when traveling for that matter. we also have a great variety of pet treats that you can use for training your dog or just showing them how much you love them. all of our dog treats have quality healthy ingredients and unique flavor combinations. check out our collection of treats while going through your pet supplies list. for your dog's health and safety we offer a broad dog supplies list to help your active dog stay healthy and living their healthiest howling life. let's face it, dogs love living their lives to the fullest and constantly remind us to be the best versions of ourselves too. does your dog like playing hard, getting as muddy as possible, rolling in the stinkiest things they can find and plunging into nature like dogs are supposed to? our health and safety dog supplies will help you keep them safe, healthy and looking great no matter how they roll. for the traveling dog looking for last minute dog supplies online before a trip with your pooch? if you love taking your dog with you on all of your travels, check out our dog travel accessories. we've got the dog essentials you'll need to keep your dog safe and well equipped for traveling and the great outdoors. for the dogs with jobs some dogs dedicate their lives to serving others and need special working dog gear appropriate for the very important jobs they do. we have many unique pet supplies focused on the working dog's lifestyle including service dog collars, specialty leashes, awareness harnesses and apparel for the unique situations these dogs work in and more. for pet parents and dog lovers since we're also "crazy dog people" here at dogids, we definitely can't ignore the other dog lovers out there. we love making custom personalized products for people who want to show their love for dogs including dog memorials, jewelry, and other handy dog parent products. for holidays and special events we make many dog and human products that are just for those special dates and events like holidays and weddings. these are special times and deserve special dog products for special occasions. dog supplies frequently asked questions are your dog treats actually healthy for my dog? yes. we are extremely picky when it comes to dog treats. we're aware of how mass produced, overly baked dog food and treats can be unhealthy for dogs. we only offer dog treats with healthy whole ingredients and are not overly baked. do you offer training accessories with special functions in your store? yes. we handcraft many dog accessories made for special applications. our team's combined dog training experience definitely shines when it comes to specialty accessories, and most we handcraft in our shop were created to fill needs our personal dogs were in need of. check out our service dog accessories! are your pet skin care products healthy for my dog? all of our dermagic products are holistically formulated with proven natural ingredients. no harsh chemicals to worry about! the ingredients are listed on each dermagic product page to help you research what is best for your pet. what kind of special occasions do you make dog products for? well, this changes as customer demands change. but we try to stay focused on the most popular events our customers are looking to include their dog in. hence, christmas, weddings, end of life and other holidays seem to be the most popular special occasion products we stay focused on. however, if you have a special event that you'd like us to customize just for you, don't hesitate to contact us at service@dogids.com and we'll do the best we can to help you make that special occasion memorable. what types of safety apparel for working dogs do you have in your store? we offer custom dog products in our store that provide high visibility and protection while dogs are in the field. we also have specialty products like backpacks for dogs to store critical items while out on your adventures in nature with your dog. safety first and only high quality will do when considering these types of products. we've got you and your dog covered! ok join our email list for discounts & announcements! email address subscribe footer start contact us call us: 800.720.8247 service@dogids.com 45 21st avenue east unit c west fargo nd 58078 follow us rss facebook instagram pinterest youtube navigate help center about dogids dogids "how-to" dog blog contact us shipping information paw it forward information privacy policy wholesale partnerships sitemap show more categories personalized dog collars dog id tags dog leashes dog harnesses dog collars dog supplies new products bundle & save! on sale! best sellers brands dogids mendota pet dermagic brew chewz nite ize view all accepted payments © dogids.