来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20121223010605/http://www.orientaltrading.com/h3-news.fltr
================================================================================

oriental trading company news / press releases - orientaltrading.com skip to navigation skip to content skip to contact information go catalog quick order sign up for email savings! new guest? log in help track orders live chat call me 1-800-875-8480 shopping cart (0) shopping cart (0) party themes and events shop by category party supplies & favors bags, wallets & totes balloons & streamers candy costumes costume accessories gift bags, wrap & ribbon hats, caps & bandannas invitations & stationery novelty jewelry party decorations party favor & goody bags party favors party tableware party theme packs personalized products solid color party supplies see more party supplies & favors indoor & outdoor home decor shop by occasion special occasions & events anniversary party baby shower supplies birthday party supplies carnival games & supplies graduation party prom and homecoming wedding supplies see more special occasions & events shop by theme party themes animal fiesta luau pirate princess sports western see more party themes craft and hobby supplies shop craft & hobby supplies crafts for kids color your own decoration crafts jewelry crafts novelty crafts sand art see more crafts for kids art & craft supplies craft embellishments foam shapes glue, tape & adhesives markers paints see more art & craft supplies stickers & labels novelty stickers sticker scenes teacher stickers see more stickers & labels adult crafts decoration crafts diy accessories floral supplies jewelry crafts soap & candle making see more adult crafts scrapbooking albums brads & eyelets embellishments scrapbook paper stickers & rub-ons see more scrapbooking beading bead kits beads chains & stringing materials charms findings see more beading shop faith & inspiration sunday school & vbs bible studies religious party supplies religious toys sunday school crafts see more sunday school & vbs fun & faith novelty jewelry religious crafts religious party themes religious toys see more fun & faith teaching supplies teacher resources birthday supplies bulletin board supplies classroom crafts classroom decorations flip & pocket charts goal charts journals learning aids name tags & nameplates posters storage teacher supplies see more teacher resources curriculum projects & activities active play animal kingdom blocks & manipulatives dramatic play geography language arts math music reading fundamentals science social studies see more curriculum projects & activities basic school supplies backpacks, bags & totes bookmarks crayola® crayons erasers & pencil toppers glue, tape & scissors markers pencils pens see more basic school supplies awards & incentives assortments certificates medals novelty ribbons stickers trophies see more awards & incentives toys and novelties games & activities balls bean bag & ring toss building blocks flying toys & gliders games inflates outdoor toys paddleball games parachutes, tents & tunnels playing cards puzzles water toys yo-yos see more games & activities novelty toys assortments bendables bubbles character toys finger puppets kaleidoscopes & magnifiers magic & gags magic springs noisemakers novelty jewelry pinwheels play sets plush toys pom-poms poppers & pop-ups putty & squishy toys rubber duckies spin tops & wind-ups stress toys vehicles see more novelty toys glow products glow jewelry glow sticks glow-in-the-dark light up & flashing toys see all glow products kids’ stationery activity books bookmarks crayons notepads pencil accessories pencils pens stamps stationery assortments stickers see more kids’ stationery holidays chinese new year – feb. 10 mardi gras – feb. 12 valentine’s day – feb. 14 st. patrick's day – march 17 easter – march 31 earth day – april 22 cinco de mayo – may 5 mother’s day – may 12 memorial day – may 27 father’s day – june 16 fourth of july – july 4 halloween – oct. 31 hanukkah – nov. 27 thanksgiving – nov. 28 christmas – dec. 25 new year’s eve – dec. 31 sale shop everyday sale party supplies sale balloons & streamers candy costume accessories halloween costumes novelty jewelry party decorations tableware see more party supplies sale craft supplies sale art & craft supplies crafts for kids scrapbooking beading stickers & labels see more craft supplies sale teaching supplies sale awards & incentives basic school supplies curriculum projects & activities teacher resources see all teaching supplies sale toys & novelties sale games & activities glow products kids' stationery novelty toys see all toys & novelties sale shop holidays & events holiday sale christmas easter fourth of july halloween thanksgiving valentine's day see more holiday sale events sale baby shower birthday graduation school event sunday school & vbs wedding see all events sale shop special buys going fast birthday christmas easter graduation halloween sunday school & vbs valentine's day see all going fast less than perfect company news berkshire hathaway to acquire oriental trading company omaha, neb. – november 2, 2012 – berkshire hathaway inc. chairman and ceo warren buffett and oriental trading company president and ceo sam taylor today announced that berkshire hathaway will acquire omaha-based oriental trading company. the company is the nation’s largest direct retailer of value-priced party supplies, arts and crafts, school supplies, toys and novelties. the transaction is expected to close by the end of november and is subject to the termination of the applicable waiting period under the hart-scott-rodino antitrust improvements act and other customary closing conditions. “oriental trading is a leader in its industry, has a strong management team and delivers exceptional customer value and service,” said warren buffet. “by increasing revenue, profits and the customer base over the last few years, sam taylor and the entire oriental trading team have successfully improved the business and positioned it for long-term growth. we are delighted to have them join the berkshire hathaway family and continue their quest to make the world more fun. they have had several changes to ownership in the past, but otc has a permanent home with berkshire hathaway.” “we are excited to have one of the nation’s most respected businesses take ownership of our company,” said taylor. “over the years oriental trading company has grown from a small family business to a leader in online retail. berkshire hathaway recognizes the growth potential of our business and provides a permanent foundation for our long-term strategic initiatives to expand our product lines and leverage our world-class technology and operations platform.” for over 80 years oriental trading company has made it easy and affordable for everyone to celebrate, have fun, and express creativity throughout their lifetime. the company offers over 40,000 products—more than half of which are exclusive—at guaranteed lowest prices through its website and catalogs. oriental trading was featured on this year’s emmy-winning cbs reality television series undercover boss and is one of the top 10 online retailers based on customer satisfaction. “every day our dedicated oriental trading company employees fill the orders of thousands of customers who depend on us to bring value, convenience and fun to their celebrations,” said taylor. “whether it is for an individual, school, church, business or not-for-profit organization, our commitment is to deliver products that meet and exceed the expectations of our customers. being part of berkshire hathaway, one of america’s most respected names, will serve as an additional reminder for us to continually focus on our customers.” lazard middle market acted as financial advisors to oriental trading company. about berkshire hathaway berkshire hathaway and its subsidiaries engage in diverse business activities including property and casualty insurance and reinsurance, utilities and energy, freight rail transportation, finance, manufacturing, retailing and services. common stock of the company is listed on the new york stock exchange, trading symbols brk.a and brk.b. about oriental trading company oriental trading company is the nation’s largest direct retailer of value-priced party supplies, arts and crafts, toys and novelties, and a leading provider of school supplies and affordable home décor and giftware. recognized as one of the top 50 catalog companies and one of the top 10 online retailers for customer satisfaction, oriental trading company employs approximately 2,000 employees and offers more than 40,000 products to individuals, teachers, schools, churches, businesses and not-for-profit organizations. from pink flamingos, party supplies and wedding favors to holiday decorations, beading supplies and crafts, oriental trading company makes the world more fun. cautionary statement certain statements contained in this press release are “forward looking” statements within the meaning of the private securities litigation reform act of 1995. these statements are not guaranties of future performance and actual results may differ materially from those forecasted. contacts: berkshire hathaway marc d. hamburg 402-346-1400 oriental trading company angela d. drew 402-596-2647 oriental trading company announces enhanced ipad app for christmas making a list and checking it twice" means merriment for mobile consumers this holiday omaha, neb.– november 15, 2012 – earlier this year oriental trading company introduced its revolutionary ipad app offering a dynamic, unique shopping experience to assist consumers with their halloween party planning. today, oriental trading announces a new, enhanced version of the free app, available on itunes, for the upcoming christmas season. once again, shoppers everywhere can conveniently use their ipad tablets to purchase christmas party supplies, order gifts, stuff stockings, and have fun with over 40,000 products from the companyʼs vast assortment. the streamlined usability and convenience of mobile shopping continues to resonate with consumers. oriental trading company recognizes this revolutionary digital shift and is continually working to provide customers with innovative tools to make their shopping experience easy and fun. since its initial launch in september, the oriental trading app has proven to be popular with consumers, consistently ranking among the most downloaded free catalog apps in the itunes app store. "customer satisfaction remains our top priority," said sam taylor, ceo of oriental trading company. "we listen to our customers and respond with complete solutions that meet their needs and provide value to their daily lives. the ipadʼs portability is a proven time-saver for our busy customers who are planning parties and events during the holiday season for their families, school classrooms, businesses, and churches." interactive enhancements to this newest version of the oriental trading ipad app include a trim the tree feature, holiday costume runway, enhanced zoom capability, increased social networking functionality, favorites lists, fun activities for families, plus many others. trim the tree allows shoppers to select ornaments (to scale) with a swipe of the finger and position them on a beautiful christmas tree in a home setting to create the perfect look. a clever in-app light switch can be flipped on to set the holiday mood once the tree is trimmed. the swipable, interactive runway of christmas costumes for kids and adults provides quick viewing of hundreds of dress-up options. enhanced zoom functionality breaks away from a visual bounding box, expanding the image across the entire ipad screen for greater viewing detail. decorate your own functionality provides endless entertainment for kids as they dress penguins, design sugary sweet gingerbread houses, and create their own sticker scenes. stop action video feature is reminiscent of traditional christmas movies. favorites and social networking features allow customers to create lists of favorites products, drag and drop their favorites into the shopping cart, and share their favorites with friends and family through facebook, twitter, pinterest and email. the companyʼs www.orientaltrading.com website offers guaranteed lowest prices on over 40,000 products, half of which are exclusive and cannot be found in stores. to provide additional savings for mobile shoppers, oriental trading has included a free shipping offer within the app. "we are driven by our mission to make it easy and affordable for everyone to celebrate, have fun, and express creativity throughout their lifetime," taylor stated. "offering the new ipad app to our customers is one more way to help them save time and money this holiday season." oriental trading company is ranked #7 among the top 100 online retailers for customer satisfaction, is one of the top 50 catalog companies, and by the end of the month will become a berkshire hathaway company. oriental trading company to be featured on cbs's "undercover boss," friday, march 9 ceo sam taylor goes undercover on the hit reality series omaha, neb. - tuesday, february 7, 2012 - hidden behind a disguise so effective he was unrecognizable by even close colleagues, oriental trading company ceo sam taylor recently went undercover to learn more about his company. the results of this first-ever, behind-the-scenes look inside the nation's largest direct retailer of party supplies, arts and crafts, toys and novelties will air friday, march 9 (8:00-9:00 pm, et/pt) on cbs's hit series undercover boss. the upcoming episode marks a number of "firsts" for the hit cbs reality series. oriental trading is the first e-commerce/catalog retailer to be featured on the program, as well as the first company from nebraska. this is also the first time all of the front-line jobs highlighted in the show occur within the same facility. taylor worked alongside veteran employees within oriental trading company's 750,000 square foot, state-of-the-art fulfillment center, receiving a firsthand look at what it takes to process thousands of orders each day. "we stock millions of items and fulfill millions of customer orders each year, so it is no small task to pick, pack, and ship our customers' orders accurately, efficiently and on time," taylor said. "i learned a lot and gained new respect for the hard work our employees put forth every day. due to their efforts and productivity improvements, oriental trading is able to offer an outstanding customer experience, as well as guaranteed lowest prices on all our products." situated on a 120 acre parcel, the company's world-class fulfillment center boasts the capacity to house over 100 million items, contains over four miles of conveyors, and utilizes a specialized tilt tray sorter which travels at a speed of 415 feet per minute and processes over 40,000 units per hour. the sorter is the fastest of its kind in north america, and the fulfillment center ranks among the top five in the u.s. for unit volume shipped out of a single facility. driven by technology investments and talented employees, oriental trading maintains a 99.8% on-time delivery rate and 99.9% unit accuracy. "we know that our highly engaged employees are generating industry-leading customer loyalty," taylor said. "i am grateful for this once-in-a-lifetime opportunity to go undercover and work with our employees to identify ways we can make their jobs easier and transform oriental trading into an even better place to work." each week, the two-time emmy award nominated undercover boss follows a different executive as they leave the comfort of their corner office for an undercover mission to examine the inner workings of their companies. while working alongside their employees, they see the effects their decisions have on others, where the problems lie within their organizations and get an up-close look at both the good and the bad while discovering and rewarding the unsung heroes who make their companies run. press contact: angela drew adrew@oriental.com burgers aren't the only thing flipping when the boss of the fast food chain checkers & rally's is forced to make a drastic decision, on "undercover boss," on a new night, friday, feb. 17 at 8:00 pm additional companies going undercover this season include american seafoods, popeyes louisiana kitchen and oriental trading company cheat tweet: the boss of checkers & rally's has a beef with 1 of his restaurants on #undercoverboss, new night fri, 2/17 @ 8pm,et/pt http://bit.ly/zwbrht "checkers & rally's" - rick silva, president and ceo of checkers & rally's, one of the nation's largest fast food chains, serving more than two million hamburgers a week, travels to the front lines of his industry, where he's forced to make a drastic decision regarding one of his restaurants, on undercover boss, which moves to its new night, beginning friday, feb. 17 (8:00-9:00 pm, et/pt) on the cbs television network. among the additional companies whose bosses will go undercover this season are: friday, feb. 24 (8:00-9:00 pm, et/pt): american seafoods (bernt bodal, chairman and ceo) friday, march 2 (8:00-9:00 pm, et/pt): popeyes louisiana kitchen (lynne zappone, chief talent officer) friday, march 9 (8:00-9:00 pm, et/pt): oriental trading company (sam taylor, ceo) the most recent original episode of undercover boss, which featured kendall-jackson wine estates (jan. 29), was first in viewers (13.06m), tied for second in adults 25-54 (4.2/09) and averaged 3.0/07 in adults 18-49. this was the series' best viewer performance since jan. 16, 2011, best adults 25-54 delivery since march 27, 2011 and matched the season premiere's adults 18-49 ratings. each week, the two-time emmy award-nominated undercover boss follows a different executive as they leave the comfort of their corner office for an undercover mission to examine the inner workings of their companies. while working alongside their employees, they see the effects their decisions have on others, where the problems lie within their organizations and get an up-close look at both the good and the bad while discovering and rewarding the unsung heroes who make their companies run. undercover boss is produced by studio lambert. stephen lambert, eli holzman and chris carlson are executive producers. oriental trading company introduces digital catalogs on ipad digital offering puts efficient and convenient shopping at busy consumers' fingertips omaha, neb. - december 9, 2011 - oriental trading company, inc., the nation's largest direct retailer of value-priced party supplies, arts and crafts, toys and novelties, and a leading provider of school supplies and affordable home décor and giftware, has introduced new digital catalogs that busy consumers may access via their ipads. three different digital holiday catalogs are currently available, both for consumers and for businesses. the company plans to launch digital versions of party, crafts, school supplies, and wedding catalogs over the next several weeks. available through a partnership with catalog spree, oriental trading customers may flip through the digital catalogs page by page on their ipads, just as if they were paging through the print versions. users can browse thousands of items at unbeatable prices, zoom in on products, obtain detailed product information, and then purchase the items safely and securely on the orientaltrading.com website. the digital catalogs have search functionality to assist customers in quickly finding products they are looking for. customers may also mark their favorite items, place digital bookmarks, and easily share catalogs and products with their friends on facebook or via email. "our customers are technically savvy and have grown to expect convenience and value. making our catalogs available in a portable digital format offers them the flexibility to manage their holiday event planning and gift giving more efficiently and cost effectively than ever before," said sam taylor, ceo of oriental trading company. "our customers prefer tablets to smart phones for shopping, and as more consumers incorporate the ipad into their daily lives, we want to give them easy shopping options via this important mobile platform." catalog spree is a "discovery" platform for shoppers, providing a free app that customers may use to access oriental trading company digital catalogs. in addition to being easy and fun to use, this digital offering provides consumers with an eco-friendly way to shop. "our focus on the user experience continues to drive more consumers and more content to our offerings, and has made us the most popular and highest-rated catalog shopping app on the ipad," said joaquin ruiz, chief executive officer and co-founder of padopolis, creators of catalog spree. "we are pleased to partner with oriental trading company to make their catalog experience available on the ipad." to download the free catalog spree app and view the oriental trading company catalogs, please visit http://catalogspree.com oriental trading company introduces mobile site efficient and convenient shopping at the fingertips of consumers on the go omaha, neb. - november 23, 2011 - oriental trading company, inc., the nation's largest direct merchant of value-priced party supplies, arts and crafts, toys and novelties, and a leading provider of school supplies and affordable home décor and giftware, today announced the launch of its mobile commerce site. designed in partnership with mobile platform company usablenet, the new mobile site is designed to enhance the mobile shopping experience for busy consumers who choose to purchase through their smart phones and mobile devices. "consumers are technically savvy and have grown to expect retailers to deliver convenience and value directly to their mobile platforms. oriental trading's enhanced mobile commerce site gives them the ability to manage their holiday event planning and gift giving more efficiently than ever before from their iphone®, android® blackberry®, and other mobile devices with internet browsers," said sam taylor, ceo of oriental trading company. "just in time for this busy holiday season, we are pleased to offer consumers on-the-go a way to conveniently take advantage of oriental trading's guaranteed lowest prices on holiday party supplies, crafts, toys and novelties." "with smartphone adoption in the u.s. surging toward 50% and more shoppers turning to their mobile devices to research products and make purchases, it's essential for retailers to offer their customers a seamless way to shop on-the-go," said nick taylor, ceo of usablenet. "the new optimized mobile site from oriental trading provides customers an efficient and engaging mobile shopping experience anytime, anywhere." press contact: angela drew adrew@oriental.com oriental trading company donates $100,000 to red cross for local flood relief red cross and oriental trading company recognize flood relief efforts omaha, neb. - thursday, sept. 8, 2011 - this morning oriental trading company presented the american red cross with a $100,000 donation to support ongoing local flood relief efforts. they also came together to thank local schools and churches who hosted red cross shelters this summer due to missouri river flooding. oriental trading company presented representatives from the nebraska and sw iowa schools and churches with a special assortment of school spirit and sunday school supplies as a thank you. "oriental trading company is demonstrating compassionate care through this generous act and we are so very grateful," said tina labellarte, ceo of the nebraska/sw iowa region of the american red cross. "even though the flood waters are receding, the need for assistance continues," said sam taylor, ceo of oriental trading company. "we want to join the red cross in thanking the many people who have stepped up to help out during the summer, and we urge others to accept the call and provide whatever help you can as our friends and neighbors continue to put their lives back together after this summer's flooding." press contact: angela drew adrew@oriental.com more ways to shop catalog quick order request free catalog shop e-catalogs gift cards email a friend view mobile site tools & services online party invitations free online ecards free reminder service engagement announcements 2013 calendar community trading ideas find us on facebook follow oriental trading on pinterest follow us on twitter watch us on youtube join us on google+ customer service contact us help & faq order tracking shipping information shopping cart international orders about us company information employment affiliate program 110% lowest price guarantee oriental trading rewards™ company news safe & secure shopping security/privacy your california privacy rights site map recall news safety news © 2013 otc direct, inc. all rights reserved. ssl