来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20201231162309/https://www.orientaltrading.com/h3-news.fltr
================================================================================

welcome to oriental trading skip header & navigation all content on this site is available, via phone, monday to friday from 6:00 am to 10:00 pm cst or saturday and sunday from 7:00 am to 10:00 pm cst at 800-875-8480. . if you experience any accessibility issues, please contact us. oriental trading mindware fun365 cart search catalog quick order 110% lowest price guarantee 100% happiness guarantee 1-800-875-8480 live chat help party supplies holidays & events toys & games crafts teaching supplies wedding religious items valentine's day sale company news the birthday party project announces expansion to omaha with help from oriental trading company omaha, ne - september 11, 2018 - the birthday party project (tbpp), a nonprofit that works with local agencies to host birthday parties for underprivileged children in the community, has launched in omaha, nebraska as part of their continued efforts to spread joy to children across the country. the birthday party project's growth to the omaha market is made possible through the support and partnership from oriental trading company, the nation's largest direct retailer of value-priced party supplies, arts and crafts, toys and novelties. the dallas-based nonprofit spreads joy to homeless children through the magic of birthdays, and omaha is the latest city to join the celebration. parties will be held each month at open door mission, which was founded in omaha in 1954 with a commitment to breaking the cycle of homelessness and poverty. oriental trading company will support tbpp's efforts by donating party supplies for each special celebration. each party will celebrate all children living in the shelter with birthdays that month, and every child and adult at the shelter is invited to attend. each day, open door mission's campus provides support to nearly 900 homeless men, women, and children in the omaha community, meaning there will be no shortage of birthdays for tbpp to celebrate. "oriental trading company is such an incredible partner to us, and they have truly wrapped their arms around our mission," said paige chenault, founder of the birthday party project. "the omaha expansion would not have been possible without their continued support. not only do they supply and fill our birthday boxes, but we will also use their employees as birthday enthusiasts during our parties." oriental trading company has generously assisted tbpp's expansion to its hometown of omaha, donating toys, games, and supplies for all tbpp events hosted there, as well as to all other cities tbpp serves. oriental trading company works with the non-profit to incorporate festive party themes. young birthday revelers are treated monthly to themed celebrations, such as outer space, sports, and superheroes to name a few. "our vision at oriental trading company is to make the world more fun, and by partnering with the birthday party project, we're able to spread that vision even further," said steve mendlik, president & ceo at oriental trading company. "our national partnership has been so gratifying, and we are thrilled to bring the party to our hometown. we hope we can provide even more joy to the children and families at open door mission." open door mission has also enthusiastically welcomed tbpp to omaha. with their help, along with oriental trading company, tbpp is now operating in 14 cities across the country. to date, tbpp has celebrated 6,000 birthdays with 40,000 kids in attendance, and these numbers will continue to grow with the addition of omaha. for more information about the birthday party project, please visit www.thebirthdaypartyproject.org. about the birthday party project: the birthday party project brings joy to homeless children through the magic of birthdays. with the support of birthday enthusiasts, aka volunteers, the non-profit organization partners with homeless shelters to throw monthly birthday parties for children. founder and ceo, paige chenault founded the birthday party project in 2012 with the hope of celebrating all homeless children living in shelters and transitional living facilities. since its inception, the birthday party project has celebrated over 6,000 birthdays with over 40,000 children in attendance. the birthday party project receives monetary donations, party supplies and engages the community through a program called "share your birthday." all donations go directly to throwing, hosting and executing the birthday parties. for more information, visit www.thebirthdaypartyproject.org. about oriental trading company (a berkshire hathaway company): oriental trading company is the nation's largest direct retailer of value-priced party supplies, arts and crafts, toys and novelties, and a leading provider of teaching supplies and affordable home décor and giftware. recognized as one of the top 100 online retailers, oriental trading company employs approximately 1,700 employees and offers more than 40,000 products to individuals, teachers, schools, churches, businesses and nonprofits. from pink flamingos and grass skirts to holiday decorations and craft supplies, oriental trading company makes the world more fun! orientaltrading.com. oriental trading company mourns the passing of president, ceo sam taylor december 29, 2017 - with a deep sadness, we announce that sam taylor, president and chief executive officer of oriental trading, passed away after a courageous battle with cancer. the entire oriental trading family is mourning the tremendous loss of a friend, mentor and leader. sam was so completely woven into the threads of the company culture that his passing leaves an aching grief. on behalf of the entire company, we extend our most heartfelt condolences and sympathy to sam's family. sam will be remembered for his contagious smile and laugh, and his profound love for his employees and the company. we will continue to honor his memory each day by mirroring his abundantly positive spirit, and his legacy of making the world more fun. oriental trading company launches one-of-a-kind site filled with share-worthy craft & party ideas omaha, ne - december 6, 2017 - oriental trading company, the nation's largest direct retailer of value-priced party supplies, arts and crafts, teaching supplies and toys and novelties, has launched fun365, http://www.fun365.com, a new website filled with on-trend diy projects, party planning ideas, recipes and activities where visitors can easily browse and get inspired, then buy everything they need with the click of a button. inspiration-meets-shopping! similar to popular project-sharing platforms like pinterest, fun365 organizes thousands of diy creative projects across categories such as holiday, home décor, party, wedding and education. each project is developed exclusively for fun365 and given a skill level and estimated completion time to ensure the right fit for the customer. unlike other diy sites, each project is accompanied by a digital shopping list that allows visitors to easily purchase everything for the project in one easy step, eliminating the need to shop across multiple sites and stores. "fun365 is for anyone looking for easy inspiration to add more fun into everyday life," said brian moen, chief marketing and merchandising officer at oriental trading company. "from party ideas and recipes to diy crafts for adults and kids, our talented team of influencers provide the inspiration, and we give you the tools and supplies to make it a reality. our unique experience was designed to help our customers save time and money by providing inspirational content in one easy-to-shop place." projects on fun365 are curated by an exclusive team of more than 60 contributors and bloggers known as the fun squad. fun squad influencers have creative backgrounds in food and drink, weddings, party planning, crafts and classroom activities, and include such well-known names as kara's party ideas, the crafting chicks and apples and abcs. new party planning, classroom and diy wedding projects are added daily according to season and occasion so guests can browse new, trending ideas for additional inspiration. to browse thousands of the latest diy projects and activities, including the fan-favorite poke-a-tree game that recently went viral, visit fun365.com. about fun365: fun365 is a whole new way to celebrate, create, entertain and educate. as an inspiration-meets-shopping destination, they feature thousands of ideas, each with a supply list that can be added to a shopping cart in one easy step. as if that wasn't exciting enough, they've also partnered with a team of talented contributors (the fun squad) to bring customers step-by-step instructions and photos. see it, shop it, make it. it really is that easy with fun365. for more information, call 877-513-0383 or go to fun365.com. all donations go directly to throwing, hosting and executing the birthday parties. the birthday party project receives monetary donations, party supplies and engages the community through a program called "share your birthday." the birthday party project announces partnership with oriental trading company party supplier signs on to spread joy and magic dallas - september 26, 2017 - the birthday party project (tbpp) has announced a nationwide partnership with oriental trading company, the nation's largest direct retailer of value-priced party supplies, arts and crafts, school supplies, toys and novelties. through the partnership, oriental trading company will provide all party supplies for the monthly birthday parties hosted by the birthday party project in homeless shelters across the country, starting in september. the company will donate decorations, toys, games and supplies for all events in the 12 cities where tbpp celebrates including atlanta, chicago, washington d.c., detroit, houston, kansas city, los angeles, minneapolis, new york city, dallas, fort worth and san francisco. oriental trading company will work with the non-profit to incorporate festive party themes. young birthday revelers will be treated to themed celebrations – such as winter wonderland, sports and super heroes, to name a few. "it's a dream come true to partner with oriental trading company. we feel this is the perfect partnership for our mission," says founder of tbpp paige chenault. "oriental trading company offers the best accessories/supplies for our themed parties-from monster masks to cowboy hats-they have everything to make a child feel special and celebrated on their birthday! this partnership will allow us to throw magical parties like never before-and to host more of them around the country!" in addition, oriental trading company will feature the tbpp in their birthday catalogue that is distributed. employees will also be able to join in the fun by filling gift bags for future tbpp parties. "our vision is to make the world more fun, so we're excited to partner with the birthday party project," said steve mendlik, acting ceo of oriental trading company. "we believe every child deserves to celebrate their birthday, no matter what their situation. with this partnership, we hope to bring smiles to the faces of thousands of children across the country." for further information on this partnership or the birthday party project, please contact natalie fort at droese public relations or visit www.thebirthdaypartyproject.org. about the birthday party project: the birthday party project brings joy to homeless children through the magic of birthdays. with the support of birthday enthusiasts, aka volunteers, the non-profit organization partners with homeless shelters to throw monthly birthday parties for children. founder and ceo, paige chenault founded the birthday party project in 2012 with the hope of celebrating all homeless children living in shelters and transitional living facilities. since it's inception, the birthday party project has celebrated over 4,500 birthdays with over 30,000 children in attendance. all donations go directly to throwing, hosting and executing the birthday parties. the birthday party project receives monetary donations, party supplies and engages the community through a program called "share your birthday." the clock is ticking for seasonal job openings heading into the holiday hiring season, wowt stopped by to find out why oriental trading company is a great place to work. according to gallup, we are in the top 20% for employee engagement. when your job is to make the world more fun - having fun at work is important. oriental trading ceo talks about becoming a berkshire company sam taylor, ceo of oriental trading company, was featured on cnbc during the 2016 berkshire hathaway shareholders meeting. hear him talk about what it's like to be a berkshire hathaway company and what's in store for online retail this year. watch: oriental trading ceo talks about becoming a berkshire company cyber monday retailers see high volume of shipping requests as part of a story on cyber monday, oriental trading ceo, sam taylor, talked about what customers look for when they shop online. during the busiest time of the year, many otc volunteers from the corporate offices help out in the call center and fulfillment center. watch: cyber monday retailers see high volume of shipping requests oriental trading helps little boy's mission to help people smile after seeing a news story, employees at oriental trading put together boxes full of toys for jaden hayes, a 6-year-old who lost of his parents. following their mission to 'make the world more fun', otc hopes their toys will help jaden make other people smile. watch: oriental trading helps little boy's mission to help people smile peanuts party supplies arrive just in time for holiday celebrations oriental trading launches new items featuring charlie brown and friends omaha, ne - september 8, 2015 - new seasonal products featuring charlie brown and the peanuts characters are now available from oriental trading company, inc., the nation's largest direct retailer of value-priced party supplies, arts and crafts, toys, novelties, and school supplies. peanuts lovers will be able to create their very own great pumpkin halloween celebration with this exclusive line of fun party supplies, crafts, stationery and toys. the new products, featuring snoopy, charlie brown, lucy, linus and all their friends, also make it easy and affordable to host a peanuts thanksgiving gathering in your home. "the peanuts gang has always been popular, especially around the holidays when many families enjoy peanuts' halloween, thanksgiving and christmas programs," said sam taylor, ceo of oriental trading company. "now a whole new generation is discovering their fun and humor with the upcoming release of 'the peanuts movie.' it's a great time for us to be able to add these classic characters to our unbeatable product assortment." the exclusive line is made possible by a licensing agreement between peanuts worldwide and oriental trading company. the iconic peanuts brand was created by artist charles schulz more than 60 years ago. about peanuts worldwide the peanuts characters and related intellectual property are owned by peanuts worldwide llc, a joint venture owned 80% by iconix brand group, inc. and 20% by members of the charles m. schulz family. oriental trading company launches new awareness catalog and product line product line supports and enhances cause fundraising and awareness events omaha, ne - april 10, 2014 - oriental trading company, inc., the nation's largest direct retailer of value-priced party supplies, arts and crafts, toys, novelties, and school supplies, recently launched a new catalog and product line called hope. the newly expanded assortment includes nearly 1,500 giveaway, fundraising, and event supplies in 14 awareness ribbon colors to help consumers and organizations support and raise awareness for the causes closest to them. "our new catalog, hope, stands for honor, overcome, participate, and empower – all of which embody the strength of those passionately supporting causes," said sam taylor, ceo of oriental trading company. "at oriental trading we work hard to make the world a better place to live, work, and play. with our national and community partners, we support programs that improve the lives of children, youth, and families, with an emphasis on education, youth organizations, and programs that advance healthcare and human services. we wanted to bring that same level of passion to our customers and help to make their fundraising and awareness efforts successful, and at the same time easy, affordable, and fun." "whether you're supporting autism awareness through puzzle ribbons, child abuse prevention through blue pinwheels, promoting anti-bullying campaigns in your school, or showing support through specific ribbon colors like red ribbons for heart disease or purple ribbons to honor cancer survivors, oriental trading's new line has everything you need. from fun giveaways to race gear for color, mud, or glow runs, and from event supplies to apparel and accessories, orientaltrading.com has exclusively-designed awareness products not found anywhere else. all products are always backed by a 100% satisfaction guarantee and the company's 110% lowest price guarantee. "one of my favorite elements of this new product launch is the inclusion of personal stories from our employees and community organizations featured throughout our catalogs and website. the fight against these debilitating diseases and societal ills touches us all, and there's so much passion in their stories, their challenges, and their triumphs," said taylor. oriental trading company to acquire smilemakers acquisition expands oriental trading's markets and product offering omaha, ne – february 21, 2014 – oriental trading company, inc., the nation's largest direct retailer of value-priced party supplies, arts and crafts, toys, novelties, and school supplies, today announced an agreement to acquire smilemakers, a direct retailer of patient giveaways and practice promotions developed for the dental and healthcare markets, as well as classroom incentives and aids to the education market. smilemakers is a wholly-owned subsidiary of staples, inc. and is based in spartanburg, south carolina. oriental trading is a berkshire hathaway company with headquarters in omaha, nebraska. "smilemakers' unique assortment of products is a complementary addition to our offerings," said sam taylor, ceo of oriental trading company. "smilemakers is the leading brand catering to the dental and healthcare markets, and this strategic acquisition will help expand the reach of both companies. for example, we plan to enhance smilemakers' product offering to their customers through the addition of oriental trading products." credited with creating the "treasure box" giveaway concept in dentist offices, smilemakers offers a selection of nearly 9,000 toys, stickers, and novelty supplies that are especially popular among medical and dental practices. products are sold via the company's catalogs and www.smilemakers.com website. smilemakers was founded in 1978, and its operations include a fulfillment center in ontario, canada, in addition to its principal fulfillment center in spartanburg. oriental trading expects to complete the acquisition by mid-april. this marks the company's second acquisition in the last ten months. in june 2013, oriental trading acquired minneapolis-based mindware, a manufacturer, wholesaler, and direct retailer of educational games, toys, and books for kids of all ages. "one of my favorite elements of this new product launch is the inclusion of personal stories from our employees and community organizations featured throughout our catalogs and website. the fight against these debilitating diseases and societal ills touches us all, and there's so much passion in their stories, their challenges, and their triumphs," said taylor. oriental trading company acquires mindware acquisition merges education with fun, greatly expanding oriental trading's product offering omaha, neb. – june 27, 2013 – oriental trading company, inc., the nation's largest direct retailer of value-priced party supplies, arts and crafts, toys, novelties, and school supplies, today announced that it has acquired mindware holdings, inc., a manufacturer, wholesaler, and direct retailer of "brainy toys for kids of all ages" based in minneapolis, minnesota. oriental trading company is a berkshire hathaway company with headquarters in omaha, nebraska. "mindware's extensive selection of proprietary, award-winning educational toys, games, and books is the perfect addition to our product assortment," said sam taylor, ceo of oriental trading company. "mindware's offering includes over 1,000 educational products and will support our efforts to respond to the needs of educators and parents as we continue our mission to make the world more fun. we look forward to helping the mindware team grow their brand and accelerate the pace at which they bring fantastic products to market." over half of mindware's revenue is generated from exclusive, proprietary toys, games, and books the company has created. during the past two years, mindware's proprietary products received 46 awards from nine different parenting organizations and publications, including germany's highly prestigious "spiel des jahres" (game of the year) award for qwirkle, a fun and educational game requiring tactical maneuvers and well-planned strategy. most recently the company's mine shift game received the mensa select award, one of the most prominent awards in the toy industry. "we are thrilled to be able to add our games and toys to the many products offered by oriental trading," said martin smith, ceo of mindware. "like oriental trading company, mindware has grown from a small family business to a respected leader in its industry. with its broad customer base and large-scale, world-class technology and operations platform, oriental trading is clearly an excellent home for our educational products." mindware products are sold via the company's catalogs and www.mindware.com website, as well as by specialty and mass market retailers and internationally through distributors in over 35 countries. select mindware products will appear in oriental trading's catalogs and on the www.orientaltrading.com website this holiday season. about mindware mindware is an award-winning creator and manufacturer of brainy toys for kids of all ages. its diverse product line includes educational toys, games, brainteasers, creative play activities, building sets, coloring books and more! the company was founded in 1990 with a small retail store in minneapolis and has evolved into a direct-to-consumer catalog and website, along with its own wholesale division. mindware products have won awards from such prestigious institutions as, mensa, major fun, parents' choice, good housekeeping, and disney familyfun. mindware's top-selling product, qwirkle, won germany's highly prized "spiel des jahres" (game of the year) award in 2011. mindware's proprietary products are to be found on the shelves of over 30,000 retailers worldwide. consumers, educators and retailers have come to recognize mindware as a trusted resource for their families, students and customers. www.mindware.com get your luau on for fun and prizes from oriental trading company special contest celebrates national luau month omaha, neb. – april 22, 2013 – oriental trading company is inviting everyone to "get their luau on" this may in celebration of national luau month. as part of the festivities, oriental trading customers who register on the oriental trading company website and upload photos of their luau celebrations will be eligible to win an ultimate luau celebration for friends and family. in addition, each week registrants will be entered into a drawing to win special luau party packs full of fun oriental trading luau products. to inspire entrants, oriental trading company's party experts are posting tips, project ideas and fun photos on the company website, and luau-themed products are on sale throughout the month. "luau is a universal theme that can be applied to a variety of creative, fun activities and celebrations," said sam taylor, ceo of oriental trading company. "anything can have a luau theme, from birthday, graduation and summertime parties to craft projects and wedding receptions. we're inviting our customers to have fun and get creative as they send us photos of their luau celebrations." entries will be accepted throughout the month of may. entrants are asked to register at www.orientaltrading.com and upload photos with a short description of their luau celebration. each week in may, ten entrants will receive special luau party packs full of oriental trading products. at the end of the contest, two grand prize winners will be chosen to receive an ultimate luau celebration for friends and family. berkshire hathaway to acquire oriental trading company omaha, neb. – november 2, 2012 – berkshire hathaway inc. chairman and ceo warren buffett and oriental trading company president and ceo sam taylor today announced that berkshire hathaway will acquire omaha-based oriental trading company. the company is the nation’s largest direct retailer of value-priced party supplies, arts and crafts, school supplies, toys and novelties. the transaction is expected to close by the end of november and is subject to the termination of the applicable waiting period under the hart-scott-rodino antitrust improvements act and other customary closing conditions. "oriental trading is a leader in its industry, has a strong management team and delivers exceptional customer value and service," said warren buffet. "by increasing revenue, profits and the customer base over the last few years, sam taylor and the entire oriental trading team have successfully improved the business and positioned it for long-term growth. we are delighted to have them join the berkshire hathaway family and continue their quest to make the world more fun. they have had several changes to ownership in the past, but otc has a permanent home with berkshire hathaway." "we are excited to have one of the nation's most respected businesses take ownership of our company," said taylor. "over the years oriental trading company has grown from a small family business to a leader in online retail. berkshire hathaway recognizes the growth potential of our business and provides a permanent foundation for our long-term strategic initiatives to expand our product lines and leverage our world-class technology and operations platform." for over 80 years oriental trading company has made it easy and affordable for everyone to celebrate, have fun, and express creativity throughout their lifetime. the company offers over 40,000 products–more than half of which are exclusive–at guaranteed lowest prices through its website and catalogs. oriental trading was featured on this year’s emmy-winning cbs reality television series undercover boss and is one of the top 10 online retailers based on customer satisfaction. "every day our dedicated oriental trading company employees fill the orders of thousands of customers who depend on us to bring value, convenience and fun to their celebrations," said taylor. "whether it is for an individual, school, church, business or not-for-profit organization, our commitment is to deliver products that meet and exceed the expectations of our customers. being part of berkshire hathaway, one of america’s most respected names, will serve as an additional reminder for us to continually focus on our customers." lazard middle market acted as financial advisors to oriental trading company. about berkshire hathaway berkshire hathaway and its subsidiaries engage in diverse business activities including property and casualty insurance and reinsurance, utilities and energy, freight rail transportation, finance, manufacturing, retailing and services. common stock of the company is listed on the new york stock exchange, trading symbols brk.a and brk.b. cautionary statement certain statements contained in this press release are "forward looking" statements within the meaning of the private securities litigation reform act of 1995. these statements are not guaranties of future performance and actual results may differ materially from those forecasted. contacts: berkshire hathaway marc d. hamburg 402-346-1400 oriental trading company michelle johnson 402-829-4985 oriental trading company announces enhanced ipad app for christmas "making a list and checking it twice" means merriment for mobile consumers this holiday omaha, neb. – november 15, 2012 – earlier this year oriental trading company introduced its revolutionary ipad app offering a dynamic, unique shopping experience to assist consumers with their halloween party planning. today, oriental trading announces a new, enhanced version of the free app, available on itunes, for the upcoming christmas season. once again, shoppers everywhere can conveniently use their ipad tablets to purchase christmas party supplies, order gifts, stuff stockings, and have fun with over 40,000 products from the companyãâ¼s vast assortment. the streamlined usability and convenience of mobile shopping continues to resonate with consumers. oriental trading company recognizes this revolutionary digital shift and is continually working to provide customers with innovative tools to make their shopping experience easy and fun. since its initial launch in september, the oriental trading app has proven to be popular with consumers, consistently ranking among the most downloaded free catalog apps in the itunes app store. "customer satisfaction remains our top priority," said sam taylor, ceo of oriental trading company. "we listen to our customers and respond with complete solutions that meet their needs and provide value to their daily lives. the ipadãâ¼s portability is a proven time-saver for our busy customers who are planning parties and events during the holiday season for their families, school classrooms, businesses, and churches." interactive enhancements to this newest version of the oriental trading ipad app include a trim the tree feature, holiday costume runway, enhanced zoom capability, increased social networking functionality, favorites lists, fun activities for families, plus many others. trim the tree allows shoppers to select ornaments (to scale) with a swipe of the finger and position them on a beautiful christmas tree in a home setting to create the perfect look. a clever in-app light switch can be flipped on to set the holiday mood once the tree is trimmed. the swipable, interactive runway of christmas costumes for kids and adults provides quick viewing of hundreds of dress-up options. enhanced zoom functionality breaks away from a visual bounding box, expanding the image across the entire ipad screen for greater viewing detail. decorate your own functionality provides endless entertainment for kids as they dress penguins, design sugary sweet gingerbread houses, and create their own sticker scenes. stop action video feature is reminiscent of traditional christmas movies. favorites and social networking features allow customers to create lists of favorites products, drag and drop their favorites into the shopping cart, and share their favorites with friends and family through facebook, twitter, pinterest and email. the company’s www.orientaltrading.com website offers guaranteed lowest prices on over 40,000 products, half of which are exclusive and cannot be found in stores. to provide additional savings for mobile shoppers, oriental trading has included a free shipping offer within the app. "we are driven by our mission to make it easy and affordable for everyone to celebrate, have fun, and express creativity throughout their lifetime," taylor stated. "offering the new ipad app to our customers is one more way to help them save time and money this holiday season." oriental trading company is ranked #7 among the top 100 online retailers for customer satisfaction, is one of the top 50 catalog companies, and by the end of the month will become a berkshire hathaway company. oriental trading company to be featured on cbs's "undercover boss," friday, march 9 ceo sam taylor goes undercover on the hit reality series omaha, neb. - tuesday, february 7, 2012 - hidden behind a disguise so effective he was unrecognizable by even close colleagues, oriental trading company ceo sam taylor recently went undercover to learn more about his company. the results of this first-ever, behind-the-scenes look inside the nation's largest direct retailer of party supplies, arts and crafts, toys and novelties will air friday, march 9 (8:00-9:00 pm, et/pt) on cbs's hit series undercover boss. the upcoming episode marks a number of "firsts" for the hit cbs reality series. oriental trading is the first e-commerce/catalog retailer to be featured on the program, as well as the first company from nebraska. this is also the first time all of the front-line jobs highlighted in the show occur within the same facility. taylor worked alongside veteran employees within oriental trading company's 750,000 square foot, state-of-the-art fulfillment center, receiving a firsthand look at what it takes to process thousands of orders each day. "we stock millions of items and fulfill millions of customer orders each year, so it is no small task to pick, pack, and ship our customers' orders accurately, efficiently and on time," taylor said. "i learned a lot and gained new respect for the hard work our employees put forth every day. due to their efforts and productivity improvements, oriental trading is able to offer an outstanding customer experience, as well as guaranteed lowest prices on all our products." situated on a 120 acre parcel, the company's world-class fulfillment center boasts the capacity to house over 100 million items, contains over four miles of conveyors, and utilizes a specialized tilt tray sorter which travels at a speed of 415 feet per minute and processes over 40,000 units per hour. the sorter is the fastest of its kind in north america, and the fulfillment center ranks among the top five in the u.s. for unit volume shipped out of a single facility. driven by technology investments and talented employees, oriental trading maintains a 99.8% on-time delivery rate and 99.9% unit accuracy. "we know that our highly engaged employees are generating industry-leading customer loyalty," taylor said. "i am grateful for this once-in-a-lifetime opportunity to go undercover and work with our employees to identify ways we can make their jobs easier and transform oriental trading into an even better place to work." each week, the two-time emmy award nominated undercover boss follows a different executive as they leave the comfort of their corner office for an undercover mission to examine the inner workings of their companies. while working alongside their employees, they see the effects their decisions have on others, where the problems lie within their organizations and get an up-close look at both the good and the bad while discovering and rewarding the unsung heroes who make their companies run. press contact: michelle johnson mjohnson@oriental.com burgers aren't the only thing flipping when the boss of the fast food chain checkers & rally's is forced to make a drastic decision, on "undercover boss," on a new night, friday, feb. 17 at 8:00 pm additional companies going undercover this season include american seafoods, popeyes louisiana kitchen and oriental trading company cheat tweet: the boss of checkers & rally's has a beef with 1 of his restaurants on #undercoverboss, new night fri, 2/17 @ 8pm,et/pt http://bit.ly/zwbrht "checkers & rally's" - rick silva, president and ceo of checkers & rally's, one of the nation's largest fast food chains, serving more than two million hamburgers a week, travels to the front lines of his industry, where he's forced to make a drastic decision regarding one of his restaurants, on undercover boss, which moves to its new night, beginning friday, feb. 17 (8:00-9:00 pm, et/pt) on the cbs television network. among the additional companies whose bosses will go undercover this season are: friday, feb. 24 (8:00-9:00 pm, et/pt): american seafoods (bernt bodal, chairman and ceo) friday, march 2 (8:00-9:00 pm, et/pt): popeyes louisiana kitchen (lynne zappone, chief talent officer) friday, march 9 (8:00-9:00 pm, et/pt): oriental trading company (sam taylor, ceo) the most recent original episode of undercover boss, which featured kendall-jackson wine estates (jan. 29), was first in viewers (13.06m), tied for second in adults 25-54 (4.2/09) and averaged 3.0/07 in adults 18-49. this was the series' best viewer performance since jan. 16, 2011, best adults 25-54 delivery since march 27, 2011 and matched the season premiere's adults 18-49 ratings. each week, the two-time emmy award-nominated undercover boss follows a different executive as they leave the comfort of their corner office for an undercover mission to examine the inner workings of their companies. while working alongside their employees, they see the effects their decisions have on others, where the problems lie within their organizations and get an up-close look at both the good and the bad while discovering and rewarding the unsung heroes who make their companies run. undercover boss is produced by studio lambert. stephen lambert, eli holzman and chris carlson are executive producers. oriental trading company introduces digital catalogs on ipad digital offering puts efficient and convenient shopping at busy consumers' fingertips omaha, neb. - december 9, 2011 - oriental trading company, inc., the nation's largest direct retailer of value-priced party supplies, arts and crafts, toys and novelties, and a leading provider of school supplies and affordable home décor and giftware, has introduced new digital catalogs that busy consumers may access via their ipads. three different digital holiday catalogs are currently available, both for consumers and for businesses. the company plans to launch digital versions of party, crafts, school supplies, and wedding catalogs over the next several weeks. available through a partnership with catalog spree, oriental trading customers may flip through the digital catalogs page by page on their ipads, just as if they were paging through the print versions. users can browse thousands of items at unbeatable prices, zoom in on products, obtain detailed product information, and then purchase the items safely and securely on the orientaltrading.com website. the digital catalogs have search functionality to assist customers in quickly finding products they are looking for. customers may also mark their favorite items, place digital bookmarks, and easily share catalogs and products with their friends on facebook or via email. "our customers are technically savvy and have grown to expect convenience and value. making our catalogs available in a portable digital format offers them the flexibility to manage their holiday event planning and gift giving more efficiently and cost effectively than ever before," said sam taylor, ceo of oriental trading company. "our customers prefer tablets to smart phones for shopping, and as more consumers incorporate the ipad into their daily lives, we want to give them easy shopping options via this important mobile platform." catalog spree is a "discovery" platform for shoppers, providing a free app that customers may use to access oriental trading company digital catalogs. in addition to being easy and fun to use, this digital offering provides consumers with an eco-friendly way to shop. "our focus on the user experience continues to drive more consumers and more content to our offerings, and has made us the most popular and highest-rated catalog shopping app on the ipad," said joaquin ruiz, chief executive officer and co-founder of padopolis, creators of catalog spree. "we are pleased to partner with oriental trading company to make their catalog experience available on the ipad." to download the free catalog spree app and view the oriental trading company catalogs, please visit http://catalogspree.com oriental trading company introduces mobile site efficient and convenient shopping at the fingertips of consumers on the go omaha, neb. - november 23, 2011 - oriental trading company, inc., the nation's largest direct merchant of value-priced party supplies, arts and crafts, toys and novelties, and a leading provider of school supplies and affordable home décor and giftware, today announced the launch of its mobile commerce site. designed in partnership with mobile platform company usablenet, the new mobile site is designed to enhance the mobile shopping experience for busy consumers who choose to purchase through their smart phones and mobile devices. "consumers are technically savvy and have grown to expect retailers to deliver convenience and value directly to their mobile platforms. oriental trading's enhanced mobile commerce site gives them the ability to manage their holiday event planning and gift giving more efficiently than ever before from their iphone®, android® blackberry®, and other mobile devices with internet browsers," said sam taylor, ceo of oriental trading company. "just in time for this busy holiday season, we are pleased to offer consumers on-the-go a way to conveniently take advantage of oriental trading's guaranteed lowest prices on holiday party supplies, crafts, toys and novelties." "with smartphone adoption in the u.s. surging toward 50% and more shoppers turning to their mobile devices to research products and make purchases, it's essential for retailers to offer their customers a seamless way to shop on-the-go," said nick taylor, ceo of usablenet. "the new optimized mobile site from oriental trading provides customers an efficient and engaging mobile shopping experience anytime, anywhere." press contact: michelle johnson mjohnson@oriental.com oriental trading company donates $100,000 to red cross for local flood relief red cross and oriental trading company recognize flood relief efforts omaha, neb. - thursday, sept. 8, 2011 - this morning oriental trading company presented the american red cross with a $100,000 donation to support ongoing local flood relief efforts. they also came together to thank local schools and churches who hosted red cross shelters this summer due to missouri river flooding. oriental trading company presented representatives from the nebraska and sw iowa schools and churches with a special assortment of school spirit and sunday school supplies as a thank you. "oriental trading company is demonstrating compassionate care through this generous act and we are so very grateful," said tina labellarte, ceo of the nebraska/sw iowa region of the american red cross. "even though the flood waters are receding, the need for assistance continues," said sam taylor, ceo of oriental trading company. "we want to join the red cross in thanking the many people who have stepped up to help out during the summer, and we urge others to accept the call and provide whatever help you can as our friends and neighbors continue to put their lives back together after this summer's flooding." press contact: michelle johnson mjohnson@oriental.com stay in the know on products, ideas & deals you'll love! email address sign up stay connected with oriental trading more ways to shop catalog quick order request free catalog gift cards oriental trading coupons email sign-up customer service contact us help & faq order tracking order form return policy shipping information shopping cart international orders sales tax notices tax exemption ada compliance about us company information how we give back employment affiliate program 110% lowest price guarantee 100% happiness guarantee our family of brands company news safe & secure shopping security/privacy terms & conditions your california privacy rights safety news do not sell my personal info © 2021 otc direct, inc. all rights reserved. bbb accredited business 110% lowest price guarantee back to top