来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20231231164854/https://www.orientaltrading.com/h3-help-security-and-privacy.fltr
================================================================================

privacy policy | oriental trading skip header & navigation skip to footer navigation all content on this site is available, via phone, at 1-800-875-8480. . if you experience any accessibility issues, please contact us. oriental trading mindware fun365 cart search 1-800-875-8480 live chat help party supplies holidays & events toys & games crafts teaching supplies wedding religion & faith personalized valentine's day sale limited time! free shipping on orders $25+ applied click to apply how can we help? top categories help home my account orders & payments shipping information product questions promotions returns & refunds privacy policy general information otc marketplace contact us other information what is fun rewards+? 110% lowest price guarantee order return form order form help privacy policy privacy policy our privacy policy we understand that you want to know what we do with your info. our privacy policy describes how we collect, use, share, and safeguard the info that you give us or that we collect about you. we've summarized key elements of our privacy policy here for your convenience. this summary should be read in conjunction with our full privacy policy. what info do we collect? we collect info you give us, about your use of our products and services, and about your interactions with us. we also obtain info about you from other companies, such as an updated delivery address from one of our shippers. learn more about the info we collect. how do we use your info? among other things, weuse your info to communicate with you, collect payment for products you purchase, respond to your questions, send information, promotions, and catalogs to you, and to customize your shopping experience. learn more about how we use your info. how do we share your info? we want to be clear about what we're doing with your info. for instance, we do not rent or sell your email address, but we may use it as described in our privacy policy and share it with our affiliated businesses and vendors, and with merchants whose websites link with ours. learn more about how we share your info. what are "cookies" that websites like ours use? cookies and other tracking technologies are small files of information that we or third parties pass to your hard drive and collect info so that our systems can recognize when you return to our website and track your use of our website, which helps you complete your order and helps us tailor your website experience to you. learn more about cookies we use. what choices do you have about uses of your info, and how can you update your account info? you have choices about how we reach you with marketing and whether certain types of info may be shared for marketing purposes. we provide methods for you to access, review, and update your account information. learn more about your choices. how do we protect your info? we have a variety of safeguards in place to help protect your info against unauthorized access, use, or disclosure. learn more about how we protect your info. do you have specific rights under privacy laws in the united states? you may have additional rights under state laws, including california, colorado, connecticut, nevada, utah, and virginia privacy laws. learn more about specific state laws. privacy policy effective date: january 1, 2023 last updated: february 17, 2023 introduction we respect the privacy of your information. this privacy policy is designed to assist you in understanding how we collect, use, share, and safeguard your information. this privacy policy applies to individuals who access this website ("site") and the services provided through our catalogs and site (collectively, "services"). from time to time, we may change this privacy policy. if we do, we will post an amended version on this webpage. please review this privacy policy periodically. this privacy policy covers the following topics: information we collect how we use your information how we share your information cookies and other tracking technologies "do not track" signals choices about your information security third party links children's privacy us state specific disclosures notice to california residents accessibility how to contact us 1. information we collect we collect personally identifiable information from you through your use of the site and services. "personally identifiable information" is individually identifiable information about an individual consumer that we collect and that we maintain in an accessible form. we collect the following types of personally identifiable information: information you provide we may collect the following personally identifiable information that you voluntarily provide to us in using our site and services: create an account: when you create an account with us, you will provide us with certain information including your name and email address, and you will create a password. place an order: when you place an order with us, you will provide us with your name, mailing address, phone number, email address, and payment information (e.g., credit or debit card number). if you place an order for a custom-made product, you have the option to provide us with additional information, such as your date of birth, a photograph, or other event details. request a catalog: when you request a catalog from us, you will provide us with your name, email address, and mailing address. you may choose to provide us with your phone number and the name of your business/organization. enter a contest or giveaway: if you enter into one of our contests or giveaways, you will provide us with your name, email address, mailing address, telephone number and other information depending on the promotion. chat with us: if you use our live chat feature, you will provide us with your email address, first name, and any information you choose to provide in your chat message. our live chat feature is provided by a third-party chat provider. the chat provider maycollect, record, and store the information you provide in the chat. apply for a job: if you apply for a job with us, you will provide us with your name, email address, telephone number and other information as required for the position. we use a third party to collect this information. if you use our recruiting assistant chatbot feature, you will provide us with any information you choose to provide in your chat message. our recruiting assistant chatbot feature is provided by a third-party chatbot provider. the chatbot provider may collect, record, and store the information you provide in the chat. otherwise interact with our site or services: when you log-in to your account, send us any feedback, questions, comments, suggestions, ideas, or interact with us in any way, you may need to provide us with your log-in information, name, email address, and/or phone number. information as you navigate our site we automatically collect certain personally identifiable information through your use of the site and services, such as the following: usage infromation: for example, the pages on the site you access, the frequency of access, and what you click on while on the site. device information: for example, hardware model, operating system, application version number, and browser. mobile device information: aggregated information about whether the site is accessed via a mobile device or tablet, the device type, and the carrier. location information: location information from site visitors on a city-regional basis. third party information in some cases, we may receive certain personally identifiable information from you about a third party. for example, as part of our ordering process for custom-made products, you may provide the name, date of birth, and/or photograph of a third party. if you submit any personally identifiable information about another individual to us, you are responsible for making sure you have the authority to do so and to allow us to use their personally identifiable information in accordance with this privacy policy. we also may receive and use personally identifiable information about you from other sources and add it to our account information. for example, we might get an updated delivery address from one of our shipping providers. 2. how do we use your information we use the personally identifiable information we collect to provide the services to you, to improve our site and services, and to protect our legal rights. in addition, we may use the personally identifiable information we collect to: process your account registration; process and fulfill your order; review your job application; contact you regarding our products and services that we feel may be of interest to you; communicate with you about our site or services or to inform you of any changes to our site or services; provide support; maintain and improve our site and services; protect the security and integrity of our site and services; investigate, prevent, or take action regarding illegal activities, suspected fraud, situations involving potential threats to the physical safety of any person, or violations of our terms of use, and to otherwise fulfill our legal obligations; monitor compliance with and enforce this privacy policy and any other applicable agreements and policies; defend our legal rights and the rights of others; fulfill any other purposes for which you provide it, or any other purpose we deem necessary or appropriate; efficiently maintain our business; and comply with applicable law. we collect the info you give us, and we use it to help you. you know that we collect and maintain some of your information. for example, you provide your name, address, phone number, email address, credit card information and other data when you place an order, enter a contest or giveaway, request a catalog or make use of other aspects of our website. what do we do with this information? among other things, we use that info to communicate with you, collect payment for products you purchase, respond to your questions, send information, promotions and catalogs to you, and to customize your shopping experience. we also may receive and use data about you from other sources and add it to our account information. for example, we might get an updated delivery address from one of our shippers. you gave us your email address. what is it used for? we may use your email address to communicate with you and for our promotional email marketing. you should notice amazing deals and promotions in your in-box! but if your emails are getting too cluttered and you'd like to unsubscribe from receiving those promotional emails, then you can find out how to unsubscribe by clicking here. instructions on unsubscribing are also included in every email. we know your address. what do we do with that? because we have your mailing address, we may send you catalogs packed full of fun and amazing values. just an fyi, you might receive our catalogs and other catalog titles from us or our affiliates. from time to time, our catalog mailing list may be shared, rented or exchanged with other responsible businesses, vendors and service providers. if you do not want your name shared with businesses unaffiliated with us or if you do not want to receive our catalogs, please call 1-800-348-6483 or fax us at 1-800-327-8904. just know that it may take us two to four weeks to remove your name from our list. our mailing address is 5455 south 90th street, omaha, nebraska 68127. navigation and ip addresses. when you visit our website we also collect, store and use information about your utilization and navigation of our website, including browsing history, and you consent to our collection, storing and use of such information. this information helps us to design the website to better suit our customers' needs, draw inferences about our customers' interests and provide targeted advertising by us or third parties. we may use your ip address and share it with service providers or other third parties to help diagnose problems with our server, administer the website, analyze trends, track visitor movements, and gather broad demographic information that assists us in identifying visitor preferences. what are "cookies" that websites like ours use? cookies are programs that we or third parties pass to your hard drive and collect information so that our systems recognize your browser and track your use of our website, which helps you complete your order and helps us tailor your website experience to you, diagnose problems, collect information about the use of our website and administer our website. for example, our website uses cookies to keep track of your shopping cart and order history, including when you have abandoned your cart, to send you cart reminder text messages. we also use cookies to give us hints about your interests in our websites, which will help us to better serve you and to personalize your shopping experience. we have rules and limits about sharing your personal information. we want to be clear about what we're doing with your information: we do not rent or sell your email address, but we may use it as described in this policy and share it with our affiliated businesses, vendors and service providers, and with merchants whose websites link with ours. we may share, sell, transfer or assign customer information in connection with a merger, consolidation, sale of assets, joint venture, partnership, consulting engagement, service provider, or other business transaction or contract. if you consented to receive sms marketing text messages, we do not share with, rent or sell your cell phone number to unaffiliated third parties for their own marketing purposes, but we may use it as otherwise described in this policy. we will also share your customer information with otc+ merchants from whom you purchase products. third-party businesses may also use or have access to your information when we engage them to send mail and email, analyze data and customer lists, conduct marketing, process accounts receivable, and other functions. that information may include your ip address, navigation and browsing history, and details about your purchases, and it may be used to target advertising on other sites or applications. you can opt-out of receiving targeted advertisements by visiting one of the following websites: network advertising initiative (nai): www.networkadvertising.org/choices digital advertising alliance (daa): www.aboutads.info some internet browsers have a "do not track" (dnt) feature that lets you tell websites that you do not want to have your online activities tracked. we currently are not able to interpret or respond to dnt signals, but we do provide you the option to opt-out of interest-based advertising outlined in the paragraph above. 3. how we share your information we may share the personally identifiable information we collect about you in the following ways: with vendors who perform data or site-related services on our behalf (e.g., email, hosting, maintenance, backup, analysis, marketing, etc.); with vendors to prepare, deploy and analyze advertising content; to the extent that we are required to do so by law; in connection with any legal proceedings or prospective legal proceedings; to establish, exercise, or defend our or a third party's legal rights, including providing information to others for the purposes of fraud prevention; with any person who we reasonably believe may apply to a court or other competent authority for disclosure of that personally identifiable information where, in our reasonable opinion, such court or authority would be reasonably likely to order disclosure of that personally identifiable information; with any other person or entity as part of any business or asset sale, equity transaction, merger, acquisition, bankruptcy, liquidation, or similar proceeding, or in preparation for any of these events; to complete a transaction, provide a product or services or perform a contract; to perform research and analysis for marketing, user experience, technological or product development purposes; with any other person or entity where you consent to the disclosure; and for any other purpose disclosed by us when you provide the personally identifiable information or for any other purpose we deem necessary, including to protect the health or safety of others. 4. cookies and other tracking technologies like many other companies, we use cookies and other tracking technologies (such as pixels and web beacons) (collectively, "cookies"). to learn more about how we use cookies and your choices regarding our use of cookies, please see our cookie policy. 5. "do not track" signals some internet browsers incorporate a "do not track" feature that signals to websites you visit that you do not want to have your online activity tracked. given that there is not a uniform way that browsers communicate the "do not track" signal, our site does not currently interpret, respond to, or alter its practices when it receives "do not track" signals. 6. choices about your information review and request changes to your information you may use your account to access, correct, or view certain personally identifiable information we have collected and which is associated with your account. our marketing emails also provide a link for you to update your email address. marketing communications to opt out of our marketing emails, you can click to unsubscribe. you may also unsubscribe by clicking the unsubscribe link included in the footer of our emails. 7. security we maintain commercially reasonable security measures to protect the personally identifiable information we collect and store from loss, misuse, destruction, or unauthorized access. however, no security measure or modality of data transmission over the internet is 100% secure. although we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your personally identifiable information, we cannot guarantee absolute security. 8. third party links the site may contain links that will let you leave the site and access another website. linked websites are not under our control. except as stated below, this privacy policy applies solely to personally identifiable information that is acquired by us on this site. we accept no responsibility or liability for these other websites. 9. children's privacy the site is not intended for children under 13 years of age. we do not knowingly collect, use, or disclose personal information from children under 13. 10. us state-specific disclosures for a discussion of the categories of personal data we process, the purposes for our processing, the categories of personal data that we share with third parties, and the categories of third parties with whom we share personal data, please see sections 1 through 3, above, and section 11, below. depending on the state in which you reside, you may have certain privacy rights regarding your personal data. if you are a california resident, please see our notice to california residents section below. for other state residents, your privacy rights may include (if applicable): the right to confirm whether or not we are processing your personal data and to access such personal data; the right to obtain a copy of your personal data that we collected from and/or about you in a portable and, to the extent technically feasible, readily usable format that allows you to transmit the information to another controller without hindrance, where the processing is carried out by automated means; the right to delete personal data that we collected from and/or about you, subject to certain exceptions; the right to correct inaccurate personal data that we maintain about you, subject to certain exceptions; the right, if applicable, to opt out of the processing of your personal data for purposes of (1) targeted advertising; (2) the "sale" of your personal data (as that term is defined by applicable law); and (3) profiling in furtherance of decisions that produce legal or similarly significant effects concerning you; if we are required by applicable law to obtain your consent to process sensitive personal data, the right to withdraw your consent; and the right not to receive discriminatory treatment by us for the exercise of your privacy rights. depending on how the applicable privacy law defines a "sale," we may sell personal data to third parties. for instance, if you are a resident of colorado, connecticut, utah, or virginia, we sell your personal data to third parties. we also process your personal data for targeted advertising. to exercise your rights, please submit a request through our interactive webform or by calling us at 800-228-1679. if legally required, we will comply with your request upon verification of your identity and, to the extent applicable, the identity of the consumer on whose behalf you are making such request. to do so, we will ask you to verify data points based on information we have in our records concerning you. if you are submitting a request on behalf of another individual, please use the same contact methods described above. if we refuse to take action regarding your request, you may appeal our decision through our interactive webform or by calling us at 800-228-1679. if you would like to opt out of targeted advertising, you may alter your cookie preferences. 11. notice to california residents the california consumer privacy act, as amended by the california privacy rights act of 2020 ("ccpa"), requires that we provide california residents with a privacy policy that contains a comprehensive description of our online and offline practices regarding the collection, use, disclosure, sale, sharing, and retention of personal information and of the rights of california residents regarding their personal information. this section of the privacy policy is intended solely for, and is applicable only as to, california residents. if you are not a california resident, this section does not apply to you and you should not rely on it. the ccpa defines "personal information" to mean information that identifies, relates to, describes, is reasonably capable of being associated with, or could reasonably be linked, directly or indirectly, with a particular california resident or household. personal information does not include publicly available, deidentified or aggregated information or lawfully obtained, truthful information that is a matter of public concern. for purposes of this notice to california residents section, we will refer to this information as "personal information." notice at collection of personal information we currently may collect and, in the 12 months prior to the last updated date of this privacy policy, may have collected the following categories of personal information: identifiers (name, alias, postal address, online identifier, internet protocol address, email address, account name) unique personal identifiers (device identifier; cookies, beacons, pixel tags, mobile ad identifiers, or other similar technology; customer number, unique pseudonym, or user alias; telephone numbers, or other forms of persistent or probabilistic identifiers that can be used to identify a particular consumer or device) personal information described in california's customer records statute (california civil code § 1798.80(e)) (signature, physical characteristics or description, credit card number, debit card number, and other financial information, as well as the categories listed in "identifiers" category above) characteristics of protected classifications under california or federal law (race, color, sex/gender, gender identity/expression, age (40 and older), religion (including religious dress and grooming practices), national origin, ancestry, marital status, military or veteran status, political affiliations or activities) commercial information (records of products or services purchased, obtained, or considered; other purchasing or consuming histories or tendencies; and other commercial information (e.g., wedding, birthday, and other event information)) internet or other electronic network activity information (browsing history; search history; and information regarding consumer's interaction with website, application, or advertisement) audio, electronic, visual, or similar information professional or employment-related information education information inferences drawn from above information to create a profile about a consumer reflecting the consumer's preferences, characteristics, psychological trends, predispositions, behavior, attitudes, intelligence, abilities, and aptitudes sensitive personal information. personal information that reveals a consumer's racial or ethnic origin, religious or philosophical beliefs. we collect personal information directly from you and from your family and friends, our affiliates, data analytics providers, social media networks, advertising networks, list brokers and managers, list rentals and cooperatives, internet service providers, government entities, operating systems and platforms, and data brokers. we do not collect all categories of personal information from each source. in addition to the purposes stated above in the how we use your information section, we currently may collect and may have collected the above categories of personal information for the following business or commercial purposes: auditing related to counting ad impressions to unique visitors, verifying positioning and quality of ad impressions, and auditing compliance with this specification and other standards helping to ensure security and integrity to the extent the use of your personal information is reasonably necessary and proportionate for these purposes debugging to identify and repair errors that impair existing intended functionality short-term, transient use, including, but not limited to, non-personalized advertising shown as part of your current interaction with us, provided that your personal information is not disclosed to another third party and is not used to build a profile about you or otherwise alter your experience outside the current interaction with us performing services, including maintaining or servicing accounts, providing customer service, processing or fulfilling orders and transactions, verifying customer information, processing payments, providing analytic services, or providing similar services providing advertising and marketing services, except for cross-context behavioral advertising, to you provided that, for the purpose of advertising and marketing, our service providers and/or contractors shall not combine the personal information of opted-out consumers that the service provider or contractor receives from us, or on our behalf with personal information that the service provider or contractor receives from, or on behalf of, another person or persons or collects from its own interaction with you undertaking internal research for technological development and demonstration undertaking activities to verify or maintain the quality or safety of a service or product, and to improve, upgrade, or enhance the service or product advancing our commercial or economic interests, such as by inducing another person to buy, rent, lease, join, subscribe to, provide, or exchange products, goods, property, information, or services, or enabling or effecting, directly or indirectly, a commercial transaction the following table identifies the categories of personal information that we may have sold or shared to third parties in the 12 months preceding the last updated date of this privacy policy and, for each category, the categories of third parties to whom we sold or shared personal information: categories of personal information categories of personal information categories of third parties identifiers such as a real name, alias, postal address, unique personal identifier (such as a device identifier; cookies, beacons, pixel tags, mobile ad identifiers and similar technology; customer number, unique pseudonym, or user alias; telephone number and other forms of persistent or probabilistic identifiers), online identifier, internet protocol address, email address, and account name,; commercial information, including records of products or services purchased, obtained, or considered, other purchasing or consuming histories or tendencies, and other commercial information (e.g., wedding, birthday, and other event information); internet or other electronic network activity information, including, but not limited to, browsing history, search history, and information regarding your interaction with websites, applications, or advertisements; and inferences drawn from any of the information identified above to create a profile about you reflecting your preferences, characteristics, psychological trends, predispositions, behavior, attitudes, intelligence, abilities, and aptitudes. our affiliates; vendors who provide services on our behalf, including, but not limited to, list brokers, list managers, marketplace facilitators, consumer reporting agencies; our marketing, research, and analytics partners; and third-party marketers (who may combine your personal information with their own records, and records available from other sources), for their own direct marketing purposes, and the direct marketing purposes of other third-party marketers. we may have sold or shared personal information to third parties for the business or commercial purposes listed above. in the 12 months preceding the last updated date of this privacy policy, we may have disclosed the categories of personal information described above as identifiers, personal information described in california's customer records statute, characteristics of protected classifications under california or federal law, commercial information, internet or other electronic network activity information, audio, electronic, visual, and similar information, professional or employment-related information, education information, and inferences drawn from any of the information identified above to the following categories of recipients: our affiliates, vendors, and joint marketing providers. we may have disclosed personal information for the business or commercial purposes listed above. we do not knowingly collect, sell, or share the personal information of consumers under 16 years of age. we do not use sensitive personal information for purposes other than those allowed by the ccpa and its regulations. retention of personal information we retain your personal information for as long as necessary to fulfill the purposes for which we collect it, such as to provide you with the service you have requested, and for the purpose of satisfying any legal, accounting, contractual, or reporting requirements that apply to us. your rights if you are a california resident, you have the following rights with respect to your personal information: the right to know what personal information we have collected about you, including the categories of personal information, the categories of sources from which we collected personal information, the business or commercial purpose for collecting, selling, or sharing personal information (if applicable), the categories of third parties to whom we disclose personal information (if applicable), and the specific pieces of personal information we collected about you; the right to delete personal information that we collected from you, subject to certain exceptions; the right to correct inaccurate personal information that we maintain about you; if we sell or share personal information, the right to opt out of the sale or sharing; if we use or disclose sensitive personal information for purposes other than those allowed by the ccpa and its regulations, the right to limit our use or disclosure; and the right not to receive discriminatory treatment by us for the exercise of privacy rights the ccpa confers. how to submit a request to know, delete, and/or correct you may submit a request to know, delete, and/or correct through our interactive webform or by calling us toll free at 800-228-1679. if you submit a request to delete online, you may be asked to confirm separately that you want your personal information deleted. if you are submitting a request on behalf of a california resident, please submit the request through one of the designated methods discussed above. after submitting the request, we will require additional information to verify your authority to act on behalf of the california resident. our process for verifying a request to know, delete, and/or correct we will comply with your request upon verification of your identity and, to the extent applicable, the identity of the california resident on whose behalf you are making such request. we will verify your identity either to a "reasonable degree of certainty" or a "reasonably high degree of certainty" depending on the sensitivity of the personal information and the risk of harm to you by unauthorized disclosure, deletion, or correction as applicable. to do so, we will ask you to verify data points based on information we have in our records concerning you. right to opt out of sale or sharing of personal information if you are a california resident, you have the right to direct us to stop selling or sharing your personal information. you may submit a request to opt out of sales or sharing through our interactive webform. you also may submit a request by calling us toll free at 800-228-1679. if you have enabled privacy controls on your browser (such as a plugin), we will also treat that as a valid request to opt out. notice of financial incentive from time to time, you may have the opportunity to provide personal information in exchange for discounts and price differences. for example, we provide discounts, free shipping, and other incentives in exchange for you signing up to receive marketing emails and/or text messages. categories of personal information that we may collect when you subscribe to receive these incentives include your email address and telephone number, respectively. we also offer prizes in exchange for you entering our contests and/or giveaways. categories of personal information that we may collect when you enter to receive prizes include your name, email address, mailing address, telephone number, and other information depending on the promotion. how to opt-in and right to withdraw signing up for a financial incentive is optional. by providing your email address and/or telephone number during the discount sign-up process, you affirmatively opt in to receiving the financial incentive and to joining our marketing list. by submitting your contest or giveaway application, you affirmatively opt in to the possibility of receiving the financial incentive and to entering our contest and/or giveaway. you have the right to withdraw from these financial incentives at any time. if you opt out of receiving a financial incentive, we will not reduce the value of any financial incentives you previously received from us. if you wish to withdraw from receiving the financial incentive, you may submit such a request at any time by calling us toll free at 800-228-1679. how the financial incentive is reasonably related to the value of your personal information the financial incentive or price difference is reasonably related to the value provided by your personal information. we take into consideration, without limitation, the anticipated revenue generated from such information, the anticipated expenses which we might incur in the collection, storage, and use of such information, and the anticipated expenses which we might incur related to the offer, provision, and imposition of any financial incentive or price difference. based on this analysis, the value of your personal information that allows us to make these offers and financial incentives is the value of the offer itself. shine the light law if you are a california resident, california civil code § 1798.83 permits you to request information regarding the disclosure of your personal information by us to third parties for the third parties' direct marketing purposes (as those terms are defined in that statute). to make such a request, please call us at 800-228-1679. 12. accessibility we are committed to ensuring this privacy policy is accessible to individuals with disabilities. if you wish to access this privacy policy in an alternative format, please contact us as described below. 13. how to contact us if you have any questions or concerns about our privacy policies or practices, please call us at 800-228-1679. contact information we're here to help. feel free to reach out to us with any questions or concerns. contact form chat with us monday-friday 7am-11pm cst saturday-sunday 8am-11pm cst launch chat phone numbers toll-free: 1-800-875-8480 monday-friday 7am-9pm cst saturday-sunday 8am-8pm cst international orders: 402-331-6800 monday-friday 8am-6pm cst saturday 8am-4:30pm cst sunday closed operadores bilingues: 1-800-457-6728 lunes-viernes 9am-5pm cst fax number domestic: 800-327-8904 international: 402-596-2364 24 hours a day, 7 days a week. address information oriental trading company p.o. box 2308 omaha, ne 68103-2308 thanks for shopping with making life more fun for over 90 years fast shipping 4 days or less! 110% lowest price guarantee best-in-class customer service 100% happiness guarantee stay in the know on products, ideas & deals you'll love! email address sign up stay connected with oriental trading footer navigation quick links catalog quick order request free catalog gift cards oriental trading coupons email sign-up sms text sign-up what is fun rewards+? customer service contact us help & faq order tracking order form return policy shipping information shopping cart international orders sales tax notices tax exemption ada compliance email preferences about us company information how we give back employment affiliate program 110% lowest price guarantee 100% happiness guarantee our family of brands company news safe & secure shopping privacy policy terms of use california collection notice safety news do not sell or share my personal information e-commerce resellers cookie policy custom products custom products © 2023 otc direct, inc. all rights reserved.