来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20131229170049/http://blackdiamondequipment.com/en/sustainability.html
================================================================================

sustainability and fair labor practices // black diamond inc menu change country/language americas argentina canada chile colombia ecuador mexico peru united states europe andorra english french austria english german belgium english german french bulgaria english croatia english czech republic english denmark english estonia english finland english france english french germany english german greece english hungary english iceland english ireland english italy english latvia english lithuania english luxembourg english german french netherlands english norway english poland english portugal english romania english serbia english slovakia english slovenia english spain english sweden english switzerland english german french turkey english united kingdom english asia pacific australia hong kong indonesia japan malaysia new zealand russia singapore south korea africa south africa company company about us press releases investor relations marketing assets sustainability guide services retail store mountain project app jobs careers frequently asked questions us job openings europe job openings asia job openings customer service customer service general information warranty/repairs returns product recalls shipping policies frequently asked questions check egift card balance privacy policy terms of use pro purchase credentials find retailer egift cards buy an egift card check egift card balance my account cart0 shop experience search catalog search apparel all apparel jackets / shells insulation fleece shirts / hoodys hats / t-shirts pants / shorts gloves featured new web specials climbing top rated belay / rappel big wall bouldering carabiners / quickdraws chalk / chalk bags climbing gloves climbing packs crampons dogbones / runners harnesses helmets ice axes / piolets ice protection lighting protection technical ice tools via ferrata spare parts skiing top rated pieps avalanche beacons avalung bindings boots lighting ski poles snow gloves snow safety skins skis snow packs spare parts hiking/trekking top rated accessories gaiters gloves hats / t-shirts lighting packs tents / bivys trekking poles spare parts search catalog search shop apparel all apparel jackets / shells insulation fleece shirts / hoodys hats / t-shirts pants / shorts gloves featured new web specials climbing top rated belay / rappel big wall bouldering carabiners / quickdraws chalk / chalk bags climbing gloves climbing packs crampons dogbones / runners harnesses helmets ice axes / piolets ice protection lighting protection technical ice tools via ferrata spare parts skiing top rated pieps avalanche beacons avalung bindings boots lighting ski poles snow gloves snow safety skins skis snow packs spare parts hiking/trekking top rated accessories gaiters gloves hats / t-shirts lighting packs tents / bivys trekking poles spare parts experience find retailer company customer service egift cards my account search catalog search home / company / sustainability sustainability your browser's javascript functionality is turned off. please turn it on so that you can experience the full capabilities of this site. corporate responsibility leadership environment social advocacy groups we support ever since doug robinson's visionary essay espousing the virtues of clean climbing ran in the '72 chouinard equipment catalog, we've rooted our company ethos in the idea that the style in which we accomplish our goals is as important as achieving them at all. we believe this applies as much to business as it does to climbing, and so we have paired an innovative approach to building equipment with an innovative approach to running a company—one that supports the preservation of, and access to, the places we hold so dear. today, we still make the world's best equipment for experiencing the mountains in a low impact way, and our business practices follow suit. more than 20 years after the creation of black diamond in 1989, we're a publicly-traded corporation comprised of some of the industry's top brands, and our commitment to good style is still our driving force—promoting fair labor practices and making our products, manufacturing processes, supply chains, facilities and marketing materials more sustainable and less environmentally impactful. equally important is our continued outspoken advocacy and philanthropic support for conservation and access-focused non-profit groups. we know we can't single-handedly save the world, however we are committed to acting as socially and environmentally responsible as possible. building on years of organic, independent efforts, in 2010 we established an official corporate responsibility program for black diamond, inc. to monitor and ensure social and environmental compliance and stewardship across our growing brands, supply chains and product diversity. while we humbly acknowledge there is much more to do, we strive in all of our endeavors to ensure that our communities, environment and business continue to thrive for years to come. leadership led by ceo and founder peter metcalf, black diamond has become a globally recognized voice for conservation and preservation ethics, particularly in utah, where black diamond's global headquarters sit at the foot of the wasatch mountains. metcalf believes that wilderness should be protected and valued, rather than exploited and abused by motorized groups, mining companies and land developers. working with government agencies, landowners and advocacy groups, black diamond has led the way in showing that wilderness preservation and business success can be symbiotic. while his many efforts are too numerous to name, some of peter metcalf's most recent awards include the kirk englehardt business ethics award, mountainwest capital network's 2011 entrepreneur of the year award and the outdoor industry association's chairman's award for unprecedented leadership, commitment and inspiration. in early 2013, peter metcalf was inducted into the american alpine club's hall of mountaineering excellence for his early alpine pursuits, groundbreaking first ascents and unwavering commitment to land preservation. we are also equally proud of the awards we have received as a company for our advocacy initiatives and commitment to preservation.  some of these include the zions bank's global pacesetter award, summit land conservancy's 2010 conservation and sustainability award, colorado environmental coalition's 2012 rebel with a cause award, save our canyons' 2013 lone peak award for wasatch conservation leadership, the access fund's 2012 sharp end award and the utah river council's headwater's award. environment "to champion the preservation of, and access to, mountain, crag and canyon environments while minimizing our own environmental footprint."—bd founding commitments building world-class product requires exceptional design and ceaseless innovation. we apply these principles to our material selection, manufacturing processes and environmental compliance program. black diamond products are synonymous with outstanding performance—but not at the expense of destroying the lands where we recreate.  we believe it is our responsibility not only to deliver the best performing gear, but to do so while minimizing adverse environmental effects. environmental compliance innovation in equipment requires developing new technologies and materials. at black diamond, we believe that reducing the environmental impact of a product—through design, engineering and efficiency—is an equally vital part of innovation. research shows that approximately 60-70% of a product's environmental impact comes from the raw material and manufacturing supply chain. with this knowledge, black diamond has adopted the best available tools in the industry to responsibly manage the environmental impact and consumer safety of our raw materials, chemistries and manufacturing processes. these tools guide the production of all black diamond products, whether manufactured by us or an outside vendor. bluesign® true chemical compliance requires tremendous expertise, so in 2012 black diamond became a bluesign® system partner. as a bluesign® system partner, black diamond is required to meet high standards of consumer and worker safety, to use resources responsibly and to continually improve our environmental performance. to evaluate longer-term environmental performance, bluesign® principles are based on resource productivity, encouraging continuous reductions in the consumption of energy, water and chemicals used to meet our product performance requirements. as primarily a textile supply chain system, the bluesign® approach was instrumental in the launch of black diamond apparel in fall 2013. we will continue to expand the reach of the bluesign® system in 2013 and beyond with other black diamond softgoods categories such as gloves, packs, harnesses and tents. for our non-textile hardware products, we have begun to use the bluesign® approach and their system substance list (bssl) to qualify chemical inputs and ensure the use of best available technology. outdoor industry association – sustainable working group black diamond has been an active member of the outdoor industry association's sustainability working group, dedicated to advancing industry standards on environmental and social responsibility. in 2012, this group launched a new industry tool, the higg index, which we have adopted to measure the environmental impact of our brands, facilities and products. this tool takes a life-cycle approach that provides actionable information to identify where we can improve year after year. this ensures we continue to evaluate and evolve our policies, the performance of our manufacturing facilities and vendor partners, and the raw material input and consumer safety of our products. read more on environmental efforts on our global campuses and facilities at advocacy-energy. social "even though i'm very proud of the products we make, it is the style in which we conduct our business that means the most to me.—peter metcalf, ceo and founder from our headquarters in utah to our factory in china, we are committed to complying with the highest standards of social responsibility at all our operations. we take care choosing our vendors and partners, and maintain a strict vendor code of conduct, collaborating with our partners to make continuous improvements, apply best practices and conduct annual audits to ensure the safety and fair treatment of all those who work for or manufacture black diamond product. social compliance we care deeply about the health, welfare and safety of all those who manufacture our products, and believe the most effective way to ensure this is by selecting the right partners. for more than twenty years we have chosen vendors who share our commitment to corporate responsibility: professionals equally invested in their people and their craft. in addition to an extensive vetting process, we require each vendor who supplies black diamond product to adhere to the standards and regulations outlined in our vendor code of conduct. in accordance with the international labour organization conventions, the united nations' universal declaration of human rights and the un's conventions on children's rights and the elimination of all forms of discrimination against women, our vendor code of conduct defines standards to ensure that working conditions in our entire supply chain are safe, that workers are treated with respect and dignity, and that our manufacturing processes are environmentally responsible. we believe in these standards, and are committed to providing assistance and training to our partners so that together we can meet them. social responsibility has always been a fundamental value and focus at black diamond. as a founding member of the outdoor industry association's fair labor working group in 2005, we helped to tackle the need for greater education of best practices in social compliance in the outdoor industry, drafting the oia's first fair labor toolkit used by companies throughout the outdoor industry to establish social compliance programs. historically, we relied on this toolkit and our vendor code of conduct to carry out routine social compliance audits of our partners. this has since given way to our current model of unannounced, third-party social audits to check in and review how our partners are performing.  these professional audits provide a snapshot of a factory's working conditions, management systems and compliance with local and international labor laws.  we use the audit reports to highlight areas for improvement and to create corrective action plans. like the rest of us, our partners are not perfect; these audits provide specific direction for continuous progress. advocacy “a leader is one who knows the way, goes the way, and shows the way."—john c. maxwell as part of our commitment to promote social and environmental responsibility, we support dozens of conservation, education and recreation groups dedicated to protecting, preserving and ensuring public access to the wild lands we love. we also believe that businesses have a role to play in shaping the discourse on social and environmental responsibility. we endeavor to lead by example by reducing the environmental impacts of our products, engaging in public advocacy, and bending our business towards sustainability over the long term. campus initiatives while there are many ways to give back to and promote conservation, at black diamond we prefer to lead by example and walk our talk. from chemical management programs to energy efficiency to employee transportation, we are constantly looking at new ways to reduce our footprint. learn more about some of the efforts going on across our global campuses below. processing/recycling in 2009, we initiated a closed-loop anodization process at black diamond asia that reuses and recycles 2000 tons of wastewater. one of the first processes of its kind in asia, it delivered a dramatic improvement over traditional anodization practices where wastewater is dumped back into the water table. similarly, all of the wastewater from our tumble and polish process (used in the manufacturing of everything from carabiners to crampons) is recycled. black diamond also boils off water from oil/water mixes used in production and sends the oil out to be recycled. all of our scrap metal and excess cardboard from the salt lake city, utah and zhuhai, china manufacturing facilities is recycled. we purchase cardboard containing an average of 35% post-consumer recycled material, saving approximately 370 trees from being cut down. during the baseline year in salt lake city, black diamond and waste management recycled an estimated 25 tons of black diamond's waste—approximately 60% of the organization's total solid waste stream. this included approximately 138 tons of cardboard, 43 tons of metals, 28 tons of paper, 26 tons of plastics and 1,776 lbs of computer waste. this recycling effort amounted to a reduction in greenhouse gas emissions of approximately 510 tons co2—roughly equivalent to not driving 720,000 miles each year. our european office also does its part to encourage personal recycling. at both the office and the warehouse, all waste is separated down into minute categories for recycling. from paper, to cardboard, to cans, to plastic, to individual glass separated by color, black diamond europe leads by example. for the past two years, black diamond europe has also organized chasin' the rubbish in fontainebleau, france. over the four-day easter holiday, the black diamond team, black diamond athletes and numerous boulderers come together to clean up rubbish and raise awareness about adopting respectful attitudes toward nature and rock.  with 1.2 million climbers visiting fountainbleau each year, the area can get littered with trash. this four-day activity helps keep the remarkable area as clean as it is stunning. energy black diamond is a blue sky program "champion level" participant, purchasing 180,000 kwh of blue sky wind power offsets each year. twenty percent of the power used at our salt lake city office—home to our headquarters and manufacturing facilities—is wind generated, a significant amount for a manufacturing operation with laser cutters, cncs, edm wire cutters, big automated equipment, heat treating, and more. we also have a 2,200 watt solar photovoltaic system that generates approximately 3,000 kwh of electricity each year, supplying roughly 7% of the retail store's electricity needs. all together, our energy conservation and renewable energy efforts eliminate over 220 tons of co2 greenhouse gas emissions annually, equivalent to not driving over 320,000 miles each year. our newly expanded & renovated 12,000 square feet of space in the slc headquarters is extremely energy efficient: if this expansion/renovation was a free-standing building it would qualify for leed certification. it will draw an impressively low level of power and water, and was constructed with many recycled and new high-tech super insulative materials. rhenus logistics - europe warehouse the new rhenus warehouse meets dgnb standards (deutsches gütesiegel für nachhaltiges bauen - german product certification for sustainable construction). making use of passive polar heating and cooling, the buildings require no additional energy to power air conditioning or cooling of the buildings. a green roof also contributes to energy savings. this roof is constructed over an area totaling 10,400 m2 on top of the temperature-controlled warehouses and provides cooling in summer and retains heat in the building during winter. transportation black diamond employees in salt lake city commuted an estimated 410,000 miles via carpool, bus, trax, bicycle and foot during the baseline year, or approximately 34% of the year's total commute miles. these actions reduced greenhouse gasses by an estimated 190 tons co2. each year black diamond participates in the clear air challenge here in salt lake city. in 2010, team black diamond eliminated 1259 trips and 8659 miles as part of the clean air challenge. check out the latest at cleartheairchallenge.org the bd asia global distribution center is a 70,000-square-foot warehouse attached to our bd-operated manufacturing and office facilities, and allows us to aggregate the shipping of all of the bd goods made by or for us throughout asia. this means fewer shipments, greater efficiency, higher inventory turns and a blessing for our global distributors and key retailers. it also greatly reduces the size of our global shipping energy footprint. the product manufactured by our subsidiary in china is sea-freighted to our europe warehouse in basel. the product is first transported by container ship to rotterdam and then transferred to canal barges. the co2 footprint is several times lower than for air-freighted product. groups we support recognizing the important work of those before us, and committed to preserving the environment for the generations to come, black diamond, inc. supports numerous organizations and efforts to preserve the places where we climb, ski and trek. in addition to financial support, we also offer consulting services, employee volunteers, product and publicity to ensure the effectiveness of these groups far into the future. the access fund dedicated to preserving access to climbing areas across the nation, the access fund lobbies on behalf of one million rock climbers and mountaineers in america. in 2002, black diamond received the “sharp end” award, which acknowledges leadership and activism in preserving climbing access and the climbing environment. black diamond contributes cash, time and product to the access fund—and assists all employees in becoming members by matching membership fees. www.accessfund.org (303) 545-6772 adirondack mountain club (adk) the adirondack mountain club (adk) is a nonprofit membership organization that protects wild lands and waters through a balanced approach of conservation and advocacy, environmental education, and responsible recreation. www.adk.org (518) 618-4447 american alpine club generations of climbers have benefited from the work of the aac. join today to get global rescue service, the american alpine journal, accidents in north american mountaineering, hut discounts, and more.  membership also supports the country's largest grants program for climbers, as well as vital conservation and advocacy initiatives that protect the places we climb. discover the aac for yourself at one of their events, like the annual craggin' classic. www.americanalpineclub.org (303) 384-0110 american mountain guides association the american mountain guides association is a non-profit organization that represents the interests of american mountain guides by providing support, education and standards. black diamond is a diamond partner of the amga, and provides scholarships to every candidate in the rock discipline exams—including several full-tuition scholarships. www.amga.com (303) 271-0974 the conservation alliance the conservation alliance is an organization of outdoor businesses whose collective contributions support grassroots environmental organizations and their eﬀorts to protect wild places where outdoor enthusiasts recreate. alliance funds have played a key role in protecting rivers, trails, wilderness and climbing areas throughout north america. since its inception in 1989, the alliance has contributed more than $7 million to grassroots environmental groups. alliance funding has helped save over 39 million acres of wilderness; stop or remove 27 dams; and preserve access to more than 16,000 miles of waterways and several climbing areas. www.conservationalliance.com (541) 389-2424 friends of forest service utah avalanche center black diamond is the largest private contributor to any forecast center in the usa. black diamond employees have served on the friends of the utah center's board, we donate our offices to the uac for meetings, and we have lobbied other businesses, congressmen, senators and forest service officials on behalf of the uac. host to the uac annual fall fundraiser, last year black diamond provided the financial support to bring together over 700 backcountry skiers and raise over $35,000. www.utahavalanchecenter.com (801) 364-1581 hera's climb for life foundation hera (health, empowerment, research and advocacy) is a unique foundation that gives at least 90% of money raised directly to ovarian cancer research and to aide women battling the disease. black diamond is the primary sponsor for hera's climb for life, an annual event held on our campus. in 2002, sixty people participated in the event in slc, while another 375 people raised money at their own crags and gyms across the country. www.herafoundation.org (970) 948-7360 leave no trace the member-driven leave no trace center for outdoor ethics teaches people of all ages how to enjoy the outdoors responsibly, and is the most widely accepted outdoor ethics program used on public lands. through relevant and targeted education, research and outreach, the center ensures the long-term health of our natural world. in its simplest form, leave no trace is about making good decisions to protect the world around you—the world we all enjoy. lnt.org (800) 332-4100 mugs stump award the mugs stump award provides low-impact, environmentally-conscious alpine climbers the opportunity to realize their dreams. with financial backing and an ongoing presence in our catalogs, black diamond encourages all climbers to apply for the award and to move toward a low-impact vision in the mountains. www.mugsstumpaward.com outdoor industry foundation the outdoor foundation is a not-for-profit organization dedicated to inspiring and growing future generations of outdoor enthusiasts. through ground-breaking research, action-oriented convening and outreach and education programs, the foundation is working with partners to mobilize a major cultural shift that leads all americans to the great outdoors. www.outdoorfoundation.org (303) 444-3353 outdoor outreach outdoor outreach's mission is to empower at-risk and underprivileged youth to make positive lasting changes in their lives through comprehensive outdoor programming. we use outdoor activities to provide youth with the support, resources and opportunities they need to become successful adults. www.outdooroutreach.org (619) 238-5790 southern utah wilderness alliance (suwa) suwa's goal is to protect utah's remaining nine millon acres of wild desert lands. last year alone, suwa defeated two anti-wilderness proposals that would have allowed development and motorized recreation in vast stretches of our desert. in addition to being a corporate sponsor of suwa, black diamond matches employee membership fees, organizes slide shows and other events on behalf of suwa and has paid for employees to travel to washington d.c. to lobby on suwa's behalf. www.suwa.org (801) 486-3161 surfrider foundation a grassroots non-profit environmental organization, dedicated to the protection and enjoyment of the world’s oceans, waves and beaches. www.surfrider.org (949) 492-8170 utah nature conservancy the nature conservancy is a leading conservation organization working around the world to protect ecologically important lands and waters for nature and people. the conservancy and its more than 1 million members have protected nearly 120 million acres worldwide. www.nature.org (435) 259-4629 salt lake climbers alliance the wasatch mountains are a climber's paradise. located within minutes of salt lake city, these mountains host an incredible variety of climbing terrain. from long, multi-pitch routes in alpine settings to a lifetime of bouldering, it can all be found in the wasatch. the salt lake climbers alliance is dedicated to promoting climbing opportunities, preserving local access for climbers and encouraging good stewardship of both our climbing areas and the surrounding environment. www.saltlakeclimbers.org youth outdoors legacy fund the youth outdoor legacy fund is focused on outreach programs around the united states and is supported by generous private donors as well as outdoor industry leaders, including black diamond. the fund is being administered through the seattle foundation (www.seattlefoundation.org), a highly respected and professionally managed community foundation. grant making is overseen by the youth outdoors legacy fund advisory board. yolf was created in 2005 with the vision to engage young people in outdoor recreation while at the same time preparing them to be our future outdoor advocates. www.youthoutdoorslegacyfund.com (206) 713-1821 second tier aiming to further our sport, these organizations are the backbone of america's climbing communities. black diamond supports these organizations on a smaller scale with financial support and product contributions. friends of alta www.friendsofalta.org (801) 742-9719 greater yellowstone coalition www.greateryellowstone.org (406) 586-1593 montana wilderness society www.wilderness.org (406) 586-1600 red rock forest www.redrockforests.org (435) 259-5640 summit county land conservancy www.summitlandconservancy.org (435) 649-0220 tabvar www.tabvar.org utah rivers council www.utahrivers.org/ (801) 486-4776 winter wildlands alliance www.winterwildlands.org (208) 336-4203 third tier through volunteer time, product donation or providing access to facilities, black diamond supports the following organizations as part of our local and extended community outreach. climber's access society of british columbia www.access-society.ca/about high uinta preservation council www.hupc.org (435) 245-6747 no more homeless pets in utah www.utahpets.org (866) utah-pets rocky mountain field institute www.rmfi.org (719) 471-7736 save our canyons www.saveourcanyons.org (801) 363-7283 utah open lands www.utahopenlands.org (801) 463-6156 weber pathways trail map www.weberpathways.org (801) 393-2304 company about us press releases investor relations marketing assets sustainability guide services retail store mountain project app jobs careers frequently asked questions us job openings europe job openings asia job openings join mailing list get the latest news, product info and promotions from black diamond equipment. © 2014 black diamond equipment, ltd | terms & conditions | privacy policy | site map page does not contain any content.