来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20141231140610/http://blackdiamondequipment.com/en/experience-home
================================================================================

black diamond equipment experience menu change country/language americas argentina canada chile colombia ecuador mexico peru united states europe andorra english french austria english german belgium english german french bulgaria english croatia english czech republic english denmark english estonia english finland english france english french germany english german greece english hungary english iceland english ireland english italy english latvia english lithuania english luxembourg english german french netherlands english norway english poland english portugal english romania english serbia english slovakia english slovenia english spain english sweden english switzerland english german french turkey english united kingdom english asia pacific australia hong kong indonesia japan english japanese malaysia new zealand russia singapore south korea africa south africa company company about us community press releases investor relations marketing assets sustainability guide services retail store athletes jobs careers frequently asked questions us job openings europe job openings asia job openings customer service customer service general information warranty/repairs returns product recalls shipping policies frequently asked questions check egift card balance privacy policy terms of use pro purchase credentials (800) 775-5552 find retailer egift cards buy an egift card check egift card balance my account cart0 shop experience search catalog search men's apparel new apparel all apparel jackets / shells insulation fleece shirts / hoodies hats / t-shirts pants / shorts gloves women's apparel new apparel all apparel jackets / shells insulation fleece tops / shirts pants / shorts gloves / hats climbing top rated belay / rappel big wall bouldering carabiners / quickdraws chalk / chalk bags climbing gloves climbing packs crampons dogbones / runners harnesses helmets ice axes / piolets ice protection lighting rock protection technical ice tools via ferrata spare parts skiing top rated jetforce avalanche airbags pieps avalanche beacons avalung bindings boots lighting ski poles snow gloves snow safety skins skis snow packs spare parts hiking/trekking top rated accessories gaiters gloves lighting packs tents / bivys trekking poles spare parts featured new web specials search catalog search shop men's apparel new apparel all apparel jackets / shells insulation fleece shirts / hoodies hats / t-shirts pants / shorts gloves women's apparel new apparel all apparel jackets / shells insulation fleece tops / shirts pants / shorts gloves / hats climbing top rated belay / rappel big wall bouldering carabiners / quickdraws chalk / chalk bags climbing gloves climbing packs crampons dogbones / runners harnesses helmets ice axes / piolets ice protection lighting rock protection technical ice tools via ferrata spare parts skiing top rated jetforce avalanche airbags pieps avalanche beacons avalung bindings boots lighting ski poles snow gloves snow safety skins skis snow packs spare parts hiking/trekking top rated accessories gaiters gloves lighting packs tents / bivys trekking poles spare parts featured new web specials egift cards experience (800) 775-5552 find retailer company customer service my account search catalog search topic: all trip reports culture qc lab events athletes advocacy filter by activity: all skiing climbing topic: all all trip reports culture qc lab events athletes advocacy filter by activity: all all skiing climbing 195 results 1 2 3 4 5 > >> the black diamond experience welcome to the black diamond experience, an organic presentation of inspirational stories, photos and videos from our athletes, employees and partners. the black diamond experience is where we showcase climbing, skiing and hiking adventures from around the world, plus event news, advocacy efforts and product and technology highlights—all in one dynamic smorgasbord of stoke. enjoy. bd athlete will gadd climbs niagara falls in a headline-grabbing first, will gadd and sarah hueniken made the first ascent of the most iconic waterfall in north america. read full story » dancing on a different stage sabina allemann, once a professional ballerina, tests her grace and strength. read full story » angel collinson and the year of women's skiing black diamond athlete angel collinson had a big year in 2014. but she wasn't the only one. read full story » the hallucinogen wall "climbers looked at it and said, 'you'd have to be hallucinating to see a route up there,'" hallucinogen wall first ascensionist jim newberry recalls. upping the ante, black diamond athletes nik berry and hayden kennedy sought to climb it free. read full story » committed #2: the rock project the access fund's executive director, brady robinson, dissects the changing face of conservation. read full story » the dawn wall goes free on january 14, 2015, tommy caldwell and kevin jorgeson made the successful free ascent of the dawn wall, the hardest big wall free climb in the world. read full story » from the archives: dawn wall 2009 a look back at the 2009 chapter of tommy caldwell and kevin jorgeson's dawn wall saga. read full story » ice climber's guide: ouray ice park colorado rock & ice and black diamond present a navigational guide to the ouray ice park. read full story » angel collinson on fear in skiing and the city the collinson siblings are used to facing their fears in the mountains. but this year they had to look fear square in the eye while on tour with teton gravity research in the big city. read full story » eating and skiing wrangell st. elias's slotterhouse noah howell joins thomas gaisbacher, garrett grove, jonah howell and andrew mclean to ski tight chutes in the us's largest national park. read full story » the diary of a first ascent: chapter ii florian haenel, chris kalman and austin siadak explore the walls that ring chile's cochamó valley, finding that nothing is as it first appears. read full story » a question of determination: the gender gap in argentina, the mountains' close proximity does not always mean easy access, especially for women. brigid mander explores the cultural factors that affect the female faction of argentina's greatest skiers. read full story » the diary of a first ascent: chapter i florian haenel, chris kalman and austin siadak explore the walls that ring chile's cochamó valley, finding that nothing is as it first appears. read full story » the nosewipe: a camp vi cleanse camp vi on el cap's nose is notorious for being a trash repository. this fall, during the annual yosemite facelift, black diamond athlete sam elias and employee dave campbell joined national park service members in an effort to clean up the trash pile that had, over many years, wedged itself into the camp's crack. they pulled out more than 150 pounds of trash, including a sardine can from the 70s, a perfectly usable belay seat and a pair of soiled underwear. read full story » ines papert: reflection after years of dominating the competition circuit, ines papert now dedicates her time to exploring new locations and putting up first ascents of cutting-edge ice and mixed climbs all over the world. read full story » rjukan, norway: the new water energy in southern norway sits the town of rjukan, a place whose history lies in the waterfalls that tumble from its cliffs. each winter an abundance of ice routes form, and every spring the lines thaw, a cycle that powered hydroelectricity stations until the '90s. now that the stations have closed their doors, the ice climbers of norway have become the new water energy. read full story » black diamond ambassador josh wharton and the black binder josh wharton, who has climbed in the black canyon of the gunnison for more than 15 years, has a binder full of black canyon ascents. his chronicle was only lacking a free ascent of the hallucinogen wall, a 13-pitch aid route. read full story » the human factor: chapter five despite hours of training and years of experience, it happens. somewhere between digging pits and assessing terrain traps a lapse in good judgment occurs, and avalanches entrap even the most experienced skiers. and we are left asking, why? in the fifth and final chapter of a series exploring five separate slides, the editors of powder elucidate the human factor. read full story » bd athlete johnny collinson: pillows and pow in british colu after a ski mountaineering trip in europe, johnny collinson had just six hours to prepare for a trip to british columbia. but the quick turnaround paid off, and he found pillow heaven. "that everyday struggle becomes so worth it when you’re standing at the top of the first line." read full story » the human factor: chapter four despite hours of training and years of experience, it happens. somewhere between digging pits and assessing terrain traps a lapse in good judgment occurs, and avalanches entrap even the most experienced skiers. and we are left asking, why? in the fourth chapter of a five-part series exploring five separate slides, the editors of powder elucidate the human factor. read full story » skipping bolts on little cottonwood canyon's hardest lines every climber has their own opinion about bolts: where they should be, where they shouldn’t be and whether or not they should be removed. but peter vintoniv just climbs around them and goes on with his day. read full story » a question of risk: drew hardesty in the seventh installment to our video series on risk, utah avalanche center forecaster, jenny lake climbing ranger and skier drew hardesty talks risk and how the euphoria of powder can change your life. read full story » wrestling pebbles and giving back in south africa's rockland bd athlete kaddi lehmann took a trip to rocklands, south africa, where she became both a teacher of climbing and a student of dance. read full story » the human factor: chapter three despite hours of training and years of experience, it happens. somewhere between digging pits and assessing terrain traps a lapse in good judgment occurs, and avalanches entrap even the most experienced skiers. and we are left asking, why? in the third chapter of a five-part series exploring five separate slides, the editors of powder elucidate the human factor. read full story » a question of risk: bruce tremper in this installment of our video series on risk, utah avalanche center director, author of staying alive in avalanche terrain and skier bruce tremper talks about risk from the perspective of someone who manages it everyday. read full story » joe kinder: 30 days in norway the legendary hanshelleren cave in flatanger, norway, gained worldwide attention in the climbing community when adam ondra established two of the world's hardest routes there: change (5.15c) and move (5.15b). this year joe kinder decided that he had to see the cave for himself. in the first installment of this two-part series, he projects hard climbs, forages for food and remarks at the inconceivably high price of beer in norway. read full story » the human factor: chapter two despite hours of training and years of experience, it happens. somewhere between digging pits and assessing terrain traps a lapse in good judgment occurs, and avalanches entrap even the most experienced skiers. and we are left asking, why? in the second chapter of a five-part series exploring five separate slides, the editors of powder elucidate the human factor. read full story » the rock project: sign the pact building toward a series of events launching in spring 2015, the access fund's rock project kicks off with the pact: a pledge to uphold good climbing ethics, protect the mountain environments where we climb and ensure continued access to the cliffs and crags we love. we invite you to join us, and sign the pact. read full story » black diamond athlete mason earle on 24hhh arkansas's 24 hours of horseshoe hell is notorious for its wacky team names, bomber sandstone and wild after parties. despite having an aversion for competitions, black diamond athlete mason earle, along with teammate nik berry, took the 24hhh by storm this year, shit talking alex honnold, grunting through 5.8 cruxes and winning the team division while setting a new high score. read full story » the human factor: chapter one despite hours of training and years of experience, it happens. somewhere between digging pits and assessing terrain traps a lapse in good judgment occurs, and avalanches entrap even the most experienced skiers. and we are left asking, why? in the first chapter of a five-part series exploring five separate slides, the editors of powder elucidate the human factor. read full story » stairway to heaven: mugs stump award recipients on mt. johns this may mugs stump award recipients kevin cooper and ryan jennings completed their long-standing dream of climbing mt. johnson's north face. it was the climb of both of their lives. read full story » working for it: noah howell explores the tushars as the snowflakes finally fly, noah howell thinks back to last may when he was cursing the brush and ripping across corn. at the end of it all, he nominates his approach to utah's mount baldy as the worst bushwhack ever. read full story » bouldering in namibia: nils favre's quest for quality namibia has its share of wildlife and sand dunes, but, until recently, it remained lacking in quality bouldering problems. this year a belgian-swiss team arrived in the south african country, seeking a trip off the beaten path. read full story » two years of skiing with black diamond athlete johnny collin over the past two winters, black diamond athlete johnny collinson has skied his way through india, bolivia, british columbia and alaska. with the help of sherpas cinema, he presents a compilation of the best moments from the last two seasons of powder, cliff hucks and big mountains. read full story » bd athlete brittany griffith bolts in lebanon's tannourine not too long ago, bd athlete brittany griffith couldn’t even locate lebanon on a map. now, along with will nazarian, griffith is busy bolting an area that has the potential for 600 to 700 routes. “i got a real feel and appreciation for how much work goes into it,” griffith says of the establishment process. read full story » 195 results 1 2 3 4 5 > >> join mailing list get the latest news, product info and promotions from black diamond equipment. © 2015 black diamond equipment, ltd | terms & conditions | privacy policy | site map page does not contain any content.