来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20141231140610/http://blackdiamondequipment.com/en/privacy-policy.html
================================================================================

black diamond privacy policy menu change country/language americas argentina canada chile colombia ecuador mexico peru united states europe andorra english french austria english german belgium english german french bulgaria english croatia english czech republic english denmark english estonia english finland english france english french germany english german greece english hungary english iceland english ireland english italy english latvia english lithuania english luxembourg english german french netherlands english norway english poland english portugal english romania english serbia english slovakia english slovenia english spain english sweden english switzerland english german french turkey english united kingdom english asia pacific australia hong kong indonesia japan english japanese malaysia new zealand russia singapore south korea africa south africa company company about us community press releases investor relations marketing assets sustainability guide services retail store athletes jobs careers frequently asked questions us job openings europe job openings asia job openings customer service customer service general information warranty/repairs returns product recalls shipping policies frequently asked questions check egift card balance privacy policy terms of use pro purchase credentials (800) 775-5552 find retailer egift cards buy an egift card check egift card balance my account cart0 shop experience search catalog search men's apparel new apparel all apparel jackets / shells insulation fleece shirts / hoodies hats / t-shirts pants / shorts gloves women's apparel new apparel all apparel jackets / shells insulation fleece tops / shirts pants / shorts gloves / hats climbing top rated belay / rappel big wall bouldering carabiners / quickdraws chalk / chalk bags climbing gloves climbing packs crampons dogbones / runners harnesses helmets ice axes / piolets ice protection lighting rock protection technical ice tools via ferrata spare parts skiing top rated jetforce avalanche airbags pieps avalanche beacons avalung bindings boots lighting ski poles snow gloves snow safety skins skis snow packs spare parts hiking/trekking top rated accessories gaiters gloves lighting packs tents / bivys trekking poles spare parts featured new web specials search catalog search shop men's apparel new apparel all apparel jackets / shells insulation fleece shirts / hoodies hats / t-shirts pants / shorts gloves women's apparel new apparel all apparel jackets / shells insulation fleece tops / shirts pants / shorts gloves / hats climbing top rated belay / rappel big wall bouldering carabiners / quickdraws chalk / chalk bags climbing gloves climbing packs crampons dogbones / runners harnesses helmets ice axes / piolets ice protection lighting rock protection technical ice tools via ferrata spare parts skiing top rated jetforce avalanche airbags pieps avalanche beacons avalung bindings boots lighting ski poles snow gloves snow safety skins skis snow packs spare parts hiking/trekking top rated accessories gaiters gloves lighting packs tents / bivys trekking poles spare parts featured new web specials egift cards experience (800) 775-5552 find retailer company customer service my account search catalog search home / customer service / privacy policy privacy policy your browser's javascript functionality is turned off. please turn it on so that you can experience the full capabilities of this site. your privacy is important to us at black diamond. we understand that you provide private information in the course of doing business with us online, by mail and by telephone. so that you understand how we operate to protect this information, the following is a description of our policies on collecting and protecting the information you provide to us. other information related to the terms of use of this website are also provided. your personal information personal information is gathered by black diamond for the sole benefit of black diamond. black diamond does not sell, rent or provide your "personal information" to third parties, except as described below. personal information as used herein refers to data and facts about you which include, but are not limited to, your name, age, address, email address, financial information (account or credit card numbers), income level, phone number, etc. personal information is personal to you in that it belongs to you and identifies who you are. there are a variety of pathways, electronic and otherwise, by which any single element of these data can point to you personally. personal information does not include your ip address as defined below. personal information is generally kept for black diamond business which is primarily used to assist you in your current or future communications and/or transactions or in analyzing sales trends. personal information is primarily obtained from a form required to be completed when customers request information, products or services, including subscribing to our email list.   personal information that is collected by black diamond is used to bill the user for products and services, and to ship those products. personal information is used to send orders, information about our company, and promotional material to our customers. personal information is also used to get in touch with the customer when necessary. users may opt-out of receiving future mailings by following the directions in those mailings. black diamond may use online surveys which ask visitors for personal information which usually includes contact information (typically the customer's email address) and demographic information (like their zip code, age, or income level). we would potentially use personal information gathered from such surveys to send the user promotional material from black diamond.  black diamond may also run contests on our site in which we ask visitors for selected personal information such as contact information (typically the customer's email address) and demographic information (like their zip code, age, or income level). we would potentially use personal information gathered from such contests to send users promotional material from black diamond. the customer's personal information is also used to contact the visitor when necessary (i.e. when someone wins a contest.). demographic and profile data is also collected at our site. we use this data to tailor our visitor's experience at our site, showing them content that we think they might be interested in, and displaying the content according to their preferences. cookies and ip addresses black diamond also collects, uses, and monetizes ip addresses. an ip address is a convention of the internet protocol that identifies your "virtual" address on the internet. this ip address is not personal to you and does not identify any of your personal information. all devices connected to a network have an ip address permitting communication to and from the device. if you connect to the internet from your computer, then you have an ip address that looks something like this: 209.17.654.152. in the simplest possible terms, your ip address contains no data that identifies you as a person. it is only a logical address allowing you to connect to others and others to locate your computer. an ip address can be used variously as set forth herein. we could potentially use an ip address to help diagnose problems with our server, and to administer our website. the ip address may be used to help identify you and your shopping cart and to gather broad demographic information. our site uses cookies to keep track of your shopping cart. we may use cookies for other purposes such as site personalization as well. you can reject cookies and still use the black diamond site, however, it will disable the ability for the site to recognize your cart, your account and any personalization efforts. black diamond may monetize or otherwise provide anonymous ip addresses to third parties. black diamond sometimes employs other companies and individuals to perform functions on our behalf. examples of such may include hosting our website, providing marketing assistance, providing search results and links, retargeted advertising, analyzing data, etc. these third parties have access only to ip addresses, no personal information is provided to them. external links this site contains links to other sites. black diamond is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such websites. your rights and obligations with respect to content and material submitted by you any comments, reviews, posts, feedback, questions, answers, notes, messages, images, video, audio, materials, ideas, suggestions or other communications you submit to black diamond are not private or proprietary. by submitting user content on or through black diamond, you grant black diamond an irrevocable, royalty-free, worldwide, perpetual right and license to use, copy, modify, display, archive, store, distribute, reproduce and create derivative works based upon such user content, in any form, media, software or technology of any kind now existing or developed in the future. by submitting such user content on or through black diamond, you are confirming that (a) you are the sole author of the user content and the user content originated with you and was not copied in whole or in part from any other work; (b) you have obtained all necessary permissions associated with the user content, including without limitation permissions relating to copyrights, trademarks, rights of publicity and/or rights of privacy; (c) the user content does not contain hate speech or profanity and is not libelous, obscene or otherwise in violation of this agreement, and (d) that you are not a minor and have the legal right and capacity to enter into and comply with these terms. by submitting any such user content on or through black diamond, you grant black diamond permission to use your name, alias and any other information (as provided by you) to attribute such user content to you. without limiting the generality of the previous sentence, and subject to our privacy policy, you authorize black diamond and its affiliates to share the user content across all affiliated web sites, and to use your name and any other information in connection with its use of such user content. you also grant black diamond and its affiliates the right to use any material, information, ideas, concepts, know-how or techniques contained in such user content. we are not responsible for the similarity of any of our content or programming in any media to user content submitted by you. any and all rights granted in this section are granted without the need for any compensation to you in any form. user content does not reflect the views of black diamond, and black diamond does not represent or guarantee the truthfulness, accuracy, completeness, timeliness or reliability of any user content, nor endorses or supports any opinions expressed in any user content. in no event shall black diamond have or be construed to have any responsibility or liability for or in connection with any user content. if we determine, in our sole discretion, you or any user content you submit violates this agreement, we reserve the right, at any time, without notice and without limiting any and all other rights we may have under this agreement, to (a) refuse to allow you to submit further user content, (b) remove and delete your user content, (c) revoke your registration and right to use the user content submission features and (d) use any technological, legal, operational or other means available to enforce the terms of this agreement, including, without limitation, blocking specific ip addresses or deactivating your registration, access using your e-mail address, your user name and password. black diamond does not endorse the user content, is not responsible for the user content and specifically disclaims any responsibility or liability to any person or entity (including, without limitation, persons who may use or rely on such user content) for any loss, damage (whether actual, consequential, punitive or otherwise), injury, claim, liability or other cause of any kind or character based upon or resulting from any user content provided through this web site. how secure is information about me? we work to protect the security of your personal information during any transmission of same by using software which encrypts information you input. we do not reveal the entirety of your credit card numbers when confirming an order. of course, we transmit the entire credit card number to the appropriate credit card company during order processing. it is important for you to protect against unauthorized access to your password and to your computer. be sure to sign off when finished using a shared computer. opting out of communications from black diamond you may elect not to receive on-line or off-line communication from us. to stop receiving black diamond email or catalogs, manage your email settings in my account. changes to our privacy policy black diamond will potentially update this privacy policy from time to time. we will contact anyone on our email list when there are fundamental changes that will possibly affect the way you interact with us. how to contact black diamond if you have any questions or concerns about privacy, please feel free to contact us. to do so you can send an email to bdmo@bdel.com. you can contact us by regular mail at: black diamond equipment, ltd. attn: mail order 2084 east 3900 south salt lake city, ut 84124 you can call us at (801) 278-5552. customer service general information warranty/repairs returns product recalls shipping policies frequently asked questions check egift card balance privacy policy terms of use pro purchase credentials join mailing list get the latest news, product info and promotions from black diamond equipment. © 2015 black diamond equipment, ltd | terms & conditions | privacy policy | site map page does not contain any content.