来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20161230174950/http://blackdiamondequipment.com/en/experience-home?fid=advocacy
================================================================================

black diamond equipment experience menu we ship to: united states canada austria belgium czech republic denmark finland france germany italy luxembourg norway poland slovenia spain sweden switzerland netherlands united kingdom global english change language: français english deutsch company company about us community marketing assets sustainability guide services retail store athlete profiles jobs careers frequently asked questions us job openings europe job openings asia job openings customer service customer service contact us warranty/repairs returns product recalls us and ca shipping policies international shipping payment types frequently asked questions check egift card balance privacy policy terms of use pro purchase credentials (800) 775-5552 find retailer egift cards buy an egift card check egift card balance account login registered customers close if you are a registered user, please enter your email and password or create an account email address* password* forgot password? remember me login my account cart0 search catalog search men's new apparel all apparel jackets / shells insulation fleece shirts / hoodies hats / t-shirts / belts pants / shorts gloves outlet women's new apparel all apparel jackets / shells insulation fleece tops / shirts pants / shorts gloves / hats / belts outlet climbing top rated belay / rappel big wall bouldering / crash pads carabiners / quickdraws chalk bags / chalk climbing gloves climbing packs climbing ropes crampons dogbones / runners harnesses helmets ice axes / piolets ice protection lighting / headlamps rock protection technical ice tools via ferrata spare parts skiing top rated jetforce avalanche airbags pieps avalanche beacons bindings climbing skins lighting / headlamps ski poles snow gloves snow packs snow safety skis spare parts hiking/trekking top rated accessories gaiters gloves lighting / headlamps packs tents / bivys trekking poles spare parts outlet experience bdtv technology jetforce technology first light technology camalot ultralight technology helio collection experience stories trip reports culture qc lab events athletes advocacy community athlete profiles rock project search catalog search men's new apparel all apparel jackets / shells insulation fleece shirts / hoodies hats / t-shirts / belts pants / shorts gloves outlet new apparel all apparel jackets / shells insulation fleece shirts / hoodies hats / t-shirts / belts pants / shorts gloves outlet women's new apparel all apparel jackets / shells insulation fleece tops / shirts pants / shorts gloves / hats / belts outlet new apparel all apparel jackets / shells insulation fleece tops / shirts pants / shorts gloves / hats / belts outlet climbing top rated belay / rappel big wall bouldering / crash pads carabiners / quickdraws chalk bags / chalk climbing gloves climbing packs climbing ropes crampons dogbones / runners harnesses helmets ice axes / piolets ice protection lighting / headlamps rock protection technical ice tools via ferrata spare parts top rated belay / rappel big wall bouldering / crash pads carabiners / quickdraws chalk bags / chalk climbing gloves climbing packs climbing ropes crampons dogbones / runners harnesses helmets ice axes / piolets ice protection lighting / headlamps rock protection technical ice tools via ferrata spare parts skiing top rated jetforce avalanche airbags pieps avalanche beacons bindings climbing skins lighting / headlamps ski poles snow gloves snow packs snow safety skis spare parts top rated jetforce avalanche airbags pieps avalanche beacons bindings climbing skins lighting / headlamps ski poles snow gloves snow packs snow safety skis spare parts hiking/trekking top rated accessories gaiters gloves lighting / headlamps packs tents / bivys trekking poles spare parts top rated accessories gaiters gloves lighting / headlamps packs tents / bivys trekking poles spare parts featured new outlet outlet egift cards experience bdtv introducing bdtv episode 1: one seven eight episode 2: the forecaster episode 3: a simple machine bdtv spring 16 trailer episode 4: sharing the line episode 5: the width of life episode 6: the master of moves technology jetforce technology first light technology camalot ultralight technology helio collection experience stories trip reports culture qc lab events athletes advocacy community athlete profiles rock project change country --- change country --- united states canada austria belgium czech republic denmark finland france germany italy luxembourg norway poland slovenia spain sweden switzerland netherlands united kingdom global --- change language --- français english deutsch company(800) 775-5552 company about us community marketing assets sustainability guide services retail store athlete profiles jobs careers frequently asked questions us job openings europe job openings asia job openings customer service customer service contact us warranty/repairs returns product recalls us and ca shipping policies international shipping payment types frequently asked questions check egift card balance privacy policy terms of use pro purchase credentials find retailer my account topic: all trip reports culture qc lab events athletes advocacy filter by activity: all skiing climbing topic: all all trip reports culture qc lab events athletes advocacy filter by activity: all all skiing climbing 36 results 1 2 advocacy from the beginning, making a difference on behalf of our fellow community of users has been a core part of black diamond. today, we are more committed to those guiding principles than ever, protecting and preserving the recreation lands that we love so dearly by focusing on making our products, manufacturing processes, supply chain, facilities and marketing materials more sustainable and less impactful. equally important to us is our continued outspoken advocacy, led by ceo and founder peter metcalf, for conservation and access causes—locally, regionally and globally—as well as philanthropic support to grassroots conservation and access-focused nonprofit groups. to see our entire list of partners, visit the groups we support page. copp-dash inspired: whitney clark’s himalayan exploration whitney clark and crystal davis-robbins won the copp-dash inspire award for their vision to explore 6,000-meter peaks of kishtwar. this is their story. read full story » rock project: our athletes are committed and here's why as this year’s rock project tour comes to a successful close, our athletes and ambassadors explain why being involved in this movement is so important. read full story » yosemite facelift: the camp 4 scrub this fall, black diamond athletes and employees joined a record-breaking 750 people to participate in the 13th annual yosemite facelift, where we rapped for trash and gave the camp 4 boulders a well-deserved scrub. read full story » copp-dash inspired: craig muderlak’s alaskan adventure at black diamond, we’re passionate about empowering climbers to not only push their limits in the mountains, but to also share their stories of inspiration when they come home. that’s why we sponsor the copp-dash inspire award. established in the memory of jonny copp and micah dash—two leading alpinists, bd brothers and storytellers who lost their lives in the mountains in 2009—the award is a way to keep their vision alive. craig muderlak, a filmmaker, artist and climber, won the 2016 copp-dash award to document a rowdy plan to put up first ascents in alaska … but that was only half of the story. his team would also travel by homemade skis, burn ‘em to lose the weight and then pack raft back to civilization. this is his story, told with the help of artwork he created after his adventure. read full story » yosemite climber stewards repair medlicott trail in desperate need of some love, the trail to medlicott dome got a full rebuild thanks to over 200 hours of work put in by 26 volunteers from the yosemite climber stewards, nps rangers, yosar and the access fund. read full story » climbing in urban rio de janeiro the story of jonas silva, one of the most dedicated students in a climbing school located in the largest slum of rio de janeiro read full story » the action fund: taking responsibility black diamond brand advocate tyler wilcutt realized early in his climbing career that the hardware on many routes was not monitored by anyone but the members of the community who used it. and many of those users did not realize their own responsibility. so tyler took it upon himself to replace old gear, starting the action fund. read full story » the human factor: chapter two despite hours of training and years of experience, it happens. somewhere between digging pits and assessing terrain traps a lapse in good judgment occurs, and avalanches entrap even the most experienced skiers. and we are left asking, why? in the second chapter of a five-part series exploring five separate slides, the editors of powder elucidate the human factor. read full story » the human factor: chapter three despite hours of training and years of experience, it happens. somewhere between digging pits and assessing terrain traps a lapse in good judgment occurs, and avalanches entrap even the most experienced skiers. and we are left asking, why? in the third chapter of a five-part series exploring five separate slides, the editors of powder elucidate the human factor. read full story » the human factor: chapter four despite hours of training and years of experience, it happens. somewhere between digging pits and assessing terrain traps a lapse in good judgment occurs, and avalanches entrap even the most experienced skiers. and we are left asking, why? in the fourth chapter of a five-part series exploring five separate slides, the editors of powder elucidate the human factor. read full story » the human factor: chapter five despite hours of training and years of experience, it happens. somewhere between digging pits and assessing terrain traps a lapse in good judgment occurs, and avalanches entrap even the most experienced skiers. and we are left asking, why? in the fifth and final chapter of a series exploring five separate slides, the editors of powder elucidate the human factor. read full story » access panam and the patagonia waste management initiative black diamond is proud to support the crucial work of access panam in the development and execution of the pilot study for patagonia waste management initiative. this initiative is a multi-year project to develop a viable, long-term human waste solution in order to protect and preserve the environment of high-use basecamps and other areas of argentina’s parque nacional los glaciares, zona norte—home to the famed massifs of cerro torre and fitz roy. read full story » groups we support: mammoth medical missions black diamond is proud to support mammoth medical missions, a non-profit organization training and sending fast-response, minimalist medical teams to disaster areas, underserved populations and austere environments. read full story » we support: no more homeless pets in utah we take a large amount of pride in our history of outspoken advocacy for conservation and access causes, as well as in our support of conservation, education and recreation groups on the front lines. read full story » groups we support: utah clean energy we take great pride in our history of outspoken advocacy for conservation and access causes (locally, regionally and globally), as well as in our efforts to support conservation, education and recreation groups that are on the front-lines of protecting and preserving the wild lands we love and depend on, and this ongoing series will serve to highlight and promote these important groups. read full story » a question of risk: drew hardesty in the seventh installment to our video series on risk, utah avalanche center forecaster, jenny lake climbing ranger and skier drew hardesty talks risk and how the euphoria of powder can change your life. read full story » committed #3: save bouldering as europe's bouldering community grows, christian merlau is striving to provide education in order to preserve the fragile natural places boulderers impact. read full story » committed #4: our public lands in a climate where the sanctity of america's public lands is increasingly threatened, the trust for public land's ceo will rogers and black diamond's ceo and founder peter metcalf muse on their connection to the public lands we cherish. read full story » chasin’ the rubbish 3.0: cleaning up the forests of font this past spring, bd employees, athletes and climbers from all over europe congregated in the famous forests and sandstone blocs of fontainebleau, france, where over four days, they removed 300 kg of trash. read full story » committed #1: peter metcalf in the first of a new series of posts on conservation, creative environmental solutions and the commitment required to implement them, black diamond founder and ceo peter metcalf goes back to the beginning. read full story » committed #2: the rock project the access fund's executive director, brady robinson, dissects the changing face of conservation. read full story » the nosewipe: a camp vi cleanse camp vi on el cap's nose is notorious for being a trash repository. this fall, during the annual yosemite facelift, black diamond athlete sam elias and employee dave campbell joined national park service members in an effort to clean up the trash pile that had, over many years, wedged itself into the camp's crack. they pulled out more than 150 pounds of trash, including a sardine can from the 70s, a perfectly usable belay seat and a pair of soiled underwear. read full story » why support bears ears? the bears ears area of southeastern utah encompasses 1.9 million acres of unprotected archaeological and recreational sites—including the crack climbing of indian creek. help protect this vast and vulnerable desert landscape before it’s too late. read full story » black diamond athlete summit: project siurana in december 2015, a group of black diamond athletes and ambassadors traveled to siurana, spain, working with the local climbing community to clean up the crag. the group installed toilets, cleaned up trash, rebolted routes and, of course, went climbing. global athlete hazel findlay describes the experience. read full story » the rock project: sign the pact building toward a series of events launching in spring 2015, the access fund's rock project kicks off with the pact: a pledge to uphold good climbing ethics, protect the mountain environments where we climb and ensure continued access to the cliffs and crags we love. we invite you to join us, and sign the pact. read full story » black diamond turns twenty-five we celebrate 25 years of forging our future together. read full story » we support: utah avalanche center we take a large amount of pride in our history of outspoken advocacy for conservation and access causes, as well as in our support of conservation, education and recreation groups on the front lines. read full story » we support: american alpine club we take a large amount of pride in our history of outspoken advocacy for conservation and access causes, as well as in our support of conservation, education and recreation groups on the front lines. read full story » we support: american mountain guides association we take a large amount of pride in our history of outspoken advocacy for conservation and access causes, as well as in our support of conservation, education and recreation groups on the front lines. read full story » we support: colorado environmental coalition we take a large amount of pride in our history of outspoken advocacy for conservation and access causes, as well as in our support of conservation, education and recreation groups on the front lines. read full story » we support: the conservation alliance we take a large amount of pride in our history of outspoken advocacy for conservation and access causes, as well as in our support of conservation, education and recreation groups on the front lines. read full story » we support: hera climb4life we take a large amount of pride in our history of outspoken advocacy for conservation and access causes, as well as in our support of conservation, education and recreation groups on the front lines. read full story » we support: winter wildlands alliance we take a large amount of pride in our history of outspoken advocacy for conservation and access causes, as well as in our support of conservation, education and recreation groups on the front lines. read full story » we support: outdoor outreach we take a large amount of pride in our history of outspoken advocacy for conservation and access causes, as well as in our support of conservation, education and recreation groups on the front lines. read full story » we support: montana wilderness association we take a large amount of pride in our history of outspoken advocacy for conservation and access causes, as well as in our support of conservation, education and recreation groups on the front lines. read full story » free shipping - through january 31 join mailing list get the latest news, product info and promotions from black diamond equipment. company about us find a dealer pro credentials pro application recall info egift cards customer service product faqs payment types order status returns shipping policies warranty/repairs contact us (800) 775-5552 monday-friday 8am-5pm, mountain time bdmo@bdel.com free shipping - through january 31 company | customer service | (800) 775-5552 © 2016 black diamond equipment, ltd | terms & conditions | privacy policy | site map