来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20161230174950/http://blackdiamondequipment.com/en/experience-home?fid=tripreports
================================================================================

black diamond equipment experience menu we ship to: united states canada austria belgium czech republic denmark finland france germany italy luxembourg norway poland slovenia spain sweden switzerland netherlands united kingdom global english change language: français english deutsch company company about us community marketing assets sustainability guide services retail store athlete profiles jobs careers frequently asked questions us job openings europe job openings asia job openings customer service customer service contact us warranty/repairs returns product recalls us and ca shipping policies international shipping payment types frequently asked questions check egift card balance privacy policy terms of use pro purchase credentials (800) 775-5552 find retailer egift cards buy an egift card check egift card balance account login registered customers close if you are a registered user, please enter your email and password or create an account email address* password* forgot password? remember me login my account cart0 search catalog search men's new apparel all apparel jackets / shells insulation fleece shirts / hoodies hats / t-shirts / belts pants / shorts gloves outlet women's new apparel all apparel jackets / shells insulation fleece tops / shirts pants / shorts gloves / hats / belts outlet climbing top rated belay / rappel big wall bouldering / crash pads carabiners / quickdraws chalk bags / chalk climbing gloves climbing packs climbing ropes crampons dogbones / runners harnesses helmets ice axes / piolets ice protection lighting / headlamps rock protection technical ice tools via ferrata spare parts skiing top rated jetforce avalanche airbags pieps avalanche beacons bindings climbing skins lighting / headlamps ski poles snow gloves snow packs snow safety skis spare parts hiking/trekking top rated accessories gaiters gloves lighting / headlamps packs tents / bivys trekking poles spare parts outlet experience bdtv technology jetforce technology first light technology camalot ultralight technology helio collection experience stories trip reports culture qc lab events athletes advocacy community athlete profiles rock project search catalog search men's new apparel all apparel jackets / shells insulation fleece shirts / hoodies hats / t-shirts / belts pants / shorts gloves outlet new apparel all apparel jackets / shells insulation fleece shirts / hoodies hats / t-shirts / belts pants / shorts gloves outlet women's new apparel all apparel jackets / shells insulation fleece tops / shirts pants / shorts gloves / hats / belts outlet new apparel all apparel jackets / shells insulation fleece tops / shirts pants / shorts gloves / hats / belts outlet climbing top rated belay / rappel big wall bouldering / crash pads carabiners / quickdraws chalk bags / chalk climbing gloves climbing packs climbing ropes crampons dogbones / runners harnesses helmets ice axes / piolets ice protection lighting / headlamps rock protection technical ice tools via ferrata spare parts top rated belay / rappel big wall bouldering / crash pads carabiners / quickdraws chalk bags / chalk climbing gloves climbing packs climbing ropes crampons dogbones / runners harnesses helmets ice axes / piolets ice protection lighting / headlamps rock protection technical ice tools via ferrata spare parts skiing top rated jetforce avalanche airbags pieps avalanche beacons bindings climbing skins lighting / headlamps ski poles snow gloves snow packs snow safety skis spare parts top rated jetforce avalanche airbags pieps avalanche beacons bindings climbing skins lighting / headlamps ski poles snow gloves snow packs snow safety skis spare parts hiking/trekking top rated accessories gaiters gloves lighting / headlamps packs tents / bivys trekking poles spare parts top rated accessories gaiters gloves lighting / headlamps packs tents / bivys trekking poles spare parts featured new outlet outlet egift cards experience bdtv introducing bdtv episode 1: one seven eight episode 2: the forecaster episode 3: a simple machine bdtv spring 16 trailer episode 4: sharing the line episode 5: the width of life episode 6: the master of moves technology jetforce technology first light technology camalot ultralight technology helio collection experience stories trip reports culture qc lab events athletes advocacy community athlete profiles rock project change country --- change country --- united states canada austria belgium czech republic denmark finland france germany italy luxembourg norway poland slovenia spain sweden switzerland netherlands united kingdom global --- change language --- français english deutsch company(800) 775-5552 company about us community marketing assets sustainability guide services retail store athlete profiles jobs careers frequently asked questions us job openings europe job openings asia job openings customer service customer service contact us warranty/repairs returns product recalls us and ca shipping policies international shipping payment types frequently asked questions check egift card balance privacy policy terms of use pro purchase credentials find retailer my account topic: all trip reports culture qc lab events athletes advocacy filter by activity: all skiing climbing topic: all all trip reports culture qc lab events athletes advocacy filter by activity: all all skiing climbing 89 results 1 2 3 trip reports weeklong road trips, months-long expeditions, weekend missions—whatever the length and wherever the destination, we here at black diamond love traveling. we love those cramped flights, sketchy buses, rickety trains, piece-of-shit rental cars and stubborn beasts of burden that help us carry our gear, because it means we're headed for an adventure. from alaska to algeria to australia to armenia, the world is full of endless opportunities for climbing, skiing, and exploration, and here in the trip reports section you’ll find stories of adventure from every corner of the globe. copp-dash inspired: whitney clark’s himalayan exploration whitney clark and crystal davis-robbins won the copp-dash inspire award for their vision to explore 6,000-meter peaks of kishtwar. this is their story. read full story » tobin seagel: chasing dreams in the monashee mountains bd ambassador tobin seagel recently spent four days in the bc backcountry with a crew he thought he had nothing in common with … until they all skied some “unifying” powder. read full story » sending the world's hardest ice climb bd ambassadors tim emmett and klemen premrl take you on a wild ride to the top of the world’s first wi 12 ice climb. read full story » pavel blažek: behind the scenes on the dawn wall every rock star needs a sideman, and every great climber needs a solid belayer. pavel blažek, the man who held adam ondra’s ropes on the dawn wall, gives us an inside look at belaying on the world’s hardest big wall. read full story » thomas gaisbacher: skiing and guiding in the wild yukon when sherpas cinema wants to film the raddest skiers and snowboarders ripping in the remote yukon, they hire black diamond ambassador thomas gaisbacher as their head guide. for three weeks in april, a crew of shredders pillaged powder under the watchful eye of gaisbacher, who kept everyone out of harm's way … oh, and he also squeezed in a few epic runs too. read full story » jordan white: finding the first turns of winter black diamond ambassador jordan white explains why the old phrase, “you don’t know ‘til you go,” is everything when it comes to early season ski touring. read full story » rock project: our athletes are committed and here's why as this year’s rock project tour comes to a successful close, our athletes and ambassadors explain why being involved in this movement is so important. read full story » jordan white: skiing the 13ers of colorado's elk mountains black diamond ambassador jordan white has climbed and skied every 14er in colorado. now he’s set his sights on the rugged 13ers in the elk mountains. read full story » adam ondra: dispatches from yosemite tune in here for exclusive yosemite updates from bd ambassador adam ondra. read full story » babsi zangerl: surprise send in the verdon black diamond global athlete babsi zangerl dispatches golden shower (5.14a), one of the hardest multi-pitches in the famed verdon gorge. read full story » copp-dash inspired: craig muderlak’s alaskan adventure at black diamond, we’re passionate about empowering climbers to not only push their limits in the mountains, but to also share their stories of inspiration when they come home. that’s why we sponsor the copp-dash inspire award. established in the memory of jonny copp and micah dash—two leading alpinists, bd brothers and storytellers who lost their lives in the mountains in 2009—the award is a way to keep their vision alive. craig muderlak, a filmmaker, artist and climber, won the 2016 copp-dash award to document a rowdy plan to put up first ascents in alaska … but that was only half of the story. his team would also travel by homemade skis, burn ‘em to lose the weight and then pack raft back to civilization. this is his story, told with the help of artwork he created after his adventure. read full story » chris schulte: back to trad black diamond ambassador chris schulte has spent a lot of time bouldering in indian creek over the past few years. he always knew he would come back around to trad climbing, but didn't expect it to happen through bouldering. with a homecoming-kind-of-feeling, chris comes back around to trad climbing in the creek, putting up new hard lines for the first time in 15 years. read full story » bhagirathi iii: extreme alpinism in the garhwal himalayas this summer, black diamond ambassador corrado “korra” pesce threw down on the remote alpine big-wall of bhagirathi iii in the indian himalayas. pesce’s team endured storms, sub-zero temps and heady climbing for five days before walking away with the fourth and fastest ascent of estrella impossible. read full story » will cardamone samples japan with powderwhore productions black diamond athlete will cardamone joins jay beyer, dan abrams, megan michelson, eric balken, and jonah howell of powderwhore productions for two weeks of legendary powder in niseko and fursno, japan. read full story » bd athlete will gadd climbs niagara falls in a headline-grabbing first, will gadd and sarah hueniken made the first ascent of the most iconic waterfall in north america. read full story » the movie screen project for the first time, bd employee tyler willcutt attempts a project outside of where he’s living, inspired by the movie screen project in summersville lake. he learns how a single route and even a single move can make you feel obsessed and leave you wanting more. read full story » the window the essence of climbing in patagonia isn’t the waiting or the weather. it’s the window—a fleeting snippet of perfect conditions that allows for some of the most high-quality alpine climbing on the planet. read full story » sonnie trotter: the prow wall black diamond ambassador sonnie trotter’s climbing career is full of impressive first free ascents throughout his homeland of canada. earlier this year, he freed one of his proudest: the prow wall, a 200-meter shield of smooth granite on squamish’s stawamus chief. the story behind the eventual free ascent was 20 years in the making and here, sonnie shares the moments and people that were part of the experience. read full story » sam elias makes first ascent of american hustle (5.14b) full-time climber and part-time philosopher—sam talks about the process of putting up a hard first ascent on one of the world's most beautiful sport crags. read full story » patagonian dispatch: the power of empanadas probars? energy chews? gels? nah. in this dispatch from patagonia, black diamond content editor andy anderson reports on the breakfast of champions for the austral summer climbing season.  read full story » stairway to heaven: mugs stump award recipients on mt. johns this may mugs stump award recipients kevin cooper and ryan jennings completed their long-standing dream of climbing mt. johnson's north face. it was the climb of both of their lives. read full story » bd athlete nalle hukkataival goes big in vegas on a frigid trip to red rocks, outside las vegas, nevada, nalle hukkataival put up new problems and repeated a long list of hard test-pieces including the second ascent of the highball shining path (v12). read full story » bouldering in namibia: nils favre's quest for quality namibia has its share of wildlife and sand dunes, but, until recently, it remained lacking in quality bouldering problems. this year a belgian-swiss team arrived in the south african country, seeking a trip off the beaten path. read full story » working for it: noah howell explores the tushars as the snowflakes finally fly, noah howell thinks back to last may when he was cursing the brush and ripping across corn. at the end of it all, he nominates his approach to utah's mount baldy as the worst bushwhack ever. read full story » mayan smith-gobat finds the place of happiness in brazil black diamond athlete mayan smith-gobat journeys to brazil’s massive granite domes to attempt to the second ascent of a big-wall free route. read full story » mike dobie new-routing in li ming, china with over 160 new routes, mike dobie has been on the forefront of traditional climbing development in china. he opened li ming’s first routes in 2010 and continues to put up lines of all grades. read full story » bd athlete nalle hukkataival sends gioia, varazze, italy possibly the hardest boulder problem in the world, gioia combines a long sequence of microscopic crimps with a heart-breaking finish. drawn by the rumors, nalle hukkataival traveled to varazze, italy to try it. read full story » sierra club’s military outings program lays siege to hyalite bd employee dennis connors and bd athlete conrad anker siege hyalite canyon with the sierra club’s military outings program. read full story » ines papert returns to senja island black diamond athlete ines papert reports on another successful trip to the alpine playground of senja island in norway. read full story » wrestling pebbles and giving back in south africa's rockland bd athlete kaddi lehmann took a trip to rocklands, south africa, where she became both a teacher of climbing and a student of dance. read full story » noah howell skis mt. rainier black diamond athlete noah howell teamed up with freeskiing world tour champion drew tabke to climb and ski mt. rainier. read full story » dave macleod: the unknown black diamond ambassador dave macleod did not set out to be a route developer. but at a young age, inspired by an unfinished project, the course of his climbing career changed forever. read full story » chris schulte returns to durango’s boulders every year, black diamond athlete chris schulte returns to his previous home of durango, colorado where he continues to find new problems and new zones to develop. read full story » bd athlete chris schulte bouldering in indian creek, ut this winter, bd athlete chris schulte headed to the crack-climbing mecca of indian creek, where instead of heading to the cliffs with a huge rack, he scoured the desert for aesthetic, unclimbed sandstone boulders. read full story » bd athlete johnny collinson reports from la grave black diamond athlete johnny collinson heads to la grave, france and samples the big, steep, complicated mountains with the crew from teton gravity research. read full story » free shipping - through january 31 join mailing list get the latest news, product info and promotions from black diamond equipment. company about us find a dealer pro credentials pro application recall info egift cards customer service product faqs payment types order status returns shipping policies warranty/repairs contact us (800) 775-5552 monday-friday 8am-5pm, mountain time bdmo@bdel.com free shipping - through january 31 company | customer service | (800) 775-5552 © 2016 black diamond equipment, ltd | terms & conditions | privacy policy | site map