来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20210102120924/https://www.blackdiamondequipment.com/en/sustainability.html
================================================================================

sustainability and fair labor practices // black diamond inc some functionality may not be optimal with mobile screen readers. please visit our site on a desktop device or call (800) 775-5552 if you need assistance. we ship to: united states canada austria belgium czech republic denmark finland france germany greece ireland italy luxembourg norway poland portugal slovakia slovenia spain sweden switzerland netherlands united kingdom global english change language: français english deutsch menu search catalog search customer service customer service (800) 775-5552 contact us global distribution partners warranty/repairs returns product recalls shipping information payment types frequently asked questions privacy policy check egift card balance terms of use bd retail stores sustainability jetforce firmware update guide services pro purchase credentials find retailer account login cart 0 {"ispro":"non-pro","registered":false,"customerid":"ab6omfyu0robiiesiw7z8xe9ae","email":"","cookiesaccepted":false} search catalog search men's apparel new apparel new performance footwear performance rainwear jackets / shells shirts / hoodies pants / shorts insulation bd solution wool bd facemasks hats / belts gloves all apparel sale women's apparel new apparel new performance footwear performance rainwear jackets / shells tops / hoodies pants / shorts / capris insulation bd solution wool bd facemasks gloves hats / belts all apparel sale climb new climb new rock protection harnesses ice / alpine crampons climbing ropes climbing packs helmets climbing shoes performance footwear bouldering quickdraws / carabiners / runners belay / rappel lighting ––––headlamps / lanterns chalk bags / chalk climbing gloves via ferrata climbon big wall sale spare parts snow new snow new skis bindings ski poles snow safety climbing skins snow gloves snow packs lighting ––––headlamps / lanterns splitboard traction devices snow trekking sale spare parts mountain new mountain new trail running essentials lighting ––––headlamps / lanterns trekking poles gloves packs performance footwear traction devices tents / bivys gaiters snow trekking sale accessories spare parts sale experience community athlete profiles ambassadors bdtv technology 2020 chalk line 2020 approach shoes 2020 jetforce 2020 rechargeable headlamps 2019 solution wool 2019 camalot c4s 2019 forged denim 2019 stretch rainwear 2019 skis 2019 ice climbing collection guide bt avalanche beacon first light technology helio collection climbing ropes climbing shoes camalot ultralight technology experience stories trip reports culture qc lab events athletes advocacy april fools skiing climbing men's apparel new apparel new performance footwear performance rainwear jackets / shells shirts / hoodies pants / shorts insulation bd solution wool bd facemasks hats / belts gloves all apparel sale new apparel jackets / shells shirts / hoodies pants / shorts insulation bd solution wool hats / belts gloves all apparel sale women's apparel new apparel new performance footwear performance rainwear jackets / shells tops / hoodies pants / shorts / capris insulation bd solution wool bd facemasks gloves hats / belts all apparel sale new apparel jackets / shells tops / hoodies pants / shorts / capris insulation bd solution wool gloves all apparel sale climb new climb new rock protection harnesses ice / alpine crampons climbing ropes climbing packs helmets climbing shoes performance footwear bouldering quickdraws / carabiners / runners belay / rappel lighting ––––headlamps / lanterns chalk bags / chalk climbing gloves via ferrata climbon big wall sale spare parts rock protection harnesses ice / alpine crampons climbing ropes climbing packs helmets climbing shoes bouldering quickdraws / carabiners / runners belay / rappel lighting ––––headlamps / lanterns chalk bags / chalk climbing gloves via ferrata big wall spare parts snow new snow new skis bindings ski poles snow safety climbing skins snow gloves snow packs lighting ––––headlamps / lanterns splitboard traction devices snow trekking sale spare parts new snow skis bindings ski poles snow safety climbing skins snow gloves snow packs lighting ––––headlamps / lanterns spare parts mountain new mountain new trail running essentials lighting ––––headlamps / lanterns trekking poles gloves packs performance footwear traction devices tents / bivys gaiters snow trekking sale accessories spare parts new mountain lighting ––––headlamps / lanterns trekking poles gloves packs tents / bivys gaiters accessories spare parts featured new sale sale egift cards experience community athlete profiles ambassadors bdtv introducing bdtv episode 1: one seven eight episode 2: the forecaster episode 3: a simple machine episode 4: sharing the line episode 5: the width of life episode 6: the master of moves technology 2020 chalk line 2020 approach shoes 2020 jetforce 2020 rechargeable headlamps 2019 solution wool 2019 camalot c4s 2019 forged denim 2019 stretch rainwear 2019 skis 2019 ice climbing collection guide bt avalanche beacon first light technology helio collection climbing ropes climbing shoes camalot ultralight technology experience stories trip reports culture qc lab events athletes advocacy april fools skiing climbing change country --- change country --- united states canada austria belgium czech republic denmark finland france germany greece ireland italy luxembourg norway poland portugal slovakia slovenia spain sweden switzerland netherlands united kingdom global --- change language --- français english deutsch company(800) 775-5552 company (800) 775-5552 about us community sustainability guide services bd retail stores jobs (800) 775-5552 careers frequently asked questions europe job openings us job openings customer service customer service (800) 775-5552 contact us global distribution partners warranty/repairs returns product recalls shipping information payment types frequently asked questions privacy policy check egift card balance terms of use bd retail stores sustainability jetforce firmware update guide services pro purchase credentials find retailer my account home / company / sustainability sustainability your browser's javascript functionality is turned off. please turn it on so that you can experience the full capabilities of this site. corporate responsibility leadership environment social advocacy groups we support ever since doug robinson's visionary essay espousing the virtues of clean climbing ran in the '72 chouinard equipment catalog, our company ethos has been rooted in the idea that the style in which we accomplish our goals is as important as achieving them at all. we believe this applies as much to business as it does to climbing, so we have paired an innovative approach to building equipment with a unique approach to running a company—one that supports the preservation of, and access to, the places we love. today, we make the world's best mountain equipment in a low impact way, and our business practices follow suit. more than 20 years after the creation of black diamond in 1989, we're a global industry leader, and our commitment to good style is still our driving force. building on years of organic, independent efforts, we strive in all of our endeavors to ensure that our communities, environment and business continue to thrive for years to come. . leadership "conservation and preservation are foundational to black diamond. these tenets are part of the mission of bd. we will always strive to protect access to the mountains, crags and desert landscapes where we pursue our sports."—john walbrecht, president of black diamond black diamond has become a globally recognized voice for conservation and preservation ethics, particularly in utah, where black diamond's global headquarters sit at the foot of the wasatch mountains. we view the utah landscape as an asset. whether backcountry skiing in the wasatch, rock climbing in indian creek or hiking in zion, black diamond has always been and will continue to be committed to accessing the public lands and national parks that make utah unique. wilderness should be protected and valued, rather than exploited and abused. working with government agencies, landowners and advocacy groups, black diamond has led the way in showing that wilderness preservation and business success can be symbiotic. black diamond is proud of the awards we have received as a company for our advocacy initiatives and commitment to preservation. some of these include: the zions bank's global pacesetter award, summit land conservancy's conservation and sustainability award, colorado environmental coalition's rebel with a cause award, save our canyons' lone peak award for wasatch conservation leadership, the access fund's sharp end award and the utah river council's headwater's award. recognizing the important work of those before us, and committed to preserving the environment for the generations to come, black diamond also supports numerous organizations and efforts to preserve the places where we climb, ski and trek. in addition to financial support, we also offer consulting services, employee volunteers, product and publicity to ensure the effectiveness of these groups far into the future. environment "to champion the preservation of, and access to, mountain, crag and canyon environments while minimizing our own environmental footprint."—bd founding commitments building world-class product requires exceptional design and ceaseless innovation. we apply these principles to our material selection, manufacturing processes and environmental compliance program. black diamond products are synonymous with outstanding performance—but not at the expense of destroying the lands where we recreate.  we believe it is our responsibility not only to deliver the best performing gear, but to do so while minimizing adverse environmental effects. environmental compliance innovation in equipment requires developing new technologies and materials. at black diamond, we believe that reducing the environmental impact of a product—through design, engineering and efficiency—is an equally vital part of innovation. research shows that approximately 60-70% of a product's environmental impact comes from the raw material and manufacturing supply chain. with this knowledge, black diamond has adopted the best available tools in the industry to responsibly manage the environmental impact and consumer safety of our raw materials, chemistries and manufacturing processes. these tools guide the production of all black diamond products, whether manufactured by us or an outside vendor. social "even though i'm very proud of the products we make, it is the style in which we conduct our business that means the most to me.—peter metcalf, black diamond founder from our headquarters in utah to our factory in china, we are committed to complying with the highest standards of social responsibility at all our operations. we take care choosing our vendors and partners, and maintain a strict vendor code of conduct, collaborating with our partners to make continuous improvements, apply best practices and conduct annual audits to ensure the safety and fair treatment of all those who work for or manufacture black diamond product. social compliance we care deeply about the health, welfare and safety of all those who manufacture our products, and believe the most effective way to ensure this is by selecting the right partners. for more than twenty years we have chosen vendors who share our commitment to corporate responsibility: professionals equally invested in their people and their craft. in addition to an extensive vetting process, we require each vendor who supplies black diamond product to adhere to the standards and regulations outlined in our vendor code of conduct. in accordance with the international labour organization conventions, the united nations' universal declaration of human rights and the un's conventions on children's rights and the elimination of all forms of discrimination against women, our vendor code of conduct defines standards to ensure that working conditions in our entire supply chain are safe, that workers are treated with respect and dignity, and that our manufacturing processes are environmentally responsible. we believe in these standards, and are committed to providing assistance and training to our partners so that together we can meet them. social responsibility has always been a fundamental value and focus at black diamond. as a founding member of the outdoor industry association's fair labor working group in 2005, we helped to tackle the need for greater education of best practices in social compliance in the outdoor industry, drafting the oia's first fair labor toolkit used by companies throughout the outdoor industry to establish social compliance programs. historically, we relied on this toolkit and our vendor code of conduct to carry out routine social compliance audits of our partners. this has since given way to our current model of unannounced, third-party social audits to check in and review how our partners are performing.  these professional audits provide a snapshot of a factory's working conditions, management systems and compliance with local and international labor laws.  we use the audit reports to highlight areas for improvement and to create corrective action plans. like the rest of us, our partners are not perfect; these audits provide specific direction for continuous progress. advocacy “a leader is one who knows the way, goes the way, and shows the way."—john c. maxwell as part of our commitment to promote social and environmental responsibility, we support dozens of conservation, education and recreation groups dedicated to protecting, preserving and ensuring public access to the wild lands we love. we also believe that businesses have a role to play in shaping the discourse on social and environmental responsibility. we endeavor to lead by example by reducing the environmental impacts of our products, engaging in public advocacy, and bending our business towards sustainability over the long term. campus initiatives while there are many ways to give back to and promote conservation, at black diamond we prefer to lead by example and walk our talk. from chemical management programs to energy efficiency to employee transportation, we are constantly looking at new ways to reduce our footprint. learn more about some of the efforts going on across our global campuses below. processing/recycling in 2009, we initiated a closed-loop anodization process at black diamond asia that reuses and recycles 2000 tons of wastewater. one of the first processes of its kind in asia, it delivered a dramatic improvement over traditional anodization practices where wastewater is dumped back into the water table. similarly, all of the wastewater from our tumble and polish process (used in the manufacturing of everything from carabiners to crampons) is recycled. black diamond also boils off water from oil/water mixes used in production and sends the oil out to be recycled. all of our scrap metal and excess cardboard from the salt lake city, utah and zhuhai, china manufacturing facilities is recycled. we purchase cardboard containing an average of 35% post-consumer recycled material, saving approximately 370 trees from being cut down. during the baseline year in salt lake city, black diamond and waste management recycled an estimated 25 tons of black diamond's waste—approximately 60% of the organization's total solid waste stream. this included approximately 138 tons of cardboard, 43 tons of metals, 28 tons of paper, 26 tons of plastics and 1,776 lbs of computer waste. this recycling effort amounted to a reduction in greenhouse gas emissions of approximately 510 tons co2—roughly equivalent to not driving 720,000 miles each year. our european office also does its part to encourage personal recycling. at both the office and the warehouse, all waste is separated down into minute categories for recycling. from paper, to cardboard, to cans, to plastic, to individual glass separated by color, black diamond europe leads by example. for the past two years, black diamond europe has also organized chasin' the rubbish in fontainebleau, france. over the four-day easter holiday, the black diamond team, black diamond athletes and numerous boulderers come together to clean up rubbish and raise awareness about adopting respectful attitudes toward nature and rock.  with 1.2 million climbers visiting fountainbleau each year, the area can get littered with trash. this four-day activity helps keep the remarkable area as clean as it is stunning. energy black diamond is a blue sky program "champion level" participant, purchasing 180,000 kwh of blue sky wind power offsets each year. twenty percent of the power used at our salt lake city office—home to our headquarters and manufacturing facilities—is wind generated, a significant amount for a manufacturing operation with laser cutters, cncs, edm wire cutters, big automated equipment, heat treating, and more. we also have a 2,200 watt solar photovoltaic system that generates approximately 3,000 kwh of electricity each year, supplying roughly 7% of the retail store's electricity needs. all together, our energy conservation and renewable energy efforts eliminate over 220 tons of co2 greenhouse gas emissions annually, equivalent to not driving over 320,000 miles each year. our newly expanded & renovated 12,000 square feet of space in the slc headquarters is extremely energy efficient: if this expansion/renovation was a free-standing building it would qualify for leed certification. it will draw an impressively low level of power and water, and was constructed with many recycled and new high-tech super insulative materials. transportation black diamond employees in salt lake city commuted an estimated 410,000 miles via carpool, bus, trax, bicycle and foot during the baseline year, or approximately 34% of the year's total commute miles. these actions reduced greenhouse gasses by an estimated 190 tons co2. each year black diamond participates in the clear air challenge here in salt lake city. in 2010, team black diamond eliminated 1259 trips and 8659 miles as part of the clean air challenge. check out the latest at cleartheairchallenge.org the bd asia global distribution center is a 70,000-square-foot warehouse attached to our bd-operated manufacturing and office facilities, and allows us to aggregate the shipping of all of the bd goods made by or for us throughout asia. this means fewer shipments, greater efficiency, higher inventory turns and a blessing for our global distributors and key retailers. it also greatly reduces the size of our global shipping energy footprint. the product manufactured by our subsidiary in china is sea-freighted to our europe warehouse in the netherlands. the product is first transported by container ship to rotterdam and then transferred to canal barges. the co2 footprint is several times lower than for air-freighted product. groups we support recognizing the important work of those before us, and committed to preserving the environment for the generations to come, black diamond, inc. supports numerous organizations and efforts to preserve the places where we climb, ski and trek. in addition to financial support, we also offer consulting services, employee volunteers, product and publicity to ensure the effectiveness of these groups far into the future. the access fund access fund is the national advocacy organization that keeps climbing areas open and conserves the climbing environment. founded in 1991, the access fund supports and represents millions of climbers nationwide in all forms of climbing: rock climbing, ice climbing, mountaineering, and bouldering. six core programs support the mission on national and local levels: climbing policy and advocacy, stewardship and conservation, local support and mobilization, land acquisition and protection, risk management and landowner support, and education. www.accessfund.org call: (303) 545-6772 email: info@accessfund.org instagram: accessfund protect our winters pow helps passionate outdoor people protect the places and lifestyles they love from climate change. we are a community of athletes, scientists, creatives, and business leaders advancing non-partisan policies that protect our world today and for future generations. www.protectourwinters.org call: (303) 900-4027 instagram: pow american institue for avalanche research & education aiare is a non-profit with a simple mission, "to save lives through avalanche education". aiare creates avalanche education curriculum and trains instructors to teach that curriculum. more than 7000 students enroll in classes each year using the aiare avalanche education curriculum. www.avtraining.org call: (530) 536-0404 email: richard@avtraining.org instagram: avtraining the conservation alliance the conservation alliance is a group of outdoor industry companies that disburses its collective annual membership dues to grassroots environmental organizations. we direct our funding to community-based campaigns to protect threatened wild habitat and outdoor recreation. the alliance was founded in 1989 by industry leaders, who shared the goal of increasing outdoor industry support for conservation efforts. we now have more than 200 member companies, and have disbursed close to $17.5 million since our inception. www.conservationalliance.com call: (541) 389-2424 email: info@conservationalliance.com or serena@conservationalliance.com instagram: conservationalliance honnold foundation promoting solar energy for a more equitable world. http://www.honnoldfoundation.org email: contact@honnoldfoundation.org instagram: honnoldfoundation american alpine club to share and support our passion for climbing and respect for the places we climb. https://americanalpineclub.org call: (303) 384-0110 email: info@americanaplineclub.org instagram: americanalpine outdoor industry association the outdoor industry association is a membership-driven trade organization for the outdoor industry. in collaboration with our members, we are a force for the industry in recreation and trade policy, sustainable business innovation and increasing outdoor participation. https://outdoorindustry.org call: (303) 444-3353 email: info@outdoorindustry.org instagram: outdoorindustry chicks climbing & skiing our mission is to empower women through mountain sports, develop community and foster environmental stewardship. https://chickswithpicks.net call: (970) 325-3858 instagram: chicksclimbingandskiing b.org american mountain guides association to inspire and support a culture of american mountain craft. the american mountain guides association (amga) is a 501(c)(3) educational non‐profit that is dedicated to supporting the american mountain guiding and climbing instructor community. as the leading organization of america’s most vibrant, inspiring community of climbers and skiers, the amga offers you cutting edge knowledge and hundreds of years of collective experience that you won’t get from any other climbing organization. amga guides and staff are the experts in the business of being a guide. we spent 30 years setting standards for american guiding instruction, protecting the guiding environment, and organizing a powerful, unified community of guides and clients. and we will spend the next 30 supporting you as you pursue your passion. https://amga.com call: (303) 271-0984 instagram: amga179 association of outdoor recreation and education (aore) the mission of the association is to provide opportunities for professionals and students in the field of outdoor recreation and education to exchange information, promote the preservation and conservation of the natural environment, and address issues common to college, university, community, military, and other not-for-profit outdoor recreation and education programs. https://www.aore.org call: (810) 299-2782 instagram: aoreoutdoors big city mountaineers big city mountaineers instills critical life skills in under-resourced youth through transformative wilderness mentoring experiences. https://bigcitymountaineers.org call: (303) 271-9200 email: info@bigcitymountaineers.org instagram: big_city_mountaineers she moves mountains our mission is to create an educational space for women (cis, trans, femme) to realize their strength through rock climbing. we offer a variety of skills clinics providing opportunities for the complete beginner to the advanced climber. https://shemovesmountains.org/ instagram: she_movesmountains and she's dope too andshesdopetoo is an outdoor women’s collective. we specialize in connecting women worldwide with friendship and adventure by offering retreats and rendezvous that are removed from comparison and competition. we believe in community and in the strength of nature to heal us all. let’s discover genuine bonds, happiness, and confidence, together. our mission is to connect people and planet with perspective and purpose. we aim to empower and support all women, to care for our beautiful earth, and to protect wildlife https://andshesdopetoo.com email: andshesdopetoo@gmail.com instagram: andshesdopetoo salt lake climbers alliance the salt lake climbers alliance exists to provide a unified voice for climbers in the wasatch and surrounding regions through advocacy, stewardship, community, and education.we are utah’s leading voice for climbing access and stewardship: uniting, educating, and inspiring climbers of all disciplines to serve their local climbing community since 2002. www.saltlakeclimbers.org email: julia@saltlakeclimbers.org instagram: saltlakeclimbers save our canyons dedicated to protecting the beauty and wildness of the wasatch canyons, mountains, and foothills. www.saveourcanyons.org call: (801) 363-7283 email: sarah@saveourcanyons.org or alex@saveourcanyons.org instagram: saveourcanyons utah avalanche center the mission of the utah avalanche center is to keep people on top of the greatest snow on earth by providing the avalanche knowledge winter backcountry users need to make wise decisions in the mountains. the non-profit/forest service partnership produces up-to-date avalanche advisories and education state-wide. www.utahavalanchecenter.org call: (801) 365-5522 email: info@utahavalanchecenter.org instagram: utavy friends of colorado avalanche information center the resource for current avalanche and snow pack information in colorado. www.avalanche.state.co.us call: (970) 340-8180 email: info@friendsofcaic.org instagram: friendsofcaic company (800) 775-5552 about us community sustainability guide services bd retail stores jobs (800) 775-5552 careers frequently asked questions europe job openings us job openings free economy shipping on orders over $50 shop men women climbing skiing hiking/trekking outlet experience bd tv technology experience stories community the pros company about us find a dealer global distributors pro credentials pro application careers recall info bd affiliate program egift cards help product faqs payment types order status returns shipping policies warranty/repairs shop my account find a store company contact us (800) 775-5552 contact us (800) 775-5552 monday-friday 9am-5pm, mountain time bdmo@bdel.com facebook-icon twitter-icon instagram-icon youtube-icon © black diamond equipment, ltd | terms & conditions | privacy policy | accessibility statement | site map {"tagmanagerid":"gtm-nhcgf2s","currency":"usd","siteid":"blackdiamond","resouces":{"logurl":"/on/demandware.store/sites-blackdiamond-site/default/googleanalytics-log"}}