来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20250502140450/https://blackdiamondequipment.com/blogs/stories/committed
================================================================================

committed – black diamond skip to content your cart is empty continue shopping have an account? log in to check out faster. your bag loading... add $99.00 more to quality for free shipping! subtotal $0.00 usd all discounts, shipping & taxes calculated at checkout update keep shopping checkout sign up and save 15% outlet support men's men's featured featured new hex best sellers road trip collection sale jackets jackets shells insulation fleece ski jackets tops tops tees and tanks hoodies shirts bottoms bottoms shorts pants ski pants gloves gloves skiing gloves climbing gloves running gloves everyday gloves footwear footwear climbing shoes approach shoes lifestyle shoes traction devices gaiters accessories accessories caps beanies socks women's women's featured featured new hex best sellers road trip collection sale jackets jackets shells insulation fleece ski jackets tops tops tees and tanks hoodies shirts bottoms bottoms shorts pants ski pants gloves gloves climbing gloves running gloves everyday gloves footwear footwear climbing shoes approach shoes lifestyle shoes traction devices gaiters accessories accessories caps beanies socks equipment equipment featured featured new best sellers sale climb equipment climb equipment harnesses helmets protection carabiners ropes climbing shoes quickdraws and runners belay and rappel ice climbing big wall chalk and chalk bags bouldering crash pads ski equipment ski equipment skis climbing skins ski poles snow safety poles poles hiking poles running poles ski poles lighting lighting headlamps lanterns batteries backpacks & bags backpacks & bags climbing packs ski packs running packs and vests hiking packs commuter packs duffel bags tents tents tents bivy sacks ground cloths & accessories sports sports climbing climbing gym climbing bouldering sport climbing trad climbing big wall ice and alpine climbing mountaineering ski and snowboard ski and snowboard backcountry freeride trail trail trail running hiking trekking content content athlete stories qc labs gear myths innovations how-to guides training guides films who we are who we are about us our heritage our athletes sustainability goals diversity pledge advocacy guide partners dogs of bd facebook instagram tiktok youtube log in men's the solution 1.0 hoody featured new hex best sellers road trip collection performance rainwear outlet jackets shells insulation fleece ski jackets tops tees and tanks hoodies shirts bottoms shorts pants ski pants base layer footwear climbing shoes lifestyle shoes traction devices gaiters gloves skiing gloves mountaineering gloves climbing gloves running gloves everyday gloves accessories caps beanies socks women's the solution 1.0 hoody featured new hex best sellers road trip collection performance rainwear outlet jackets shells insulation fleece ski jackets tops tees and tanks hoodies shirts bottoms shorts pants tights & leggings base layer ski pants footwear climbing shoes lifestyle shoes traction devices gaiters gloves skiing gloves mountaineering gloves climbing gloves running gloves everyday gloves accessories caps beanies socks equipment gear for the send new best sellers outlet climb equipment harnesses helmets protection carabiners ropes climbing shoes quickdraws and runners belay and rappel ice climbing big wall chalk and chalk bags bouldering crash pads spare parts ski equipment skis climbing skins ski poles snow safety backpacks and bags climbing packs ski packs running packs and vests hiking packs duffel bags poles trekking poles running poles ski poles spare parts lighting headlamps lanterns batteries tents tents bivy sacks ground cloths & accessories spare parts sports climbing gym climbing bouldering sport climbing trad climbing big wall ice and alpine climbing mountaineering spacer ski and snowboard backcountry freeride trail trail running hiking ultralight content black diamond stories athlete stories qc labs gear myths innovations how-to guides training guides films athlete stories explore qc labs explore gear myths explore who we are who we are about us our heritage our athletes our purpose sustainability goals guide partners dogs of bd our heritage explore our athletes explore sustainability learn more search log in cart committed bd ambassador didier berthod’s 20-year odyssey to climb the cobra. i almost messed up the mono.i got it a little bit too low and started feeling that sensation of injustice one feels when one is about to fall. the mono requires a high level of precision to get it right, and obviously i didn’t have it.but i didn’t give up.somehow, i was able to connect with some inner willpower, overcoming the injustice. and it worked. i pulled again, readjusted the mono, and was able to hang on. i placed a piece of gear off the mono, reached for the next finger lock and turned my brain off. i knew i could send it, but i also knew that my inner dialogue—composed of excitement, impatience, and countless of connections my brain was going to make in case of success— could destroy this in less than a second. with my brain switched off, i focused one hundred percent on my climbing and did the last technical movements in a state of high concentration.i did not climb well, but the pressure was so high that any considerations other than “not falling here” had no place in my mind.and here i was, standing atop of the cobra crack. a truly magical moment. one of rare improbability, which had every chance of never happening. indeed, my journey with the cobra had been marked by failure and fear for no less than 19 years.the main memory of my first season attempting what was then still a project, was the rain. i had spent two months in squamish, and it seemed to me that the word squamish was synonymous with rain, and therefore, wet cracks. my attempts were promising, but my spirit grew weary in the face of this unfavorable weather, and i left empty-handed. the following year, i returned. three days after my arrival, an old knee injury resurfaced, forcing me to leave with crutches and return to switzerland for surgery. during the same period, several events led me to not touch rock for over 13 years. in my mind, the cobra transitioned from being a climbing project to a distant memory. as life would have it, i eventually resumed climbing in 2019. in 2022, for matters of the heart, i moved to squamish. the cobra then became part of my backyard, and my climbing progress allowed me to consider embarking on the adventure again. the following year, i decided to tackle it. i had just completed a new difficult crack, the crack of destiny, so my level should have allowed me to succeed in what i then called “you-know-who.”the truth is, cobra frightened me. i feared failure, but more importantly, i feared the judgment of others if i were to fail again. climbing it, however, proved relatively easy thanks to the new heel hook method and my training for crack of destiny. but on my third day of attempts, i fell while reaching for the last hold, took a huge whipper, and broke my wrist into three pieces. my climbing season ended abruptly, and my relationship with the cobra, far from leading to the desired happy ending, took another dramatic turn. it was scarcely believable. fate seemed to be against me, and the concept of a curse hovered around my mind like a vulture over its carrion.life continued, nonetheless. i resumed training toward the end of autumn and regained my form by the end of winter. the idea of climbing the cobra never left me, but the temptation to bail was strong. first, i wanted to leave open the possibility of pursuing my passion without necessarily succeeding. after all, it was just one route among many, and i was not obligated to climb it. squamish offered several new crack projects that i had spotted the previous year, and i was much more motivated to wear my fingers out on these new lines than on the cobra.there was also the question of learning from my past … did all these failures around the cobra not indicate that i needed to move on, abandon, let go? and then, of course, there was that lingering fear mentioned earlier. fear of failing, but more importantly, fear of experiencing that form of humiliation potentially felt by anyone who commits and exposes themselves to a goal that may be beyond their reach. this fear was compounded by the fact that i no longer belonged to the category of those called the young— that group of humans who have the freedom to lose their time to the useless.but something else also lingered inside of me. that whisper of the heart, that desire to see it through, a determination to cross the finish line. climbing the cobra had been the dream of my youth, and in a sense, it remained so. besides being one of the hardest cracks in the world, it is one of the most beautiful.i also knew that i could place a new piece of gear in the headwall, avoiding another potential wrist breaking whipper. finally, on top of all that, a certain sense of responsibility was growing inside me. i had been given what is given to few: firstly, a certain talent for climbing, and crack climbing in particular. secondly, the possibility of a second chance. even after 13 years of hiatus, it hadn't been too difficult for me to regain a relatively high level of climbing. and now, here i am living in squamish where the cobra is located. and how could i not mention all the climbers and friends who believe in me and encourage me to not give up. wasn't it then my responsibility to see it through and make use of my talent and all these chances that had been given to me? so, i decided to commit again. but this time, my commitment would be deeper than ever. i decided like never before to face my fears. to take control of my destiny and repel the spell. as the poet said: “you can do anything you set your mind to, man”. and that started by calling you-know-who by its real name: cobra crack. i would also openly share with my friends that my project was the cobra crack, thus radically exposing myself to the potential judgment described earlier. i eventually gave up all my other projects, for however long it would take, to realize the cobra. i embraced the fact that i could be seen as the new doomed sisyphus, rolling my stone up the hill over and over again. the time had come, perhaps not for success, but for courage and determination. the time to just go climbing, even if failure or gossip was to be the result. it was time not only to free climb, but to free live.what was the key to success? was it the spiritual undertaking required to cast out what could be called my curse? facing one’s fear, committing deeper than ever, embracing failure and gossip as a possible outcome, and choosing to just go climbing without any other motivation than having fun, trying hard, living and sharing the passion, and spending privileged time with amazing people? who knows … but odds are good that it was. in any case, if sending the cobra would have not led me to commit at this level, it seems like i would have missed one of the richest teachings climbing could ever offer me. --didier berthod, bd ambassador “the cobra and the heart” is a feature in reel rock 19, and follows didier’s 20-year saga, from a religious epiphany, family betrayal, a single mom’s struggle, and a rare second chance. for screenings and more info, visit: reelrocktour.com. more stories not a comeback: hazel findlay postpartum bd athlete hazel findlay shares her tips for returning to the climbing life for new... bd athlete hazel findlay shares her tips for returning to the climbing life for new mothers. close read article babsi flashes free rider a film documenting the first flash ascent of el capitan by bd athletes babsi zangerl... a film documenting the first flash ascent of el capitan by bd athletes babsi zangerl and jacopo larcher. close read article committed bd ambassador didier berthod’s 20-year odyssey to climb the cobra. read article q&a: babsi and jacopo send magic line bd athletes babsi zangerl and jacopo larcher share their story of climbing one of the... bd athletes babsi zangerl and jacopo larcher share their story of climbing one of the world’s most mythical trad routes. close read article black diamond presents: mulkey and glatthard swing the hydra in montana bd athletes aaron mulkey and yannick glatthard take the new hydra into the backcountry of... bd athletes aaron mulkey and yannick glatthard take the new hydra into the backcountry of montana in search of steep ice and mixed climbing. close read article deep in alaska follow dorian densmore and mya akins for a month-long, exploratory mission in the chugach mountains. read article a weekend in the valley with alex honnold and connor herson two bd legends walk into the valley. what happens next? watch and see. read article qc lab: electromagnetic interference and avalanche transceivers with ski season kicking off, the qa lab crew dives deep into the world of... with ski season kicking off, the qa lab crew dives deep into the world of electromagnetic interference and how it can affect backcountry safety. close read article qc lab: aluminum vs. steel ice screws light is right, but steel is real. so, when it comes to ice screws, what’s... light is right, but steel is real. so, when it comes to ice screws, what’s the deal? in this qc lab, will gadd and matt berry thread their way to the source of truth when it comes to aluminum vs. steel ice screws. close read article the mentor she was many things—a stonemaster, an outdoor industry visionary, a physicist. a rock dropped into... she was many things—a stonemaster, an outdoor industry visionary, a physicist. a rock dropped into a pond that created ripples, affecting many lives and generations of climbers. this is the story of our unsung hero, our co-founder. close read article gear myths: methods for clipping a chalk bag read article gear myths: bolts are always bomber, right? go ahead, take the whip. you’ve got a trucker bolt just below. but wait …... go ahead, take the whip. you’ve got a trucker bolt just below. but wait … you sure about that? in this gear myths, kolin “kp” powick shares a recent close call, which resulted in an exploration of safety protocol when it comes to sport climbing. close read article qc lab: the art and science of using snow anchors the qc lab team is joined by ifmga mountain guide mark smiley to discuss the... the qc lab team is joined by ifmga mountain guide mark smiley to discuss the subtle art of building, testing, and using snow anchors. close read article how to build your first trad rack follow these expert pointers on how to properly build out your very first trad rack. read article how to choose the right trekking poles a look into the technology and construction of an essential tool for hiking and trail... a look into the technology and construction of an essential tool for hiking and trail running. close read article heritage it began with a hammer and a anvil athletes from gym to crag and trail to peaks stories notes from the field, the lab, and the community purpose protecting what matters stay in the loop instagram youtube facebook tiktok order status order faqs customer support contact us shipping returns warranty /repairs product faqs product recalls declarations of conformity payment types pro program affiliate corporate sales careers retail locations global distribution partners © 2025 black diamond equipment, ltd privacy policy terms of use accessibility policy pipeda do not sell or share my data us laws compliance english english united states - $ canada - $ usd united states - $ usd choosing a selection results in a full page refresh. opens in a new window. are you in the right place? please select your shipping country. buy from the country of your choice. remember that we can only ship your order to addresses located in the chosen country. country united states canada united states language english english shop now powered by orbe.app