来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20101227201714/http://candywarehouse.com/privacypolicy.html
================================================================================

candy warehouse privacy policy this site is hosted by yahoo! store. yahoo! hosts the store pages, ordering system, and order data. yahoo! automatically collects order information but may only use this information in the aggregate. if you accessed this store through yahoo! shopping, yahoo! also automatically collects information about your shopping experience. please see the yahoo! privacy policy for more information about how yahoo! uses this information. candywarehouse.com has been awarded truste's privacy seal signifying that this privacy policy and practices have been reviewed by truste for compliance with truste's program requirements including transparency, accountability and choice regarding the collection and use of your personal information. truste's mission, as an independent third party, is to accelerate online trust among consumers and organizations globally through its leading privacy trustmark and innovative trust solutions. if you have questions or complaints regarding our privacy policy or practices, please contact us at customercare@candywarehouse.com. if you are not satisfied with our response you can contact truste here: submit a privacy complaint with trustecandywarehouse.com privacy policy effective on: 1/19/2007candywarehouse.com respects your privacy. candywarehouse.com does not share, rent, or loan any personally identifiable information (pii) regarding its customers to any third party for promotional purposes or in ways different than listed in this privacy policy. any information you give us is held with the utmost care and security, and will not be used in ways to which you have not consented.candywarehouse.com will not collect any personal information about individuals except when specifically and knowingly provided by such individuals. examples of such information are: name, postal address, email address, phone number, birthdays, and product commentary. candywarehouse.com recommends that if you are providing information on behalf of a child, that you use the child's parent or guardian's email address and that you have the permission of that child's parent or guardian.1. we collect contact information from you, such as your name, email address, and phone number on our website when you use the “contact us” or “track” forms on our website. we use this information to directly respond to your inquiries or to track and show you the status of your placed order.2. when making a purchase, signing up for our newsletter, or joining our candy blog the following information is generally collected from you: contact information, such as name, email address, billing and shipping address and phone numbers; and financial information, such as credit card number. we work with a number of third party service providers to facilitate these functions on behalf of our website. please be aware that when utilizing these features you will be submitting your information directly to these third party websites. please see “information sharing and disclosure” sections below for further information. this information is used for billing purposes and to fulfill orders, to subscribe you to our newsletter and our candy blog. in providing this personally identified information to the above 3rd parties but these companies do not have any independent right to share this information. therefore, candywarehouse.com governs the collection and use of this type of shared information.when making a purchase, additional information may be requested if you are sending an order to someone other than yourself. for example, if you are sending a shipment to a friend, you will be providing that friend’s shipping address and phone number so that we may fulfill this request. the friend’s information is not used for any secondary purposes.we do not store your personally identifiable information on our website, therefore if you need to make a correction to an order or to an email address you used to sign up for our email communications, please contact us at customercare@candywarehouse.com.candywarehouse.com is a licensee of the truste privacy program. truste is an independent, non-profit organization whose mission is to build user’s trust and confidence in the internet by promoting the use of fair information practices. this privacy statement covers the web site www.candywarehouse.com. because this web site wants to demonstrate its commitment to your privacy, it has agreed to disclose its information practices and have its privacy practices reviewed for compliance by truste.if you have questions or concerns regarding this statement, you should first contact christopher pratt at sales@candywarehouse.com. if you do not receive acknowledgement of your inquiry or your inquiry has not been satisfactorily address, you should contact truste at http://www.truste.org/consumers/watchdog_complaint.php truste will then serve as a liaison with us to resolve your concerns. newslettersif you wish to subscribe to our newsletter(s), we will use your name and email address to send the newsletter to you. out of respect for your privacy, we provide you a way to unsubscribe.if you wish to opt-out of any of our newsletters or promotional emails, please see the “choice and opt-out” section below. customer servicebased upon the personally identifiable information you provide us, we will send you order confirmation and order shipment status emails. we will also communicate with you in response to your inquiries, to provide the services you request, and to manage your account. we will communicate with you by email or telephone, in accordance with your wishes. as these communications are service related, and not promotional in nature, generally you may not opt-out of these emails.the yahoo merchant solutions system has an internal rating system that can be sent to the consumer after a candy purchase on candywarehouse.com. this consumer rating template is standardized and consists of 5 quality performance parameters and body text. it is only sent to the consumer if they check the box on the order form that states “would you like yahoo to send you an email asking you to rate this merchant?” the consumer rating form is a one time email from yahoo. information sharing and disclosureaggregate information (non-personally identifiable): candywarehouse.com may share non-personal aggregate, or summary, information regarding its customers with partners or other third parties, but candywarehouse.com does not share any information at the individual customer level.we do not link aggregate user data with personally identifiable information.personally identifiable information: we do not share personally identifiable information with third parties for their promotional purposes or in ways other than listed below in this privacy statement.agents and service providers: we use a credit card processing company to bill you for goods and services and a shipping agent to fulfill delivery of goods. other service providers include our web hosting company that provides the blog on our site, and an email service provider that facilitates our newsletter e-mailings. these companies do not retain, share, store or use personally identifiable information for any other purposes.legal disclaimer: we reserve the right to disclose your personally identifiable information as required by law and when we believe that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights and/or to comply with a judicial proceeding, court order, or legal process served on our web site choice/opt-outwe provide you the opportunity to ‘opt-out’ of having your personally identifiable information used for certain purposes, when we ask for this information. for example, if you purchase a product/service but do not wish to receive any additional marketing material from us, you can indicate your preference on our order form.if you no longer wish to receive our newsletter and promotional communications, you may opt-out of receiving them by following the instructions included in each newsletter or communication. log filesas is true of most web sites, we gather certain information automatically and store it in log files. this information includes internet protocol (ip) addresses, browser type, internet service provider (isp), referring/exit pages, operating system, date/time stamp, and clickstream data.we use this information, which does not identify individual users, to analyze trends, to administer the site, to track users’ movements around the site and to gather demographic information about our user base as a whole.we do not link this automatically-collected data to personally identifiable information. ip addresses are tied to personally identifiable information to prevent credit card fraud.we are hosted by yahoo! merchant solutions that uses cookies and log files to track non-personally identifiable information about visitors to our site in the aggregate. the information collected provides us with website usage and volume statistics so that we can improve our overall website design. third-party web beaconswe use third-party web beacons from yahoo! to help analyze where visitors go and what they do while visiting our website. yahoo! may also use anonymous information about your visits to this and other websites in order to improve its products and services and provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you. if you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this information used by yahoo!, click here. cookiesa cookie is a small text file that is stored on a user’s computer for record-keeping purposes. we use cookies on this site. we do not link the information we store in cookies to any personally identifiable information you submit while on our site.we use both session id cookies and/or persistent cookies. we use session cookies to make it easier for you to navigate our site. a session id cookie expires when you close you browser. a persistent cookie remains on your hard drive for an extended period of time. you can remove persistent cookies by following directions provided in your internet browser’s “help” file.we set a persistent cookie to store your items placed in your shopping cart, so you don’t have to enter it more than once. persistent cookies also enable us to track and target the interests of our users to enhance the experience on our site.if you reject cookies, you may still use our site, but your ability to use some areas of our site, such as contests or surveys, will be limited. links to other sitesthis web site contains links to other sites that are not owned or controlled by candywarehouse.com please be aware that we, candywarehouse.com, are not responsible for the privacy practices of such other sites.we encourage you to be aware when you leave our site and to read the privacy statements of each and every web site that collects personally identifiable information.this privacy statement applies only to information collected by this web site. blogif you make comments on the candywarehouse.com blog, you should be aware that any personally identifiable information you submit there can be read, collected, or used by other users of these forums, and could be used to send you unsolicited messages. we are not responsible for the personally identifiable information you choose to submit in these forums. securitythe security of your personal information is important to us. when you enter sensitive information (such as credit card number and/or social security number) on our order forms, hosted by yahoo store, we ensure our store provider encrypts that information using secure socket layer technology (ssl).we follow generally accepted industry standards to protect the personal information submitted to us, both during transmission and once we receive it. no method of transmission over the internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure, however. therefore, while we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your personal information, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.if you have any questions about security on our web site, you can send email us at customercare@candywarehouse.com business transitionsin the event candywarehouse.com goes through a business transition, such as a merger, acquisition by another company, or sale of all or a portion of its assets, your personally identifiable information will likely be among the assets transferred. you will be notified via email of any such change in ownership or control of your personal information. changes in this privacy statementif we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes to this privacy statement, the homepage, and other places we deem appropriate so that you are aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances, if any, we disclose it.we reserve the right to modify this privacy statement at any time, so please review it frequently. if we make material changes to this policy, we will notify you here, by email, or by means of a notice on our home page. contact usif you have any questions or suggestions regarding our privacy policy, please contact us at: 310-343-4099, customercare@candywarehouse.com. candywarehouse.com 215 s. douglas street el segundo, ca 90245 u.s.a.