来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20121230120925/http://www.candywarehouse.com/service/faq/
================================================================================

faq's | candywarehouse.com online candy store skip to main content live chat customer care register log in my account log out shopping cart item added to cart candywarehouse.com online candy store fast candy shipped fast candywarehouse.com online candy store candy buffets colors white candyblack candysilver candygold candyassorted pink candyred candyorange candyyellow candyview all colors occasions wedding candybaby shower candybirthday candythank you candypatriotic & political candy christmas candynew year's eve candyvalentine's day candymardi gras candyview all occasions colors colors white candyblack candysilver candygold candyassorted pink candyred candyorange candyyellow candygreen candy blue candypurple candybrown candyview all colors flavors flavors buttery candycaramel candychocolate candycinnamon & spicy candycoconut candy coffee & tea candyfruity candyhoney candyice cream candylicorice candy liquor candymarshmallow candymints & minty candypeanut butter candysoda & root beer candy sour candyvanilla candy view all flavors occasions occasions wedding candybaby shower candybirthday candythank you candypatriotic & political candy christmas candynew year's eve candyvalentine's day candymardi gras candyeaster candy old fashioned & nostalgic candygirl party candyboy party candygame night & card game candycorporate/trade show candy princess party candyanimated & super hero characterssports candyextreme, gross & funny candyview all occasions brands brands airheads candyalbanese confectioneryalbert's candyaltoids candyandes candy annabelle candyasher's chocolatesatkinson's candyatomic fireballs candybazooka candy brands bee international candybob's candybogdon's candybrach's confectionsbrown & haley butterfinger candyc howard's candycadbury candycandyrific candyview all brands candy type candy type bulk chocolatesbulk unwrapped candybulk wrapped candycandy bars & checkout stand candycandy & chocolate mini packs candy sticksgum / bubblegumgummy & jelly candyjawbreakers candyjelly beans lollipops and suckersmetallic foil wrapped chocolatespowder & particle candyrock candy & sugar swizzle stickssugar free candy taffylittle candygiant candycandy display equipment & suppliesview all candy type gifts sale homecustomer carefaq's customer care christmas shipping deadlines contact us faq's minimum order order status privacy policy return policy shipping policy warm weather shipping terms of use candy newsletter send page print page strawberry bon bons candy: 5lb bag sku # 130441 $19.50 giant 14-ounce toblerone chocolate bar sku # 125661 $9.90 crickets snack packs - 3 flavor: 24-piece box sku # 125558 $39.60 squiggly pops petite orange & white swirled lollipops: 48-piece box sku # 130800 $12.00 puffy poles lavender & white jumbo marshmallow twists: 1kg bag sku # 131055 $9.90 squiggly pops petite yellow & white swirled lollipops: 48-piece box sku # 126262 $12.00 old fashioned hard candy sticks - blueberry: 80-piece box sku # 125212 $16.00 hershey's miniature candy bars - mint collection: 30-piece bag sku # 125897 $6.00 coffee crave candy: 5lb bag sku # 125538 $24.50 faq's have a question? well, we have an answer! candy questions just how much is 10 pounds of candy? i'm having a fabulous candy buffet at my wedding. how far in advance should i purchase my candy? the website says you sell jelly beans in a fifty-pound case, but i only want eleven pounds. will you send me a smaller quantity? will you send me a sample before i buy? how clean is your warehouse? what is the shelf life of candy? do you have kosher candy? i want to create a candy buffet for a party with 200 guests. how much candy and what types of candy should i order? shipping questions how much does shipping cost? why is shipping so expensive? does candywarehouse.com ship to canada? can i have my own account billed for shipping expenses? how does candywarehouse.com ensure the integrity of packages? how do i know chocolates and other heat-sensitive candies won't melt in transit during warm weather, especially summer? i just placed my order. when should i expect my candy? where do i include delivery instructions for ups or fedex? can i pick up my candy order myself at your warehouse? does candywarehouse.com ship to countries outside of the united states and canada? ordering questions what is the minimum order amount at the candywarehouse.com store? is the candywarehouse.com store secure? why is my credit card being charged twice for an order? why do you want my telephone number? why do you want my email address? does candywarehouse.com keep my information private and secure? what forms of payment do you take? is there really no tax on candy? do you guarantee that i will be satisfied with my order? i've absolutely got to have my candy next week. what do i do? i've absolutely got to have my candy tomorrow. what do i do? who may order from candywarehouse.com? do you sell to businesses only? i noticed that you have a "promo code" area on your order form. how do i get a promo code? do you have an affiliate program of any sort? where do i need to go if i click the "store pick up" option when ordering? do you offer wholesale prices for businesses? do you price match? do you take orders over the phone? i know from a previous order that your online catalog is very extensive, but do you have any hard copy catalogs that you provide to customers? can you send customers a hard copy catalog via u.s. mail? what happens to my order if i can't pick it up on the day that candywarehouse's customer care department specified? problems? i received the wrong candy. what now? i'd like exchange my candy. what now? i ordered chocolates during the summer and paid to have them shipped "3-4 business days delivery". it's been three days, and they aren't here! do i get my money back? about us questions who works at candywarehouse.com? do you people just eat candy all the time? do you have a store location where i can browse and shop? do you consider product requests from charitable organizations? questions and answers candy questions just how much is 10 pounds of candy? candy piece size varies greatly, but generally speaking, 10 pounds of unwrapped candy is about the size of a shoe box. check out this video for guidance: bulk candy weights and volumes explained we recommend that you share your shoe box of candy with others. don't hoard the candy all to yourself.... that would be naughty. back to faqs i'm having a fabulous candy buffet at my wedding. how far in advance should i purchase my candy? we recommend purchasing at least one month in advance of the day that you will need your candy. all of our products have a shelf life of at least 6 months. your candy will remain fresh if you keep it sealed and stored at room temperature prior to the event. the one month period allows for ups or fedex mistakes such as losing your package in transit. it also allows you time to order more candy if your initial quantity estimates are off. (or if you binge on the candy yourself before the big day!) you can also learn more about candy buffets by checking out our candy buffet page and video. back to faqs the website says you sell jelly beans in a fifty-pound case, but i only want eleven pounds. will you send me a smaller quantity? sorry, but we aren't licensed by the health department to open cases. all candy is shipped just the way we receive it from the manufacturer- we can't break open cases. back to faqs will you send me a sample before i buy? again, we can't open cases, so we don't send samples. back to faqs how clean is your warehouse? candywarehouse.com ensures that our warehouse is clean, tidy, and organized so that our customers always receive the freshest product in perfect condition. we have regular inspections by the orkin man for pests or any creatures that may try to meddle with our candy. plus, our warehouse is always kept cool in our new temperature controlled warehouse which guarantees that our chocolates are not melted in any way. back to faqs what is the shelf life of candy? you can read more about different candy's shelf life here. back to faqs do you have kosher candy? we sure do. you can learn more about kosher candy here or see a list of kosher candy here. there's also a page about mitzvah candy here. back to faqs i want to create a candy buffet for a party with 200 guests. how much candy and what types of candy should i order? please visit our candy buffet builder and read our tips & tricks for useful information on what type of candy and how much candy to order for your special event. get inspired by our candy buffet photo galleries, then dive in to the buffet builder and shop candy by color, type, and occasion to create your own custom candy buffet. back to faqs shipping questions how much does shipping cost? shipping charges vary depending upon your location in the united states and the shipping service that you select. the shipping charge approximately doubles for every upgrade that you perform.... the "2 business days" delivery method will cost about twice as much as the "3 to 4 business days" method. in an effort to be totally transparent about shipping costs, we offer you the option to utilize your own ups or fedex account if you feel you can better deal with those carriers. just select "freight collect" as the shipping method and enter your own ups or fedex account number. for freight collect orders, we charge a $2.00 fee per 50 pound box shipped.... ups or fedex will bill you directly for the actual shipping costs of your packages. for exact shipping costs that we charge for your zip code, there is a green shipping charge calculator button on every product page. you can learn more about shipping on our shipping page here. back to faqs why is shipping so expensive? we agree, shipping sure can be expensive, especially to the eastern half of the continent. we are located in the los angeles area of california. unfortunately, shipping costs are determined by weight and bulk candy has a high shipping-to-product-cost ratio. here is an example: you purchase a diamond for $1,000 and the shipping cost will be say, $20 (2% of the price of the diamond); on the other hand, when you purchase $1,000 worth of candy, your shipping cost will more likely be $200 (20% of the price of the candy). products such as jewelry, cds, electronics, clothing, and flowers are light; therefore, their shipping costs will not represent a large percentage of their total order cost. sweets, for better or for worse, outweigh the competition! back to faqs does candywarehouse.com ship to canada? yes, since 2010 we have been able to ship to canada via ups canada express. delivery takes 3 to 4 business days. the shipping cost calculation does not include canadian duties and taxes which are collected by ups as brokerage fees. back to faqs can i have my own account billed for shipping expenses? if you check the box that says "i want to enter my own account information", this means that you, the customer, have your own shipping account with ups or another freight company. when using this option, you must type your ups or fedex account information on our shipping order form. also in this form, be sure to select the service level that you would like to use, such as "ground" or "next day air". we charge a $2.00 materials and handling fee per 50-pound box for these orders. please note that if you select this option, we at candywarehouse.com rely on your promise that ups or fedex can bill your freight account directly. in the event you or your company does not pay the charges directly to ups or fedex through your freight account and as a result ups or fedex charges the shipping fees to candywarehouse.com, we will automatically bill your credit card for such shipping costs plus a $10 processing fee. back to faqs how does candywarehouse.com ensure the integrity of packages? the candy elves in our warehouse seal every box with our company logo packing tape to ensure that you can detect if the package has been tampered with during transit. if you notice that any seals on the box have been cut or broken open during transit, simply refuse the package so that we can do a damage claim with ups or fedex. back to faqs how do i know chocolates and other heat-sensitive candies won't melt in transit during warm weather, especially summer? unfortunately, we cannot guarantee that certain candies will not melt, but we do our utmost to safeguard against it. most importantly, choose an expedited shipping method ("3 to 4 business days" or "2 business days") and not ground. unlike many of our counterparts, candywarehouse.com provides free gel ice packs with expedited (not ground) orders of meltable products and does not charge for this added service. unfortunately, ice packs only last approximately 24 hours, so they cannot fully prevent heat exposure. additionally, we only ship orders containing meltables on mondays, tuesdays, and wednesdays during warm weather to ensure that your candy will not be stuck in a hot ups or fedex hub over the weekend (defeating the purpose of you paying extra for expedited shipping!). remember, we do not refund for products melted during transit, so consider ordering candies that are not as heat-sensitive during times of warm weather. learn more about summer shipping here. back to faqs i just placed my order. when should i expect my candy? short answer: two weeks is the general rule of thumb for ground shipments. long (but more accurate) answer: candywarehouse.com reserves at least 2 business days to get your order together. after that, ups and fedex won't guarantee any set amount of time for ground shipment. usually, though, they get anywhere in the us in 5-8 business days. so, you should plan for your candy to come in 7-10 business days, or about two weeks. back to faqs where do i include delivery instructions for ups or fedex? we often get requests to deliver before a certain time, leave the package in the garage, leave the package with a neighbor, etc. right now, we aren't able to pass on your instructions to ups or fedex. you can give delivery instructions that will stay in ups's files- just call 1-800-pick-ups. otherwise, we'd suggest leaving a note on the door. back to faqs can i pick up my candy order myself at your warehouse? absolutely! if you live in the los angeles area you can save on shipping costs and arrange to come by our warehouse at 215 s. douglas street, el segundo, ca 90245 to pick-up your order. but, you must submit your online order first, and make sure you have received a phone call or email from us detailing that your order is ready for pick-up before coming in. keep in mind that we require up to two business days to process your order. if you have fast-approaching a deadline or plan to be in the neighborhood on a specific date, call us first and we will let you know if we can rush the order through for you. we look forward to your visit! back to faqs does candywarehouse.com ship to countries outside of the united states and canada? candywarehouse.com does service orders outside of united states and canada if the following criteria are met: 1. the order is placed inside of the united states or canada. 2. a minimum order of $10,000 usd is reached. 3. customer arranges and meets all import duties, freight and custom charges. 4. payment is made via check, money order or wire transfer in us dollars. please note we cannot release an order into all funds are received. you may contact our customer service department to place an international order at (310) 343-4099. see our shipping policy for more details. back to faqs ordering questions what is the minimum order amount at the candywarehouse.com store? a minimum of $15 of merchandise is required. back to faqs is the candywarehouse.com store secure? yes, the candywarehouse.com store is verified secure by verisign and all information is stored remotely on our secure servers. the site utilizes security monitoring and 128-bit encryption of all critical data. only encryped credit card information is saved (no credit card numbers or other sensitive data). back to faqs why is my credit card being charged twice for an order? banks often require a pending authorization in addition to the actual charge on your credit/debit card. this is why you see the "charge" twice. you will only be charged once and the pending authorization should be removed by your bank within 7-10 days. if the pending authorization is not removed within that timeframe, make sure to call your bank. back to faqs why do you want my telephone number? so we can bother you in the middle of the night with prank phone calls! just kidding. we promise not to use your number unless we need to contact you regarding your order (i.e. if we're out of stock, or would like to suggest a cheaper replacement item, etc.) back to faqs why do you want my email address? likewise, we've found that the best way to keep our customers is not to annoy them! we won't clog your inbox with spam. we certainly wouldn't ever sell your information to other companies to solicit you. we only ask for your email address in case we need to get in touch with you- that's it! we do not spam our customers. back to faqs does candywarehouse.com keep my information private and secure? yes. we take the safety of your personal information very seriously. we use a wide array of electronic and physical security measures to protect your personal information from unauthorized access.  for a complete description of security and privacy policies, click here. back to faqs what forms of payment do you take? is there really no tax on candy? we accept visa, mastercard, american express, and discover card. you can also send us a check or money order (though it takes longer for us to be able to ship orders paid with check or money order) or you can set up an account with us. it's true! there isn't any tax on candy sold in california and we don't charge tax on out of state orders. our payment policy page is here. back to faqs do you guarantee that i will be satisfied with my order? satisfaction is guaranteed on all non-chocolate orders. if you receive candy that is broken, damaged, or not the item you ordered, please call or email us within 3-5 business days of receipt of the order, as determined by ups tracking. unfortunately, we cannot guarantee chocolates or any meltable items. back to faqs i've absolutely got to have my candy next week. what do i do? when you upgrade your shipping, your order takes priority. orders sent "next day air" or "2nd day air", will ship in 2 business days or less. so, when placing your order, add a couple of days, then pick your shipping accordingly. back to faqs i've absolutely got to have my candy tomorrow. what do i do? give us a call, and we'll do our best to accommodate your needs. back to faqs who may order from candywarehouse.com? do you sell to businesses only? we at candywarehouse.com celebrate the private citizen's right to enjoy an entire case of candy, whether or not he or she should eat all 10 pounds of those champagne bubbles (goodness knows we've had experience!). we proudly welcome all our customers -- people as well as businesses. back to faqs i noticed that you have a "promo code" area on your order form. how do i get a promo code? sign-up for the candywarehouse.com newsletter, like us on facebook and follow us on pinterest to be the first to hear about special promotions, contests and giveaways throughout the year! back to faqs do you have an affiliate program of any sort? candywarehouse.com offers an affiliate program with payouts of 10% of candy sales. join our network of jolly candy elves today! sign up here: commission junction. we look forward to a profitable partnership! back to faqs where do i need to go if i click the "store pick up" option when ordering? candywarehouse.com 215 s. douglas street el segundo, ca 90245 usa back to faqs do you offer wholesale prices for businesses? candywarehouse is not offering special wholesale prices for business at this time. back to faqs do you price match? candywarehouse does not match prices for products found elsewhere at stores or on the internet. back to faqs do you take orders over the phone? candywarehouse is available for phone orders monday through friday from 7:00am to 6:00pm pst. you can reach us at 310-343-4099. back to faqs i know from a previous order that your online catalog is very extensive, but do you have any hard copy catalogs that you provide to customers? due to the vast number of products we offer and the ever-changing quantities of candy we keep on hand, we only offer an electronic catalog at candywarehouse.com. easy to navigate by candy color, flavor, size, candy type, occasion, and other categories, our website provides our customers with the most up-to-date and comprehensive database of candy products available. back to faqs can you send customers a hard copy catalog via u.s. mail? due to the vast number of products we offer and the ever-changing quantities of candy we keep on hand, we only offer an electronic catalog at candywarehouse.com. easy to navigate by candy color, candy type, occasion and other categories, our website provides our customers with the most up-to-date and comprehensive database of candy products available. back to faqs what happens to my order if i can't pick it up on the day that candywarehouse's customer care department specified? if you can't make it to our el segundo, california location during our business hours monday through friday, candywarehouse will hold your order for pick-up for up to one week. please note that orders that are not picked up within the specified timeframe are subject to a 10% restocking fee unless a prior agreement is made with our customer care department. back to faqs problems? i received the wrong candy. what now? first, we respectfully ask that you double check to make sure that you didn't get what you ordered. look over your order confirmation- it was emailed to you on the day you placed your order. also, large orders that are shipped in several different boxes may arrive on different days. if you're certain we sent the wrong item, simply print out the return label on the "returns" page of our website, tape it to the return box, and send the box back to us. please give us a call or email to let us know that we should be expecting a return. don't forget to include your order number! we ask that you send all returns back to our el segundo address. upon receipt, we will reimburse you for the shipping expenses, and then send out the right item. back to faqs i'd like exchange my candy. what now? to protect our customers’ health and safety, we do not accept returns on candy. we only accept returns of non-edible items that have not been worn or used (apparel, accessories, etc.). if you have an issue with your candy order, please contact customer care monday through friday between 7:00am and 6:00pm pst at 310-343-4099 or by email at sales@candywarehouse.com. refunds for returns of non-edible items exclude shipping costs, and the customer is responsible for shipping the products back to us in their original condition. a 20% restocking fee will be applied to all returns. check out our detailed return policy here. back to faqs i ordered chocolates during the summer and paid to have them shipped "3-4 business days delivery". it's been three days, and they aren't here! do i get my money back? sadly, no. since there are only three business days (monday through wednesday) out of the week that we can ship chocolates during the summer due to high temperatures, we are unable to guarantee that your order will be shipped right away. we do our absolute best to pack orders as soon as we get them, and ship within a 2 day period. learn more about our summer shipping policies here. back to faqs about us questions who works at candywarehouse.com? candywarehouse.com is populated entirely by happy little elves that ran away from santa claus's workshop, or as we like to call it, mr. evilbeard's horrorshop. we like it here because the uniform doesn't require those uncomfortable pointy shoes. plus, the weather in sunny california is much nicer than the weather at the north pole. take a look at our staff page here. back to faqs do you people just eat candy all the time? all day long, it's all we do. wouldn't you do the same? that's why we're all so sweet at candywarehouse! (-: you can see just how sweet by reading testimonials from our happy customers! back to faqs do you have a store location where i can browse and shop? currently, we don't have a showroom. so, while we don't like to say that we're not open to the public (after all, we love getting visited), we currently don't have a place for you to come and browse around. also, you could possibly be crushed by a forklift in our warehouse! (-: back to faqs do you consider product requests from charitable organizations? absolutely. however, due to the sheer number of requests sent to us and our own time and business constraints, we can only give to a limited number of charitable organizations and causes each year.  if you would like to make a request for a product donation, please email donations@candywarehouse.com and tell us a little bit about your organization, what kind of donation and quantity you are seeking, and applicable deadlines. please note since our company is based in southern california, we try to focus the majority of our giving to local communities. back to faqs can't find what you are looking for? click here to ask your own question. ask a question about candy questions ask a question about shipping questions ask a question about ordering questions ask a question about problems? ask a question about about us questions candywarehouse about us meet the elves clean and tidy warehouse customer care shipping policy faqs contact us check order status return policy resources affiliate program candy shelf life bar/ bat mitzvah candy kosher candy wedding candy press candy video games welcome x welcome to candywarehouse.com! america's favorite online candy store! looking for bulk candy, retro candy, or themed candies for weddings or holidays? it's all here, including major brands like willy wonka or pop rocks, and even specialty treats like gourmet lollipops and rock candy. also check out the most popular candy searches on our website! pamper your palate with fresh candy shipped fast from friendly elves. learn more about us videos photo gallery candy blog sweet stories live chat search privacy policy . site map . terms of use copyright © 1998-2012. all rights reserved. candywarehouse.com, inc. - online bulk candy store