来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20131229165552/http://www.candywarehouse.com/service/faq/
================================================================================

faq's | candywarehouse.com online candy store skip to main content customer care register log in my account log out shopping cart item added to cart candywarehouse.com online candy store fast candy shipped fast candywarehouse.com online candy store candy buffets colors white candyblack candysilver candygold candyassorted pink candyred candyorange candyyellow candyview all colors occasions wedding candybaby shower candybar mitzvah - bat mitzvah candybirthday candythank you candy valentine's day candymardi gras candyst. patrick's day candyeaster candyview all occasions colors colors white candyblack candysilver candygold candyassorted pink candyred candyorange candyyellow candygreen candy blue candypurple candybrown candyview all colors flavors flavors buttery candycaramel candychocolate candycinnamon & spicy candycoconut candy coffee & tea candyfruity candyhoney candyice cream candylicorice candy liquor candymarshmallow candymints & minty candypeanut butter candysoda & root beer candy sour candyvanilla candy view all flavors occasions occasions wedding candybaby shower candybar mitzvah - bat mitzvah candybirthday candythank you candy valentine's day candymardi gras candyst. patrick's day candyeaster candypatriotic & political candy old fashioned & nostalgic candygirl party candyboy party candygame night & card game candycorporate/trade show candy princess party candyanimated & super hero characterssports candyextreme, gross & funny candyview all occasions brands brands airheads candyalbanese confectioneryalbert's candyaltoids candyandes candy annabelle candyasher's chocolatesatkinson's candyatomic fireballs candybaby ruth candy bazooka candy brandsbee international candybob's candybogdon's candybrach's confections brown & haleybutterfinger candyc howard's candycadbury candyview all brands candy type candy type bulk chocolatesbulk unwrapped candybulk wrapped candycandy bars & checkout stand candycandy & chocolate mini packs candy sticksgum / bubblegumgummy & jelly candyjawbreakers candyjelly beans lollipops and suckersmetallic foil wrapped chocolatespowder & particle candyrock candy & sugar swizzle stickssugar free candy candy scoops, jars, bags, and accessoriestaffylittle candygiant candyview all candy type gifts sale homecustomer carefaq's customer care contact us faq's minimum order order status privacy policy return policy shipping policy warm weather shipping terms of use candy newsletter send page print page you have not viewed any products recently. faq's have a question? well, we have an answer! candy questions just how much is 10 pounds of candy? i'm having a fabulous candy buffet at my wedding. how far in advance should i purchase my candy? the website says you sell jelly beans in a fifty-pound case, but i only want eleven pounds. will you send me a smaller quantity? will you send me a sample before i buy? how clean is your warehouse? what is the shelf life of candy? do you have kosher candy? i want to create a candy buffet for a party with 200 guests. how much candy and what types of candy should i order? do m&ms have contain any gluten, e.g. in starch ingredients? my husband has gluten allergy but there is no info on your website about this. thank you. is it possible to get ingredient/ food allergy information before ordering? we're planning on doing a candy buffet for a child's birthday with severe food allergies. what is the most popular candy sold at candywarehouse.com? when an item says out of stock, how long does it take to be in stock? my candy showed up in the mail, but it’s hard as a rock! i didn’t order hard candy… what gives? shipping questions how much does shipping cost? why is shipping so expensive? does candywarehouse.com ship to canada? can i have my own freight account (e.g., ups, fedex, etc.) billed for shipping expenses? how does candywarehouse.com ensure the integrity of packages? how do i know chocolates and other heat-sensitive candies won't melt in transit during warm weather, especially summer? i just placed my order. when should i expect my candy? where do i include delivery instructions for ups or fedex? can i pick up my candy order myself at your warehouse? does candywarehouse.com ship to countries outside of the united states and canada? do you have any delicious sugar free candy for diabetics? do you ship to apo addresses? ordering questions why should i buy from candywarehouse.com? what is the minimum order amount at the candywarehouse.com store? is the candywarehouse.com store secure? why is my credit card being charged twice for an order? why do you want my telephone number? why do you want my email address? does candywarehouse.com keep my information private and secure? what forms of payment do you take? is there really no tax on candy? do you guarantee that i will be satisfied with my order? i've absolutely got to have my candy next week. what do i do? i've absolutely got to have my candy tomorrow. what do i do? who may order from candywarehouse.com? do you sell to businesses only? i noticed that you have a "promo code" area on your order form. how do i get a promo code? do you have an affiliate program of any sort? where do i need to go if i click the "store pick up" option when ordering? do you offer wholesale prices for businesses? do you price match? do you take orders over the phone? i know from a previous order that your online catalog is very extensive, but do you have any hard copy catalogs that you provide to customers? can you send customers a hard copy catalog via u.s. mail? what happens to my order if i can't pick it up on the day that candywarehouse's customer care department specified? do you offer wholesale discounts to businesses? are you open to the public? can we just come by and shop? problems? i received the wrong candy. what now? i'd like exchange my candy. what now? i ordered chocolates during the summer and paid to have them shipped "3-4 business days delivery". it's been three days, and they aren't here! do i get my money back? how do i reset my password? about us questions who works at candywarehouse.com? do you people just eat candy all the time? do you have a store location where i can browse and shop? do you consider product requests from charitable organizations? does your store have people that come out and setup the candy table or do you give tips on how to set one up? how do i fill out an application for a job? is your company open on saturdays for customer pick up? where is your warehouse located for pick up? questions and answers candy questions just how much is 10 pounds of candy? candy piece size varies greatly, but generally speaking, 10 pounds of unwrapped candy is about the size of a shoe box. check out this video for guidance: bulk candy weights and volumes explained we recommend that you share your shoe box of candy with others. don't hoard the candy all to yourself.... that would be naughty. back to faqs i'm having a fabulous candy buffet at my wedding. how far in advance should i purchase my candy? we recommend purchasing at least one month in advance of the day that you will need your candy. all of our products have a shelf life of at least 2 months. your candy will remain fresh if you keep it sealed and stored at room temperature prior to the event. the one month period allows for ups or fedex mistakes such as losing your package in transit. it also allows you time to order more candy if your initial quantity estimates are off. (or if you binge on the candy yourself before the big day!) you can also learn more about candy buffets by checking out our candy buffet page and video. back to faqs the website says you sell jelly beans in a fifty-pound case, but i only want eleven pounds. will you send me a smaller quantity? sorry, but we aren't licensed by the health department to open cases. all candy is shipped just the way we receive it from the manufacturer- we can't break open cases. back to faqs will you send me a sample before i buy? again, we can't open cases, so we don't send samples. back to faqs how clean is your warehouse? candywarehouse.com ensures that our warehouse is clean, tidy, and organized so that our customers always receive the freshest product in perfect condition. we have regular inspections by the orkin man for pests or any creatures that may try to meddle with our candy. plus, our warehouse is always kept cool in our new temperature controlled warehouse which guarantees that our chocolates are not melted in any way. back to faqs what is the shelf life of candy? you can read more about different candy's shelf life here. back to faqs do you have kosher candy? we sure do. you can learn more about kosher candy here or see a list of kosher candy here. there's also a page about mitzvah candy here. back to faqs i want to create a candy buffet for a party with 200 guests. how much candy and what types of candy should i order? please visit our candy buffet builder and read our tips & tricks for useful information on what type of candy and how much candy to order for your special event. get inspired by our candy buffet photo galleries, then dive in to the buffet builder and shop candy by color, type, and occasion to create your own custom candy buffet. back to faqs do m&ms have contain any gluten, e.g. in starch ingredients? my husband has gluten allergy but there is no info on your website about this. thank you. all m&ms are gluten free, except for pretzel m&ms (which contain wheat). however, mars manufactures most of their m&m products in the same factories, so there is always a chance of cross-contamination between the pretzel products and all the rest. while the chance is rather small, this is an important note to take into consideration for individuals who are very gluten sensitive. back to faqs is it possible to get ingredient/ food allergy information before ordering? we're planning on doing a candy buffet for a child's birthday with severe food allergies. candywarehouse is not the manufacturer of any of the products on our website, so we would not be able to provide you with any specific ingredient or allergen information. we would suggest that you contact the manufacturer directly to get the most reliable and up-to-date information. if you have any questions regarding specific candies and their manufacturers, feel free to contact us first for help! back to faqs what is the most popular candy sold at candywarehouse.com? we have a number of top-selling items, due simply to the wide variety of candy for different holidays, seasons, and special occassions. thus, best sellers often vary from month to month. but if you want to check out what's hot at the moment, you can always take a peek at the top sellers tab on our homepage! back to faqs when an item says out of stock, how long does it take to be in stock? to make sure our candy stays as fresh as possible, we don’t overcrowd our warehouse with extra products. because of this, however, sometimes our candies will run out of stock. when that happens, the arrival date of new sweets is dependent upon many factors. some candies will be on order the second they’re running low, so those might be back in stock in a matter of days. other candies are seasonal and are only available at certain times of the year. in these cases, it may take months. in some instances, extenuating circumstances may have prevented a candy from being produced a certain year, or the candy may have been discontinued by the manufacturer. permanent discontinuations are typically marked as such on the product page. in short, there’s no exact time frame in which you can expect a product to return to our warehouse, so if you have specific questions, feel free to contact customer care for more information: http://www.candywarehouse.com/service/contact/ back to faqs my candy showed up in the mail, but it’s hard as a rock! i didn’t order hard candy… what gives? certain candies (such as chocolates, gummies, and caramels) are capable of freezing during the shipping process, so during cold weather months, they may do just that! remember, any candies marked "meltable" are also susceptible to chilly temperatures. so if your candy happens to arrive a little harder than you expected, just set it out in a room temperature environment and allow it time to thaw. note: it may take up to 48 hours for candy to return to normal, but rest assured that its quality has in no way been compromised! back to faqs shipping questions how much does shipping cost? shipping charges vary depending upon your location in the united states and the shipping service that you select. the shipping charge approximately doubles for every upgrade that you perform.... the "2 business days" delivery method will cost about twice as much as the "3 to 4 business days" method. in an effort to be totally transparent about shipping costs, we offer you the option to utilize your own ups or fedex account if you feel you can get better pricing with those carriers yourself. just select "freight collect" as the shipping method and enter your own ups or fedex account number. for freight collect orders, ups or fedex will bill you directly for the actual shipping costs of your packages. you can learn more about shipping on our shipping page here. back to faqs why is shipping so expensive? we agree, shipping sure can be expensive, especially to the eastern half of the continent. we are located in the los angeles area of california. unfortunately, shipping costs are determined by weight and bulk candy has a high shipping-to-product-cost ratio. here is an example: you purchase a diamond for $1,000 and the shipping cost will be say, $20 (2% of the price of the diamond); on the other hand, when you purchase $1,000 worth of candy, your shipping cost will more likely be $200 (20% of the price of the candy). products such as jewelry, cds, electronics, clothing, and flowers are light; therefore, their shipping costs will not represent a large percentage of their total order cost. sweets, for better or for worse, outweigh the competition! back to faqs does candywarehouse.com ship to canada? yes, since 2010 we have been able to ship to canada via ups canada express. delivery takes 3 to 4 business days. the shipping cost calculation does not include canadian duties and taxes which are collected by ups as brokerage fees. back to faqs can i have my own freight account (e.g., ups, fedex, etc.) billed for shipping expenses? yes.  just check the box that says "i want to enter my own account information" on the shipping page when checking out.  make sure to (1) type your freight account information/ number and (2) select your desired shipping method (e.g., ground shipping, next day air, etc.).  *important* - if you select this option, candywarehouse.com relies on your promise that your freight account is valid and can be billed directly. in the event you or your company does not pay the shipping charges directly to your freight company and as a result candywarehouse.com is charged such costs, we will automatically bill your credit card for such shipping costs plus a $10 processing fee. back to faqs how does candywarehouse.com ensure the integrity of packages? the candy elves in our warehouse seal every box with our company logo packing tape to ensure that you can detect if the package has been tampered with during transit. if you notice that any seals on the box have been cut or broken open during transit, simply refuse the package so that we can do a damage claim with ups or fedex. back to faqs how do i know chocolates and other heat-sensitive candies won't melt in transit during warm weather, especially summer? unfortunately, we cannot guarantee that certain candies will not melt, but we do our utmost to safeguard against it. most importantly, choose an expedited shipping method ("3 to 4 business days" or "2 business days") and not ground. unlike many of our counterparts, candywarehouse.com provides free gel ice packs with expedited (not ground) orders of meltable products and does not charge for this added service. unfortunately, ice packs only last approximately 24 hours, so they cannot fully prevent heat exposure. additionally, we only ship orders containing meltables on mondays, tuesdays, and wednesdays during warm weather to ensure that your candy will not be stuck in a hot ups or fedex hub over the weekend (defeating the purpose of you paying extra for expedited shipping!). remember, we do not refund for products melted during transit, so consider ordering candies that are not as heat-sensitive during times of warm weather. learn more about summer shipping here. back to faqs i just placed my order. when should i expect my candy? short answer: two weeks is the general rule of thumb for ground shipments. long (but more accurate) answer: candywarehouse.com reserves up to 2 business days to get your order together. after that, ups and fedex won't guarantee any set amount of time for ground shipment. usually, though, they get anywhere in the us in 5-8 business days. so, you should plan for your candy to come in 7-10 business days, or about two weeks. back to faqs where do i include delivery instructions for ups or fedex? we often get requests to deliver before a certain time, leave the package in the garage, leave the package with a neighbor, etc. right now, we aren't able to pass on your instructions to ups or fedex. you can give delivery instructions that will stay in ups's files- just call 1-800-pick-ups. otherwise, we'd suggest leaving a note on the door. back to faqs can i pick up my candy order myself at your warehouse? absolutely! if you live in the los angeles area you can save on shipping costs and arrange to come by our warehouse at 215 s. douglas street, el segundo, ca 90245 to pick-up your order. but, you must submit your online order first, and make sure you have received a phone call or email from us detailing that your order is ready for pick-up before coming in. keep in mind that we require up to two business days to process your order. if you have fast-approaching a deadline or plan to be in the neighborhood on a specific date, call us first and we will let you know if we can rush the order through for you. we look forward to your visit! back to faqs does candywarehouse.com ship to countries outside of the united states and canada? candywarehouse.com does service orders outside of united states and canada if the following criteria are met: 1. the order is placed inside of the united states or canada. 2. a minimum order of $10,000 usd is reached. 3. customer arranges and meets all import duties, freight and custom charges. 4. payment is made via check, money order or wire transfer in us dollars. please note we cannot release an order until all funds are received. you may contact our customer service department to place an international order at (310) 343-4099. see our shipping policy for more details. back to faqs do you have any delicious sugar free candy for diabetics? we do! from chocolates to hard candies to gummies and everything in between, check out our delicious range of sugar free candies here: http://www.candywarehouse.com/candy-type/sugar-free-candy/ back to faqs do you ship to apo addresses? yes! we gladly ship to apo and fpo addresses. please note, these orders are usually shipped via usps priority mail, and in certain cases this delivery may take up to 4 weeks. for more information regarding our standard shipping procedures, please visit our shipping policy page: http://www.candywarehouse.com/service/shippingpolicy/. back to faqs ordering questions why should i buy from candywarehouse.com? we understand you have many choices when selecting a resource for your bulk candy and party supply purchases, and we appreciate that you're considering candywarehouse.com. since launching our online candy store in 1998, we've been dedicated to providing customers the best and widest selection of traditional, seasonal, nostalgic, and hard-to-find candy possible. chances are, you'll find exactly what you're looking for right here! here are few reasons to shop with candywarehouse.com: easy-to-use website: shop our entire inventory by color, flavor, occasion, brand and candy type. candy buffet builder: use this exclusive planning tool to design a candy display in your favorite color or theme. how-to videos: learn fun ways to decorate with candy for any party, occasion or event. tips & tricks: peruse pointers for creating do-it-yourself party favors and candy buffets. design ideas & sweet inspiration: ignite your creativity with our candy buffet photo gallery, featuring colorful, seasonal, and unique candy displays. clear product photographs: view product packaging and detailed images of individual items. thorough product descriptions: read comprehensive information for each item, including color, flavor, texture, size, weight, unit price, and more. fast and easy checkout: save your account information to make ordering even quicker. plus, use the shipping calendar to make sure your candy arrives for your event in plenty of time. climate-controlled warehouse: our facilities are designed to keep the entire candy inventory in top condition. first-class inventory control: our system is highly monitored to ensure candy freshness at all times. experienced call center representatives: our highly trained staff members are available monday-friday from 6am-6pm pst to answer your specific candy questions, so you have the most accurate information when you're ready to make your purchase. with over 1 million customers served, we hope you'll choose candywarehouse.com for all your candy and party supply needs! back to faqs what is the minimum order amount at the candywarehouse.com store? no minimum order! back to faqs is the candywarehouse.com store secure? yes, the candywarehouse.com store is verified secure by verisign and all information is stored remotely on our secure servers. the site utilizes security monitoring and 128-bit encryption of all critical data. only encryped credit card information is saved (no credit card numbers or other sensitive data). back to faqs why is my credit card being charged twice for an order? banks often require a pending authorization in addition to the actual charge on your credit/debit card. this is why you see the "charge" twice. you will only be charged once and the pending authorization should be removed by your bank within 7-10 days. if the pending authorization is not removed within that timeframe, make sure to call your bank. back to faqs why do you want my telephone number? so we can bother you in the middle of the night with prank phone calls! just kidding. we promise not to use your number unless we need to contact you regarding your order (i.e. if we're out of stock, or would like to suggest a cheaper replacement item, etc.) back to faqs why do you want my email address? likewise, we've found that the best way to keep our customers is not to annoy them! we won't clog your inbox with spam. we certainly wouldn't ever sell your information to other companies to solicit you. we only ask for your email address in case we need to get in touch with you- that's it! we do not spam our customers. back to faqs does candywarehouse.com keep my information private and secure? yes. we take the safety of your personal information very seriously. we use a wide array of electronic and physical security measures to protect your personal information from unauthorized access.  for a complete description of security and privacy policies, click here. back to faqs what forms of payment do you take? is there really no tax on candy? we accept visa, mastercard, american express, and discover card. you can also send us a check or money order (though it takes longer for us to be able to ship orders paid with check or money order) or you can set up an account with us. it's true! there isn't any tax on candy sold in california and we don't charge tax on out of state orders. our payment policy page is here. back to faqs do you guarantee that i will be satisfied with my order? satisfaction is guaranteed on all non-chocolate orders. if you receive candy that is broken, damaged, or not the item you ordered, please call or email us within 3-5 business days of receipt of the order, as determined by ups tracking. unfortunately, we cannot guarantee chocolates or any meltable items. back to faqs i've absolutely got to have my candy next week. what do i do? when you upgrade your shipping, your order takes priority. orders sent "next day air" or "2nd day air", will ship in 2 business days or less. so, when placing your order, add a couple of days, then pick your shipping accordingly. back to faqs i've absolutely got to have my candy tomorrow. what do i do? give us a call, and we'll do our best to accommodate your needs. back to faqs who may order from candywarehouse.com? do you sell to businesses only? we at candywarehouse.com celebrate the private citizen's right to enjoy an entire case of candy, whether or not he or she should eat all 10 pounds of those champagne bubbles (goodness knows we've had experience!). we proudly welcome all our customers -- people as well as businesses. back to faqs i noticed that you have a "promo code" area on your order form. how do i get a promo code? sign-up for the candywarehouse.com newsletter, like us on facebook and follow us on pinterest to be the first to hear about special promotions, contests and giveaways throughout the year! back to faqs do you have an affiliate program of any sort? candywarehouse.com offers an affiliate program with payouts of 10% of candy sales. join our network of jolly candy elves today! sign up here: commission junction. we look forward to a profitable partnership! back to faqs where do i need to go if i click the "store pick up" option when ordering? candywarehouse.com 215 s. douglas street el segundo, ca 90245 usa back to faqs do you offer wholesale prices for businesses? candywarehouse is not offering special wholesale prices for business at this time. back to faqs do you price match? candywarehouse does not match prices for products found elsewhere at stores or on the internet. back to faqs do you take orders over the phone? candywarehouse is available for phone orders monday through friday from 7:00am to 6:00pm pst. you can reach us at 310-343-4099. back to faqs i know from a previous order that your online catalog is very extensive, but do you have any hard copy catalogs that you provide to customers? due to the vast number of products we offer and the ever-changing quantities of candy we keep on hand, we only offer an electronic catalog at candywarehouse.com. easy to navigate by candy color, flavor, size, candy type, occasion, and other categories, our website provides our customers with the most up-to-date and comprehensive database of candy products available. back to faqs can you send customers a hard copy catalog via u.s. mail? due to the vast number of products we offer and the ever-changing quantities of candy we keep on hand, we only offer an electronic catalog at candywarehouse.com. easy to navigate by candy color, candy type, occasion and other categories, our website provides our customers with the most up-to-date and comprehensive database of candy products available. back to faqs what happens to my order if i can't pick it up on the day that candywarehouse's customer care department specified? if you can't make it to our el segundo, california location during our business hours monday through friday, candywarehouse will hold your order for pick-up for up to one week. please note that orders that are not picked up within the specified timeframe are subject to a 10% restocking fee unless a prior agreement is made with our customer care department. back to faqs do you offer wholesale discounts to businesses? unfortunately, candywarehouse does not sell products at wholesale prices. we strictly sell at retail. however, some of the products that we feature on our website are available wholesale from yumjunkie. please visit the yumjunkie website for more information: http://www.yumjunkie.com back to faqs are you open to the public? can we just come by and shop? unfortunately, candywarehouse is not a physical store, and our warehouse is not open to the public. however, local residents or customers visiting los angeles may pick up orders here from our lobby in order to avoid paying shipping fees. simply place your order and select "customer pick up" as your shipping option. standard processing time is about one to two business days, and we will notify you via telephone or email when your order is ready to be picked up. our pick-up hours are monday-friday from 8am-6 pm pst. back to faqs problems? i received the wrong candy. what now? first, we respectfully ask that you double check to make sure that you didn't get what you ordered. look over your order confirmation- it was emailed to you on the day you placed your order. also, large orders that are shipped in several different boxes may arrive on different days. if you're certain we sent the wrong item, simply print out the return label on the "returns" page of our website, tape it to the return box, and send the box back to us. please give us a call or email to let us know that we should be expecting a return. don't forget to include your order number! we ask that you send all returns back to our el segundo address. upon receipt, we will reimburse you for the shipping expenses, and then send out the right item. back to faqs i'd like exchange my candy. what now? to protect our customers’ health and safety, we do not accept returns on candy. we only accept returns of non-edible items that have not been worn or used (apparel, accessories, etc.). if you have an issue with your candy order, please contact customer care monday through friday between 7:00am and 6:00pm pst at 310-343-4099 or by email at sales@candywarehouse.com. refunds for returns of non-edible items exclude shipping costs, and the customer is responsible for shipping the products back to us in their original condition. a 20% restocking fee will be applied to all returns. check out our detailed return policy here. back to faqs i ordered chocolates during the summer and paid to have them shipped "3-4 business days delivery". it's been three days, and they aren't here! do i get my money back? sadly, no. since there are only three business days (monday through wednesday) out of the week that we can ship chocolates during the summer due to high temperatures, we are unable to guarantee that your order will be shipped right away. we do our absolute best to pack orders as soon as we get them, and ship within a 2 day period. learn more about our summer shipping policies here. back to faqs how do i reset my password? if you have forgotten your password and are not able to log in, simply click the "forgot your password?" link beneath the purple "login" button on the login page. you will be prompted to enter your e-mail address, and shortly thereafter you should receive an e-mail containing your old password. after logging in, you will be required to reset your password. remember, you can also change your username and password at any time by clicking on the "change password" link after logging in. back to faqs about us questions who works at candywarehouse.com? candywarehouse.com is populated entirely by happy little elves that ran away from santa claus's workshop, or as we like to call it, mr. evilbeard's horrorshop. we like it here because the uniform doesn't require those uncomfortable pointy shoes. plus, the weather in sunny california is much nicer than the weather at the north pole. get to know our leadership team here. back to faqs do you people just eat candy all the time? all day long, it's all we do. wouldn't you do the same? that's why we're all so sweet at candywarehouse! (-: you can see just how sweet by reading testimonials from our happy customers! back to faqs do you have a store location where i can browse and shop? currently, we don't have a showroom. so, while we don't like to say that we're not open to the public (after all, we love getting visited), we currently don't have a place for you to come and browse around. also, you could possibly be crushed by a forklift in our warehouse! (-: back to faqs do you consider product requests from charitable organizations? absolutely. however, due to the sheer number of requests sent to us and our own time and business constraints, we can only give to a limited number of charitable organizations and causes each year.  if you would like to make a request for a product donation, please email donations@candywarehouse.com and tell us a little bit about your organization, what kind of donation and quantity you are seeking, and applicable deadlines. please note since our company is based in southern california, we try to focus the majority of our giving to local communities. back to faqs does your store have people that come out and setup the candy table or do you give tips on how to set one up? unfortunately, our candy elves can’t help set up any candy buffets, but check out our video section for some tips and tricks to help plan and create your own! trust us, they’re just as fun to make as they are to eat! here are a few ideas to get you started: http://www.candywarehouse.com/videos/create-a-colorful-candy-buffet/ back to faqs how do i fill out an application for a job? we currently do not have job openings, but you may submit your resume to sales@candywarehouse.com for potential future consideration. back to faqs is your company open on saturdays for customer pick up? our warehouse is open for customer pick-up from 8am-6pm pst monday-friday. our offices and warehouse are closed saturday and sunday, and certain holidays. back to faqs where is your warehouse located for pick up? we are located in el segundo, california, just a few miles away from lax airport! our physical address is 215 south douglas street, el segundo, ca 90245. back to faqs can't find what you are looking for? click here to ask your own question. ask a question about candy questions ask a question about shipping questions ask a question about ordering questions ask a question about problems? ask a question about about us questions candywarehouse about us leadership team clean and tidy warehouse customer care shipping policy faqs contact us check order status return policy resources affiliate program candy shelf life bar/ bat mitzvah candy kosher candy wedding candy press candy video games welcome x welcome to candywarehouse.com! america's favorite online candy store! looking for bulk candy, retro candy, or themed candies for weddings or holidays? it's all here, including major brands like willy wonka or pop rocks, and even specialty treats like gourmet lollipops and rock candy. also check out the most popular candy searches on our website! pamper your palate with fresh candy shipped fast from friendly elves. learn more about us videos photo gallery candy blog sweet stories search privacy policy . site map . terms of use copyright © 1998-2014. all rights reserved. candywarehouse.com, inc. - online bulk candy store