来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20181220023634/https://www.candywarehouse.com/service/returnpolicy/
================================================================================

return policy | candywarehouse.com skip to main content enter your email address and we'll send you your shopping cart: sign me up for candy-related emails questions? call 310.343.4099 bulk candy colors view all flavors caramel candy  licorice candy  liquor candy  mints and mint candy  sour candy view all candy type lollipops and suckers  jelly beans  rock candy & sugar swizzle sticks  gummy & chewy candy  candy scoops, jars, bags, and accessories view all themes summer candy - carnival & festival favorites  autumn & thanksgiving candy  halloween candy  old fashioned candy & retro sweets  wedding candy view all accessories gifts candy buffets brands pez candy  jelly belly candy  sour patch candy  m&m-mars candy  hershey kisses view all sale new custom / business x processing your order. please wait ... open navigation customer care register log in my account log out search item added to cart print | email | share you have not viewed any products recently. open navigation customer care contact us faq's account setup minimum order order status privacy policy return policy shipping policy warm weather shipping shipping alerts terms of use return policy return policy: candywarehouse does not accept returns of any edible products. all return/refund requests must be made to our customer care department within 10 business days of receipt of your order (determined by ups/fedex tracking) and must be authorized by customer service in advance. to protect our customers’ health and safety, candywarehouse.com only accepts returns of non-edible items that have not been worn or used (apparel, accessories, etc.). refunds for returns exclude shipping costs, and the customer is responsible for shipping the products back to us in their original condition at their expense. a 10% restocking fee will be applied to returns of non-edible products. a 20% restocking fee and the shipping charges to and from our warehouse will be applied to candy received back at our warehouse due to undeliverable addresses or customer refusal of packages. please send your pre-approved returns to the following address closest to your address: east - candywarehouse.com attn: returns 7020-a reames road charlotte, nc 28216 united states of america west - candywarehouse.com attn: returns 2520 mira mar ave. long beach, ca 90815 united states of america since food products cannot be returned, and we do not refund for melting, please take care when placing an order and keep in mind the following (if you have any concerns or specific requirements, please call us before you place your order): quantity: think through and calculate how much candy you will need for an event or project. taste: manufacturers sometimes change their recipes, and your taste buds change too. color: some of our products are hand-made in batches and color may vary. colors may also look different from one computer monitor to the next. brand variance: different brands of candy like gummies, taffies, caramels, etc. vary in consistency, texture, firmness, etc. so, the same types of candies made by different brands will not always taste the same (e.g., european-brand gummies tend to be harder than american-brand gummies). heat: if it is warm in your area, stay away from heat-sensitive items as we do not refund for melting! and always make sure someone is around to receive the package. mistakes: double check your online order before hitting that submit button! of course, if we make any mistakes with your order, we will take full responsibility – just make sure that you contact us within 10 business days of receiving your order, as we cannot approve any requests for refunds/reships after such time. refusal of package: if parcels are refused, original and return shipping costs will be charged to the purchaser's original form of payment along with a 20% restocking fee. cancellations: our motto is "fresh candy shipped fast" and we genuinely mean it!  our candy elves will often pull, pack, and ship an order within minutes of our customers placing it. as soon as an order is "released" into our fulfillment system (which can be seconds after you push that submit button), it cannot be cancelled. of course you are welcome to call us and check whether an order has been released and if it has not, we are happy to process your cancellation. however, if a customer care representative sees the order has been "released" into our fulfillment system, they will be unable to cancel it. we have spent an extremely large amount of resources to develop and create this extremely quick and efficient automated turn-around system and if we were to cancel an order already released, that one act would interrupt our entire fulfillment cycle (potentially affecting hundreds of other orders). we appreciate your understanding on this matter and we urge you to please take the time to carefully make your selections before hitting that submit button!! if you are unable to cancel your order but still want to return the products, you have the option of returning or refusing the package once it arrives at your destination (see details above regarding returns and refusing packages). incorrect shipping address: if the customer provides the wrong address when placing an order, the following shall apply: -if the order is returned to candywarehouse in good condition: customer will be responsible for the full cost of shipping as well as a twenty percent (20%) restocking fee. -if the package is returned to candywarehouse but the contents are damaged or if the package is lost: no refunds. -if the package is en route and the customer requests a shipment intercept/address correction: customer will be charged $15.90 per package/box (this cost is a direct fee from our delivery service provider). incorrectly ordered items: in order for credit to be received for incorrectly ordered items, the product must be returned, at purchaser’s expense, to our return address listed above, and must be in the same condition as it was received. in the event that you would like us to provide a call tag for said return, there is a non-refundable fifteen ($15) dollar fee. all returns caused by customer error may be subject to a twenty (20) percent restocking fee. merchandise must be returned, at purchaser's expense, in the same condition as it was received and it is up to the purchaser to choose a return delivery method that best suits their needs. please note that on orders caused by customer error, we are unable to issue credit for shipping in either direction. hot weather issues: as stated on our faq page, candywarehouse.com cannot take responsibility for products damaged in transit due to extremes in temperature, nor will we replace said product before reviewing the delivery circumstances involved. if questions arise as to perishability, please contact us and we will do our best to provide guidance. in the event that a product is received in unusable condition, for reasons other than extremes of temperature, a claim must be submitted within five (5) days after physical receipt of merchandise as determined by ups tracking. in the event that a claim is submitted after the stated time period, we will not be able to issue credit nor refund product. special orders: no returns on special order products. seasonal orders: due to the limited quantity of seasonal candies, please note that the purchase of all seasonal merchandise, perishable or non-perishable, is non returnable. missing items: in the event that an order is received and there is a discrepancy as to a missing item, a claim must be submitted within two (2) business days of physical receipt as determined by ups tracking. we will compare items ordered as well as physical weight of the package and issue a store credit accordingly. orders with incorrect merchandise: in the event that incorrect merchandise is received, we will do our best to correct the error in a timely fashion. in the event of an exchange, we will ship corrected merchandise at the shipping service level at which it was purchased. for instance, if the incorrect merchandise was shipped via ups ground, it will be shipped at the same service level. in the event that you opted for rush delivery, we will refund the cost of shipping the incorrect item. we will issue a call tag for the return of the incorrect merchandise and upon receipt, will issue credit accordingly. please note that we are unable to issue credit for any product in which the factory seal is no longer intact. please note that in order for credit to be issued, notification of order discrepancies must be made within two (2) business days of receipt as determined by ups tracking. return policy: candywarehouse does not accept returns of any edible products. all return/refund requests must be made to our customer care department within 10 business days of receipt of your order (determined by ups/fedex tracking) and must be authorized by customer service in advance. to protect our customers’ health and safety, candywarehouse.com only accepts returns of non-edible items that have not been worn or used (apparel, accessories, etc.). refunds for returns exclude shipping costs, and the customer is responsible for shipping the products back to us in their original condition at their expense. a 10% restocking fee will be applied to returns of non-edible products. a 20% restocking fee and the shipping charges to and from our warehouse will be applied to candy received back at our warehouse due to undeliverable addresses or customer refusal of packages. please send your pre-approved returns to the following address closest to your address: east - candywarehouse.com attn: returns 7020-a reames road charlotte, nc 28216 united states of america west - candywarehouse.com attn: returns 2520 mira mar ave. long beach, ca 90815 united states of america since food products cannot be returned, and we do not refund for melting, please take care when placing an order and keep in mind the following (if you have any concerns or specific requirements, please call us before you place your order): quantity: think through and calculate how much candy you will need for an event or project. taste: manufacturers sometimes change their recipes, and your taste buds change too. color: some of our products are hand-made in batches and color may vary. colors may also look different from one computer monitor to the next. brand variance: different brands of candy like gummies, taffies, caramels, etc. vary in consistency, texture, firmness, etc. so, the same types of candies made by different brands will not always taste the same (e.g., european-brand gummies tend to be harder than american-brand gummies). heat: if it is warm in your area, stay away from heat-sensitive items as we do not refund for melting! and always make sure someone is around to receive the package. mistakes: double check your online order before hitting that submit button! of course, if we make any mistakes with your order, we will take full responsibility – just make sure that you contact us within 10 business days of receiving your order, as we cannot approve any requests for refunds/reships after such time. refusal of package: if parcels are refused, original and return shipping costs will be charged to the purchaser's original form of payment along with a 20% restocking fee.  if parcels are refused, original and return shipping costs will be charged to the purchaser's original form of payment. cancellations: our motto is "fresh candy shipped fast" and we genuinely mean it!  our candy elves will often pull, pack, and ship an order within minutes of our customers placing it. as soon as an order is "released" into our fulfillment system (which can be seconds after you push that submit button), it cannot be cancelled. of course you are welcome to call us and check whether an order has been released and if it has not, we are happy to process your cancellation. however, if a customer care representative sees the order has been "released" into our fulfillment system, they will be unable to cancel it. we have spent an extremely large amount of resources to develop and create this extremely quick and efficient automated turn-around system and if we were to cancel an order already released, that one act would interrupt our entire fulfillment cycle (potentially affecting hundreds of other orders). we appreciate your understanding on this matter and we urge you to please take the time to carefully make your selections before hitting that submit button!! if you are unable to cancel your order but still want to return the products, you have the option of returning or refusing the package once it arrives at your destination (see details above regarding returns and refusing packages). incorrect shipping address: if the customer provides the wrong address when placing an order, the following shall apply: -if the order is returned to candywarehouse in good condition: customer will be responsible for the full cost of shipping as well as a twenty percent (20%) restocking fee. -if the package is returned to candywarehouse but the contents are damaged or if the package is lost: no refunds. -if the package is en route and the customer requests a shipment intercept/address correction: customer will be charged $15.00 per package/box (this cost is a direct fee from our delivery service provider). incorrectly ordered items: in order for credit to be received for incorrectly ordered items, the product must be returned, at purchaser’s expense, to our return address listed above, and must be in the same condition as it was received. in the event that you would like us to provide a call tag for said return, there is a non-refundable fifteen ($15) dollar fee. all returns caused by customer error may be subject to a twenty (20) percent restocking fee. merchandise must be returned, at purchaser's expense, in the same condition as it was received and it is up to the purchaser to choose a return delivery method that best suits their needs. please note that on orders caused by customer error, we are unable to issue credit for shipping in either direction. hot weather issues: as stated on our faq page, candywarehouse.com cannot take responsibility for products damaged in transit due to extremes in temperature, nor will we replace said product before reviewing the delivery circumstances involved. if questions arise as to perishability, please contact us and we will do our best to provide guidance. in the event that a product is received in unusable condition, for reasons other than extremes of temperature, a claim must be submitted within five (5) days after physical receipt of merchandise as determined by ups tracking. in the event that a claim is submitted after the stated time period, we will not be able to issue credit nor refund product. special orders: no returns on special order products. seasonal orders: due to the limited quantity of seasonal candies, please note that the purchase of all seasonal merchandise, perishable or non-perishable, is non returnable. missing items: in the event that an order is received and there is a discrepancy as to a missing item, a claim must be submitted within two (2) business days of physical receipt as determined by ups tracking. we will compare items ordered as well as physical weight of the package and issue a store credit accordingly. orders with incorrect merchandise: in the event that incorrect merchandise is received, we will do our best to correct the error in a timely fashion. in the event of an exchange, we will ship corrected merchandise at the shipping service level at which it was purchased. for instance, if the incorrect merchandise was shipped via ups ground, it will be shipped at the same service level. in the event that you opted for rush delivery, we will refund the cost of shipping the incorrect item. we will issue a call tag for the return of the incorrect merchandise and upon receipt, will issue credit accordingly. please note that we are unable to issue credit for any product in which the factory seal is no longer intact. please note that in order for credit to be issued, notification of order discrepancies must be made within two (2) business days of receipt as determined by ups tracking. sign up for special offers & delicious candy! candy cornin every color, flavor, shape & size! candywarehouse about us locations leadership team clean and tidy warehouse customer care shipping policy faqs contact us check order status return policy resources candy blog corporate gifts candy shelf life gluten free candy kosher candy wedding candy welcome x welcome to candywarehouse.com! buy bulk candy from our huge candy store featuring over 6,000 types of candy, including every day and seasonal candies. searches for "candy store near me" coming up empty? shop here now to browse bulk candy by type, color, flavor, occasion, holiday, or brand. shipped fresh and fast, we stock everything in temperature controlled warehouses to keep your sweets in perfect condition year round. creating a candy bar for a party, event, holiday, or special occasion? we’re the candy experts ready to help you find unique bulk candy assortments and nostalgic classics with accurate inventory and wholesale candy options. discover the newest inventions in the candy industry by signing up for our newsletter. videos photo gallery sweet stories popular searches search privacy policy | terms of use | site map copyright © 1998-2018. all rights reserved. candywarehouse.com, inc. - bulk candy store