来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20191223153426/https://www.candywarehouse.com/terms
================================================================================

terms of use javascript is disabled on your browser. to view this site, you must enable javascript or upgrade to a javascript-capable browser. free shipping on orders of $200 or more!+! go shop by color:view all contact login wish list 0 cart your cart is empty bulk candy shop all bulk candy bulk wrapped candybulk unwrapped candybulk candy favorscandy buffet types of candy shop all types of candy bubble gumcandy barscandy canescandy coated popcorncandy corncandy favorscandy scoops, jars, bags, & accessoriescandy sprinkles & toppingscandy stickscaramelscbd candychewy candychewing gumchocolatescircus peanuts candyclassic candycotton candydiy candy kitsfizziesfruit dropsfruit pastillesfun size candygiant & big candygluten free candygumballsgummyhard candyjelly beansjelly candykosher candylicoriceslollipops & suckersmarshmallowsmintsnostalgic candynovelty candyorganic candypeanut candypinata candyrock candyspicy candysugar free candytaffytoffee candyvegan candywafers candy flavors shop all candy flavors bacon candybutter candybutter rum candybutterscotch candypeanut butter candycaramel candychamoy candychili candychocolate candydark chocolate candymilk chocolate candywhite chocolate candycinnamon candycoffee & tea candycotton candyfruity candyhoney candyice cream candylavender candylicorice candysalty licoriceliquor candybourbon candychampagne candyliquor chocolatesliquor filled chocolate bottlesliquor gummy bearsrum candytequila candyvodka candywhiskey candymarshmallow candymint candychocolate mint candypeppermint candyspearmint candywintergreen mint candyrose flavored candysoda candysour candytamarind candyvanilla candyviolet candy candy shapes shop all candy shapes alien shaped candyanimal shaped candybear shaped candybird shaped candycat shaped candydog shaped candyfish shaped candyfrog shaped candyowl shaped candypig shaped candyshark shaped candyturtle shaped candyballoon shaped candybody parts candybone shaped candybrain shaped candyeyeball shaped candylip shaped candyskull shaped candytooth shaped candybug shaped candybutterfly shaped candycube shaped candydiamond shaped candyegg shaped candyflower shaped candyfruit shaped candylego shaped candymickey mouse shaped candymonster shaped candymoon shaped candyrose shaped candyseashell shaped candiessphere shaped candystar shaped candystarfish shaped candysports shaped candybaseball shaped candybasketball shaped candyfootball shaped candygolf ball shaped candysoccer ball shaped candytombstone shaped candytool shaped candytrain shaped candytriangular shaped candyvegetable shaped candy themes shop all themes animalbeach & luaucartooncasinoconstructiondisneyemojigender revealharry pottermoneynickelodeonoceanold fashioned candy & retro sweets1950s candy1960s candy1970s candy1980s candy1990s candypirateprincessspacespongebobsportssuperherounicorn occasions shop all occasions baby showerbachelorette partyback to schoolbaptismbar & bat mitzvahbar mitzvah candy - bluebat mitzvah candy - pinkbirthdaybusinessgender revealgraduationquinceanerathank youweddingbuttermintsbuffet kitschocolate ballsswirl popstiny candy heartswedding chocolate flowerswedding jordan almondswedding mintswhite wedding holidays shop all holidays thanksgivinghanukkahgelt candywhite candychristmas2019 newadvent calendarschristmas candy canesbulk christmas candychristmas candy giftsstocking stuffersparty supplieschristmas coal candynew year's evechinese new yearvalentine's daymardi grassaint patrick's dayeaster2020 newchocolate bunnyeaster basketseaster candy bulk novelty and giftschocolateegg hunteaster candy eggseaster jelly beansmother's dayflowersfather's day4th of july & patriotichalloweenhalloween candy vegan international shop all international asian candyjapanese candycanadian candyhispanic candymexican candy brands shop all brands 3 musketeers5 gumalbanese confectioneryalmond joyalmond rocaandes mintsbig league chewbubbliciousbutterfingercharmsflakefruit stripeghirardelliharibohershey kisseshi-chewhubba bubbajelly bellyjolly rancherkit katlaffy taffym&m'smentosmike and ikemilky waynerdspeepspop rocksred vinesreese'sring poprolosixletsskittlessmartiessnickersstarburstswedish fishswipple popstobleronetootsie rolltwixtwizzlersyork peppermint patties home terms of use terms of usewelcome to candywarehouse.com’s website ("site"). please review the following terms and conditions that govern your use of our site (the "agreement"). we may, without prior notice and at any time, change the terms that govern your use of our site. your use of our site following any such changes constitutes your agreement to follow and be bound by the terms as changed.site contents & useunless otherwise noted, all materials on the site, including text, images, illustrations, designs, icons, photographs, video clips and other materials, and the copyrights, trademarks, trade dress and/or other intellectual property in such materials (collectively, the "contents"), are owned, controlled or licensed by candywarehouse.com, inc. and its subsidiaries and/or affiliates (collectively "candywarehouse"). the content of the site, and the site as a whole, is intended solely for personal, noncommercial use by the users of our site. you may download, print, post and store selected portions of the content for personal, noncommercial purposes, provided you do not modify or alter the content in any way, or delete or change any copyright or trademark notice. no right, title or interest in any downloaded content is transferred to you as a result of any such downloading or copying. you may not reproduce (except as noted above), publish, transmit, distribute, display, modify, create derivative works from, sell or exploit in any way any of the contents or the site.as a condition of your use of this site, you warrant to candywarehouse that you will not use the site for any purpose that is unlawful or prohibited by these terms & conditions. activities including, but not limited to, tampering with the site, misrepresenting the identity of a user, using buying agents or conducting fraudulent activities on the site are prohibited. in choosing to access the site, you do so on your own initiative and at your own risk, and you are responsible for complying with all local laws, rules and regulations.site transactionscandywarehouse reserves the right to refuse any order you place with us. we may, in our sole discretion, limit or cancel quantities purchased per person, per household or per order. these restrictions may include orders placed by or under the same customer account, the same credit card, and/or orders that use the same billing and/or shipping address. in the event we make a change to or cancel an order, we will attempt to notify you by contacting the e-mail and/or billing address/phone number provided.your accountif you use this site, you are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your account and password and for restricting access to your computer, and you agree to accept responsibility for all activities that occur under your account or password. you acknowledge that candywarehouse is not responsible for third party access to your account. candywarehouse reserves the right to refuse or cancel service, terminate accounts, or remove or edit content in our sole discretion.right to change sitecandywarehouse may, at any time: modify or discontinue all or any part of the site; charge, modify or waive fees required to use the site; or offer opportunities to some or all site users. we may limit the site’s availability, in whole or in part, to any person, geographic area or jurisdiction we choose, at any time and in our sole discretion. you agree we shall not be liable to you or to any third party for any modification, suspension or discontinuance of the site, or any service, content, feature or product offered through the site.user comments, feedback & other submissionsall comments, feedback, notes, messages, ideas, suggestions or other communications submitted or offered to candywarehouse through this site or offered in connection with your use of this site whether disclosed online, by email, by post mail or otherwise (collectively, "comments") shall be and remain the exclusive property of candywarehouse. your submission of any such comments shall constitute an assignment to candywarehouse of all worldwide rights, titles and interests in all copyrights and other intellectual property rights in the comments. candywarehouse will be entitled to use, reproduce, disclose, publish and distribute any material you submit for any purpose whatsoever, without restriction and without compensating you in any way. for this reason, we ask that you not send us any comments that you do not wish to assign to us. candywarehouse has the right but not the obligation to monitor and edit or remove any comments. you agree your comments will not violate any right of any third party, including copyright, trademark, privacy or other personal or proprietary right. you further agree your comments will not contain libelous or otherwise unlawful, abusive or obscene material, or contain any computer virus or other malware that could in any way affect the operation of the site. you may not use a false e-mail address, pretend to be someone other than yourself, or otherwise mislead candywarehouse or third parties as to the origin of any comments. you are solely responsible for any comments you make and their accuracy. candywarehouse takes no responsibility and assumes no liability for any comments posted by you or any third party.availability, errors, & inacurraciesoccasionally there may be information on our site that contains typographical errors, inaccuracies, or omissions that may relate to product descriptions, pricing, promotions, offers, and availability. we reserve the right to correct any errors, inaccuracies or omissions and to change or update information or cancel orders if any information on the site is inaccurate at any time without prior notice (including after you have submitted your order). products displayed may be out-of-stock or discontinued, and prices are subject to change. we apologize for any inconvenience this may cause you.colorscandywarehouse strives to display as accurately as possible the colors of the products shown on the site. however, because the colors you see will depend on your monitor, candywarehouse cannot guarantee that your monitor’s display of any color will be accurate.risk of lossthe risk of loss and title to products purchased on the site pass to you upon candywarehouse’s delivery to the carrier.links to other websites & servicesthe site may contain links to websites of third parties, outside services and resources, the availability and content of which candywarehouse does not control. any concerns regarding any such service or resource, or any link thereto, should be directed to the particular outside service or resource. candywarehouse has no responsibility for the linked sites nor does linking constitute an endorsement of any kind. links are provided solely for the convenience and information of the site’s users and your use of third party sites is at your own risk.privacy policyyour submission of personal information through the sites is governed by our privacy policy page.this agreement incorporates by reference the terms and conditions of the privacy policy.disclaimerthis site and all contents of the site are provided on an "as is" basis without warranties of any kind, either express or implied, including without limitation warranties of title or implied warranties of merchantability or fitness for a particular purpose. candywarehouse expressly disclaims any duty to update or revise the materials on the site, although candywarehouse may modify the materials at any time without notice. your use of the site is at your sole risk, and you assume full responsibility for any costs associated with your use of the site. candywarehouse shall not be liable for any damages of any kind related to your use of the site.indemnificationas a condition of your use of the site, you agree to defend, indemnify and hold candywarehouse, and its respective employees, directors, officers, agents, vendors and suppliers harmless from and against any and all claims, damages, costs and expenses, including attorneys' fees, arising from or related to your use of the site including without limitation any comments submitted by you and/or your breach of any representation, warranty, or other provision of the agreement.jurisdictionthis site is operated by candywarehouse from its offices in long beach, california and charlotte, north carolina. this agreement shall be construed in accordance with the laws of the state of california, without regard to any conflict of law provisions. any dispute arising under this agreement shall be resolved exclusively by the state and federal courts of the state of california, county of los angeles.terminationyou may terminate this agreement at any time. candywarehouse also may terminate this agreement at any time without notice, and accordingly may deny you access to the site, if in our sole judgment you fail to comply with any term or provision of the agreement. the obligations and liabilities of the parties incurred prior to the termination date shall survive the termination of this agreement for all purposes. back to top follow candy warehouseinstagramfacebooktwitteryoutubepinterestcandy warehouseabout uslocationsleadership teamclean and tidy warehousesweet storiescustomer careshipping policyfaqscontact uscheck order statusreturn policyresourcescandy blogcorporate giftscandy shelf lifewedding candyseasonal candyparty suppliessnacksmanufacturerslocationslong beach candy store 2520 mira mar ave. long beach, ca 90815 310-343-4099charlotte candy store 7020-a reames rd. charlotte, nc 28216 310-343-4099contact us call email privacy policy|terms of use copyright © 1998-2019. all rights reserved. candywarehouse.com, inc. - bulk candy store