来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20201206144652/https://www.candywarehouse.com/privacy
================================================================================

privacy policy | candy warehouse javascript is disabled on your browser. to view this site, you must enable javascript or upgrade to a javascript-capable browser. x free mini candy canes: 45pc jar with $99 order. enter promo code:cane at checkout. go shop by color:view all contact login wish list 0 cart your cart is empty bulk candytypes of candycandy flavorscandy shapesthemesoccasionsholidaysinternationalbrandssale home privacy policy | candy warehouse privacy policythis privacy policy applies to www.candywarehouse.com owned and operated by candywarehouse.com. this privacy policy describes how candywarehouse.com collects and uses the personally identifiable information you provide on our web site: www.candywarehouse.com. it also describes the choices available to you regarding our use of your personally identifiable information and how you can access and update this information.candywarehouse.com privacy policy effective on: 12/15/2014candywarehouse.com respects your privacy. candywarehouse.com does not share, rent, or loan any personally identifiable information (pii) regarding its customers to any third party for promotional purposes or in ways different than listed in this privacy policy. any information you give us is held with the utmost care and security and will not be used in ways to which you have not consented.candywarehouse.com will not collect any personal information about individuals except when specifically and knowingly provided by such individuals. examples of such information: name, postal address, email address, phone number, birthdays, and product commentary.candywarehouse.com recommends that if you are providing information on behalf of a child, that you use the child's parent or guardian's email address and that you have the permission of that child's parent or guardian.1. we collect contact information from you (such as your name, email address, and phone number) on our website when you use the "contact us" or "track" forms on our website. we use this information to directly respond to your inquiries or to track and show you the status of your placed order.2. when making a purchase, signing up for our newsletter, or joining our candy blog, the following information is generally collected from you: contact information such as name, email address, billing and shipping address, and phone numbers; and financial information such as credit card number. we work with a number of third party service providers to facilitate these functions on behalf of our website. please be aware that when utilizing these features, you will be submitting your information directly to these third party websites. please see "information sharing and disclosure" sections below for further information. this information is used for billing purposes to fulfill orders and to subscribe you to our newsletter and our candy blog. in providing this personally identified information to the above 3rd parties, these companies do not have any independent right to share this information. therefore, candywarehouse.com governs the collection and use of this type of shared information.when making a purchase, additional information may be requested if you are sending an order to someone other than yourself. for example, if you are sending a shipment to a friend, you will be providing that friend’s shipping address and phone number so that we may fulfill this request. the friend’s information is not used for any secondary purposes. your friend may contact us at customercare@candwarehouse.com] to request that we remove this information from our database.you have the option to create an account on the website. you can make updates, changes or deletion to your information within your account at any time if logged in to your account on the website. you can also request changes, updates or deletion of your account by calling customer care at 310-343-4099 or via email at customer care@candywarehouse.com.candywarehouse.com allows you to register and log in using your facebook account, or utilize your facebook account to make use of social features on candywarehouse.com. in doing so, facebook will ask your permission to share certain information from your facebook account with candywarehouse.com. this may include your first name, last name, gender, profile picture, list of friends, a link to your facebook profile, likes, and other data that is part of your or your friends’ facebook profile(s). this information is collected by facebook and is provided to us under the terms of facebook’s privacy policy. you can control the information that we receive from facebook using the privacy settings in your facebook account.if you connect your facebook account to candywarehouse.com, we will make available and/or share your facebook username and your facebook profile picture to other candywarehouse.com users. further, candywarehouse.com users may be able to view your profile and shopping activity on candywarehouse.com. a subset of your user activity on candywarehouse.com will automatically be shared to both your friends on facebook and with your facebook friends on candywarehouse.com.we will disclose your personal information when you have elected to share your candywarehouse.com activity to facebook. information shared to facebook will be attributed to the facebook account to which your candywarehouse.com account is connected. facebook’s use of such information and any information it collects from your use of or on its service is governed by facebook’s privacy policy and candywarehouse.com’s use of information is governed by this candywarehouse.com privacy policy. you understand and agree that you need to consult both privacy policies to amend or delete personal information which has been provided to facebook. if you do not wish for such use of data to take place, you should not agree to share your candywarehouse.com shopping activity to facebook and/or adjust your settings to deactivate such sharing. you understand information no longer shared on facebook may continue to be publicly available to other candywarehouse.com users.newslettersif you wish to subscribe to our newsletter(s), we will use your name and email address to send the newsletter to you. out of respect for your privacy, we provide you a way to unsubscribe.if you wish to opt-out of any of our newsletters or promotional emails, please see the "choice and opt-out" section below.customer carebased upon the personally identifiable information you provide us, we will send you order confirmation and order shipment status emails. we will also communicate with you in response to your inquiries, to provide the services you request, and to manage your account. we will communicate with you by email or telephone, in accordance with your wishes. as these communications are service related, and not promotional in nature, generally you may not opt-out of these emails.information sharing and disclosureaggregate information (non-personally identifiable):candywarehouse.com may share non-personal aggregate, or summary, information regarding its customers with partners or other third parties, but candywarehouse.com does not share any information at the individual customer level.we do not link aggregate user data with personally identifiable information.personally identifiable information:we do not share personally identifiable information with third parties for their promotional purposes or in ways other than listed below in this privacy statement.agents and service providers:we use a credit card processing company to bill you for goods and services and a shipping agent to fulfill delivery of goods. other service providers include our web hosting company that provides the blog on our site, our live chat service provider, and an email service provider that facilitates our newsletter e-mailings. these companies do not retain, share, store, or use personally identifiable information for any other purposes.legal disclaimer:we reserve the right to disclose your personally identifiable information as required by law and when we believe that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights and/or to comply with a judicial proceeding, court order, or legal process served on our web site.choice/opt-outwe provide you the opportunity to ‘opt-out’ of having your personally identifiable information used for certain purposes, when we ask for this information. for example, if you purchase a product/service but do not wish to receive any additional marketing material from us, you can indicate your preference on our order form.if you no longer wish to receive our newsletter and promotional communications, you may opt-out of receiving them by following the instructions included in each newsletter or communication.log filesas is true of most web sites, we gather certain information automatically and store it in log files. this information includes internet protocol (ip) addresses, browser type, internet service provider (isp), referring/exit pages, operating system, date/time stamp, and clickstream data.we use this information, which does not identify individual users, to analyze trends, to administer the site, to track users’ movements around the site, and to gather demographic information about our user base as a whole.we do not link this automatically-collected data to personally identifiable information. ip addresses are tied to personally identifiable information to prevent credit card fraud.we are hosted by american eagle, which uses cookies and log files to track non-personally identifiable information about visitors to our site in the aggregate. the information collected provides us with website usage and volume statistics so that we can improve our overall website design.tracking technologieswe use cookies for our shopping cart, to remember users’ settings (e.g. mobile browsing preference), and for authentication. users can control the use of cookies at the individual browser level. if you reject cookies, you may still use our site, but your ability to use some features or areas of our site may be limited.technologies such as: cookies, beacons, tags and scripts are used by candywarehouse.com and our partners, affiliates, or analytics or service providers, e.g. online customer support provider. these technologies are used in analyzing trends, administering the site, tracking users’ movements around the site and to gather demographic information about our user base as a whole. we may receive reports based on the use of these technologies by these companies on an individual as well as aggregated basis.we use local storage objects (lsos) such as html5 to store content information and preferences. third parties with whom we partner to provide certain features on our site or to display advertising based upon your web browsing activity use lsos such as html 5 to collect and store information. various browsers may offer their own management tools for removing html5 lsos.behavioral targeting/ re-targetingwe partner with a third party to either display advertising on our web site or to manage our advertising on other sites. our third party partner may use technologies such as cookies to gather information about your activities on this site and other sites in order to provide you advertising based upon your browsing activities and interests.links to other sitesthis web site contains links to other sites that are not owned or controlled by candywarehouse.com. please be aware that we, candywarehouse.com, are not responsible for the privacy practices of such other sites.we encourage you to be aware when you leave our site and to read the privacy statements of each and every web site that collects personally identifiable information.this privacy statement applies only to information collected by this web site.social media widgetsour web site includes social media features, such as the facebook like button, and widgets, such as the share this button or interactive mini-programs that run on our site. these features may collect your ip address, which page you are visiting on our site, and may set a cookie to enable the feature to function properly. social media features and widgets are either hosted by sociable labs, inc. your interactions with these features are governed by said company.blogif you make comments on the candywarehouse.com blog, you should be aware that any personally identifiable information you submit there can be read, collected, or used by other users of these forums, and could be used to send you unsolicited messages. we are not responsible for the personally identifiable information you choose to submit in these forums. to request removal of your personal information from our blog or community forum, contact us at customercare@candywarehouse.com. in some cases, we may not be able to remove your personal information, in which case we will let you know if we are unable to do so and why.securitythe security of your personally identifiable information is important to us. when you enter sensitive information (such as credit card number) on our order forms, we ensure our store provider encrypts that information using secure socket layer technology (ssl).we follow generally accepted industry standards to protect the personally identifiable information submitted to us, both during transmission and once we receive it. no method of transmission over the internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure, however. therefore, while we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your personally identifiable information, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.if you have any questions about security on our web site, you can send email us at customercare@candywarehouse.com.business transitionsin the event candywarehouse.com goes through a business transition, such as a merger, acquisition by another company, or sale of all or a portion of its assets, your personally identifiable information will likely be among the assets transferred. you will be notified via email of any such change in ownership or control of your personally identifiable information.data retentionwe will retain your information for as long as your account is active or as needed to provide you services. if you wish to cancel your account or request that we no longer use your information to provide you services contact us at customercare@candywarehouse.com. we will retain and use your information as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements.changes in this privacy policyif we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes to this privacy statement, the homepage, and other places we deem appropriate so that you are aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances, if any, we disclose it.we reserve the right to modify this privacy statement at any time, so please review it frequently. if we make material changes to this policy, we will notify you here, by email, or by means of a notice on our home page prior to the change becoming effective.contact usif you have any questi ons or suggestions regarding our privacy policy, please contact us at: 310-343-4099 or customercare@candywarehouse.com.candywarehouse.com 2520 mira mar ave. long beach, ca 90815 back to top sign up for special offers and delicious candy! sign up please input email address.please input valid email address. follow candy warehouseinstagramfacebooktwitteryoutubepinterestcandy warehouseabout uslocationsleadership teamclean and tidy warehousesweet storiesweb accessibilitycustomer careshipping policyfaqscontact uscheck order statusreturn policyresourcescandy blogcorporate giftscandy shelf lifewedding candycandy machineseasonal candyparty suppliessnacksmanufacturerslocationslong beach candy store 2520 mira mar ave. long beach, ca 90815 310-343-4099charlotte candy store 7020-a reames rd. charlotte, nc 28216 310-343-4099contact us call email privacy policy|terms of use|sitemap copyright © 1998-2020. all rights reserved. candywarehouse.com, inc. - bulk candy store