来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20221229125923/https://www.candywarehouse.com/terms
================================================================================

terms of service – candy warehouse skip to content free ground shipping with purchase of $150+! use code freeship150 at checkout. cart $0.00 (0) search shop by color: view all contact my account login wishlist wishlist cart $0.00 (0) cart candy shop all candy bulk candy bulk wrapped candy bulk unwrapped candy bulk candy favors candy buffet view all types of candy asian candy bite size bon bons brittle candy bubble gum candy bars candy buttons candy canes candy coated popcorn candy corn candy fashion view all candy flavors bacon candy butter candy caramel candy chamoy candy chili candy chocolate candy cinnamon candy coffee & tea candy cotton candy floral candy view all candy shapes alien shaped candy animal shaped candy balloon shaped candy body parts candy bug shaped candy burger shaped candy car shaped candy coin shaped candy cube shaped candy view all party supplies wedding themes holidays occasions toys & accessories stickers gift cards brands shop all brands # a b c d e f g h i j k l m n o p q r s t u v w x y z featured brands my account login | register search shop by color: view all shop expand menu hide menu shop candy expand menu hide menu candy bulk candy expand menu hide menu bulk candy bulk wrapped candy bulk unwrapped candy bulk candy favors candy buffet types of candy expand menu hide menu types of candy asian candy bite size bon bons brittle candy bubble gum candy bars candy buttons candy canes candy coated popcorn candy corn candy fashion candy flavors expand menu hide menu candy flavors bacon candy butter candy caramel candy chamoy candy chili candy chocolate candy cinnamon candy coffee & tea candy cotton candy floral candy candy shapes expand menu hide menu candy shapes alien shaped candy animal shaped candy balloon shaped candy body parts candy bug shaped candy burger shaped candy car shaped candy coin shaped candy cube shaped candy party supplies wedding themes holidays occasions toys & accessories stickers gift cards brands expand menu hide menu brands shop all brands # a b c d e f g h i j k l m n o p q r s t u v w x y z featured brands contact wishlist wishlist terms of service terms of use welcome to candywarehouse.com’s website ("site"). please review the following terms and conditions that govern your use of our site (the "agreement"). we may, without prior notice and at any time, change the terms that govern your use of our site. your use of our site following any such changes constitutes your agreement to follow and be bound by the terms as changed. site contents & use unless otherwise noted, all materials on the site, including text, images, illustrations, designs, icons, photographs, video clips and other materials, and the copyrights, trademarks, trade dress and/or other intellectual property in such materials (collectively, the "contents"), are owned, controlled or licensed by candywarehouse.com, inc. and its subsidiaries and/or affiliates (collectively "candywarehouse"). the content of the site, and the site as a whole, is intended solely for personal, noncommercial use by the users of our site. you may download, print, post and store selected portions of the content for personal, noncommercial purposes, provided you do not modify or alter the content in any way, or delete or change any copyright or trademark notice. no right, title or interest in any downloaded content is transferred to you as a result of any such downloading or copying. you may not reproduce (except as noted above), publish, transmit, distribute, display, modify, create derivative works from, sell or exploit in any way any of the contents or the site. as a condition of your use of this site, you warrant to candywarehouse that you will not use the site for any purpose that is unlawful or prohibited by these terms & conditions. activities including, but not limited to, tampering with the site, misrepresenting the identity of a user, using buying agents or conducting fraudulent activities on the site are prohibited. in choosing to access the site, you do so on your own initiative and at your own risk, and you are responsible for complying with all local laws, rules and regulations. site transactions candywarehouse reserves the right to refuse any order you place with us. we may, in our sole discretion, limit or cancel quantities purchased per person, per household or per order. these restrictions may include orders placed by or under the same customer account, the same credit card, and/or orders that use the same billing and/or shipping address. in the event we make a change to or cancel an order, we will attempt to notify you by contacting the e-mail and/or billing address/phone number provided. your account if you use this site, you are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your account and password and for restricting access to your computer, and you agree to accept responsibility for all activities that occur under your account or password. you acknowledge that candywarehouse is not responsible for third party access to your account. candywarehouse reserves the right to refuse or cancel service, terminate accounts, or remove or edit content in our sole discretion. right to change site candywarehouse may, at any time: modify or discontinue all or any part of the site; charge, modify or waive fees required to use the site; or offer opportunities to some or all site users. we may limit the site’s availability, in whole or in part, to any person, geographic area or jurisdiction we choose, at any time and in our sole discretion. you agree we shall not be liable to you or to any third party for any modification, suspension or discontinuance of the site, or any service, content, feature or product offered through the site. user comments, feedback & other submissions all comments, feedback, notes, messages, ideas, suggestions or other communications submitted or offered to candywarehouse through this site or offered in connection with your use of this site whether disclosed online, by email, by post mail or otherwise (collectively, "comments") shall be and remain the exclusive property of candywarehouse. your submission of any such comments shall constitute an assignment to candywarehouse of all worldwide rights, titles and interests in all copyrights and other intellectual property rights in the comments. candywarehouse will be entitled to use, reproduce, disclose, publish and distribute any material you submit for any purpose whatsoever, without restriction and without compensating you in any way. for this reason, we ask that you not send us any comments that you do not wish to assign to us. candywarehouse has the right but not the obligation to monitor and edit or remove any comments. you agree your comments will not violate any right of any third party, including copyright, trademark, privacy or other personal or proprietary right. you further agree your comments will not contain libelous or otherwise unlawful, abusive or obscene material, or contain any computer virus or other malware that could in any way affect the operation of the site. you may not use a false e-mail address, pretend to be someone other than yourself, or otherwise mislead candywarehouse or third parties as to the origin of any comments. you are solely responsible for any comments you make and their accuracy. candywarehouse takes no responsibility and assumes no liability for any comments posted by you or any third party. availability, errors, & inacurracies occasionally there may be information on our site that contains typographical errors, inaccuracies, or omissions that may relate to product descriptions, pricing, promotions, offers, and availability. we reserve the right to correct any errors, inaccuracies or omissions and to change or update information or cancel orders if any information on the site is inaccurate at any time without prior notice (including after you have submitted your order). products displayed may be out-of-stock or discontinued, and prices are subject to change. we apologize for any inconvenience this may cause you. colors candywarehouse strives to display as accurately as possible the colors of the products shown on the site. however, because the colors you see will depend on your monitor, candywarehouse cannot guarantee that your monitor’s display of any color will be accurate. risk of loss the risk of loss and title to products purchased on the site pass to you upon candywarehouse’s delivery to the carrier. links to other websites & services the site may contain links to websites of third parties, outside services and resources, the availability and content of which candywarehouse does not control. any concerns regarding any such service or resource, or any link thereto, should be directed to the particular outside service or resource. candywarehouse has no responsibility for the linked sites nor does linking constitute an endorsement of any kind. links are provided solely for the convenience and information of the site’s users and your use of third party sites is at your own risk. privacy policy your submission of personal information through the sites is governed by our privacy policy page. this agreement incorporates by reference the terms and conditions of the privacy policy. disclaimer this site and all contents of the site are provided on an "as is" basis without warranties of any kind, either express or implied, including without limitation warranties of title or implied warranties of merchantability or fitness for a particular purpose. candywarehouse expressly disclaims any duty to update or revise the materials on the site, although candywarehouse may modify the materials at any time without notice. your use of the site is at your sole risk, and you assume full responsibility for any costs associated with your use of the site. candywarehouse shall not be liable for any damages of any kind related to your use of the site. indemnification as a condition of your use of the site, you agree to defend, indemnify and hold candywarehouse, and its respective employees, directors, officers, agents, vendors and suppliers harmless from and against any and all claims, damages, costs and expenses, including attorneys' fees, arising from or related to your use of the site including without limitation any comments submitted by you and/or your breach of any representation, warranty, or other provision of the agreement. jurisdiction this site is operated by candywarehouse from its offices in long beach, california and charlotte, north carolina. this agreement shall be construed in accordance with the laws of the state of california, without regard to any conflict of law provisions. any dispute arising under this agreement shall be resolved exclusively by the state and federal courts of the state of california, county of los angeles. termination you may terminate this agreement at any time. candywarehouse also may terminate this agreement at any time without notice, and accordingly may deny you access to the site, if in our sole judgment you fail to comply with any term or provision of the agreement. the obligations and liabilities of the parties incurred prior to the termination date shall survive the termination of this agreement for all purposes. candy warehouse about us locations candy elves clean and tidy warehouse candy ambassador site map wholesale login customer care shipping policy faqs contact us check order status return policy terms of service privacy policy resources candy blog corporate gifts candy shelf life gluten free candy kosher candy wedding candy accessibility statement locations long beach candy store2520 mira mar ave.long beach, ca 90815310-343-4099 contact us callemailchat with us! 👋 © candy warehouse 2023 search