来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20231209031801/https://www.candywarehouse.com/pages/faqs
================================================================================

faqs | candy warehouse skip to content free ground shipping with purchase of $150+! use code freeship150 at checkout. cart $0.00 (0) search shop by color: view all contact my account login wishlist wishlist cart $0.00 (0) cart candy shop all candy bulk candy bulk wrapped candy bulk unwrapped candy bulk candy favors candy buffet view all types of candy asian candy bite size bon bons brittle candy bubble gum candy bars candy buttons candy canes candy coated popcorn candy corn candy fashion view all candy flavors bacon candy butter candy caramel candy chamoy candy chili candy chocolate candy cinnamon candy coffee & tea candy cotton candy floral candy view all candy shapes alien shaped candy animal shaped candy balloon shaped candy body parts candy bug shaped candy burger shaped candy car shaped candy coin shaped candy cube shaped candy view all party supplies wedding themes holidays occasions toys & accessories stickers gift cards brands shop all brands # a b c d e f g h i j k l m n o p q r s t u v w x y z featured brands search my account login | register shop by color: view all shop expand menu hide menu shop candy expand menu hide menu candy bulk candy expand menu hide menu bulk candy bulk wrapped candy bulk unwrapped candy bulk candy favors candy buffet types of candy expand menu hide menu types of candy asian candy bite size bon bons brittle candy bubble gum candy bars candy buttons candy canes candy coated popcorn candy corn candy fashion candy flavors expand menu hide menu candy flavors bacon candy butter candy caramel candy chamoy candy chili candy chocolate candy cinnamon candy coffee & tea candy cotton candy floral candy candy shapes expand menu hide menu candy shapes alien shaped candy animal shaped candy balloon shaped candy body parts candy bug shaped candy burger shaped candy car shaped candy coin shaped candy cube shaped candy party supplies wedding themes holidays occasions toys & accessories stickers gift cards brands expand menu hide menu brands shop all brands # a b c d e f g h i j k l m n o p q r s t u v w x y z featured brands contact wishlist wishlist faqs have a question? well, we have an answer! candy questions just how much is 10 pounds of bulk candy? candy piece size varies greatly, but generally speaking, 10 pounds of unwrapped candy is about the size of a shoe box.check out this video for guidance: bulk candy weights and volumes explainedknow the volume of your container? these popular candies include our handy "candy calculator" feature, which can tell you how many bags you need with just the click of a button!we recommend that you share your shoe box of candy with others. don't hoard the candy all to yourself.... that would be naughty. i'm having a fabulous candy buffet at my wedding. how far in advance should i purchase my candy? we recommend purchasing at least one month in advance of the day that you will need your candy. all of our products have a shelf life of at least 2 months. your candy will remain fresh if you keep it sealed and stored at room temperature prior to the event. the one month period allows for ups or mistakes such as losing your package in transit. it also allows you time to order morebulk candyif your initial quantity estimates are off. (or if you binge on the candy yourself before the big day!) you can also learn more about candy buffets by checking out ourcandy buffet tips and tricks. the website says you sell jelly beans in a fifty-pound case, but i only want eleven pounds. will you send me a smaller quantity? sorry, but we aren't licensed by the health department to open cases. all candy is shipped just the way we receive it from the manufacturer- we can't break open cases. will you send me a sample before i buy? again, we can't open cases, so we don't send samples. how clean is your warehouse? candywarehouse.com ensures that our warehouse is clean, tidy, and organized so that our customers always receive the freshest product in perfect condition. we have regular inspections by the orkin man for pests or any creatures that may try to meddle with our candy. plus, our warehouse is always kept cool in our new temperature controlled warehouse which guarantees that our chocolates are not melted in any way. what is the shelf life of candy? you can read more about different candy's shelf lifehere. do you have kosher candy? we sure do. you can learn more about kosher candyhereor see a list of kosher candyhere. there's also a page about mitzvah candyhere. i want to create a candy buffet for a party with 200 guests. how much candy and what types of candy should i order? please visit our candy buffet builder and read our tips & tricks for useful information on what type of candy and how much candy to order for your special event. get inspired by our candy buffet photo galleries, then dive in to the buffet builder and shop candy by color, type, and occasion to create your own custom candy buffet. do m&ms have contain any gluten, e.g. in starch ingredients? my husband has gluten allergy but there is no info on your website about this. thank you. all m&ms are gluten free, except for pretzel m&ms (which contain wheat).however, mars manufactures most of their m&m products in the same factories, so there is always a chance of cross-contamination between the pretzel products and all the rest. while the chance is rather small, this is an important note to take into consideration for individuals who are very gluten sensitive.learn more aboutgluten free candy. do you have any delicious sugar free candy for diabetics? we do! from chocolates to hard candies to gummies and everything in between, check out our delicious range of sugar free candies here:sugar free candy is it possible to get ingredient/ food allergy information before ordering? we're planning on doing a candy buffet for a child's birthday with severe food allergies. candywarehouse is not the manufacturer of any of the products on our website, so we would not be able to provide you with any specific ingredient or allergen information. we would suggest that you contact the manufacturer directly to get the most reliable and up-to-date information. what is the most popular candy sold at candywarehouse.com? we have a number of top-selling items, due simply to the wide variety of candy for different holidays, seasons, and special occassions. thus, best sellers often vary from month to month. but if you want to check out what's hot at the moment, you can always take a peek at the top sellers tab on our homepage! when an item says out of stock, how long does it take to be in stock? to make sure our candy stays as fresh as possible, we run out of inventory from time to time. when that happens, the arrival date of new sweets is dependent upon many factors, but the best option is to enter your email address into our inventory alert system. then we will automatically email you as soon as the item is back in stock in our warehouse. somebulk candywill be on order the second they’re running low, so those might be back in stock in a matter of days. other candies are seasonal and are only available at certain times of the year. in these cases, it may take months. in some instances, extenuating circumstances may have prevented a candy from being produced a certain year, or the candy may have been discontinued by the manufacturer. permanent discontinuations are typically marked as such on the product page. in short, there’s no exact time frame in which you can expect a product to return to our warehouse, so if you have specific questions, feel free tocontact customer carefor more information. my candy showed up in the mail, but it’s hard as a rock! i didn’t order hard candy… what gives? certain candies (such as chocolates, gummies, and caramels) are capable of freezing during the shipping process, so during cold weather months, they may do just that! remember, any candies marked "meltable" are also susceptible to chilly temperatures. so if your candy happens to arrive a little harder than you expected, just set it out in a room temperature environment and allow it time to thaw. note: it may take up to 48 hours for candy to return to normal, but rest assured that its quality has in no way been compromised! do you have gluten-free candy? yes, we sure do! look for the gluten free certification symbol on any product page to determine if a certain candy makes that claim. but keep in mind that not all gluten free items are marked as such on the packaging, though they have been certified as such by the manufacturer.learn more aboutgluten-free candy. is all of your candy made in the usa? our immense bulk candy store offers sweets manufactured from all over the world. that being said, most of the candy we sell is made in the usa. most product information pages list the country of origin unless we don't know for sure where the candy is made. some manufacturers make products in different factories in different countries, so we can't know exactly where those candies are produced. happy shopping! do you have gummy bears without corn syrup? hello,at this time, all of our gummi bears contain corn syrup, even the organic ones. we did carry some by surf sweets that used organic tapioc syrup as an alternative to corn syrup, but they have been discontinued. unfortunately corn syrup it is a necessary ingredient when making gealtins that seems to be better than any alternatives as per manufacturer testing. best to you on finding a corn-syrup free gummy!have a sweet day! :)the candy elves does your classic gumball machine take the bigger gum ball or just the small ones? sorry, the classic gumball machine accepts only small gumballs with a diameter of about 0.5 inch. i want to order chocolate for party favors but my event is a month from now. can i put the chocolate in the fridge until then? absolutely not. putting chocolate in a refrigerator will cause the chocolate to bloom, meaning the cocoa butter in the chocolate will rise to the top and give the chocolate a white coating which does not look appetizing. although completely safe to eat, the chocolate will not be presentable. to preserve the quality of chocolate, the best solution is to store it in a cool, dry place (a temperature of 65 degrees fahrenheit and low humidity). you have thousands of candies marked as made in the usa. is this really true? yes, we stock over 6,000 fresh bulk candy items and most are manufactured right here in the good ole usa. plus we import exotic candies from all over the world! our giant candy store has the largest selection of unique sweets anywhere. do you offer custom candy packaging? yes, our creative department offers unique concepts, high quality, and fast delivery times! just visit ourcustom candypage for more information. i'm looking for brachs rich and dreamy chocolate cremes. do you have them or are you capable of getting them? sorry, the brach's rich and dreamy chocolate cremes are no longer manufactured. we do have many other options frombrach's candyin stock and ready to ship now. the brach's pick a mix product line has been severely shrunk over the years. now that the brand is under new ownership in 2018, hopefully some of these great candy classics will return. are the red/cherry tootsie pops you sell in the red wrapper identical to the ones i grew up and fell in love with? (i’m 65y.o.! ) cherry hard candy with a tootsie roll center ! thanks. i hope we can do business.. (my dentist may hope i do also.)todd hello todd!thanks for reaching out. yes, item 125432-https://www.candywarehouse.com/cherry-tootsie-pops-28-piece-bag/ will be the classic cherry flavor you remember with the tootsie roll center. please feel free to give us a ring at 310-343-4099 and we can place that order over the phone for you : ) shipping questions how much does shipping cost? shipping charges vary depending upon your location in the united states and the shipping service that you select. the shipping charge approximately doubles for every upgrade that you perform.... the "2 business days" delivery method will cost about twice as much as the "3 to 4 business days" method. you can learn more about shipping on our shipping page here. what is route shipping protection? what is route and green package protection?route's green package protection is a package protection solution that helps cover your order in the event that your order gets lost, stolen, or damaged while in transit while also protecting the planet. we know how frustrating it is to have something happen to your order, so we’ve partnered with route to offer added assurance that you’re supported, no matter what. green package protection can be added during checkout.every time you add green package protection to your order, route donates to support anagroforestry initiative that removes co₂ from the air and promotes a flourishing ecosystem. you can also utilize the route app to visually track all of your online orders in one place and easily file a claim with their team. whether you’re tracking via the route app or online route’s real-time shipping updates keep you in the loop throughout every part of your delivery. haven’t downloaded the app yet? download herepurchased route's green package protection and looking to file a shipping issue online? file herewhat is carbon neutral shipping?route is covering the cost to neutralize shipping emissions when you add "green package protection" at checkout. "green package protection" shipping includes package protection at the same cost as before, with the additional benefit that your shipment is carbon neutral. by adding green package protection to your cart, you're automatically taking instant climate action – no donation required.how does green package protection/carbon neutral shipping work?route has partnered with patch, a carbon credit marketplace, to facilitate the purchase of carbon credits to neutralize your emissions. carbon credits represent a certified unit of carbon removal or avoidance delivered by environmental projects that can be purchased to naturally remove carbon from the air. patch is a high-integrity carbon removal project that is vetted and certified by organizations like gold standard, verra, climate action reserve, and the american carbon registry.where is my order?once your order has been fulfilled by our team, a shipping confirmation with a tracking number will be emailed. you can download  route’s mobile app for ios or android to visually track your package and receive real-time notifications on its estimated delivery.how does route work?if your route-protected order ends up lost, damaged, or stolen, route’s expert support team helps ensure that your order gets replaced or refunded as preferred. claims will be reviewed for approval within 1-2 business days from filing.  need to file a claim?  file herehow does route process refunds or reorders?refunds: when refunding an item, route covers the subtotal, shipping, and taxes in both cases, the route premium cost will not be refunded reorders: route will reorder the items, depending on in-stock availability. unavailable items will be refunded. route will cover the cost of any reorders including shipping, taxes, and route shipping protectionwhen should i file a claim?marked as delivered (stolen)claims will be reviewed no earlier than 5 calendar days and no later than 15 calendar days from when it was marked delivered please note, some order issues may require a police report to be filedstuck in transit (lost)for domestic orders, claims will be reviewed no earlier than 2 calendar days and no later than 30 calendar days from the last update. the maximum filing time is 60 days from the order datefor international orders, claims will be reviewed no earlier than 20 calendar days and no later than 30 calendar days from the last update. the maximum filing time is 60 days from the order datedamagedclaims for damaged items require photos of the packaging and item(s) and must be filed no later than 15 calendar days from when it was marked delivered.all of route’s policies are listed herewhat if my order never arrives or is stolen?route definitely helps cover these instances! to protect your order against loss or theft, add green package protection at checkout. if your order has not arrived, please file a claim with route here. what if my order arrives damaged?route covers damage as well! to protect your order against damage that occurred during shipping, add route protect at checkout. if your order has arrived to you damaged, please take photos of the item and the packaging it arrived in to include in your claim when filing. you can file a claim with route here.if your order has defects or you suspect it was damaged during manufacturing, please reach out to us at (your brand's contact info ) and we will be happy to work with you to remedy the situation.how do i file a claim for my lost, damaged, or stolen order?if you insured your order with route at checkout, you will receive a confirmation email from route with a link to file a shipping issue. you can also file a shipping issue on route’s app or via the web here. to file a claim, you will need your store order number or route id number and the email address that was attached to the order.haven’t downloaded the app yet?  download herewhat are route’s terms and conditions? route’s terms and conditions are listed here: https://route.com/terms-and-conditions/is route a licensed insurance company?yes, route is a licensed insurance company with seg insurance ltd. as its partner. why is shipping so expensive? we agree, shipping sure can be expensive. unfortunately, shipping costs are determined by weight and bulk candy has a high shipping-to-product-cost ratio. here is an example: you purchase a diamond for $1,000 and the shipping cost will be say, $20 (2% of the price of the diamond); on the other hand, when you purchase $1,000 worth of candy, your shipping cost will more likely be $200 (20% of the price of the candy). this percentage may be 100% if you are placing a small order ($15 of candy may cost $15 to ship). products such as jewelry, cds, electronics, clothing, and flowers are light; therefore, their shipping costs will not represent a large percentage of their total order cost. sweets, for better or for worse, outweigh the competition! does candywarehouse.com ship to canada? unfortunately, we do not ship to canada. however, you can ship your order to friends or family in the u.s. or a mail forwarder of your choice. can i have my own freight account (e.g., ups, fedex, etc.) billed for shipping expenses? yes, please call us at 310-343-4099 and we can place your order. *important*- if you select this option, candywarehouse.com relies on your promise that your freight account is valid and can be billed directly. in the event you or your company does not pay the shipping charges directly to your freight company and as a result candywarehouse.com is charged such costs, we will automatically bill your credit card for such shipping costs plus a $10 processing fee. if you would like to arrange your own shipping, you may have the order picked up from our warehouse. how does candywarehouse.com ensure the integrity of packages? the candy elves in our warehouse seal every box with our company logo packing tape to ensure that you can detect if the package has been tampered with during transit. if you notice that any seals on the box have been cut or broken open during transit, simply refuse the package so that we can do a damage claim with ups. how do i know chocolates and other heat-sensitive candies won't melt in transit during warm weather, especially summer? unfortunately, we cannot guarantee that certain candies will not melt, but we do our utmost to safeguard against it. most importantly, choose an expedited shipping method ("3 to 4 business days" or "2 business days") and not ground. unlike many of our counterparts, candywarehouse.com providesfree gel ice packswith expedited orders of meltable products and ground shipments within 2 days of origin, and does not charge for this added service. unfortunately, ice packs only last approximately 48 hours, so they cannot fully prevent heat exposure, and bust open, so we do not include them automatically on longer shipments. up to anadditional 24 hours of protectionfor ground shipments can be purchased at checkout in the form of our"kodiakooler insulated boxes", and enough for your meltables will be suggested as you proceed to checkout. additionally, we only ship orders containing meltables on mondays, tuesdays, and wednesdays during warm weather to ensure that your candy will not be stuck in a hot ups hub over the weekend (defeating the purpose of you paying extra for expedited shipping!). we try our best to account for this in our eta, but this is not always perfect, so please be on the lookout for communications from our team!our guarantee:if you take these precautions – purchase insulated boxes and select an expedited shipping method to a valid business address where someone is there to receive the package on the first attempt, and if your candy still melts, we will provide a refund for those melted items. but sorry, we will not reship items that have melted in transit. learn more about summer shippinghere. how long will it take for delivery of an order? when should i expect my candy? our website displays an estimated delivery date range on all product pages just below the "add to cart" button. sorry, these dates are not guaranteed and of course exclude time delays caused by natural disasters and other "acts of god" such as: blizzard, earthquake, hurricane, tornado, ice storm, flood, zombie apocalypse, or teamster union strike. where do i include delivery instructions for fedex? we often get requests to deliver before a certain time, leave the package in the garage, leave the package with a neighbor, etc. right now, we aren't able to pass on your instructions to fedex. you can give delivery instructions that will stay in fedex's files- just call 1-800-463-3339. otherwise, we'd suggest leaving a note on the door. can i pick up my candy order myself at your warehouse? absolutely! if you live in the los angeles area of california you can save on shipping costs and arrange to drive to a warehouse to pick-up your order. but, you must submit your online order first, and make sure you have received a phone call or email from us detailing that your order is ready for pick-up before coming in. keep in mind that we require up to two business days to process your order. if you have fast-approaching a deadline or plan to be in the neighborhood on a specific date, call us first and we will let you know if we can rush the order through for you. we look forward to your visit! does candywarehouse.com ship to countries outside of the united states? at this time we do not ship our products to countries outside of the united states.our website only accepts online orders placed within the usa. however, if you would like to purchase products from a non-us location, you have two options:1. have someone within our service area place your order for you within the united states using a credit card with a us billing address. you can either collect the product if you are going to be in the country, or have it shipped to you. unfortunately, we will not be able to handle any of the export or shipping process.2. place an order from outside our service area by contactingcustomer care. you will be entirely responsible for all shipping, customs, and duties that may apply. we are also unable to provide any broker or expert services or paperwork. all payments must be made in the form of a wire transfer, a cleared check, or a cashier's check. if you would like to place an order this way, please call customer care at (310) 343-4099 and speak to a representative who can help you with our international processing.ups may have international shipping for the country in which you reside. please contact ups at 1-800-782-7892 for informationplease note we cannot release an order until all funds are received. you may contact our customer service department to place an international order at (310) 343-4099. see our shipping policy for more details. do you ship to apo addresses? yes! we gladly ship to apo and fpo addresses. we recommend placing your order by phone at 310-343-4099. please note, these orders are usually shipped via usps priority mail, and in certain cases this delivery may take up to 4 weeks.see our shipping policy for more details. can i have my order shipped to my place of employment? sure! just fill in the address of your place of employment as your shipping address. (but keep in mind that you might receive a call from one of our helpful candy elves to ascertain that the package is off to the right destination!) which carrier do you use for shipping? ups? fedex? usps? other? candywarehouse ships with fedex primarily, but we also send packages of bulk candy to military addresses all over the world via usps. customers also have the option to use their own carrier account for fedex or arrange their own shipping with their carrier of choice and have the order picked up from our warehouse. can i get my order in india. what will be the shipping charges? no, candywarehouse.com does not currently ship to india. sorry. hello, for pick up what is the earliest we can pick up? for pick-up orders, the hours of long beach, ca are listed on ourwebsite, google maps location pages, and yelp listings. our earliest pick-up time is currently 8am. what is the time frame for standard shipping? standard shipping usually means delivery in two business days, unless the delivery location is a remote or very rural area. if i have sent a gift to someone, will the price or any info of the products (other than your company's name) show up on the package? ordering candy gifts for shipment directly to friends and loved ones? our online order form offers the option to designate the order as a gift so our warehouses will know to simply include a packing slip with no prices and your gift message. ordering questions why should i buy from candywarehouse.com? we understand you have many choices when selecting a resource for your bulk candy and party supply purchases, and we appreciate that you're considering candywarehouse.com. since launching our online candy store in 1998, we've been dedicated to providing customers the best and widest selection of traditional, seasonal, nostalgic, and hard-to-find candy possible. chances are, you'll find exactly what you're looking for right here!here are few reasons to shop with candywarehouse.com:- easy-to-use website: shop our entire inventory by color, flavor, occasion, brand and candy type.- candy buffet builder: use this exclusive planning tool to design a candy display in your favorite color or theme.- how-to videos: learn fun ways to decorate with candy for any party, occasion or event.- tips & tricks: peruse pointers for creating do-it-yourself party favors and candy buffets.- design ideas & sweet inspiration: ignite your creativity with our candy buffet photo gallery, featuring colorful, seasonal, and unique candy displays.- clear product photographs: view product packaging and detailed images of individual items.- thorough product descriptions: read comprehensive information for each item, including color, flavor, texture, size, weight, unit price, and more.- fast and easy checkout: save your account information to make ordering even quicker. plus, use the shipping calendar to make sure your candy arrives for your event in plenty of time.- climate-controlled warehouse: our facilities are designed to keep the entire candy inventory in top condition.- first-class inventory control: our system is highly monitored to ensure candy freshness at all times.- experienced call center representatives: our highly trained staff members are available monday-friday from 6am-6pm pst to answer your specific candy questions, so you have the most accurate information when you're ready to make your purchase.with over 1 millioncustomers served, we hope you'll choose candywarehouse.com for all your candy and party supply needs! what is the minimum order amount at the candywarehouse.com store? there is no minimum on all us orders. minimums apply to international orders, please contact us for details. is the candywarehouse.com store secure? yes, the candywarehouse.com store is verified secure by verisign and all information is stored remotely on our secure servers. the site utilizes security monitoring and 128-bit encryption of all critical data. only encryped credit card information is saved (no credit card numbers or other sensitive data). why is my credit card being charged twice for an order? banks often require a pending authorization in addition to the actual charge on your credit/debit card. this is why you see the "charge" twice. you will only be charged once and the pending authorization should be removed by your bank within 7-10 days. if the pending authorization is not removed within that timeframe, make sure to call your bank. why do you want my telephone number? so we can bother you in the middle of the night with prank phone calls! just kidding. we promise not to use your number unless we need to contact you regarding your order (i.e. if we're out of stock, or would like to suggest a cheaper replacement item, etc.) why do you want my email address? likewise, we've found that the best way to keep our customers is not to annoy them! we won't clog your inbox with spam. we certainly wouldn't ever sell your information to other companies to solicit you. we only ask for your email address in case we need to get in touch with you- that's it! we do not spam our customers. does candywarehouse.com keep my information private and secure? yes. we take the safety of your personal information very seriously.we use a wide array of electronic and physical security measures to protect your personal information from unauthorized access. for a complete description of security and privacy policies,click here. what forms of payment do you take? we accept visa, mastercard, and american express credit cards as well as paypal and afterpay. you can also send us a check or money order (though it takes longer for us to be able to ship orders paid with check or money order) or you can set up an account with us. do you guarantee that i will be satisfied with my order? satisfaction is guaranteed on all non-chocolate orders. if you receive candy that is broken, damaged, or not the item you ordered, please call or email us within 3-5 business days of receipt of the order, as determined by ups tracking. unfortunately, we cannot guarantee chocolates or any meltable items. i've absolutely got to have my candy next week. what do i do? when you upgrade your shipping, your order takes priority. orders sent "next day air" or "2nd day air", will ship in 2 business days or less. so, when placing your order, add a couple of days, then pick your shipping accordingly. i've absolutely got to have my candy tomorrow. what do i do? give us a call, and we'll do our best to accommodate your needs. who may order from candywarehouse.com? do you sell to businesses only? we at candywarehouse.com celebrate the private citizen's right to enjoy an entire case of candy, whether or not he or she should eat all 10 pounds of those champagne bubbles (goodness knows we've had experience!). we proudly welcome all our customers -- people as well as businesses. i noticed that you have a "promo code" area on your order form. how do i get a promo code? sign-up for the candywarehouse.comnewsletter, like us onfacebookand follow us onpinterestto be the first to hear about special promotions, contests and giveaways throughout the year! do you have an affiliate program of any sort? no, we do not offer an affiliate program at this time. where do i need to go if i click the "store pick up" option when ordering? candywarehouse.com - west2520 mira mar ave.long beach, ca 90815 do you price match? candywarehouse does not match prices for products found elsewhere at stores or on the internet. do you take orders over the phone? candywarehouse is available for phone orders monday through friday from 7:00am to 6:00pm pst. you can reach us at 310-343-4099. i know from a previous order that your online catalog is very extensive, but do you have any hard copy catalogs that you provide to customers? due to the vast number of products we offer and the ever-changing quantities of candy we keep on hand, we only offer an electronic catalog at candywarehouse.com. easy to navigate by candy color, flavor, size, candy type, occasion, and other categories, our website provides our customers with the most up-to-date and comprehensive database of candy products available. can you send customers a hard copy catalog via u.s. mail? due to the vast number of products we offer and the ever-changing quantities of candy we keep on hand, we only offer an electronic catalog at candywarehouse.com. easy to navigate by candy color, candy type, occasion and other categories, our website provides our customers with the most up-to-date and comprehensive database of candy products available. what happens to my order if i can't pick it up on the day that candywarehouse's customer care department specified? if you can't make it to one of our warehouse locations during our business hours monday through friday, candywarehouse will hold your order for pick-up for up to one week. please note that orders that are not picked up within the specified timeframe are subject to a 20% restocking fee unless a prior agreement is made with our customer care department. do you offer wholesale discounts to businesses? please note we’re candy retailers and we offer sweets to the general public along with businesses, however we’re not manufacturers nor distributors therefore don’t offer wholesale pricing. we can, however, set you up with an ongoing bulk discount if you have an existing brick and mortar store, this strictly excludes online sales channels. please contact us to setup an account if you meet the aforementioned criteria. are you open to the public? can we just come by and shop? yes! shop our bulk candy store in long beach to find a huge selection of candy by color and unique gifts such as giant lollipops and gumball machines. you can order online and pick-up at either of our warehouses in the metro areas of los angeles, ca. avoid paying shipping fees by simply placing your order on our website and selecting "customer pick up" as your shipping option. standard processing time is about one business day, and we will notify you via text or email when your order is ready to be picked up. we love having visitors and we often host special events in ourcandy store in long beach. the store is open 6 days a week and features candies you won't find anywhere else. snap photographs in our giant wonka chair and get free candy samples too! do you accept purchase orders? we only tend to accept purchase orders from schools, so if you happen to be an institution of education and would like to set up a po (or if you are not contacting us from a school but still have further questions), feel free to e-mail sales@candywarehouse.com. do you accept food stamps/ebt cards no, we do not. if i place an order in the morning, will i be able to pick it up at your location before you close later in the day? in some cases, yes. you will need to telephone our customer service team to confirm that your order is ready before you arrive. thank you. how long will my order be held if not immediately picked up? can someone else pick up my order? our warehouse will hold pick-up orders for 7 business days unless other special arrangements are made. you can designate someone else to pick-up your order for you by giving them a photo of your i.d. so that we identify that we are giving the correct order to the correct person. can we set up an account to order and get billed? yes, candywarehouse can easily set up an account for which you can be billed. just call or email us and we can send you the required paperwork to get set up. do you happen to sell candies for diabetics? yes, we have an entire department of our website dedicated tosugar free candyand sweets! for government organizations - are we able to use our tax-exempt id? yes, simply call our customer servicetelephone number or email usfor help with placing a tax-exempt order. can i order by phone? yes, of course. call us during business hours monday through saturday, 8am to 6pm. we are the candy experts with thousands of fresh candies available year round, plus all the seasonal candy you can imagine. we can offer help with planning a candy bar or dessert table. looking to buy custom candy for a company or corporate event? we can help with that too! just give us a call or email us any time. do you sell gift certificates? the non-profit for which i work is doing a basket raffle and i would like to include a gift certificate in a party planning basket. yes, candywarehouse gift certificates are available in three dollar amounts: $50, $100, $150. please contact our customer service to purchase. do you paypal? yes, candywarehouse is happy to accept paypal as a method of payment. what is afterpay? what is installments with afterpay?installments with afterpay is a service that allows you to make purchases now and pay for them over time. to learn more, visit www.afterpay.comhow do i use installments with afterpay?simply shop online and add items to your shopping bags and checkout as normal. at the checkout, choose installments with afterpay as your payment method. first-time customers will need to register with afterpay and provide payment details, as usual, returning customers simply log in to make their purchase. it's that easy!please note that all items in your shopping bag must be eligible for installments with afterpay. a minimum purchase amount may apply and you must meet additional eligibility requirements to qualify.where can i use installments with afterpay?installments with afterpay can only be applied to purchases made on candywarehouse.com website.payment options depend on purchase amount.can i use installments with afterpay if i'm an international customer?afterpay is only offered to our customers who have a us billing address, us shipping address, a us credit card, debit card, or bank account, and a us mobile phone number. customers with international billing addresses, shipping addresses, and/or phone numbers will not be able to set up an account with afterpay.how does the payment schedule work?for pay-in-4 payments, generally customers are required to make their down payment at the time of purchase, with the remaining three payments deducted every two weeks from your chosen payment method.for monthly payments, customers may be required to make a down payment at the time of purchase. the remaining payments will be deducted every month from your payment method until all scheduled payments are complete.for all afterpay payments, you can log in to your afterpay account to view your payment schedule and make a payment before the due date if you choose to do so.where can i find common questions about payments?check out the afterpay payments faq.when will my items be delivered if i use installments with afterpay?afterpay orders are delivered pursuant to delivery time frames presented by candy warehouse after you complete your order online.is there a limit to how much i can spend on a single transaction?yes, transaction value limits apply to purchases made on candywarehouse.com using installments by afterpay.are there products that are not eligible for purchase using installments with afterpay?there are certain items that are restricted from purchase using afterpay.how do i return or exchange an item purchased using installments with afterpay?subject to candywarehouse's return and refund policies, if you have changed your mind, you may be able to return your afterpay purchase for a refund. please check that your return or exchange meets candywarehouse's return policy here. afterpay will be notified of your return and will process the appropriate refunds. please do not return your purchase to afterpay.if you are fully returning items you purchased using the monthly payments option and a refund is owed, any amounts paid towards the good or service will be refunded; any interest that has already been paid will not be refunded. you may be charged interest for the period of time before your refund is processed.if you believe there is fault or concern with your afterpay purchase payment, please contact afterpay customer support at info@afterpay.comwhat happens if i don't pay my afterpay installments on time?you will be prevented from using afterpay and you may be charged a late fee.what happens if i have a partial refund, and how does that affect my payments?afterpay will be notified once your refund is processed.if you purchased using pay-in-4, your payment plan will be automatically adjusted to reflect the new total order value starting with the last payment and working backward. in the case where a refund amount is larger than 25% of the total order, afterpay will eliminate the fourth installment payment and apply the remaining amount to your earlier payments.if you purchased using monthly payments, interest already paid will not be refunded. any amounts paid toward the good or service will be adjusted, interest will be recalculated based upon the adjusted amount.does afterpay charge interest?pay-in-4 purchases are always interest-free.monthly payments may include interest. if your installment loan includes interest, you will be able to see the amount you will owe before completing the purchase.where can i find out more about afterpay?if you would like to know more about afterpay, visit the afterpay website www.afterpay.com for a comprehensive list of faqs, ​terms of service, pay-in-4 installment agreement, monthly payment loan agreement as well as afterpay's privacy policy.if you have any questions about your afterpay account, please contact afterpay directly via a web form found here. problems? i received the wrong candy. what now? first, we respectfully ask that you double check to make sure that you didn't get what you ordered. look over your order confirmation- it was emailed to you on the day you placed your order. also, large orders that are shipped in several different boxes may arrive on different days. if you're certain we sent the wrong item, simply print out the return label on the "returns" page of our website, tape it to the return box, and send the box back to us. please give us a call or email to let us know that we should be expecting a return. don't forget to include your order number! we ask that you send all returns back to the return address printed on the ups label of the package(s). upon receipt, we will reimburse you for the shipping expenses, and then send out the right item. i'd like to exchange my candy. what now? to protect our customers’ health and safety, we do not accept returns on candy. we only accept returns of non-edible items that have not been worn or used (apparel, accessories, etc.). if you have an issue with your candy order, please contact customer care monday through friday between 7:00am and 6:00pm pst at 310-343-4099 or by email at hello@candywarehouse.com. refunds for returns of non-edible items exclude shipping costs, and the customer is responsible for shipping the products back to us in their original condition. a 20% restocking fee will be applied to all returns. check out our detailed return policy here. i ordered chocolates during the summer and paid to have them shipped "3-4 business days delivery". it's been three days, and they aren't here! do i get my money back? sadly, no. since there are only three business days (monday through wednesday) out of the week that we can ship chocolates during the summer due to high temperatures, we are unable to guarantee that your order will be shipped right away. we do our absolute best to pack orders as soon as we get them, and ship within a 2 day period. learn more about our summer shipping policieshere. how do i reset my password? if you have forgotten your password and are not able to log in, simply click the "forgot your password?" link beneath the purple "login" button on the login page. you will be prompted to enter your e-mail address, and shortly thereafter you should receive an e-mail containing your old password. after logging in, you will be required to reset your password.remember, you can also change your username and password at any time by clicking on the "change password" link after logging in. about us questions who works at candywarehouse.com? candywarehouse.com is populated entirely by happy little elves that ran away from santa claus's workshop, or as we like to call it, mr. evilbeard's horrorshop. we like it here because the uniform doesn't require those uncomfortable pointy shoes. get to know ourleadership team. do you people just eat candy all the time? all day long, it's all we do. wouldn't you do the same? that's why we're all so sweet at candywarehouse! (-: you can see just how sweet byreading testimonials from our happy customers! do you have a store location where i can browse and shop? yes, we have showrooms and candy stores located at our warehouses in long beach, ca. come to our candy store location and satisfy your sweet tooth now! do you consider product requests from charitable organizations? absolutely. however, due to the sheer number of requests sent to us and our own time and business constraints, we can only give to a limited number of charitable organizations and causes each year. if you would like to make a request for a product donation, please emaildonations@candywarehouse.comand tell us a little bit about your organization, what kind of donation and quantity you are seeking, and applicable deadlines. please note since our company is based in southern california, we try to focus the majority of our giving to local communities. does your store have people that come out and setup the candy table or do you give tips on how to set one up? unfortunately, our candy elves can’t help set up any candy buffets, but check out our video section for some tips and tricks to help plan and create your own! trust us, they’re just as fun to make as they are to eat!here are a few ideas to get you started:candy buffet tips and tricks how do i fill out an application for a job? we currently do not have job openings, but you may submit your resume to hello@candywarehouse.com for potential future consideration. is your company open on saturdays for customer pick up? yes, our warehouses and candy stores are open for customer pick-up from monday through saturday. check our localcandy store hoursand start shopping! where is your warehouse located for pick up? our company has a bulk candy warehouse in the usa.candywarehouse.com - west2520 mira mar ave.long beach, ca 90815 can i purchase bulk candy items at the candywarehouse.com location in charlotte, nc? we have unfortunately closed our charlotte, nc location.candy store locations and hours hello, i was just curious about your long beach location. what are your store hours to shop? visit our candy store in long beach, ca for the largest selection of fresh bulk candy anywhere in the city! hours are saturday 9 am to 5 pm and monday through friday 9 am to 6 pm. browse and shop for your favorite bulk candies by color and find unique pinatas and candy bar table supplies such as jars, scoops, and favor bags. take selfies with our giant gummy bear statue and sit in our wacky purple wonka chair!get directions can't find what you are looking for? please contactcustomer care sign up for special offers and delicious candy! email sign up follow candy warehouse instagram facebook twitter youtube pinterest candy warehouse about us come visit us candy elves & friends clean and tidy warehouse candy ambassador site map wholesale login customer care shipping policy faqs contact us check order status return policy terms of service privacy policy resources candy blog corporate gifts candy shelf life gluten free candy kosher candy wedding candy accessibility statement locations long beach candy store2520 mira mar ave.long beach, ca 90815310-343-4099 contact us callemailchat with us! 👋 © candy warehouse 2023 american express american express apple pay apple pay diners club diners club discover discover meta pay facebook pay google pay google pay mastercard master paypal paypal shop pay shopify pay venmo venmo visa visa search