来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20250503123500/https://www.candywarehouse.com/pages/candy-warehouse-store-reviews
================================================================================

candy warehouse store reviews – candy warehouse page candy warehouse store reviews - 117745058042 skip to content free ground shipping with purchase of $150+! use code freeship150 at checkout. cart $0.00 (0) search clear shop by color: view all contact my account login wishlist wishlist cart $0.00 (0) cart candy shop all candy bulk candy bulk wrapped candy bulk unwrapped candy bulk candy favors candy buffet view more types of candy asian candy bite size bon bons brittle candy bubble gum candy bars candy buttons candy canes candy coated popcorn candy corn view more candy flavors bacon candy butter candy caramel candy chamoy candy chili candy chocolate candy cinnamon candy coffee & tea candy cotton candy floral candy view more candy shapes alien shaped candy animal shaped candy balloon shaped candy body parts candy bug shaped candy burger shaped candy car shaped candy coin shaped candy cube shaped candy view more party supplies themes holidays occasions toys popcorn snacks gifts under $10 brands shop all brands # a b c d e f g h i j k l m n o p q r s t u v w x y z featured brands search my account login | register shop by color: view all shop expand menu hide menu shop candy expand menu hide menu candy bulk candy expand menu hide menu bulk candy bulk wrapped candy bulk unwrapped candy bulk candy favors candy buffet view more types of candy expand menu hide menu types of candy asian candy bite size bon bons brittle candy bubble gum candy bars candy buttons candy canes candy coated popcorn candy corn view more candy flavors expand menu hide menu candy flavors bacon candy butter candy caramel candy chamoy candy chili candy chocolate candy cinnamon candy coffee & tea candy cotton candy floral candy view more candy shapes expand menu hide menu candy shapes alien shaped candy animal shaped candy balloon shaped candy body parts candy bug shaped candy burger shaped candy car shaped candy coin shaped candy cube shaped candy view more party supplies themes holidays occasions toys popcorn snacks gifts under $10 brands expand menu hide menu brands shop all brands # a b c d e f g h i j k l m n o p q r s t u v w x y z featured brands contact wishlist wishlist home › candy warehouse store reviews candy warehouse store reviews based on 26642 reviews write a review 86% (22805) 12% (3286) 2% (509) 0% (10) 0% (32) 1449 m albanese pineapple gummy bears: 5lb bag maribel m. love how i found exactly what i needed! a big bag of gummy bears! more specifically candy that fits my specific color theme party. we're so happy to hear that our albanese pineapple gummy bears were exactly what you needed for your color theme party. and wow, that's a lot of candy! thanks for sharing the photo with us. we hope you and your guests enjoyed them. have a sweet day! m albanese strawberry-banana gummy bears: 5lb bag maribel m. love how i found exactly what i needed! a big bag of gummy bears! more specifically candy that fits my specific color theme party. we are so happy to hear that you found exactly what you needed with our albanese strawberry-banana gummy bears. we love big bags of candy too, especially when they fit a specific color theme party. thank you for supporting candy warehouse! we truly appreciate it. m duvalin hazelnut and vanilla candy packs: 18-piece box maribel m. love this candy! i love this candy! always brings back childhood memories. and it was a free gift given in my package! thank you for leaving such a sweet review! we're so happy to hear that our duvalin candy packs brought back childhood memories for you. memories are great with candy warehouse! we hope you continue to enjoy our products and thank you for choosing us as your go-to candy store. m albanese red wild cherry gummy bears: 5lb bag maribel m. love how i found exactly what i needed! a big bag of gummy bears! more specifically candy that fits my specific color theme party. thank you for another kind review! we're thrilled to hear that you were able to find exactly what you needed for your color-themed party at candy warehouse. we hope our albanese red wild cherry gummy bears were a hit with your guests! thank you for sharing the photo of the products with us as well. we appreciate your support and hope to see you again soon. m chewy sour balls - pina colada: 5lb bag maribel m. exactly what i needed for the color theme party! thank you for leaving a review for our chewy sour balls in pina colada flavor. we're so happy to hear that they were exactly what you needed for your color theme party. we take pride in providing a variety of candies for all occasions at candy warehouse. we hope to see you again for your future candy needs! r shipinsure package protection richard all was good r checkout+ richard all was good r good & plenty candy 6-ounce packs: 12-piece box richard they are fresh and what i expected. k sixlets mini milk chocolate balls - turquoise: 2lb bag kimberly b. beautiful color the turquoise is a lovely shade of a medium shade green with perfect shimmer. arrived well packaged and protected- zero chipping of green coating. thank you so much for leaving such a wonderful review for our sixlets mini milk chocolate balls in turquoise. we're thrilled to hear that you love the beautiful color and shimmer of the candies. we take great care in packaging our products to ensure they arrive in perfect condition, so we're happy to hear that your order arrived safely. we appreciate your support and hope you continue to enjoy our candies from candy warehouse. k lucky charms marshmallows: 7-ounce bag kim h. our grandkids thought this was a fun gift for easter! thank you for sharing your positive feedback about our lucky charms marshmallows! we're glad to hear that your grandkids enjoyed their easter gift. we hope you continue to shop with us at candy warehouse for all your candy needs. happy snacking! k charms sweet & sour pops: 48-piece box kim h. great easter gifts we sent these to our 5 grandkids and they were a huge hit. even our 1 year old grandson was thrilled! thank you for your kind review! we're so happy to hear that the charms sweet & sour pops were a hit with your grandkids. we love being a part of creating special moments with loved ones. thank you for choosing candy warehouse for your easter gifts! t finders keepers hello kitty flipperz with gummy candy: 24-piece box tara a. customer service person was very helpful letting me know when my item was back in stock thank you for taking the time to leave a review. we are so glad to hear that our customer service representative was able to assist you in finding the finders keepers hello kitty flipperz with gummy candy. at candy warehouse, we strive to provide excellent service to our customers. we hope you enjoy your purchase and please don't hesitate to reach out to us for any future candy needs. s shipinsure package protection susan customer service was excellent! f pocky - almond crush covered biscuit sticks packs: 10-piece box frank a. love it! very different and great! going to order more thank you for leaving such a sweet review for our pocky - almond crush covered biscuit sticks. we're thrilled to hear that you loved them and are planning on ordering more. we can't wait for you to try out other delicious treats at candy warehouse. happy snacking! f brach's classic jelly beans candy: 14.5-ounce bag frank a. good good jelly beans are my favorite. i just wish the one flavor candy weren't so big and expensive. 93 dollar. totally get it—jelly belly jelly beans are the best! to keep them kosher, we have to leave them in the original sealed packaging, so we can’t break them into smaller sizes. we know the big cases can be a lot, but they’re perfect for sharing (or not 😉). thanks for the feedback and i'm glad you were able to get these brach's jelly beans at a much smaller bag. f duvalin hazelnut and vanilla candy packs: 18-piece box frank a. didn't like it didn't like the candy. it wasn't for me. thanks for giving it a try! 😊 not every candy is a perfect match, but we’ve got tons more treats we think you’ll love. hope you find your new favorite soon! f sweetarts jelly beans candy: 14-ounce bag frank a. great choice never had this item. it's was great! thanks for the sweet review! we're so glad you gave the sweetarts jelly beans a shot — sounds like it was a hit! enjoy every bite! 😄 f pocky chocolate cream sticks family peg bags: 5-bag case frank a. package was damaged. the product was not damaged. just need to handle the items better. thanks for the heads-up! we’re glad the pocky sticks made it safely, but we hear you on the packaging. we'll work on handling with more care—your snacks deserve vip treatment! 😊 f albanese gourmet 12-flavors gummy bears: 36-ounce bag frank a. great quality! love everything about the candy! i got everything without going to the store. that’s what we love to hear! 🙌 great candy, no store trip needed—just sweet, chewy happiness delivered to your door! thanks for the love! t pearson's salted nut roll thins: 7.5-ounce bag terry c. nut roll thins delicious!!! creamy!!! i love them!!! thank you so much for your kind words about our pearson's salted nut roll thins. we're thrilled to hear that you found them delicious and creamy. candy warehouse loves them too! we appreciate you taking the time to leave a review and hope you continue to enjoy our products. have a sweet day! f kinder joy easter chocolate surprise egg: 20-piece box frankie k. kinder joy children were surprised with the box. enjoyed it thank you for shopping with candy warehouse and for your kind review. we're so glad to hear that the children were surprised and enjoyed the kinder joy easter chocolate surprise egg. we hope to see you again soon! k clark candy bars: 24-piece box ken k. love clark bars i have tried to order these a number of times and finally got my hands-on some. i love clark bars so i bought 3 boxes and i hope i can get more. thanks for bringing this candy back. really sweet too, thanks. you? thank you so much for leaving a review. we're thrilled to hear that you love clark bars and were finally able to get your hands on some. we appreciate your support and hope you enjoy your 3 boxes. thank you for shopping at candy warehouse and we hope to see you again soon! happy snacking! l lady may sweets vegan gourmet dragon fruit gummi teddies loriellen c. good flavor, texture was too soft thank you for taking the time to leave a review for our lady may sweets vegan gourmet dragon fruit gummi teddies. we're glad to hear that you enjoyed the flavor, but we're sorry to hear that the texture was too soft for your liking. we appreciate your feedback and will take it into consideration as we continue to improve our products. thank you for shopping at candy warehouse! l chocolate covered cinnamon bears: 14-ounce bag loriellen c. these were a gift for a friend's birthday. she was thrilled! thank you for shopping at candy warehouse! we are so glad to hear that your friend loved the chocolate covered cinnamon bears as a birthday gift. we hope to see you back at our store soon for more delicious treats. have a sweet day! l snickers pecan candy bars: 24-piece box loriellen c. my dream bar thank you for shopping at candy warehouse and for taking the time to leave a review. we are so happy to hear that our snickers pecan candy bars are your dream bar! we appreciate your support and hope you continue to enjoy our products. candy warehouse footer menu about us candy elves & friends clean and tidy warehouse candy ambassador candy warehouse reviews fundraise with candy warehouse recognition site map b2b login customer care footer customer care menu contact us faqs shipping policy return policy privacy policy cookie policy terms of service us laws compliance do not sell or share my personal information resources footer resources menu candy blog check order status corporate gifts candy shelf life gluten free candy kosher candy wedding candy accessibility statement industries we serve location location contact numbertel: (310) 343-4099mailing addressp.o. box 16187sugar land, tx 77496texas warehouse 2661 midway road, ste 200carrollton, tx 75006 contact us contact us callemailchat with us! 👋 american express american express apple pay apple pay diners club diners club discover discover google pay google pay mastercard master paypal paypal shop pay shopify pay venmo venmo visa visa copyright © 1998-2024. all rights reserved. candywarehouse.com, inc. - bulk candy store facebook twitter tiktok pinterest instagram youtube https://x.com/candywarehouse search clear {"themecolor":"#574cd5","iconcolor":"#574cd5","showlogo":true,"topbottomposition":10,"rightleftposition":10,"iconsize":"small","iconcustomsize":64,"position":"bottom-left"}