来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20111230123711/http://www.1800mattress.com/en/info/FAQs/?FT
================================================================================

faqs - 1-800-mattress.com, mattress discounters, dial a mattress, buy mattress online skip to the main content 1-800-mattress.com, mattress discounters, dial a mattress, buy mattress online search this site... find find a store find 0 items $0.00 checkout call us! 1–800–327–7720 home call me back live chat store locator about us contract/hospitality sales contact us make a payment delivery new customer sign in mattress type all mattresses innerspring mattresses foam mattresses latex mattresses futon mattresses box springs crib mattresses mattress brands classic sleep king koil sealy phenom serta simmons spring air stearns & foster tempur-pedic w hotel icomfort bedding bed-in-a-bag accessories daybed bedding comforters mattress protectors mattress toppers duvets pillows sheets window treatments furniture accessories adjustable beds daybeds folding beds new! bedroom furniture bed frames futons headboards and footboards lamps rugs chairs & recliners wall decor clearance sale mattress finder sleep center mattress academy home faqs faqs 1. which mattress is the best? the “best” mattress for you is the one that keeps you comfortable and well supported, and gives you a great night sleep. at 1800mattress.com, we’ve hired experts who’ve done all the research to find exactly the right mattresses for our customers. we have cut open our competitors’ models and used feedback from our customers to develop a product line that features the best mattresses in the industry. we have weeded out the models that do not give our customers true value. when you order from 1800mattress.com, you can feel confident that every model is the best value available, regardless of the price point. if you’re comfortable and it fits your budget, that’s the “best” mattress for you. if you need more help making your selection you can go to our “mattress matchmaker,” which is specially designed to choose the mattress that fits your lifestyle and your particular comfort and sleeping needs, or our expert sleep consultants are available 24/7 to answer any questions you may have and, more importantly, help you get a better understanding of how to choose the model that’s best for you. call 1-800-824-7777 today to find out which is the “best” mattress. you can also chat online with us. 2. would you recommend one mattress brand above all the others? we all recommend brands that fit your lifestyle and your particular comfort and sleeping needs, but we don’t endorse one brand over another. we make a recommendation based on the bed that best suits your needs. brand-name recognition is not always the best reason to choose a mattress. our professional sleep consultants, as well as our “mattress matchmaker,” can help you find the mattress that is perfect for you. just call toll-free 1-800-824-7777 or chat online at any time, day or night. 3. what are the mattress sizes? twin size - 39 x 75 three quarter - 48 x 75 twin extra long - 39 x 80 round - 84” in diameter full size - 54 x 75 crib - 27 x 54 full extra long - 54 x 80 youth bed - 36 x 75 queen size - 60 x 80 tri-fold matt - 24 x 75 king size - 76 x 80 california king - 72 x 84 super king - 99 x 80 4. is there a mattress size that everyone should use? what is the most popular size? there is no “one-size-fits-all” in mattresses. a teen for example may be able to use a twin size bed or may be more comfortable with a queen. if you sleep with a partner, you will certainly require a different size mattress than a child. the queen size mattresses are the most popular at the moment; but, if you have room for a king size, you will be more comfortable with that. 5. how much money should i spend on a mattress? a good-quality mattress is an investment that gives you tremendous return. when you are rested your mind functions better, your memory is sharper and you can be sure you won’t fall asleep on the job, in class, or while driving. for less than the dollar you spend each day on your cup of coffee, you can get a quality mattress that will last you for years to come and prove you with the sleep you need to be at your best. invest in the best quality mattress you can afford. less expensive mattresses may seem like a bargain, but they may not provide the comfort, support and durability necessary for a great night sleep. 6. is it better to shop online, go to a showroom, or call to buy my bed? the answer to this question depends on what’s more important to you. do you need to test the product first, or can you determine what you want by looking at a picture of the product? 1800mattress.com offers you a virtual showroom for your convenience but we also have locations around the u.s. where you can try out mattresses. 7. how do you shop for a mattress and what do you look for? in order to find the perfect bed for your needs, there are several questions you will need to consider. first, what size bed do you need? if the bed is for a child or a dormitory room, a twin size mattress may be fine. if the bed is normally used by two people, the smallest size to consider is a full size. queen size and king size beds provide considerably more room and comfort for the sleepers; however, you must also consider the size of the room. will you need a mattress and box spring set, or just a mattress only to be used on a platform bed? the next consideration is how you want the bed to feel as far as comfort is concerned. all of the beds that we carry at 1800mattress.com will give you great support. what will vary is the amount of cushioning or surface comfort. do you want the bed to be firm, with very little cushioning, or do you want it to be very plus, like sleeping on several comforters? once you can answer these questions and have some idea of how much you want to invest in your mattress, you are ready to call, click, chat or visit 1800mattress.com to find the perfect bed for you. 8. how long do mattresses last and how often should they be replaced? traditionally, mattresses should be replaced every seven to ten years. the life of a mattress can be impacted by many factors, including the height and weight of the sleeper(s) and whether or not it is supported by a proper frame and foundation, and even the climate that you live in. if the mattress is abused by standing or jumping on it, or if a double-sided mattress is not turned as recommended by the manufacturer, you may need to replace the mattress sooner. ultimately, if you wake up feeling stiff and sore and you can’t identify any other causes; you may want to think about replacing your mattress. your lifestyle and your body may undergo rapid changes, and that may mean that your mattress should change as well. as a rule, if your mattress sags or is worn and lumpy, you should think about replacing it. and you can always ask yourself this question: would a new mattress help me sleep better? 9. how does my mattress affect how i sleep? lifestyle factors ? age, physical activity, smoking and illness ? all are important. however, your mattress is the most important factor in determining the quality of your sleep. your mattress should support you and be comfortable enough to allow you to sleep in one position all night, without the tossing and turning that is caused by pressure points. restless sleep or waking up with aches in your arms, legs and back is a sure sign that your mattress is not helping you get the rest you need. creating conditions in your bedroom that are conducive to sleep is also very important. 10. does a couple need a particular size mattress? as a rule, a king or queen size mattress provides the most room and the best comfort. you might want to consider a mattress that minimizes sleep disturbances when either of you move during the night. some mattresses are constructed to minimize the impact of partners moving. the mattresses in the simmons beautyrest product line feature a varying motion separation index, which rates how well the mattress keeps partner movement from disturbing sleep. you should both evaluate a potential mattress purchase. a spacious mattress will help you sleep better and you’ll both be more rested in the morning. 11. do children need a particular mattress? for babies, a crib with a firm, tight-fitting mattress is crucial to the infant’s health and safety. make sure the crib has adequate support for the mattress, so that the bedding can’t be easily dislodged. this is a very important consideration, since babies spend almost three-quarters of their time asleep and toddlers spend half their time sleeping. as your children grown older, they will be ready to graduate to a twin bed. the rules of comfort and support apply here. children need eight to ten hours of sleep per night. a mattress that allows them to sleep comfortably without tossing and turning will give them the restful sleep they need to grow up healthy. it’s better to buy a new mattress for a child, rather than passing him your old mattress when you buy a new one. if a mattress is no longer comfortable for you, chances are it will not be comfortable for your child. 12. do i need to rotate my mattress and how do i do that? how often? most mattresses made it in the last few years are one-sided, as opposed to the two-sided models that required flipping and rotating. through the years mattresses became so heavy, due to added upholstery layers and coils, that they were very difficult to turn. to make it easier for the consumer, one-sided mattresses were developed. most one-sided mattresses should be rotated head-to-toe once every two months. follow the manufacturer’s recommendation. if you have a two-sided mattress, rotating it minimizes the impressions your body leaves and makes your mattress more resilient and resistant to wear and tear because you are using all the sleeping surfaces. two-sided mattresses should be “flipped” once every two weeks for the first three months and once every two months thereafter. the first time, turn it over so the top surface is now resting on the foundation. the next time, just spin the mattress from head-to-toe, leaving the same surface in contact with the foundation. alternate these two procedures every two months and you can expect a long life from your mattress. 13. i saw a mattress in another store but can’t seem to find it on your site. can you get the mattress for me? we’ll let you in on a little trade secret: mattress manufacturers make basically the same models for all retailers. they give each one a different name and a different cover so that each one can have an exclusive. the mattress you saw in that store may very well be one that we carry under a different name. speak or chat with one of our professional sleep consultants to determine whether one of our mattresses is the same as the one you saw. just call toll-free at 1-800-824-7777 or chat online 24/7. information faqs mattress academy sleep and health mattress tips comfort and construction why choose us our promise to you faqs financing testimonials about us careers policies mattress reviews site map shop now coupons clearance promotions contact us call me back chat live 1-800-327-7720 built by salmon llc