来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20121222211133/http://www.1800mattress.com/en/info/testimonials/?FT
================================================================================

testimonials - 1-800-mattress.com | mattress discounters | dial a mattress |buy mattress online skip to the main content 1-800-mattress.com | mattress discounters | dial a mattress |buy mattress online search this site... find 0 items $0.00 my cart call us! 1-800-327-7720 home call me back live chat about us contract/hospitality sales contact us make a payment delivery new customer sign in mattress type all mattresses innerspring mattresses foam mattresses gel memory foam mattresses futon mattresses box springs crib mattresses mattress brands sealy simmons serta icomfort by serta tempur-pedic stearns & foster w hotels king koil 1800mattress collection classic sleep phenom sleeping beauty bedding mattress protectors mattress toppers pillows bed-in-a-bag sheets comforters duvets futon covers daybed bedding accessories specialty pillows kid's bedding window treatments pet beds furniture bed frames headboards and footboards new! bedroom furniture futons daybeds folding beds adjustable beds chairs & recliners rugs lamps wall decor sale mattress finder sleep center mattress academy testimonials "what a great service! my mother-in-law was coming unexpectedly and i had gotten rid of the old guest bed. i called 1800mattress and the new bed was here that night!" — nancy a., syosset, ny "i called you guys about a year ago, and after my first purchase, i ended up needing just a mattress. it was a perfect sale. they were here right when they said they would be. your installers were terrific, and ended up saving me a couple hundred dollars in the process... i will come back again to use your service and purchase products...dial-a-mattress has been great to me, and i'm a very, very satisfied customer, and highly recommend them to anybody looking for a new bed..." — ricky c., margate, florida "i had never ordered anything this expensive online, but i took a chance and i'm so glad i did. it was fast and easy. they delivered exactly on time and i love my new bed!" — joanne d., chappaqua, ny "last week on my way in to work i heard you promoting dial-a-mattress for college kids. my son just started at the university of utah and i had no idea how to go about getting him a bed from massachusetts...they told me it might take 2-3 days...when [my son] called on monday am, they had delivered the mattress between classes that very day!! just wanted to say what great service this was, even across the country and out of their service area!" — colleen m., boston, mass. "i've been listening to their commercials for years, so i called them for my son's bed. everything they say is true! it took about three minutes to order, the bed arrived on time and they took away the old one. can't ask for more than that! i'm telling all my friends to call them." — maryjo m., teaneck, new jersey "everything that happened in this transaction was very, very positive. they were supposed to be there between 1:00 and 4:00. they called at 3:00, and a few minutes later they showed up. the drivers were very clean and very professional. i just want to thank you. it was a very, very good experience, and you've got a wonderful company." — scott h., hartford, ct "from the initial transaction to the final decisions, your salesman displayed qualities all customers want and need (but do not necessarily receive elsewhere). he was a "breath of fresh air" when it comes to handling a customer's questions and issues. he was unfailingly pleasant in his telephone demeanor. without hesitation, if i were his employer i would consider him an asset to my company". — george p., union nj "...everything in your commercials is absolutely true. i was at a mattress store in town, was unhappy with the service, and unhappy with the prices. i called you guys at four o'clock in the afternoon. it was a five minute phone call, and my mattress was in my bedroom at 5:30 that same night, and you saved me over $500...and above and beyond all this, it was my birthday, and it definitely made it an even better day to deal with you guys, and see that you are so professional. you earned a customer for life..." — stephen m., miami florida "i have to admit i was skeptical ordering a mattress online or by phone. jenny, my sleep consultant, took the time to determine my needs and was so knowledgeable. with so little time to shop around, i felt confident i was getting the right mattress - my new mattress arrived in 3 days, with a delivery window of 9-12am and i was still able to make my son's ball game. i love my new bed. — sue w., dallas "dial-a-mattress by far has the best customer service i ever had the pleasure of dealing with in my life. they are professional, courteous, and very knowledgeable. they care about their customers." — anonymous "i cannot believe how professional and courteous your bedding representative was. no matter how many times a day i called just for information and questions about different mattresses, they explained in detail about every mattress and were not pushy whatsoever. they asked me questions to personalize, recommend, and deliver the bed of my dreams!!" — robert v., north bergen, new jersey "...i'm a super, super satisfied customer who had the most wonderful customer service experience with eric. he deserves to be unbelievably commended. his excellence is above and beyond. i would recommend your company all day long." — halle w., ventnor city, nj "when it came time to replace my mattress, i immediately thought of the 1800mattress jingle. being on a very tight budget, i was drawn to the idea of "leaving off the last 's' for savings. i never thought i could buy a high quality bed with the little money i had, but my online research definitely paid off because i purchased a remarkable bed at an exceptionally low price right from mattress.com." — samantha v., queens, new york "...i recently had the pleasure of working with emily in your sales department...she showed me what unfortunately has become a rare commodity in today's business world, the ability to listen and take prompt action when a problem arises. i cannot tell you how refreshing it is to work with a person and company of such integrity..." — robert c., philadelphia pa "i am a tough new yorker and it takes a lot to get me to buy over the phone, but after speaking with a courteous sales associate, i had no doubts that i was dealing with a company that was genuinely listening to my concerns and addressing them promptly. i absolutely love my new mattress." — lee m., los angeles, california excellent... best service i've ever had anywhere...." — gayle n., new london ct "i work very hard for my money and don't part with it easily. i spoke to a bedding salesman numerous times before buying a new mattress set for my son. they were so patient and knowledgeable that i truly felt confident in my purchase decision. thanks to 1800mattress, my son is having a great night's sleep every night!" — rachel s., bridgeport, connecticut "hi my name is pam and i just got two mattresses delivered yesterday, and i was extremely satisfied. the men were courteous, fast, and very clean and respectful, and i can't say enough. i will certainly give my recommendation to all my friends and family to use 1-800-mattress. it's been an absolutely positive experience." — pam v., akron, pa "i am generally a skeptic and don't usually like trying new things. after my wife and i frequently woke up in pain from our mattress, we decided to look for a replacement. i placed an order with a respectful and well-informed bedding expert and within just 2 hours our new mattress was delivered. the bed is just as it was promised to be and more!" — john a., bethesda, maryland "words just can't begin to express how appreciative and grateful we are for our wonderful new mattress and box spring. the best word to describe it is "yummy"! i feel like i'm being spoiled every night when i finally crawl into bed. after our hard days it is a comforting and calming thought to know i end my day snuggled in the most comfy bed i've ever had. thank you so very much!" — elisa m., oviedo, fl "i was hesitant in buying a mattress without first trying it out. i couldn't get to a showroom, but an understanding sales associate reassured me by describing the delivery upon approval guarantee. so i got a mattress delivered and tried it out. it happened to be perfect and just what i was looking for, but i was relieved knowing that if necessary i could tell the driver to take it back without being charged!" — margaret w., woodbridge, virginia they're just honest, reliable, dependable, and super, super helpful. so, thank you so much. i will always be a customer of 1-800-mattress..." — andy f., block island, ri "as my pregnancy progressed, it was getting harder and harder to get a good night's rest, especially on my old mattress. i explained my situation to one of your kind sales consultants and they were so sensitive to my needs. i gave them the time frame i would be available for delivery and my new bed came that same day! thank you for a peaceful night's sleep." — heather m., santa clara, california "i've used 1-800-dial-a-mattress three to four times and it's been an extremely satisfying experience every time. i pick up a phone, a few hours later i have the mattress i want, priced very well, without having to go to three or four different stores to find what i'm looking for. it's absolutely one of the most satisfying customer service experiences i could want." — fj, baldwin, new york "my daughter was heading off to college and needed a new mattress for her dorm. we visited a showroom in new york and spoke to an attentive and courteous salesman there. he helped my daughter find the right mattress according to her individual needs and preferences. the deliverymen arrived punctually, setting up the new bed in a thorough and professional manner. thank you for taking great care of my daughter!" — maria p., brooklyn, new york "we just moved down to new jersey; we lived in boston for years, and we used to hear the ads for dial-a-mattress all the time. i called them out of desperation last night. i had a loyalty to you guys from before, just from listening to the ads and now having been a customer, i'm going to be loyal forever..." — chris r., clifton, nj "thank you for training your sales people to explain mattress technology in plain terms. my fiancé and i were able to make an educated decision about which mattress to buy without being confused by all the mattress industry jargon. we love our bed! we had such a positive experience that we recommended 1800mattress to all our friends and family. thanks again!" — jacob b., dallas, texas "thanks...the delivery was right on time. my daughter loves the mattress. the guys set everything up and she is thrilled. great product and as advertised on the radio, the delivery was right on time..." — glenn o, west springfield, ma "my elderly mother was in need of a new mattress. she had been having chronic back pain for the past 5 years. i decided to purchase a very good quality bed for her from mattress.com. i am glad i invested the money for her health because the new bed relieved much of her pain. the quick delivery and impeccable service are more than enough to make me a repeat customer!" — james k., orlando, florida i realize that the mattress business is competitive (there is no shortage of mattress stores!), but never did any of us get the "hard sell" at your store. you and the other associates are a model of courteousness and professionalism.  it was quite honestly the best experience we have every had with a major purchase.  thank you very much. — tomas j., san diego, ca by the way......if i had your managers name, i would send him/her an email letting them know that you were absolutely great. it is not often that you find someone that actually has customer service skills and really makes the customer feel important and that their needs are being addressed pleasantly! believe me, i work in the customer service area and it is almost non existent these days. so i thank you again for being courteous, pleasant and extremely helpful. kudos to you! — joan l., massapequa, ny last week i purchased a mattress from you for my parents. i just wanted to thank you again for the great service you provided. you explained in detail, the pros and cons of all the mattresses that i was interested in, and allowed me to make a more informative decision. the whole purchase experience was very smooth. i would definitely recommend my friends to 1-800-mattress and i would come back again should a need arise for another mattress. — naila, oakland, ca o.k. where should i begin, not only did my bed come early but that guy chuncy at extension 2040 is incredibly talented...........he was not only informative and witty, but he picked the perfect bed for me and i didn't even leave my house. he made the whole thing as easy as ordering a pizza pie. i was actually looking forward to my delivery. the drivers totally did everything but "sleep in it" as he said. he was much better than my trip to sleepy's and to top it off, he gave me a much better deal. now i have these beautiful pillows and a bed to die for, all because i called a number my mother suggested. lol...guess mother knows best...you guys rule. — received via email i'm writing to commend your chat agent ""henry b"" on his excellent customer service and sales skills.  i was not having a good experience working with ""other mattress stores"", so went online to see if there were any good alternatives.  i really like how the mattress.com site has a chat feature to get my questions answered in real-time, without a bunch of sales pressure and gimmickry. henry was available within 10 seconds of my inquiry, and answered my questions completely and professionally. after we covered several questions, henry attempted to close the sale online, but i prefer to lie down on the mattress before buying, so he directed me to the bethesda store for a personal demonstration. he checked the store hours and inventory to ensure my desired mattresses were in stock. when i return from the store, i'll log back into the chat section and complete my purchase with henry -- i'm that pleased with his service, i want to ensure he gets credit for the sale. please recognize henry for his exemplary service and sales skills. — john b., bethesda, md i would especially like to commend your bedding consultant, gavin lovoi. our decision to purchase from 1-800-mattress was due in large part to the positive experience that we had when we first entered the showroom. gavin was knowledgeable, courteous, pleasant, and patient. most important of all, he was helpful without being pushy.  even though he has only been on the job for less than two months, he knew his mattresses like a veteran.  when we decided to exchange our mattress, gavin once again provided us with the information and space that we needed to choose the best mattress. he made the process pleasant and easy. we would definitely recommend 1-800-mattress to our friends and family. when it is time to by our next mattress,1-800-mattress will be on the top of our list. — vincent l., cupertino, ca my husband and i would like to thank you so much for your amazing service! thanks for spending so much time with us on sunday while we decided on our first bed. we appreciate all the time you spent answering our questions and helping us find the perfect bed for our budget. the delivery service was outstanding and we are very happy with our new bed. again, thanks and we will happily recommend 1-800-mattress to our friends and family. — erin a. i just wanted to tell you that i just had my mattress delivered today. the delivery men were wonderful and efficient. within 10 minutes they had the old mattress out of the house and the new one in place. i am very happy and will recccommend your store. — thanks, maryellen information testimonials mattress academy sleep and health mattress tips comfort and construction why choose us our promise to you faqs financing testimonials about us careers policies mattress reviews site map shop now coupons clearance promotions contact us call me back chat live 1-800-327-7720 built by salmon llc