来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20161231133620/http://www.1800mattress.com/privacy-policy.html
================================================================================

privacy policy 800-327-7720 call chat chat store ad confirm delivery zip: 20149 enter delivery zip code: ok menu 1800mattress search catalog search stores account (sign in) 0 mattresses size twin twin xl full full xl queen king california king type innerspring memory foam gel memory foam hybrid pocketed coil euro top comfort firm plush pillow top contoured extra firm brand eclipse simmons beautyrest tempur-pedic dream bed classic brands serta snuggle home hampton and rhodes sealy beds & furniture adjustable beds sofas & loveseats leather chairs & ottomans bed sets & headboards bunk beds massage chairs bed & mattress accessories pillows pillow cases bed frames bed sheets comforters mattress toppers mattress protectors dog beds shop by brand 800-327-7720 call visit a store store ad account (sign in) free nationwide delivery on purchases over $399 special financing* no credit needed your browser's javascript functionality is turned off. please turn it on so that you can experience the full capabilities of this site. privacy policy 1800mattress.com internet site privacy policy last updated 06/23/16 welcome to the 1800mattress internet site (the "website").the website is owned and operated by 1800mattress.com, llc (“1800mattress”), which is a wholly owned subsidiary of mattress firm, inc. this page contains the 1800mattress.com privacy policy (the "privacy policy"). the website is made available only to those who agree to this privacy policy and the 1800mattress.com terms and conditions of use into which this privacy policy is incorporated by reference. as such, by accessing and using the website you are agreeing to the terms of this privacy policy and the terms and conditions of use.   1800mattress may change this privacy policy from time to time, without notice to you, by posting such changes on the website. by using the website following any such changes, you agree to be bound by this privacy policy as it may have been changed. if you have any questions about this privacy policy or your dealings with the website, please e-mail us at 1800mattresswebhelp@mattress.com or write to us at 1800mattress, 1000 south oyster bay road, hicksville, new york 11801. 1800mattress brings its reputation of quality and service to you through the ease and convenience of on-line shopping via the website. 1800mattress credit card underwriters operate sites embedded within the website. such sites are governed by separate privacy policies, which we encourage you to read at such time as you access those sites. the website is not intended for persons under 18 years of age. 1800mattress does not knowingly solicit or collect personal information from or about children, and we do not knowingly market our products or services to children. 1800mattress recognizes the importance of our customers' privacy.   we strive to manage your personal information with the utmost care. this policy applies to customer information obtained by 1800mattress in connection with our operations online.  this policy describes: how and why we collect your personal information. how your information is used and protected. when and with whom we share your information. the choices you can make about how we collect, use, and share your information. why we collect information we collect personal information about you to deliver the products and services you request and to help improve your shopping experience. we strive to limit the amount of personal information collected to support the intended purpose of the collection.  for example, if you order a product, we need to have information such as your billing address, age, product choice, delivery information, and payment processing information.  in addition, we may use your personal information to provide you with marketing communications regarding products, services, special offers, surveys and information and events about which you might like to hear.  we also collect your personal information to help us design and deliver the website and to deliver targeted advertisements to you when you use the website.  when we use the term “aggregate” information it means, generally, that we may combine information obtained from you together with information from other sources, which may help us develop a more targeted user profile concerning you and/or your demographic information.  for example, if you provide us with your email address, we may cross-check that address against information that might be otherwise available through other entities with which we have business relationships in order to develop a more in-depth demographic profile of you. what information we collect we collect personal information from you in a variety of ways when you interact with 1800mattress online. some examples are when you: create an account on one of our websites; make an online purchase from us; request customer service or contact us; submit a 1800mattress related story, testimonial, rating or review, or other user-generated content that may be posted on the website; participate in a contest, sweepstakes, promotion, or survey; or otherwise submit personal information to us along with any related content of the communication. personal information is information that identifies you or is reasonably linked to you. the personal information we collect may include contact and payment information like your name, email and physical addresses, phone numbers, and credit and debit card information. when you ask us to ship an order, we may collect information you provide us, such as the name, address, and phone number of recipients.   you may also elect to provide us with other information, including without limitation, your gender and birth date.  if you create an account, we will collect information about your purchases and payment methods, as well as the shipping addresses that you add to your address book, in order to make future shopping experiences faster and more convenient.    when you participate in a contest or survey, it is completely voluntary and the user therefore has a choice whether or not to disclose contact information (i.e., name, email and physical address) and demographic information (i.e, postal code, age level).  this information will be used to process the contests or surveys and notify winners and award prizes and may be shared with a third party that is sponsoring the survey or contest.  if your information gathered via a survey or contest will be used in a manner different from that described in this privacy policy, such use will be detailed in the survey instructions or contest rules. information from other sources we may receive personal information about you from other sources as well. examples of these sources are entities that can help us correct or supplement our records, improve the quality or personalization of our service to you, and help prevent or detect fraud. in addition, we may collect information from consumer reporting agencies or other service providers if you obtain certain financial products. automated information collection even if you do not submit personal information through the website, we receive and store certain types of information when you interact with the website, emails, and online advertising. our purpose is to allow the website to work correctly, to evaluate use of the website, and to support website analytics and marketing campaigns.    in this process of gathering information, we may collect personally identifiable and non-personally identifiable information.  some examples include: general browsing:  we may collect technical information such as your internet protocol address and service provider, your computer’s operating system and browser type and version, domain type, date/time stamp, the address of a referring website, if any, and the path you take through our web pages.   we may also create and use electronic records to compile statistics about how our visitors collectively interact with the website. use of cookies:  we use “cookies” to recognize you as you use the website by assigning a unique identification to your computer.  a cookie is a small text file that a website or email may save to your browser and store on your hard drive and is used to help track clicks as you go through the pages within the website.   we may also use cookies to tell us whether you have previously visited the website.  cookies may also be set by third-parties with whom we have an agreement which enables us to obtain other information about you as may be available from those third-parties, such as demographic data about you.  you can set your browser not to accept cookies or to notify you when you are sent a cookie, giving you the opportunity to decide whether or not to accept it.  you may also use commonly available tools in your browser to remove most cookies which may have been placed onto your computer. web beacons and javascript:  web beacons (a.k.a. pixel tabs, action pixels, clear gifs) and javascript plug-ins allow us to know if a certain page was visited, an email was opened, or if ad banners on our website and other sites were effective.   these web beacons and plug-ins are small graphic images (typically that you cannot see) or code on a website or in an email message which are used for such things as recording web pages and advertisements clicked-on by a user, or for tracking the performance of email marketing campaigns.  these devices help us analyze our customers’ online behavior and measure the effectiveness of our website and advertising.  we also work with third-party service providers that help us track, collect, and analyze this information.  third-party entities with which we have agreements may place these devices on the website and/or in emails to use information obtained from them to place a cookie onto your computer, which may enable us to obtain aggregate demographic information and user statistics about you and your preferences. widgets and server logs: a “widget” is generally an application that can be embedded into a web page. widgets can provide real-time information to the page.   widgets are often provided by third-parties and we may provide widgets on our website.    a web “server log” is a record of activity created by a computer that delivers certain web pages to your browser.  certain activities that you perform on our website may record information in server logs, such as if you enter a search term into a search box located on the site.  the server log may record the search term, or the link you clicked on to bring you to the website.  the server log may also record information about your browser, such as your ip address and the cookies set on your browser. search queries: we may provide you with options to search for information on our site.  if you enter information in a search query box, we may store that information and we may aggregate that information with other information we may have about the browser and/or the ip address from which the search query originated. third-party service provider cookies and web beacons: currently, we use third party-placed tracking pixels and cookies and related or similar technologies for to help us understand how our website is used, to personalize our content, develop and improve our products and services including improving advertising, from the following business partner: bazaarvoice, inc. bazaarvoice may collect information about your visits to our website, purchase activity, and your interaction with our products and social commerce services. such information is anonymous and does not include your name, address, e-mail address or other personal information. the anonymous information is collected through the use of a pixel tag (also known as cookies and action tags), which is industry-standard technology used by most major websites. this information allows us to offer social commerce services that allow you to share your opinion about the products on our website, to improve such social commerce service functionality, and to recognize you when you return. non-personally identifiable information obtained through cookies and web beacons may be shared with or obtained by service providers on our behalf. in addition to the anonymous information about your visits to our website, bazaarvoice may also use the anonymous information about your visits to other websites within the bazaarvoice network to provide targeted advertisements and offers for our products and services. if you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this anonymous information used by our third-party service providers, please visit http://www.bazaarvoice.com/consumer-privacy-policy. this website may show advertisements to you on other sites after you have visited this website. this is sometimes known as “remarketing” because we may re-market our products or services to you on other sites after you leave this website. we use third-party vendors, including google, to show you these advertisements on various sites on the internet. these third-party vendors, including google, use cookies, pixel tags, and other technologies to serve you ads based on your prior visits to this website. users may opt out of google’s doubleclick remarketing pixel, which you may opt out of by visiting the doubleclick opt-out page at https://www.google.com/settings/ads/onweb#display_optout. you should also be aware that some browsers have incorporated "do not track" (dnt) features that, when turned on, send a signal in the browser header to websites and online services indicating that you do not wish to be tracked. it is up to the website you visit (and any third parties providing advertising, content, or other functionality on the website) to decide how it will interpret and treat the signal. however, there is not yet a common understanding of how to interpret the dnt signal. as a result, 1800mattress does not currently respond to the browser dnt signals on the website or on third-party websites where 1800mattress provides advertisements, content or is otherwise able to collect information. we continue to work with the online industry to define a common understanding of how to treat dnt signals. in the meantime, users may continue to opt-out of targeted ads from 1800mattress as set forth above. how we use your information 1800mattress uses your information in a variety of ways to offer and provide our products and services to you and to support our core business functions. these include order or service fulfillment, internal business processes, marketing, authentication, loss and fraud prevention, public safety and legal functions. some examples include: to fulfill your requests for products and services and communicate with you about those requests; to register and service your account; to administer surveys, sweepstakes, contests, and promotions; to provide customer service and alert you to product information; to help us improve and customize our service offerings, websites, and advertising; to send you marketing information about our products, services, and promotions; and to protect the security or integrity of the website and our business. to accomplish these purposes, we may combine personal and non-personal information we collect online with offline information, including information from third parties. we may transfer or disclose your information within our corporate family of companies for these purposes. how we disclose your information outside 1800mattress 1800mattress does not sell or rent your personal information to third parties. we only disclose your personal information with your prior consent or under the following limited circumstances. service providers we may disclose or otherwise make available personal information about you to service providers that help with our business operations. examples are shipping vendors, billing and refund vendors, payment card processors, and companies that help us improve our product and service offerings and our website. your personal information may be stored and processed by our service providers in the united states or other locations where the service providers or 1800mattress maintains facilities. we require our service providers to keep your information secure. in addition, our service providers may not use or disclose personal information for any purpose other than providing the services on our behalf. legal requirements and protection of our company and others we may disclose your information in other special circumstances. these include situations when the sharing is necessary to protect the safety, property, or other rights of 1800mattress, our customers, our associates, or any other person, or where otherwise required by law. 1800mattress may provide your personal information in response to a search warrant or other legally valid inquiry or order, or to an investigative body in the case of a breach of an agreement or contravention of law, or as otherwise required by applicable law. business transfers we may transfer any information we have about you in connection with a merger or sale (including transfers made as part of insolvency or bankruptcy proceedings) involving all or part of 1800mattress or as part of a corporate reorganization or stock sale or other change in corporate control. security 1800mattress believes in providing a safe and secure experience for all our online visitors.   we maintain reasonable physical and electronic safeguards designed to limit unauthorized access to your personally identifiable information. we use data encryption technology when transferring and receiving your personal information.  for example, in the transactions submitted by you on the website, a solid key icon or a locked padlock icon at the lower portion of your web browser window confirms the site is secured through secure sockets layer (ssl). pages requesting personal information should always have one of these icons.  you can also confirm your data is being encrypted by looking at the url line of your browser.  when accessing a secure server, the site address will change from “http” to “https”. while we use the foregoing security measures to protect your information, please note that no data transmitted over the internet or stored and utilized for business purposes can be guaranteed to be completely secure.  no security measures are perfect or impenetrable.  we cannot guarantee that only authorized persons will view your information.  we cannot ensure that information you share on the website will not become publically available.  you can reduce these risks by using common sense security practices such as choosing a strong password, using different passwords for different services, and using up to date antivirus software. your california privacy rights under california civil code sections 1798.83-1798.84, california residents are entitled to ask us for a notice describing what categories of personal information we share with third parties or corporate affiliates for those third parties or corporate affiliates' direct marketing purposes. that notice will identify the categories of personal information shared with third parties and used for direct marketing purposes and the name and address of the third parties that received such personal information. if you are a california resident and want a copy of this notice, please submit a written request to the following address: 1800mattress, 1000 south oyster bay road, hicksville, ny 11801. in your request, please specify that you want a "your 1800mattress california privacy rights notice." please allow 30 days for a response. choice and opt-out you may remove your information from our database so as to not receive future communications or to close your account by calling us at 1-800-327-7720 or sending postal mail (certified mail, return receipt recommended) to 1800mattress, 1000 south oyster bay road, hicksville, new york 11801. if you prefer not to receive electronic promotional communications, you can also opt-out by following the unsubscribe instructions included in each communication. if you have signed up for mobile text messaging offers but later decide that you no longer wish to receive these offers simply follow the opt-out instructions included in the mobile message. please note that changes may not be effective immediately. in each event, you must clearly indicate the information that you wish to have changed or clearly indicate that you wish to have your personally identifiable information removed from our database. we will endeavor to comply with your request as soon as reasonably possible. note that despite any request for removal of or change to personally identifiable information, we may need to retain certain information for recordkeeping purposes and there may also be residual information that will remain within our databases and other records, which will not be removed or changed. finally, we are not responsible for informing third parties (including without limitation our third party service providers or strategic partners), with whom we have already shared your personally identifiable information, of any changes requested pursuant to this section, or for removing information from or causing information to be removed from the databases or records of such entities. electronic promotional offers if you do not want to receive emails from us regarding special promotions or offers, you may: (1) click the unsubscribe link at the footer of any e-mail or (2) call customer care at 1-800-327-7720. if you use more than one e-mail address to shop with us, send your messages from each e-mail account you use. please note that even if you opt-out of receiving e-mails, we may continue to send you electronic service notifications that are related to your account(s), orders, or other services you have requested. top of page faster, easier & more convenient than the rest! we're here to help. 800-327-7720 800-327-7720 chat with us about about us financing options customer testimonials commercial sales products mattresses pillows bed & mattress accessories adjustable beds sale brands mattress sizes customer service contact us warranty claims delivery information comfort guarantee mattress academy great sleep at every age 12 tips for better sleep mattress buying guide beyond counting sheep my account sign in make a payment make a financing payment legal info terms of use privacy policy terms & conditions california supply chains act sign up today for special offers and promotions sign up review our privacy policy 1800mattress.com is wholly owned and operated by mattress firm, inc., 10201 s. main st. houston, tx 77025 - copyright 2016 by 1800mattress.com, a mattress firm, inc. company all rights reserved.