来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20211130204318/https://www.1800mattress.com/privacy-policy.html
================================================================================

privacy policy 1-800-628-8737 call chat store ad menu 1800mattress mattresses size twin twin xl full queen king california king shop by price $300 or less $300 - $600 $600 - $1000 $1000 - $1600 $1600 and up type innerspring memory foam gel memory foam pocketed coil comfort firm plush pillow top brand sleepy's tulo simmons beautyrest beds and furniture box springs bed frames adjustable beds bed and mattress accessories pillows mattress protectors mattress toppers sheets sale 1-800-628-8737 call financing options search catalog search search special financing or lease-to-own no credit needed x top categories mattresses pillows bed and mattress accessories adjustable beds sale brands matress sizes search catalog search search trending products see all results sleepy's calm 9" euro top memory foam mattress sleepy's calm 9" euro top memory foam mattress features soft quilted top layer provides a medium feel four foam layers work together for support and pressure relief lumbar support memory foam layer enhances back support extra firm firm medium plush ultra plush simmons beautyrest greenwood 9.5" firm mattress simmons beautyrest greenwood 9.5" firm mattress features firm but flexible cushioning stylish, cost-effective comfort made in the usa individually pocketed coils ventilated aircool beautyedge foam encasement made in usa extra firm firm medium plush ultra plush your browser's javascript functionality is turned off. please turn it on so that you can experience the full capabilities of this site. 1800mattress.com privacy policy last updated: february 12, 2021 1800mattress.com and its operating company, mattress firm, inc. ("mattress firm", "our", “us” or "we") (collectively, “mattress firm,” “we,” “us” and “our”), are committed to making your search for the perfect mattress and a great night sleep as pleasurable and easy as possible. maintaining your privacy is part of that commitment. by interacting with mattress firm through our stores, websites, customer service desk, mobile applications, mattressmatcher web application and kiosks, products and services, you consent to the collection and use of information about you that is collected or submitted as described in this privacy policy. about this privacy policy the purpose of this privacy policy is to provide you with information about how mattress firm collects, uses and shares the information we collect from our customers and visitors. our collection efforts are designed to improve the shopping experience of our customers, to provide relevant information about our products, services and promotions and for other legitimate business purposes. it applies to our interactions with our customers and visitors, including, but not limited to: use of our websites, including mobile websites visits to our stores or attendance at one of our events phone and email communications social media interactions on third-party websites like facebook, instagram and twitter viewing our online advertisements or emails through our authorized vendors use of our mobile applications if you applied for a mattress firm or 1800mattress credit card or any other product financing or leasing in our stores or pop-up events, this privacy policy does not apply to information that you submitted in your application, which was collected by a third-party on behalf of our financing and leasing partners, not mattress firm. these partners have their own privacy statements that set out the manner in which they collect, use and disclose personal information. we encourage you to review each partner’s privacy statement at the time you submit your application for such financial products. you may also contact the financing or leasing company with whom you maintain your account for requests or information regarding your personal information. our stores, websites, mobile applications, products and services are intended for general audiences only and are not directed to children less than 18 years of age. we do not knowingly collect personal information from children under 18 years of age. rest easy: what information about you is collected? through your interaction with us, we may collect your: name signature postal address email address account name telephone number driver’s license number or state identification card number biometric data payment information bank account number credit account number debit account number records of products or services purchased, obtained, or considered, or other purchasing or consuming histories or tendencies online identifier internet protocol address geolocation data internet or other electronic network activity information, including, but not limited to, browsing history, search history, and information regarding your interaction with an internet web site, application, or advertisement inferences drawn from any of the above information to create a profile about you reflecting your preferences, characteristics, psychological trends, preferences, predispositions, behavior, attitudes, intelligence, abilities, and aptitudes rest easy: how is your information collected? we collect information directly from you. the following are a few examples of when we may collect information from you: if you visit our stores, pop-up events or websites if you register with, or create an account on, our websites if you respond to a survey administered by or on behalf of us if you purchase or order products or services from us, whether online, in-store or at a pop-up event if you contact us by phone, e-mail, online chat or by webform using our websites if you make a warranty claim or return or exchange a product if you participate in a sweepstakes or similar promotion sponsored by, or in partnership with, us if you sign up to receive emails and promotional offers from us if provide us with comments or reviews on our websites if you upload or share a photo, submit a request, submit information, comment on, or post other digital content through one of our websites or via social media interactions on third party websites like facebook, instagram and twitter if you use the mattressmatcher kiosk in any of our stores or the mattressmatcher application on our websites if you use one of our mobile applications we collect information from you passively. we may use tracking tools like clickstream data, cookies and pixel tags. you may disable some of these tracking tools by managing your cookie preferences on our website; however, if you choose to use our website, you expressly consent to the use of those tracking tools that are necessary for the proper functioning of our websites. clickstream data clickstream data is a record of your activity on the internet. this data is recorded whenever you click anywhere in a webpage or application and is used for the purposes of collecting, analyzing and reporting data about how you use our websites. this method of data collection is used to capture non-personal information. cookies a cookie is a small text file that may be stored on the hard drive of your computer when you access our websites. a "session cookie" expires immediately when you end your session (i.e., close your browser). a "persistent cookie" stores information on the hard drive so when you end your session and return to the same website at a later date, the cookie information is still available. when you visit our website, we may use both a session and a persistent cookie. these cookies may contain information (such as a unique user id) that is used to track your usage of our website and in some cases, your e-mail address. your e-mail address is only saved in this cookie if you register with us. if you register with us, this cookie allows us to recognize you when you return to our website and provides you with access to your account information. if you save your information with or order from us, we may also use cookies to monitor and maintain information about your use of our website. if you have not saved your information with or ordered from us, we may monitor and maintain information about your use of our websites. we may use cookies to collect information described above in order to 1) provide you with customized content and advertising; 2) monitor usage of our websites; and 3) conduct research to improve our content and services. you are free to decline cookies, but by doing so, you may not be able to use certain features on our websites or take full advantage of all our offerings.  check the “help” menu of your browser to learn how to change your cookie preferences. pixel tags a pixel tag (also known as a web beacon) is a small string of code that represents a clear graphic image and is used in conjunction with a cookie. a pixel tag allows us to capture certain additional types of information about a visitor's actions on a web site, such as a visitor's cookie number, the time, date, duration and number of page views, a description of the page where the tag is placed and details about any items that were purchased. pixel tags help us analyze our customers' online behavior and measure the effectiveness of our website and our advertising. we work with service providers that help us track, collect and analyze this information. we collect information from other sources. we may collect information about you from a friend or family member. a customer may purchase a product from us and request that we deliver it to you.  also, we may ask that friend a tag you, as one of their friends, in one of our social media posts in order to enter into a sweepstakes that we sponsor. we may also collect information about you from our financing partners for marketing purposes, our data and analytics partners and our other business partners - for marketing purposes and to provide targeted content to you. rest easy: how do we use your information? we use the information we collect for our business and other purposes, including: to accept and fulfill product and service orders. we use your information to facilitate payment for our products and services and to facilitate and ensure proper delivery of ordered products to you. to communicate with you about your order or products purchased. we may contact you to confirm or advise of issues respecting your order.  we also contact you by phone to inquire about your purchase experience and level of satisfaction with us. to respond to your questions and requests.  examples include: providing services (such as assistance with a warranty claim, facilitating changes to ordered products or delivery schedules) and helping you locate a nearby store to meet your needs administering your participation in a contest, sweepstakes or other promotion or sending you prizes you might have won. registering you for our website or providing you with information regarding such programs or services processing a return or exchange responding to a product or service review handling any complaint that you bring to our attention to improve our products and services. we may use your information to review website usage and operations and to make improvements to our websites, device applications, or product, product offerings and services. to look at website and device application trends and customer interests. we might use your information to customize your experience with us. we may collect information about your activities on and interactions with various devices and link that information. through such cross-device linking, we can provide you with a consistent experience across the devices you use. we may also combine information we get from you with information about you we have received from third parties or publicly available sources to assess trends and interests. for security and loss prevention purposes. we may use your information to protect our company, our customers or our websites. for example, we track your browsing behavior on our websites and verify your information with information from third party sources to detect and prevent fraud.  we also use information collected in the course of a merchandise return to process and track returns and to help detect and prevent fraud and otherwise administer our loss prevention program.  we might also use cameras in our stores to administer our loss prevention program. for marketing purposes. we may use your information across all of our brands. we use your information to conduct marketing research in order to optimize our search engine marketing strategies.  in certain circumstances, we may send you communications about special mattress firm promotions or offers via regular mail, email, or other electronic channels, including ads on social media platforms. we may send you emails if you have registered on our website and indicated you want to receive this information or if you gave us your information in one of our stores or at one of our pop-up events. we may use information including information collected across different online services and collected from the various devices you may use, to deliver you marketing communications (including online ads) based on your interests. for example, if you view a product on our website, you may see ads for that product on our or third-party websites.  we also use your information collected via our mattress finder in-store kiosk and online application to make product recommendations to you. rest easy: how do we share your information? we may share your information for our business purposes and as legally required or permitted.  we may disclose and sell* the following categories of information: your name your postal address your email address your account name your telephone number your driver’s license number or state identification card number your biometric data your payment information your bank account number your credit account number your debit account number your records of products or services purchased, obtained, or considered, or other purchasing or consuming histories or tendencies your online identifier internet protocol address your geolocation data your internet or other electronic network activity information, including, but not limited to, browsing history, search history, and information regarding your interaction with an internet web site, application, or advertisement inferences drawn from any of the above information to create a profile about you reflecting your preferences, characteristics, psychological trends, preferences, predispositions, behavior, attitudes, intelligence, abilities, and aptitudes our reasons for disclosing and selling* your information include: operational vendors - to enable vendors to perform operational services on our behalf. we may also share your personal information with vendors that need access to your personal information to provide us with operational support services. these vendors include payment processors, delivery routers, contractors and schedulers, shippers, product suppliers, product order processors, fraud prevention vendors, technical service vendors and vendors that conduct surveys on our behalf. these vendors must agree to appropriate restrictions on the disclosure and use of your information. unless otherwise disclosed to you, these vendors are prohibited from using your personally identifiable information for their own marketing purposes or to advertise directly to you. *please note that we do not sell your information in the sense that we do not receive any money in exchange for sharing your information. from time to time, however, we may authorize our service providers and third parties with whom we share your information to use such information to improve their products and service offerings, including those services they offer to mattress firm. advertisers and marketers - to market our products and promotional offerings to you and to enable you to provide feedback on products you purchase. we may share your information with advertising and marketing partners for purposes of providing you with targeted advertising, promotions and other offerings and to enable you to provide feedback about products you purchase. for more details please see the section of this privacy policy titled, “third party advertising partners and your privacy preferences.” financing and leasing partners - to prescreen you for financing and leasing offers that may be of interest to you and to facilitate our receipt of payment for products financed or leased by you. we may share your information with our financing and leasing partners to prescreen you for financing and leasing offers that we may communicate to you. also, if you purchase a product from us using your mattress firm credit card or other financing or leasing applied for in-store, online or at a pop-up event, we inform the applicable finance or leasing company of your sales order information. we may also share your information in order to resolve chargebacks, disputes and fraudulent activity associated with your financing or leasing account. suppliers - to assist you with warranty claims. in instances where we do not administer a product’s warranty, we may provide your information to the vendor of that product so that your warranty claim can be handled. we might also share information with the vendors of our products and services to respond to your reviews and questions. government authorities - if we think we have to in order to comply with the law. we may disclose your information to respond to a court order or subpoena. we may also disclose your information if a government agency, law enforcement or investigatory body requests it. law enforcement and collection agencies - to protect us. we may disclose your information if we suspect fraud. we may also share your information as part of an investigation. we may also disclose your information to assist us in collecting a debt owed by you. strategic business partners - as part of a strategic business transaction. as we continue to develop our business, we or our affiliates may sell or buy other businesses or entities. in such transactions, your information may be one of the transferred business assets. at your direction. for example, if you ask us to provide your information to a third-party to facilitate the resolution of a dispute. rest easy: how secure is your information? mattress firm takes information security seriously. we have taken certain physical, electronic, contractual and managerial steps to safeguard and secure the information we collect. we have limited access to private and confidential data to those employees with a specific need to retrieve this information. to maintain this highest level of security, we do not store private information on any of our public facing websites. we do not direct our websites to, nor do we knowingly collect, any personal information from children under the age of 18. all of your information is encrypted before it is transmitted across the internet. additionally, the information you provide when you place an order is encrypted (or coded) using a secure server for maximum security. this coding makes it extremely difficult for anyone to reach your information as it moves through our ordering system. most of the pages on our websites provide information about mattress firm and our products and do not contain secure information or ask for your personal information. we make this information available freely and there's no reason for these pages to be secure. the pages that we make secure are the "checkout area" and pages on which you actually make a purchase, manage your account, or check your order status. for example, the entire checkout process, from introduction to final confirmation, is completely secure. when confirming an order, the confirmation page will display your shipping address, billing address, and payment method (e.g. credit card). your credit card number will not be displayed on this page. if you are logged into your account, your profile page will display the last four digits of the credit card you have on file. it will not display your full credit card number. you may add new credit card information or delete current credit card information but you will not be able to edit any of your credit card information. when you create an account on our site, we will store some of your personal information. this will include your name, login information (except passwords), shipping address, billing address, order information, wish list information, and payment settings. if you log in using a social media site such as facebook, we will capture and store that login information as well. to check the security of your computer, look for a padlock to either the left or right of the url. if you see a closed padlock, then the encryption technology is active and the server is secure. you can also check by looking at the url line of your browser. when you access a secure server, the initial characters of the site address will be "https." you also have an obligation to safeguard your own personal information. if you set up an account on our site, it is your responsibility to keep your password and profile information confidential. we recommend using a complex password with unique number, letters and special characters. if you are sharing a computer, you should always log out before leaving a site to protect access to your information from subsequent users. if your password has been compromised for any reason, you should immediately change your password. third-party websites the website may contain links to third-party websites, which may have privacy policies that differ from our own. we are not responsible for the activities and practices that take place on these sites. accordingly, we recommend that you review the privacy policy posted on any site that you may access through our websites. third party advertising partners and your privacy preferences we use third-party service providers to serve advertisements (banners or links) on our behalf across the internet.  these advertising service providers may collect information about your visits to our website, and your interactions with our products and services. such information does not include your name, address, e-mail address or financial information. the information is collected through the use of cookies and pixel tags.  in addition to the information about your visits to our website, our service providers may also use the information about your visits to other websites to target advertisements for products and services available from mattress firm. currently, we use third party-placed tracking pixels and cookies from the following advertising delivery partners: trueffect, amazon and google. in the future we may partner with other companies to provide interest-based advertising, both on and off our websites. if this occurs, mattress firm provides you with an opportunity to opt out when these advertisements are served. you may manage your third-party advertising preferences by clicking on the links below: i would like to opt out of trueffect ads. i would like to opt out of google analytics display advertising. i would like to opt out of amazon ads. if you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices for not having this information used by third-party service providers, please visit http://www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp facebook custom audience ads we may display interest-based ads to you when you are using facebook through a tool offered by facebook called the custom audience tool. this tool allows us to personalize our ads based on your shopping experience with us. we do not share any of your personal information, including your shopping history, with facebook. the tool lets mattress firm convert your e-mail address to a unique number that facebook uses to match to unique numbers facebook generates from e-mail addresses of its users. i would like to opt out of facebook custom audience ads. google custom match ads we may display interest-based ads to you when you are using google through a tool offered by google called the custom match program. this tool allows us to personalize our ads based on your shopping experience with us. the tool lets mattress firm convert your e-mail address to a unique number that google uses to match to unique numbers google generates from e-mail addresses of its users. i would like to opt out of google custom match ads. e-mail marketing if you are opted in to receive marketing e-mails from us and wish to unsubscribe, you can do so by clicking on the unsubscribe hyperlink at the bottom of the marketing e-mail you receive. we will note in our database that you have elected to opt out of future e-mails from our company. your record will still remain in our database but you will not receive any future mailings unless we manually opt you back in. you may also choose to opt out of e-mails by sending an e-mail to us at customerservice@mattressfirm.com. if you choose to opt out with this method, please be sure to include the e-mail address that you would like us to unsubscribe. for california residents your california privacy rights shine the light pursuant to section 1798.83 of the california civil code, if you have an established business relationship with a business, you have the right to request from that business, certain information with respect to the types of personal information that business shares with third parties for those third parties' direct marketing purposes and the identities of the third parties with whom that business has shared such information during the immediately preceding calendar year. submit your request here. please note that under california law, businesses are only required to respond to a customer request once during any calendar year. california consumer privacy act pursuant to sections 1798.110 and 1798.115 of the california civil code, you have the right to request that a business disclose to you the following: (1) the categories of personal information it has collected about you; (2) the categories of sources from which the personal information is collected; (3) the business or commercial purpose for collecting or selling personal information; (4) the categories of third parties with whom the business shares personal information; (5) the specific pieces of personal information it has collected about you; (6) the categories of personal information that the business sold about you, if any, and the categories of third parties to whom the personal information was sold, by category or categories of personal information for each third party to whom the personal information was sold; and (7) the categories of personal information that the business disclosed about you for a business purpose, if any. to exercise your rights, you may submit your request online, or send a written request to: “mattress firm, 10201 s. main street, houston, tx 77025, attn: legal department”.  if submitting a written request, please include your name, mailing address, telephone number and email address. please note that mattress firm will not provide you with personal information more than twice in any 12-month period. pursuant to section 1798.105 of the california civil code, you have the right to request that a business delete any personal information about you which the business has collected from you. to exercise this right, you may submit your request online, or send a written request to: “mattress firm, 10201 s. main street, houston, tx 77025, attn: legal department” or call (855) 433-7472.  if submitting a written request, please include your name, mailing address, telephone number and email address. do not sell my personal information pursuant to section 1798.120 of the california civil code, you have the right, at any time, to direct a business that sells personal information about you to third parties not to sell your information, even if no money is exchanged.  to exercise this right and opt out of the “sale” of your information, submit your request online,   or send a written request to: “mattress firm, 10201 s. main street, houston, tx 77025, attn: legal department”.  if submitting a written request, please include your name, mailing address, telephone number and email address. no business may discriminate against you on account of your exercise of these rights. more information about your rights under the california consumer privacy act. for nevada residents mattress firm does not sell your personally identifiable information for money.  however, if you would like to opt-out of the sale of your personally identifiable information, submit your request online, or send a written request to: “mattress firm, 10201 s. main street, houston, tx 77025, attn: legal department”.  if submitting a written request, please include your name, mailing address, telephone number and email address. changes to this privacy policy we may change this privacy policy from time to time. if you have any questions or concerns about this privacy policy, please contact us at customerservice@mattressfirm.com. need help? × chat, save & get fast delivery! ask about our special financing and lease to own no-credit needed options. close start chat about about us customer testimonials mattress academy great sleep at every age 12 tips for better sleep mattress buying guide beyond counting sheep commercial sales shopping for a business? click here to get a quote. 800-934-6848 customer service warranty claims delivery information delivery tracking comfort guarantee return and exchange policy make a financing payment legal info terms of use privacy policy terms & conditions california supply chains act review our privacy policy california privacy rights do not sell my personal information about about us customer testimonials customer service warranty claims delivery information delivery tracking comfort guarantee return and exchange policy make a financing payment commercial sales shopping for a business? click here to get a quote. 800-934-6848 legal information terms of use privacy policy terms & conditions california supply chains act review our privacy policy review our privacy policy 1800mattress.com is wholly owned and operated by mattress firm, inc., 10201 s. main st. houston, tx 77025 - copyright 2018 by 1800mattress.com, a mattress firm, inc. company all rights reserved. no credit needed: progressive leasing obtains information from credit bureaus. not all applicants are approved. the advertised service is lease-to-own or a rental- or lease-purchase agreement provided by prog leasing, llc, or its afﬁliates. acquiring ownership by leasing costs more than the retailer’s cash price. leasing available on select items at participating locations only. not available in mn, nj, vt, wi, wy.