来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20111221050550/http://www.bassettfurniture.com/customer-service/privacy-and-terms.asp
================================================================================

bassett furniture » customer service customer service customer service faqs contact us apply for credit make a payment privacy and terms of use site map direct mail opt-out request a catalog privacy and terms of use privacy policy welcome to http://www.bassettfurniture.com/.  please take a few minutes to review our privacy statement for this site. this statement of privacy applies only to the website of bassett furniture industries (bassett), located on the internet at www.bassettfurniture.com and governs data collection and usage. by using the bassett website, you consent to the data practices described in this statement. this is the website of bassett furniture industries. our postal address is: bassett furniture industries 3525 fairystone park hwy. bassett, va 24055 email address: support@bassettfurniture.com telephones:  276.629.6000 information we collect for each visitor to our website, our web server automatically recognizes a visitors domain name, ip address, browser type, access times and referring website addresses.  we also collect and store any information provided to us via forms or emails. exception: the consumer product safety improvement act of 2008 requires bassett and other manufacturers of durable infant or toddler products to keep records of consumers who register these types of products with us.  we will use the information provided to contact you only if there is a safety alert or recall for this product. we will not sell, rent, or share your personal information. bassett collects and uses information to operate the bassett furniture industries website and deliver the services you have requested.  any information provided to us via this site, including emails, can be used by bassett for research, analysis, and internal statistics. from time to time, we may also use this information to contact you in regards to a question that you have asked, or to inform you of new product or services.  we may also contact you via surveys to conduct research about your opinion of current services.  if you do not wish to receive emails or mailings from us, you may request this at the above address. occasionally we exchange our customer lists with other reputable companies.  if you do not wish to receive mailings from these companies, or if you no longer wish to receive our catalogs, please send us your name and address as it appears on the mailing label on your catalog to the email or postal addresses above.  please note that any requests to remove or update your personal information may take up to ten days for your email request and 6-8 weeks to process your postal mail request. with respect to cookies we use cookies to store visitors preferences, record session information, such as items that consumers add to their shopping cart, record user-specific information on what pages users access or visit, alert visitors to new areas that we think might be of interest to them when they return to our site, record past activity at a site in order to provide better service when visitors return to our site. with respect to personal information if you supply us with your postal address on-line you may receive periodic mailings from us with information on new products and services or upcoming events. if you do not wish to receive such mailings, please let us know by calling us at the number provided above, e-mailing us at the above address, writing to us at the above address. if you do not want to receive e-mail from us in the future, please let us know by sending us e-mail at the above address, calling us at the above telephone number. exception: the consumer product safety improvement act of 2008 requires bassett and other manufacturers of durable infant or toddler products to keep records of consumers who register these types of products with us.  we will use the information provided to contact you only if there is a safety alert or recall for this product. we will not sell, rent, or share your personal information. from time to time, we may use customer information for new, unanticipated uses not previously disclosed in our privacy notice. if our information practices change at some time in the future we will contact you before we use your data for these new purposes. customers may prevent their information from being used for purposes other than those for which it was originally collected by e-mailing us at the above address or contacting us via telephone. security of information bassett has the appropriate security measures in place in our physical facilities to protect against the loss, misuse or alteration of information that we have collected from you at our site.  we secure all personal information from unauthorized access, use or disclosure. bassett secures the personally identifiable information you provide on computer servers in a controlled, secure environment, protected from unauthorized access, use or disclosure. if you feel that this site is not following its stated information policy, you may contact us at the above addresses or phone number. terms of use welcome to http://www.bassettfurniture.com/.  please take a few minutes to review the following terms of use of our site.  your use of our site constitutes your agreement to follow these terms of use and to be bound by them. inaccuracy disclaimer from time to time there may be information on our web site or in our catalog that contains typographical errors, inaccuracies, or omissions that may relate to product descriptions, pricing, and availability.  bassett reserves the right to correct any errors, inaccuracies, or omissions and to update information at any time without prior notice. pricing on our site bassett is dedicated to providing quality products at a competitive value.  pricing of products offered on this web site are bassett furniture’s suggested price, are valid only in the continental united states, and may vary in stores due to promotions, events, and or product merchandising.  pricing in the store will supersede pricing on the website. these terms and conditions may change bassett furniture reserves the right to update or modify these terms and conditions at any time without prior notice. your use of our website following any such change constitutes your agreement to follow and be bound by the terms and conditions as changed. disclaimer this website (http://www.bassettfurniture.com/) and all content available on this website are provided on an "as is" basis without warranties of any kind, either express or implied, including without limitation warranties of title or implied warranties of merchantability or fitness for a particular purpose. you acknowledge, by your use of this website, that your use of this website is at your sole risk, that you assume full responsibility for all costs associated with all necessary servicing or repairs of any equipment you use in connection with your use of this website, and that bassett furniture industries shall not be liable for any damages of any kind related to your use of this website. copyright notice all of the content you see on this website, including, for example, all of the page headers, images, illustrations, graphics, audio clips, video clips, and text, are subject to trademark, service mark, trade dress, copyright and/or other intellectual property rights or licenses held by bassett furniture, one of our affiliates or by third parties who have licensed their materials to bassett furniture.  the entire content of the this site is copyrighted as a collective work under u.s. copyright laws.  the site is intended solely for personal, noncommercial use by the users of our site. you may download, print and store selected portions of the content, provided you (1) only use these copies of the content for your own personal, non-commercial use, (2) do not copy or post the content on any network computer or broadcast the content in any media, and (3) do not modify or alter the content in any way, or delete or change any copyright or trademark notice. no right, title or interest in any downloaded materials is transferred to you as a result of any such downloading.  bassett furniture reserves complete title and full intellectual property rights in any content you download from this website. colors we have done our best to display as accurately as possible the colors of the products shown on this web site. however, because the colors you see will depend on your monitor, we cannot guarantee that your monitor’s display of any color will be accurate. indemnification you agree to defend, indemnify and hold bassett furniture industries harmless from and against any and all claims, damages, costs and expenses, including attorneys’ fees, arising from or related to your use of this website (http://www.bassettfurniture.com/) company informationstore locator careersinvestorsquality without compromise upholstery warranty wood warranty environmental initiativescustomer servicecontact us terms for online salesdirect mail opt-out privacy and terms of use site maprelated linksbassettbabymake a payment dealer site popular products bedroom living room dining room entertainment room office furniture accent furniture lingerie chests nightstands traditional furniture contemporary furniture beds ottomans recliners sofa beds chaises end tables couches leather furniture leather recliners loveseats loveseat sleepers sleeper chairs swivel recliners sofas chairside tables chairs china cabinets china hutches contemporary dining tables dining chairs drop leaf tables curio cabinets dining tables leather dining chairs round dining tables tv stands coffee tables bookcases cocktail tables console tables corner entertainment units entertainment centers credenzas home entertainment furniture sectional sofas leather sofas desks home office desks home office furniture writing desks contemporary office furniture accent chairs tables welcome to bassett. we are a high quality furniture manufacturer who specializes in producing hand crafted living room, dining room, and bedroom furniture. please visit the above most popular products, our custom furniture center, or our discount furniture section to find exactly what you need. if you are looking for a showroom close to you, please see our national location list.copyright © 2003-2011 bassett furniture industries, inc. all rights reserved.website development by beacon technologies, inc. request a catalog | sign in | wish list attention: to view the full capabilities of our web site and to place an order, you must have javascript enabled on your browser. shop our products bedroom custom upholstered beds view by collection bedrooms we love beds dressers & bureaus nightstands chests credenzas & media chests armoires mirrors bedding mattresses baby furniture dining custom dining view by collection dining we love dining tables dining chairs chinas sideboards/servers living spaces custom upholstery view by collection living spaces we love sofas & loveseats sectionals recliners chairs ottomans & benches living room tables accent furniture accent pillows media rooms view by collection media rooms we love credenzas & media chests armoires entertainment walls sectionals recliners accent pillows workspaces view by collection desks office chairs storage accessories lighting rugs accent furniture mirrors bedding accent pillows wall decor/art tabletop clearance view all bedroom dining living spaces media rooms workspaces accessories design ideas & tools fabrics we love rooms we love want design help? room planner build custom furniture sofas & loveseats & chairs ottomans & benches dining tables, chairs & cabinets upholstered beds quality matters explore upholstery explore wood furniture environmental initiatives customer service » privacy and terms of use