来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20161207162952/https://www.bassettfurniture.com/customer-service/privacy-and-terms.asp
================================================================================

bassett furniture » customer service customer service customer service shipping & delivery return policy baby furniture product registration apply for credit make a payment direct mail opt-out privacy and terms of use faqs contact us site map request a catalog privacy and terms of use privacy policy welcome to http://www.bassettfurniture.com/.  please take a few minutes to review our privacy statement for this site. this statement of privacy applies only to the website of bassett furniture industries (bassett), located on the internet at www.bassettfurniture.com and governs data collection and usage. by using the bassett website, you consent to the data practices described in this statement. this is the website of bassett furniture industries. our postal address is: bassett furniture industries 3525 fairystone park hwy. bassett, va 24055 email address: support@bassettfurniture.com telephones:  276.629.6000 information we collect for each visitor to our website, our web server automatically recognizes a visitors domain name, ip address, browser type, access times and referring website addresses.  we also collect and store any information provided to us via forms or emails. exception: the consumer product safety improvement act of 2008 requires bassett and other manufacturers of durable infant or toddler products to keep records of consumers who register these types of products with us.  we will use the information provided to contact you only if there is a safety alert or recall for this product. we will not sell, rent, or share your personal information. bassett collects and uses information to operate the bassett furniture industries website and deliver the services you have requested.  any information provided to us via this site, including emails, can be used by bassett for research, analysis, and internal statistics. from time to time, we may also use this information to contact you in regards to a question that you have asked, or to inform you of new product or services.  we may also contact you via surveys to conduct research about your opinion of current services.  if you do not wish to receive emails or mailings from us, you may request this at the above address. occasionally we exchange our customer lists with other reputable companies.  if you do not wish to receive mailings from these companies, or if you no longer wish to receive our catalogs, please send us your name and address as it appears on the mailing label on your catalog to the email or postal addresses above.  please note that any requests to remove or update your personal information may take up to ten days for your email request and 6-8 weeks to process your postal mail request. with respect to cookies we use cookies to store visitors preferences, record session information, such as items that consumers add to their shopping cart, record user-specific information on what pages users access or visit, alert visitors to new areas that we think might be of interest to them when they return to our site, record past activity at a site in order to provide better service when visitors return to our site. with respect to personal information if you supply us with your postal address on-line you may receive periodic mailings from us with information on new products and services or upcoming events. if you do not wish to receive such mailings, please let us know by calling us at the number provided above, e-mailing us at the above address, writing to us at the above address. if you do not want to receive e-mail from us in the future, please let us know by sending us e-mail at the above address, calling us at the above telephone number. exception: the consumer product safety improvement act of 2008 requires bassett and other manufacturers of durable infant or toddler products to keep records of consumers who register these types of products with us.  we will use the information provided to contact you only if there is a safety alert or recall for this product. we will not sell, rent, or share your personal information. from time to time, we may use customer information for new, unanticipated uses not previously disclosed in our privacy notice. if our information practices change at some time in the future we will contact you before we use your data for these new purposes. customers may prevent their information from being used for purposes other than those for which it was originally collected by e-mailing us at the above address or contacting us via telephone. security of information bassett has the appropriate security measures in place in our physical facilities to protect against the loss, misuse or alteration of information that we have collected from you at our site.  we secure all personal information from unauthorized access, use or disclosure. bassett secures the personally identifiable information you provide on computer servers in a controlled, secure environment, protected from unauthorized access, use or disclosure. if you feel that this site is not following its stated information policy, you may contact us at the above addresses or phone number. terms of use welcome to http://www.bassettfurniture.com/.  please take a few minutes to review the following terms of use of our site.  your use of our site constitutes your agreement to follow these terms of use and to be bound by them. inaccuracy disclaimer from time to time there may be information on our web site or in our catalog that contains typographical errors, inaccuracies, or omissions that may relate to product descriptions, pricing, and availability.  bassett reserves the right to correct any errors, inaccuracies, or omissions and to update information at any time without prior notice. pricing on our site bassett is dedicated to providing quality products at a competitive value.  pricing of products offered on this web site are bassett furniture’s suggested price, are valid only in the continental united states, and may vary in stores due to promotions, events, and or product merchandising.  pricing in the store will supersede pricing on the website. these terms and conditions may change bassett furniture reserves the right to update or modify these terms and conditions at any time without prior notice. your use of our website following any such change constitutes your agreement to follow and be bound by the terms and conditions as changed. disclaimer this website (http://www.bassettfurniture.com/) and all content available on this website are provided on an "as is" basis without warranties of any kind, either express or implied, including without limitation warranties of title or implied warranties of merchantability or fitness for a particular purpose. you acknowledge, by your use of this website, that your use of this website is at your sole risk, that you assume full responsibility for all costs associated with all necessary servicing or repairs of any equipment you use in connection with your use of this website, and that bassett furniture industries shall not be liable for any damages of any kind related to your use of this website. copyright notice all of the content you see on this website, including, for example, all of the page headers, images, illustrations, graphics, audio clips, video clips, and text, are subject to trademark, service mark, trade dress, copyright and/or other intellectual property rights or licenses held by bassett furniture, one of our affiliates or by third parties who have licensed their materials to bassett furniture.  the entire content of the this site is copyrighted as a collective work under u.s. copyright laws.  the site is intended solely for personal, noncommercial use by the users of our site. you may download, print and store selected portions of the content, provided you (1) only use these copies of the content for your own personal, non-commercial use, (2) do not copy or post the content on any network computer or broadcast the content in any media, and (3) do not modify or alter the content in any way, or delete or change any copyright or trademark notice. no right, title or interest in any downloaded materials is transferred to you as a result of any such downloading.  bassett furniture reserves complete title and full intellectual property rights in any content you download from this website. colors we have done our best to display as accurately as possible the colors of the products shown on this web site. however, because the colors you see will depend on your monitor, we cannot guarantee that your monitor’s display of any color will be accurate. indemnification you agree to defend, indemnify and hold bassett furniture industries harmless from and against any and all claims, damages, costs and expenses, including attorneys’ fees, arising from or related to your use of this website (http://www.bassettfurniture.com/) now open! coming soon be the first to know about new arrivals & special offers! an iframe capable browser is required to view this web site. be the first to know about new arrivals & special offers! an iframe capable browser is required to view this web site. about us vision + values store reviews careers investors our community impact environmental initiatives customer service shipping & delivery return policy upholstery warranty wood warranty opt-out make a payment online terms privacy faqs contact us site map store locator to the trade dealer site an iframe capable browser is required to view this web site. popular products bedroom furniture living room dining room entertainment room office furniture accent furniture bedroom sets beds bedroom ideas baby cribs mattresses dressers contemporary furniture end tables canopy bed toddler-beds ottomans nightstands upholstered headboard white dresser convertible cribs round baby cribs kids headboards baby bedding baby girl cribs white nursery furniture crib and changer combo kids dressers kids daybeds kids furniture modern nursery furniture black cribs infant cribs king size headboards black dresser storage beds bedside tables living spaces living room ideas coffee tables chaise lounge recliners sofas sofa bed couches chairs sleeper sofa chair end tables sofa table living room sets sectional sofa reclining sectionals chesterfield sofa custom recliners square coffee tables glass coffee tables large coffee tables round coffee tables small coffee tables wood coffee tables dining room sets dining room chairs kitchen islands dining chairs counter stools curio cabinets tables dining tables stools dinette sets kitchen table upholstered dining chairs kitchen furniture upholstered chairs sideboards tv stands sectional sofas coffee tables tv stand entertainment centers console tables bookcases chair and a half side tables sectional couch sofa tables leather sofas game tables oversized chairs rocker recliner desks office chairs home office furniture computer desk desk chairs home office desks leather chairs writing desks computer desks contemporary office furniture computer furniture computer hutch executive chairs home library bookcases bar stools area rugs mirrors floor lamps lamp shades lamps home decor accent chairs table lamps throw pillows tables wall mirrors accent tables accent pillows fabric ottomans welcome to bassett. we are a high quality furniture manufacturer who specializes in producing hand crafted living room, dining room, and bedroom furniture please visit the above most popular furniture pieces, our custom furniture center, or our discount furniture section to find exactly what you need. if you are looking for a showroom close to you, please see our national location list. if you don't have adobe® reader® get it here: get adobe® reader® copyright © 2003-2015 bassett furniture industries, inc. all rights reserved.website development by beacon technologies, inc. request a catalog| sign in | wish list | your store: falls church, va change an iframe capable browser is required to view this web site. an iframe capable browser is required to view this web site. | store locator cart (0) checkout attention: to view the full capabilities of our web site and to place an order, you must have javascript enabled on your browser. living fabric seating sofas sectionals accent chairs swivels & gliders recliners reclining sectionals sleeper sofas loveseats chair and a half chair ottomans leather seating sofas sectionals accent chairs swivels & gliders recliners reclining sofas reclining sectionals sleeper sofas loveseats chair and a half chair ottomans accent furniture cocktail ottomans storage ottomans coffee tables end tables sofa & console tables benches accent chests accent tables cabinets & storage credenzas & consoles entertainment centers bookcases open shelving accessories pillows area rugs lamps decorative mirrors wall decor & art wall sconces dining tables round tables rectangular tables square tables oval tables side chairs wood upholstered bar & counter stools benches arm chairs wood upholstered cabinets & storage china hutches & curio cabinets sideboards & servers credenzas & consoles open shelving accessories area rugs decorative mirrors wall decor & art wall sconces pendants & chandeliers bedroom beds wood beds upholstered beds upholstered headboards mattresses cases nightstands dressers chests & armoires mirrors fabric seating accent chairs swivels & gliders leather seating accent chairs swivels & gliders accent furniture benches accent chests accent tables accessories bedding pillows lamps decorative mirrors wall decor & art wall sconces storage & office cabinets & storage storage cabinets credenzas & consoles entertainment centers bookcases open shelving office office & computer desks office chairs home office storage hgtv home™ design studio hgtv home™ custom upholstery sofas sectionals beds ottomans & benches accent pillows design tools want design help? room planner build custom dining rooms we love living spaces dining bedrooms girl nurseries boy nurseries kids rooms baby & kids baby cribs chests changing tables & dressers gliders & rockers crib mattresses beds wood beds upholstered beds upholstered headboards mattresses cases nightstands dressers chests & armoires study & storage mirrors accessories crib bedding bedding pillows area rugs lamps decorative mirrors wall decor & art clearance view all bedroom dining living storage & office baby & kids quality customer service » privacy and terms of use