来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20201231234007/https://www.bassettfurniture.com/blog/
================================================================================

the bassett blog | bassett furniture skip to content top book a virtual appointment and receive a coupon for 30%* off one item + 25%* off storewide learn more pay over time. 12 month no interest financing available** learn more in it together: learn more about how we're staying safe open and close cart inspiration decorating diy inside look shop your store & login your store open or close store menu your store bassett home furnishings sterling 21315 windmill parc drive sterling, va, 20166, us mon - sat10am - 6pmsun12pm - 5pm (703) 444-7283 store details search all stores change location free design help meet with one of our local designers and get started on your next design project. book an appointment account open or close account menu account welcome sign in create an account virtual design appointment do you need your home to do more than ever? you can still meet one-on-one with a designer to create beautiful and intentional multipurpose spaces in your home. let's get bloggin' here at bassett blog you'll find design inspiration and so much more. see what we're talking about. all inspiration decorating diy inside look virtual design appointment with our homes serving more purposes than ever, our customers want ideas about creating multipurpose spaces elegantly and intentionally. luckily, our designers live for such challenges. read more color trends for interior design in 2020 the highly anticipated pantone color forecast 2020 is here, and it's a classic. read on for tips to bring interior color trends 2020 into your own home. read more master bedroom ideas uncover master bedroom designs with these tips from bassett furniture. learn to create a serene bedroom and learn what makes the perfect master bedroom. read more style your living room with accent chairs accent chair furniture makes the room! here we look at the types of accent chairs and share living room accent chair ideas to amplify your style. read more bedroom furniture ideas we help you turn your cluttered nightstand into the gem of your bedroom with easy decorating tips ­– and we tempt you with a few nightstands you’ll love! read more bedroom ideas here’s how to design a modern bedroom with trends that will elevate your next bedroom makeover. read more king-size bed dimensions a california king isn’t just a marketing term: it’s a different size than a regular king bed, and knowing the difference will make a big impact on your bed shopping. read more kitchenette design breakfast nooks host more than just breakfasts. learn to create a cozy space in your kitchen that your family will want to use all day long. read more decorating a rustic home learn what rustic furniture is, and how to incorporate rustic pieces into your home décor, whatever your style. read more what is contemporary style? don’t confuse contemporary with modern. we break down the characteristics of contemporary furniture and give you some shopping inspiration to help you begin shopping. read more what is traditional style? let’s define traditional furniture, traditional furniture definition, traditional furniture description, and traditional furniture meaning. read more what is modern furniture? modern and contemporary furniture aren’t the same thing. before you shop, learn what it is that makes furniture modern. read more decorating a guest room for your home elements needed for the perfect guest room during the holidays or any time of year. a few small touches go a long way toward making your guests feel at home. read more window treatment ideas for your home how to choose curtains for every room in your home: fabrics, patterns, colors, length, and design options. book an appointment with a bassett designer today. read more beach house decor beach style furniture brings beachy relaxation to your living room or getaway home. check out our beach themed furniture ideas to create the look. read more the best furniture brands for quality high quality furniture brands understand that the old way was the right way all along. quality craftsmanship and service have been bassett furniture’s hallmarks for more than a century. read more different types of furniture before you begin to shop for furniture, read this breakdown of the names and types of furniture you have to choose from. read more furniture for big & tall people our design professionals create custom furniture that offers you the comfort you deserve and the size you need, in quality pieces you’ll have for many years to come. read more queen bed dimensions don’t begin bed shopping until you learn which size is best for you and your space. here, we tell you queen bed dimensions, and how they differ from the other bed sizes. read more rug size for queen bed what rug size should you use with a queen bed? where should you place it? we’ve got ideas to help you plan the finishing touches of your ideal bedroom. read more typical desk height typical desk height affects the way your desk fits the room and how it fits you. find out more about standard desk height and how to make it fit your needs. read more wood furniture ever wonder about the difference between the most expensive wood furniture and something that looks like it? read on for the scoop on real wood furniture. read more coffee table decorating nothing freshens a room like new coffee table decor ideas from a pro. our stylist shares coffee table decorating ideas you'll want to try in your own home. read more modern foyer design ideas entry hall furniture defines your home. take a peek inside for a few simple entryway furniture ideas to update your space and create a welcoming new look. read more living room ideas ever wish you had some interior designer tips for your own home? then read on as two bassett designers share their favorite interior designer insider tips. read more spring room decor ideas when nature brings out its spring décor, it’s time to refresh the home too! read on for easy spring ideas to give any room a breath of fresh air. read more how to choose the perfect light fixtures for your home how to choose the right lighting for every room for the most productivity, comfort, appeal & style. plus task lighting, path lighting & ambient lighting. read more combining lighting part 2 how to combine lighting in any space for style, variety, interest, and function. learn how to mix and match mood lighting, add soft shadows, and more. read more interior design styles journey through art styles and examples, art styles throughout history, art movements and current art styles to better appreciate and understand various art forms. read more patio furniture ideas journey through art styles and examples, art styles throughout history, art movements and current art styles to better appreciate and understand various art forms. read more couch materials performance fabrics are not created equal. get to know performance fabric upholstery, performance fabric furniture, performance fabric examples and more. read more rug ideas there are many types of rugs on the market, but they can be classified by materials and by types of rug weaves. learn why rug construction matters, and use your knowledge of rug construction to select the pzerfect lasting rug for your space. read more color scheme tips for your home this quick guide to color theory will help you understand the difference between a color shade, color tint, hue, and tone. then use our tips — or the helping hand of a bassett interior designer —  to create the color scheme that makes you feel right at home. read more decorate a wall wondering how to hang art or a gallery wall without all of the fuss? three mistakes when hanging artwork and the big secret to getting it right the first time. read more 2019 pantone color of the year what colors will be decorating homes this spring? we offer advice on how to use the latest color trends in your home, based on pantone’s trending colors. read more standard size of a dining table finding the right dining table size and shape for your room is merely a matter of knowing the style of room you have, the dimensions of your room, and the number of people you’d like to serve. what to do about table leaves and extra seating when they’re not in use? follow along, we’re serving up the answers right here. read more decorating for bookcases and shelves to completely refresh your room, check out some bookcase makeover ideas and start arranging! our stylist offers some bookcase tips to get you started.to completely refresh your room, check out some bookcase makeover ideas and start arranging! our stylist offers some bookcase tips to get you started. read more top 10 products home decorating bloggers love interior design influencers pull back the curtains to let us in their homes. their 10 best home decor products look as good in real life as they do in a store. read more holiday color palette love decorating with holiday colors? how about developing a holiday color palette to last from year to year? or you may just want to keep them all year long! read more the difference between futons and sofa beds need a comfy place for guests? here’s what you need to know to choose between a futon and sleeper sofa, also known as a convertible sofa or sofa sleeper. read more small living room ideas dual purpose furniture, convertible furniture for small spaces and multifunctional furniture give new meaning to the term “smart home.” space-saving furniture and furniture that transforms into something else – like a standard height coffee table that lifts to become a desk, or a baby changing table that becomes a big kid dresser -- are perfect for stylish but small family homes and apartments. read more party entertainment ideas for guests having everyone over and having enough seating do not always go hand in hand; take our tips and turn to multi-functional pieces when you’re preparing to entertain. read more christmas party decorating the holidays are a great time for a dinner party at home. read on for our top choices to make your holidays feel special and your home party feel complete. read more fall room decor the fall color palette brings warmth and coziness to any room. if you’re drawn to a fall warm color palette, you may even be able to keep it around all year. read more setting a table for thanksgiving thanksgiving is time for gathering around the table. discover how to plan holiday seating, make the dining room the holiday focus & create holiday traditions. read more extra seating for the holidays - part 2 room planning can be simple when you look for inspired ways to add extra seating for the holidays. turning ottomans into seating, coffee table into tray tables, bench vs. chairs read more living room lighting ideas when choosing a lamp, it helps to factor in the design of the whole room, even if you are just thinking of a table lamp, floor lamp, or pendant lamp. a few simple design tricks can make choosing a lamp so much easier. read more family holiday traditions how to design great, cozy gathering spaces for creating holiday traditions. make special memories for your family this year with bassett heirloom furniture. read more buying furniture you don’t have to be a design expert to shop for furniture online, you just need to do your homework. here: a few important tips and tricks to get you started. read more design small spaces the need to decorate small studio apartment spaces requires even more planning than larger spaces do! that’s why bassett design consultants are happy to furnish studio apartment ideas to make your place sparkle. read on and learn how to decorate small studio apartment spaces with function and style. read more how to care for wood furniture how to care for wood furniture: keep your basset wood furniture looking as new as the first day you bought it. plus find out about our guardsman protection plan. read more standard furniture dimensions looking for the most standard furniture dimensions to help get your project started? we've got you covered. read more how to care for leather take care of leather to keep it looking its best. how to take care of leather couch, leather care, leather care tips, how to take care of leather – it’s all here. read more spare and bonus room ideas how to design a multi-purpose guest room as a versatile space to suit all of your changing needs. desk, seating, storage, organization, sleep solutions & more! read more how to clean your home fast when decluttering don't procrastinate. try to develop a strategy for your project, criteria for deciding what to get rid of, and a system for how to do it. read more sofa quality a quality couch should last 7 to 15 years. here are tips to help you invest in durable living room furniture that will maintain its beauty and comfort for years to come. read more living room furniture layouts for fireplace and tv deciding how to lay out a living room can be tricky, especially with a fireplace in the room. before you begin, we offer living room layout help for rooms of shapes and sizes. read more standard loveseat size from apartment-sized loveseats to loveseat sofas, get a quick lesson on loveseat widths. then, use our free room planner to find one to fit your space. read more sofa dimensions whether you like to sink back into a couch or sit upright with your feet on the floor, find a couch with the depth that fits your style. read more fall decorating ideas update for fall like you mean it – change out pillows, bring out the blanket throws, focus on cozy colors, and definitely dim those lights. read more christmas table decoration ideas room planning is a breeze when you discover creative ways to add extra seating for the holidays. find out about benches vs. chairs plus incorporate table leaves. read more interior light fixtures for your home when you’re considering home lighting ideas, a little background about layers of light is a good place to start. understanding light temperature also helps, too, regardless of whether you’re looking for kitchen lighting ideas, living room lighting ideas, or really any interior lighting ideas. read more office design creative home office ideas help make the most of your space. with flexible home office furniture, you can create a beautiful, lasting home office design that can adjust as your needs change. read on for ways to make your office furniture arrangement do double duty and function as much more than just a home office desk. read more 5 steps to redesigning a home facing a home design project and don’t know where to begin? we’ll help you break a big project down into a manageable step-by-step plan. read more room design learn the essentials of room design, and then use our interactive room planner to visualize how everything will come together. read more choosing baby nursery furniture searching for baby’s room ideas? bassett is happy to help with nursery design advice, decorating ideas and a checklist to help you get started. read more how to clean a fabric sofa take care of upholstery: here’s what you need to know to take care of upholstery, fabric cleaning codes, professional upholstery care and repair services, best way to clean upholstered sofas and other upholstered furniture yourself, ways to clean and protect furniture fabric, how to protect fabric sofas and more. read more tv placement tips deciding where to put a tv in the living room tv and how high to mount a tv takes a bit of figuring. these guidelines for the optimal tv viewing distance and how high to put tv on the wall will make our tv wall mounting project a snap! read more organize your desk for small spaces when your desk has limited storage space, any thought about how to organize your office desk brings big results in productivity. looking for ideas about how to organize your desk at home? use these desk organization ideas to make a small desk functional as well as pretty. read more how to organize a small closet get great — even surprising — ideas for small bedroom closet organization and learn how quality bassett furniture can keep what you can’t fit in your closet out of sight. the result? a private place you’ll celebrate every time you open the door. read more home decorating ideas with mirrors decorating with mirrors can be one of the easiest ways to inject style into your space, as you can see from our mirror decorating ideas. whether you need bathroom mirror ideas or bedroom mirror ideas, you’ve come to the right place! read on for creative mirror ideas to reflect your style. read more picking a color choosing paint color can be much easier if you have a home color palette. whether you’re looking for living room color ideas or simply picking out accent wall colors, creating a home color scheme ensures that furniture, wall colors, and accents all fit. having a color palette for home or room makes choosing design elements a snap. read more how to arrange an open floor plan don’t start furniture shopping until you learn these four essentials of an open floor plan design. read more how to soundproof a room to reduce unwanted noise, you can combine smart furniture placement with the best soundproofing materials in order to dampen echo-causing vibrations. read more working with an interior designer working with an interior designer is a quick, mistake-free way to get perfect pieces and stylish rooms. so how much do designers cost? usually thousands of dollars. at bassett, our interior design consultations are free, with our gracious compliments. read more leather furniture look here for leather furniture basics, including leather types, grades, and care. this bassett guide can help you understand how to buy leather furniture so you can enjoy this gift of nature for years to come. read more types of fabrics for couches how to determine the best upholstery fabrics for your home, based on fabric content and type. read more furniture styles not sure which furniture style you like? the bassett guide to traditional furniture styles and contemporary design can help you put a name to your favorites. you’ll know which designs and details to look for when you shop for furniture and accessories. read more how to choose the right rug size a quick rug size chart showing standard rug sizes and tips for how to choose a rug size for any room in a snap! read more buying a sectional understand how to design a sectional in 4 easy steps. learn about types of sectional configurations, room placement, and style options in this special sectional buying guide. read more types of sofas sofa or sectional? answer a few simple questions, and you can figure out whether sectional or sofa will give you the best fit for your room. read more table dimensions a quick review of standard table sizes and tips for how to navigate dining table sizes (and coffee tables too!) to find one that fits your lifestyle. read more small bedroom ideas small bedroom layout? relax! these 5 tips from bassett on how to set up your small-sized bedroom can help you create a space that looks bigger — not crowded — while feeling inviting and stylish. read more virtual design appointment with our homes serving more purposes than ever, our customers want ideas about creating multipurpose spaces elegantly and intentionally. luckily, our designers live for such challenges. read more color trends for interior design in 2020 the highly anticipated pantone color forecast 2020 is here, and it's a classic. read on for tips to bring interior color trends 2020 into your own home. read more master bedroom ideas uncover master bedroom designs with these tips from bassett furniture. learn to create a serene bedroom and learn what makes the perfect master bedroom. read more style your living room with accent chairs accent chair furniture makes the room! here we look at the types of accent chairs and share living room accent chair ideas to amplify your style. read more bedroom furniture ideas we help you turn your cluttered nightstand into the gem of your bedroom with easy decorating tips ­– and we tempt you with a few nightstands you’ll love! read more bedroom ideas here’s how to design a modern bedroom with trends that will elevate your next bedroom makeover. read more kitchenette design breakfast nooks host more than just breakfasts. learn to create a cozy space in your kitchen that your family will want to use all day long. read more decorating a rustic home learn what rustic furniture is, and how to incorporate rustic pieces into your home décor, whatever your style. read more what is contemporary style? don’t confuse contemporary with modern. we break down the characteristics of contemporary furniture and give you some shopping inspiration to help you begin shopping. read more what is traditional style? let’s define traditional furniture, traditional furniture definition, traditional furniture description, and traditional furniture meaning. read more what is modern furniture? modern and contemporary furniture aren’t the same thing. before you shop, learn what it is that makes furniture modern. read more decorating a guest room for your home elements needed for the perfect guest room during the holidays or any time of year. a few small touches go a long way toward making your guests feel at home. read more beach house decor beach style furniture brings beachy relaxation to your living room or getaway home. check out our beach themed furniture ideas to create the look. read more furniture for big & tall people our design professionals create custom furniture that offers you the comfort you deserve and the size you need, in quality pieces you’ll have for many years to come. read more coffee table decorating nothing freshens a room like new coffee table decor ideas from a pro. our stylist shares coffee table decorating ideas you'll want to try in your own home. read more modern foyer design ideas entry hall furniture defines your home. take a peek inside for a few simple entryway furniture ideas to update your space and create a welcoming new look. read more living room ideas ever wish you had some interior designer tips for your own home? then read on as two bassett designers share their favorite interior designer insider tips. read more interior design styles journey through art styles and examples, art styles throughout history, art movements and current art styles to better appreciate and understand various art forms. read more patio furniture ideas journey through art styles and examples, art styles throughout history, art movements and current art styles to better appreciate and understand various art forms. read more 2019 pantone color of the year what colors will be decorating homes this spring? we offer advice on how to use the latest color trends in your home, based on pantone’s trending colors. read more standard size of a dining table finding the right dining table size and shape for your room is merely a matter of knowing the style of room you have, the dimensions of your room, and the number of people you’d like to serve. what to do about table leaves and extra seating when they’re not in use? follow along, we’re serving up the answers right here. read more decorating for bookcases and shelves to completely refresh your room, check out some bookcase makeover ideas and start arranging! our stylist offers some bookcase tips to get you started.to completely refresh your room, check out some bookcase makeover ideas and start arranging! our stylist offers some bookcase tips to get you started. read more top 10 products home decorating bloggers love interior design influencers pull back the curtains to let us in their homes. their 10 best home decor products look as good in real life as they do in a store. read more holiday color palette love decorating with holiday colors? how about developing a holiday color palette to last from year to year? or you may just want to keep them all year long! read more small living room ideas dual purpose furniture, convertible furniture for small spaces and multifunctional furniture give new meaning to the term “smart home.” space-saving furniture and furniture that transforms into something else – like a standard height coffee table that lifts to become a desk, or a baby changing table that becomes a big kid dresser -- are perfect for stylish but small family homes and apartments. read more party entertainment ideas for guests having everyone over and having enough seating do not always go hand in hand; take our tips and turn to multi-functional pieces when you’re preparing to entertain. read more christmas party decorating the holidays are a great time for a dinner party at home. read on for our top choices to make your holidays feel special and your home party feel complete. read more fall room decor the fall color palette brings warmth and coziness to any room. if you’re drawn to a fall warm color palette, you may even be able to keep it around all year. read more setting a table for thanksgiving thanksgiving is time for gathering around the table. discover how to plan holiday seating, make the dining room the holiday focus & create holiday traditions. read more extra seating for the holidays - part 2 room planning can be simple when you look for inspired ways to add extra seating for the holidays. turning ottomans into seating, coffee table into tray tables, bench vs. chairs read more family holiday traditions how to design great, cozy gathering spaces for creating holiday traditions. make special memories for your family this year with bassett heirloom furniture. read more design small spaces the need to decorate small studio apartment spaces requires even more planning than larger spaces do! that’s why bassett design consultants are happy to furnish studio apartment ideas to make your place sparkle. read on and learn how to decorate small studio apartment spaces with function and style. read more spare and bonus room ideas how to design a multi-purpose guest room as a versatile space to suit all of your changing needs. desk, seating, storage, organization, sleep solutions & more! read more how to clean your home fast when decluttering don't procrastinate. try to develop a strategy for your project, criteria for deciding what to get rid of, and a system for how to do it. read more fall decorating ideas update for fall like you mean it – change out pillows, bring out the blanket throws, focus on cozy colors, and definitely dim those lights. read more office design creative home office ideas help make the most of your space. with flexible home office furniture, you can create a beautiful, lasting home office design that can adjust as your needs change. read on for ways to make your office furniture arrangement do double duty and function as much more than just a home office desk. read more choosing baby nursery furniture searching for baby’s room ideas? bassett is happy to help with nursery design advice, decorating ideas and a checklist to help you get started. read more furniture styles not sure which furniture style you like? the bassett guide to traditional furniture styles and contemporary design can help you put a name to your favorites. you’ll know which designs and details to look for when you shop for furniture and accessories. read more buying a sectional understand how to design a sectional in 4 easy steps. learn about types of sectional configurations, room placement, and style options in this special sectional buying guide. read more types of sofas sofa or sectional? answer a few simple questions, and you can figure out whether sectional or sofa will give you the best fit for your room. read more small bedroom ideas small bedroom layout? relax! these 5 tips from bassett on how to set up your small-sized bedroom can help you create a space that looks bigger — not crowded — while feeling inviting and stylish. read more virtual design appointment with our homes serving more purposes than ever, our customers want ideas about creating multipurpose spaces elegantly and intentionally. luckily, our designers live for such challenges. read more color trends for interior design in 2020 the highly anticipated pantone color forecast 2020 is here, and it's a classic. read on for tips to bring interior color trends 2020 into your own home. read more master bedroom ideas uncover master bedroom designs with these tips from bassett furniture. learn to create a serene bedroom and learn what makes the perfect master bedroom. read more style your living room with accent chairs accent chair furniture makes the room! here we look at the types of accent chairs and share living room accent chair ideas to amplify your style. read more bedroom furniture ideas we help you turn your cluttered nightstand into the gem of your bedroom with easy decorating tips ­– and we tempt you with a few nightstands you’ll love! read more bedroom ideas here’s how to design a modern bedroom with trends that will elevate your next bedroom makeover. read more kitchenette design breakfast nooks host more than just breakfasts. learn to create a cozy space in your kitchen that your family will want to use all day long. read more decorating a rustic home learn what rustic furniture is, and how to incorporate rustic pieces into your home décor, whatever your style. read more what is contemporary style? don’t confuse contemporary with modern. we break down the characteristics of contemporary furniture and give you some shopping inspiration to help you begin shopping. read more what is traditional style? let’s define traditional furniture, traditional furniture definition, traditional furniture description, and traditional furniture meaning. read more what is modern furniture? modern and contemporary furniture aren’t the same thing. before you shop, learn what it is that makes furniture modern. read more decorating a guest room for your home elements needed for the perfect guest room during the holidays or any time of year. a few small touches go a long way toward making your guests feel at home. read more window treatment ideas for your home how to choose curtains for every room in your home: fabrics, patterns, colors, length, and design options. book an appointment with a bassett designer today. read more beach house decor beach style furniture brings beachy relaxation to your living room or getaway home. check out our beach themed furniture ideas to create the look. read more rug size for queen bed what rug size should you use with a queen bed? where should you place it? we’ve got ideas to help you plan the finishing touches of your ideal bedroom. read more coffee table decorating nothing freshens a room like new coffee table decor ideas from a pro. our stylist shares coffee table decorating ideas you'll want to try in your own home. read more modern foyer design ideas entry hall furniture defines your home. take a peek inside for a few simple entryway furniture ideas to update your space and create a welcoming new look. read more spring room decor ideas when nature brings out its spring décor, it’s time to refresh the home too! read on for easy spring ideas to give any room a breath of fresh air. read more interior design styles journey through art styles and examples, art styles throughout history, art movements and current art styles to better appreciate and understand various art forms. read more patio furniture ideas journey through art styles and examples, art styles throughout history, art movements and current art styles to better appreciate and understand various art forms. read more color scheme tips for your home this quick guide to color theory will help you understand the difference between a color shade, color tint, hue, and tone. then use our tips — or the helping hand of a bassett interior designer —  to create the color scheme that makes you feel right at home. read more decorate a wall wondering how to hang art or a gallery wall without all of the fuss? three mistakes when hanging artwork and the big secret to getting it right the first time. read more 2019 pantone color of the year what colors will be decorating homes this spring? we offer advice on how to use the latest color trends in your home, based on pantone’s trending colors. read more standard size of a dining table finding the right dining table size and shape for your room is merely a matter of knowing the style of room you have, the dimensions of your room, and the number of people you’d like to serve. what to do about table leaves and extra seating when they’re not in use? follow along, we’re serving up the answers right here. read more decorating for bookcases and shelves to completely refresh your room, check out some bookcase makeover ideas and start arranging! our stylist offers some bookcase tips to get you started.to completely refresh your room, check out some bookcase makeover ideas and start arranging! our stylist offers some bookcase tips to get you started. read more top 10 products home decorating bloggers love interior design influencers pull back the curtains to let us in their homes. their 10 best home decor products look as good in real life as they do in a store. read more small living room ideas dual purpose furniture, convertible furniture for small spaces and multifunctional furniture give new meaning to the term “smart home.” space-saving furniture and furniture that transforms into something else – like a standard height coffee table that lifts to become a desk, or a baby changing table that becomes a big kid dresser -- are perfect for stylish but small family homes and apartments. read more fall room decor the fall color palette brings warmth and coziness to any room. if you’re drawn to a fall warm color palette, you may even be able to keep it around all year. read more living room lighting ideas when choosing a lamp, it helps to factor in the design of the whole room, even if you are just thinking of a table lamp, floor lamp, or pendant lamp. a few simple design tricks can make choosing a lamp so much easier. read more design small spaces the need to decorate small studio apartment spaces requires even more planning than larger spaces do! that’s why bassett design consultants are happy to furnish studio apartment ideas to make your place sparkle. read on and learn how to decorate small studio apartment spaces with function and style. read more spare and bonus room ideas how to design a multi-purpose guest room as a versatile space to suit all of your changing needs. desk, seating, storage, organization, sleep solutions & more! read more living room furniture layouts for fireplace and tv deciding how to lay out a living room can be tricky, especially with a fireplace in the room. before you begin, we offer living room layout help for rooms of shapes and sizes. read more fall decorating ideas update for fall like you mean it – change out pillows, bring out the blanket throws, focus on cozy colors, and definitely dim those lights. read more interior light fixtures for your home when you’re considering home lighting ideas, a little background about layers of light is a good place to start. understanding light temperature also helps, too, regardless of whether you’re looking for kitchen lighting ideas, living room lighting ideas, or really any interior lighting ideas. read more office design creative home office ideas help make the most of your space. with flexible home office furniture, you can create a beautiful, lasting home office design that can adjust as your needs change. read on for ways to make your office furniture arrangement do double duty and function as much more than just a home office desk. read more choosing baby nursery furniture searching for baby’s room ideas? bassett is happy to help with nursery design advice, decorating ideas and a checklist to help you get started. read more tv placement tips deciding where to put a tv in the living room tv and how high to mount a tv takes a bit of figuring. these guidelines for the optimal tv viewing distance and how high to put tv on the wall will make our tv wall mounting project a snap! read more organize your desk for small spaces when your desk has limited storage space, any thought about how to organize your office desk brings big results in productivity. looking for ideas about how to organize your desk at home? use these desk organization ideas to make a small desk functional as well as pretty. read more home decorating ideas with mirrors decorating with mirrors can be one of the easiest ways to inject style into your space, as you can see from our mirror decorating ideas. whether you need bathroom mirror ideas or bedroom mirror ideas, you’ve come to the right place! read on for creative mirror ideas to reflect your style. read more picking a color choosing paint color can be much easier if you have a home color palette. whether you’re looking for living room color ideas or simply picking out accent wall colors, creating a home color scheme ensures that furniture, wall colors, and accents all fit. having a color palette for home or room makes choosing design elements a snap. read more how to arrange an open floor plan don’t start furniture shopping until you learn these four essentials of an open floor plan design. read more how to soundproof a room to reduce unwanted noise, you can combine smart furniture placement with the best soundproofing materials in order to dampen echo-causing vibrations. read more working with an interior designer working with an interior designer is a quick, mistake-free way to get perfect pieces and stylish rooms. so how much do designers cost? usually thousands of dollars. at bassett, our interior design consultations are free, with our gracious compliments. read more furniture styles not sure which furniture style you like? the bassett guide to traditional furniture styles and contemporary design can help you put a name to your favorites. you’ll know which designs and details to look for when you shop for furniture and accessories. read more how to choose the right rug size a quick rug size chart showing standard rug sizes and tips for how to choose a rug size for any room in a snap! read more buying a sectional understand how to design a sectional in 4 easy steps. learn about types of sectional configurations, room placement, and style options in this special sectional buying guide. read more types of sofas sofa or sectional? answer a few simple questions, and you can figure out whether sectional or sofa will give you the best fit for your room. read more table dimensions a quick review of standard table sizes and tips for how to navigate dining table sizes (and coffee tables too!) to find one that fits your lifestyle. read more small bedroom ideas small bedroom layout? relax! these 5 tips from bassett on how to set up your small-sized bedroom can help you create a space that looks bigger — not crowded — while feeling inviting and stylish. read more master bedroom ideas uncover master bedroom designs with these tips from bassett furniture. learn to create a serene bedroom and learn what makes the perfect master bedroom. read more style your living room with accent chairs accent chair furniture makes the room! here we look at the types of accent chairs and share living room accent chair ideas to amplify your style. read more decorate a wall wondering how to hang art or a gallery wall without all of the fuss? three mistakes when hanging artwork and the big secret to getting it right the first time. read more how to organize a small closet get great — even surprising — ideas for small bedroom closet organization and learn how quality bassett furniture can keep what you can’t fit in your closet out of sight. the result? a private place you’ll celebrate every time you open the door. read more virtual design appointment with our homes serving more purposes than ever, our customers want ideas about creating multipurpose spaces elegantly and intentionally. luckily, our designers live for such challenges. read more color trends for interior design in 2020 the highly anticipated pantone color forecast 2020 is here, and it's a classic. read on for tips to bring interior color trends 2020 into your own home. read more king-size bed dimensions a california king isn’t just a marketing term: it’s a different size than a regular king bed, and knowing the difference will make a big impact on your bed shopping. read more window treatment ideas for your home how to choose curtains for every room in your home: fabrics, patterns, colors, length, and design options. book an appointment with a bassett designer today. read more the best furniture brands for quality high quality furniture brands understand that the old way was the right way all along. quality craftsmanship and service have been bassett furniture’s hallmarks for more than a century. read more different types of furniture before you begin to shop for furniture, read this breakdown of the names and types of furniture you have to choose from. read more queen bed dimensions don’t begin bed shopping until you learn which size is best for you and your space. here, we tell you queen bed dimensions, and how they differ from the other bed sizes. read more rug size for queen bed what rug size should you use with a queen bed? where should you place it? we’ve got ideas to help you plan the finishing touches of your ideal bedroom. read more typical desk height typical desk height affects the way your desk fits the room and how it fits you. find out more about standard desk height and how to make it fit your needs. read more wood furniture ever wonder about the difference between the most expensive wood furniture and something that looks like it? read on for the scoop on real wood furniture. read more living room ideas ever wish you had some interior designer tips for your own home? then read on as two bassett designers share their favorite interior designer insider tips. read more how to choose the perfect light fixtures for your home how to choose the right lighting for every room for the most productivity, comfort, appeal & style. plus task lighting, path lighting & ambient lighting. read more combining lighting part 2 how to combine lighting in any space for style, variety, interest, and function. learn how to mix and match mood lighting, add soft shadows, and more. read more interior design styles journey through art styles and examples, art styles throughout history, art movements and current art styles to better appreciate and understand various art forms. read more couch materials performance fabrics are not created equal. get to know performance fabric upholstery, performance fabric furniture, performance fabric examples and more. read more rug ideas there are many types of rugs on the market, but they can be classified by materials and by types of rug weaves. learn why rug construction matters, and use your knowledge of rug construction to select the pzerfect lasting rug for your space. read more decorating for bookcases and shelves to completely refresh your room, check out some bookcase makeover ideas and start arranging! our stylist offers some bookcase tips to get you started.to completely refresh your room, check out some bookcase makeover ideas and start arranging! our stylist offers some bookcase tips to get you started. read more top 10 products home decorating bloggers love interior design influencers pull back the curtains to let us in their homes. their 10 best home decor products look as good in real life as they do in a store. read more the difference between futons and sofa beds need a comfy place for guests? here’s what you need to know to choose between a futon and sleeper sofa, also known as a convertible sofa or sofa sleeper. read more small living room ideas dual purpose furniture, convertible furniture for small spaces and multifunctional furniture give new meaning to the term “smart home.” space-saving furniture and furniture that transforms into something else – like a standard height coffee table that lifts to become a desk, or a baby changing table that becomes a big kid dresser -- are perfect for stylish but small family homes and apartments. read more extra seating for the holidays - part 2 room planning can be simple when you look for inspired ways to add extra seating for the holidays. turning ottomans into seating, coffee table into tray tables, bench vs. chairs read more living room lighting ideas when choosing a lamp, it helps to factor in the design of the whole room, even if you are just thinking of a table lamp, floor lamp, or pendant lamp. a few simple design tricks can make choosing a lamp so much easier. read more buying furniture you don’t have to be a design expert to shop for furniture online, you just need to do your homework. here: a few important tips and tricks to get you started. read more how to care for wood furniture how to care for wood furniture: keep your basset wood furniture looking as new as the first day you bought it. plus find out about our guardsman protection plan. read more standard furniture dimensions looking for the most standard furniture dimensions to help get your project started? we've got you covered. read more how to care for leather take care of leather to keep it looking its best. how to take care of leather couch, leather care, leather care tips, how to take care of leather – it’s all here. read more sofa quality a quality couch should last 7 to 15 years. here are tips to help you invest in durable living room furniture that will maintain its beauty and comfort for years to come. read more standard loveseat size from apartment-sized loveseats to loveseat sofas, get a quick lesson on loveseat widths. then, use our free room planner to find one to fit your space. read more sofa dimensions whether you like to sink back into a couch or sit upright with your feet on the floor, find a couch with the depth that fits your style. read more christmas table decoration ideas room planning is a breeze when you discover creative ways to add extra seating for the holidays. find out about benches vs. chairs plus incorporate table leaves. read more 5 steps to redesigning a home facing a home design project and don’t know where to begin? we’ll help you break a big project down into a manageable step-by-step plan. read more room design learn the essentials of room design, and then use our interactive room planner to visualize how everything will come together. read more how to clean a fabric sofa take care of upholstery: here’s what you need to know to take care of upholstery, fabric cleaning codes, professional upholstery care and repair services, best way to clean upholstered sofas and other upholstered furniture yourself, ways to clean and protect furniture fabric, how to protect fabric sofas and more. read more how to soundproof a room to reduce unwanted noise, you can combine smart furniture placement with the best soundproofing materials in order to dampen echo-causing vibrations. read more working with an interior designer working with an interior designer is a quick, mistake-free way to get perfect pieces and stylish rooms. so how much do designers cost? usually thousands of dollars. at bassett, our interior design consultations are free, with our gracious compliments. read more leather furniture look here for leather furniture basics, including leather types, grades, and care. this bassett guide can help you understand how to buy leather furniture so you can enjoy this gift of nature for years to come. read more types of fabrics for couches how to determine the best upholstery fabrics for your home, based on fabric content and type. read more furniture styles not sure which furniture style you like? the bassett guide to traditional furniture styles and contemporary design can help you put a name to your favorites. you’ll know which designs and details to look for when you shop for furniture and accessories. read more how to choose the right rug size a quick rug size chart showing standard rug sizes and tips for how to choose a rug size for any room in a snap! read more buying a sectional understand how to design a sectional in 4 easy steps. learn about types of sectional configurations, room placement, and style options in this special sectional buying guide. read more types of sofas sofa or sectional? answer a few simple questions, and you can figure out whether sectional or sofa will give you the best fit for your room. read more table dimensions a quick review of standard table sizes and tips for how to navigate dining table sizes (and coffee tables too!) to find one that fits your lifestyle. read more sign up for a catalog looking for design ideas & a little inspiration?get a free in-home catalog. back to top about us vision & values store reviews careers investors our community impact environmental initiatives military & first responders discount resources upholstery warranty wood warranty catalog product registration product safety bassett community customer service shipping & delivery return policy preference center bassett credit card online terms privacy accessibility faqs contact us safety in store and in home store locator store locator to the trade dealer site club level by bassett to the trade dealer site club level by bassett be the first to know about new arrivals & special offers footer newsletter invitation footer sign up for newsletter submit facebook pinterest houzz youtube instagram twitter linkedin * click here for sale details. if you don't have adobe® reader® get it here: get adobe® reader® copyright © 2003-2021 bassett furniture industries. all rights reserved. website development by beacon technologies get insider info on new arrivals, big events & special offers. slide up newsletter invitation pop-up newsletter sign up submit new stores in your neighborhood greensboro, nc, 4501 landover drive - now open interested in working with us? search openings enter for your chance to win a $10,000 bassett shopping spree enter now