来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20241231201914/https://www.bassettfurniture.com/customer-service-faq.html
================================================================================

customer service faq's skip to main content skip to footer content save 25%* on furniture new limited time markdowns enter our annual $10k giveaway refresh now, pay later with affirm previous next design services get inspired materials workroom new arrivals room planner small space living blog catalog order swatches living living room collections in stock, ready to ship new in living order swatches seating sectionals sofas chairs ottomans & benches leather motion tables & cabinets occasional & accent tables credenzas & media consoles office & storage foyer & entryway shop all dining dining room collections in stock, ready to ship new in dining order swatches tables chairs & benches bar & counter stools storage & sideboards decor knobs & pulls performance rugs shop all bedroom bedroom collections in stock, ready to ship new in bedroom order swatches beds dressers & chests nightstands & bedside tables benches & ottomans benchmade mattresses & bases decor knobs & pulls shop all bedding sheets & pillowcases shams covers & throws duvet covers comforter & pillow inserts pillows quilts & coverlets shop all home decor in stock, ready to ship new in home decor lighting wall decor mirrors accent pillows throws cabinet hardware cutting boards shop all rugs outdoor dining living occasional & accent furniture outdoor rugs shop all sale special buys clearance new design services get inspired materials workroom new arrivals room planner small space living blog catalog order swatches log in my account wishlist wishlist new age recall information popular searches sofas outdoor living dining tables jacksonville bassett home furnishings find your store we are proud to have a strong network of bassett stores and retail partners across the country. whenever possible, we pass on the delivery and care of your website order to those local stores and partners. bassett home furnishings select your store your zip code is outside of our delivery area see all stores below for our nearest location, or contact customer service for more information partner store woodchucks furniture 12575 san jose blvd jacksonville fl 32223 (904) 880-0090 monday 10:00 am - 6:00 pm tuesday 10:00 am - 6:00 pm wednesday 10:00 am - 6:00 pm thursday 10:00 am - 8:00 pm friday 10:00 am - 8:00 pm saturday 10:00 am - 8:00 pm sunday closed store details change location enter your zip code zip code enter a valid zipcode locate free design help meet with one of our local designers and get started on your next design project. appointment options available see all stores welcome create account sign in order status favorites find a store bassett home furnishings find your store we are proud to have a strong network of bassett stores and retail partners across the country. whenever possible, we pass on the delivery and care of your website order to those local stores and partners. bassett home furnishings select your store your zip code is outside of our delivery area see all stores below for our nearest location, or contact customer service for more information partner store woodchucks furniture 12575 san jose blvd jacksonville fl 32223 (904) 880-0090 monday 10:00 am - 6:00 pm tuesday 10:00 am - 6:00 pm wednesday 10:00 am - 6:00 pm thursday 10:00 am - 8:00 pm friday 10:00 am - 8:00 pm saturday 10:00 am - 8:00 pm sunday closed store details change location enter your zip code zip code enter a valid zipcode locate free design help meet with one of our local designers and get started on your next design project. appointment options available see all stores 0 popular searches sofas outdoor living dining tables faqs read some of our customers' frequently asked questions below. products i need additional measurements for your pieces. where can i find those? your local bassett design consultant or customer care specialist will be able to give you additional measurements that may not be listed on our site. are all of your pieces made in america? bassett is one of the few american manufacturers who have maintained a domestic production presence with factories in virginia and north carolina.  our benchmade wood lines are made right here in bassett, va and all of our upholstery is made in our newton, n.c. factory, from both domestic and imported components. in an effort to meet the needs of all of our customers, we are proud to be able to offer a wide range of products, both domestically produced and imported.   regardless of manufacturing location, bassett is involved in designing and specifying detailed product requirements for all pieces.   we maintain employees in international plants to oversee production and ensure bassett quality and all of our products meet u.s. safety standards, as well as compliance standards for california (typically the strictest standards in the u.s.). see more about the quality and care put into all of our pieces here.   for more information on specific items, please contact your local store or customer care specialist. will i be able to find all of the products shown on your website in one of your bassett stores? our stores vary in size and not all stores will have every piece on display. our bassett home furnishings stores feature our top selling items, and usually have representative pieces of each wood furniture collection so that you can see and touch the finish first-hand. select items are only displayed online, and will be noted as such on our website. clearance items shown on our website may not be displayed in our stores. please feel free to contact the store you intend to visit to ask if the item of interest is displayed there. if not, the store may be able to direct you to another bassett store or retail partner where the item may be viewed. are the online prices the same as the prices in the store? our bassett home furnishings stores, bassett design center galleries and retail partners will honor pricing posted on the website, with the exception of our periodic flash sale pricing, which is available online only. sometimes promotions or reduced pricing on clearance items or floor models may be available in stores and not available online. can i purchase all of your products online? the majority of our products can be purchased online. items that are shown but not available for sale online will be identified as such on the item description page. additionally, some items you see on the website may have more options available than are offered for online purchase. please contact your local store or customer care specialist for details. where is the model number located? the model number for wood products may be affixed to the back of the product or underneath tables and chairs. the model number for sofa upholstery products are located underneath the seat cushion. the model number for a recliner is located under the footrest. please use these model numbers to identify your products whenever you are communicating with either bassett or our retailers. where can i buy bassett products? please utilize our store locator service on our site to find the authorized bassett store nearest you. how do i clean my furniture? please reach out to your local store or our customer care department for more information on how to best clean your furniture. please use our dealer locator to find your nearest store or contact customer care at 833-498-6383. how do i care for my cast + forge hardware? cast + forge hardware is currently sold in select retail locations.  each piece is meticulously cast in solid brass with hand-applied finishes to ensure its beauty for years. care instructions: solid brass (with applied finishes): clean with a slightly damp soft cloth and mild soap. once cleaned, wipe with a clean damp cloth and dry thoroughly. please use non-abrasive, lint-free, or microfiber cloth that will not scratch the surface. please note the burnished brass finish is a "living" finish and is intended to have some patina over time. lucite: clean with a slightly damp cloth and mild soapy water. leather: clean leather with a soft brush or cloth. it is best to use a damp cloth or cleaning products specifically designed for leather instead of household cleaners. do you have instructions on assembling furniture? assembly instructions are always included with the furniture. it is very important that these instructions be followed completely to ensure safety as well as the care of the item. please contact consumer affairs or your dealer for further assistance if you should need it. can i purchase extra protection for my furniture? yes! bassett home furnishings stores are proud to offer the industry’s leading furniture protection program. the guardian signature plus protection plan offers to clean and repair all stains and damage covered by the plan for 5 years from your date of purchase, giving you confidence and peace of mind. authorized bassett retailers may offer the guardian plan or a similar protection plan. what’s the difference between wood and solid hardwood? “wood” refers to a variety of lumber and wood products used in furniture making, including fancy veneers. veneers are often used on large flat surfaces such as dining tabletops, and door fronts, and are prized for the unique way they reflect light. “solid hardwood” refers to bassett’s 100% american benchmade collection. the american maple and oak timber is cut and milled in the appalachian region and shipped to our bassett, va., factory where it is shaped and finished. do i need a foundation for my bed or headboard? we know that shopping for the perfect bed can be overwhelming with so many factors to consider. we’re here to help with that process! we know that shopping for the perfect bed can be overwhelming with so many factors to consider. we’re here to help with that process! when choosing a bed or headboard you should consider the distance between the base of the headboard to the floor compared to the total of your frame, foundation, and mattress height. you want to avoid having a gap between the bottom of the headboard panel and the top of the mattress. many beds are designed for use with traditional box springs, 5” to 9” high. when choosing a lower foundation or using an adjustable base without a box spring, it will be important to calculate the overall height. still not feeling confident in your decision? book an appointment or just stop in to chat with one of our many design professionals. orders, delivery, and returns does bassett accept major credit cards? bassett does accept credit cards. for the best financing options at bassett home furnishings stores, apply for a bassett credit card. what is the status of my order? after placing your order, you will receive order status emails along the way! to learn more about shipping and delivery timelines learn more here. how can i order repair parts? for fastest service, contact the store where you purchased your bassett products. they will have a record of your purchase. in some cases, parts may be ordered directly from consumer affairs. if you need additional assistance, please contact customer service. how does bassett deliver? our delivery is a white-glove service - it includes the preparation, delivery and assembly* of your pieces in your home, as well as packaging removal. the amount of the delivery fee will depend on the distance from our closest store or warehouse to your home. alternatively, some of our smaller items such as lamps and accessories, will ship directly to your home via fed ex or ups.  this fee will range depending on the amount of the order. see our delivery page for full shipping details. how do i determine what my delivery fee will be? your zip code and merchandise total will determine your delivery fee and displays in your cart. this fee will include all pieces in each transaction and include our white glove delivery service. should you need to change your delivery zip code, this can be done in cart. how soon must i schedule delivery? we strive to schedule deliveries around your needs, which may extend the total time to deliver. bassett will hold your order in the local distribution center for 30 days. after 30 days, your order must be paid in full. if your order is held in a bassett distribution center for 60 days or more, a service fee of 2% of your order total (excluding tax and delivery) will be charged monthly until your order is scheduled for delivery. service fees must be paid monthly. all service fees must be paid prior to scheduling delivery. all orders with no communication from the customer will be canceled after holding the order for 6 months after receiving the merchandise in our local distribution center. a 15% restocking fee plus all service fees will be applied to the order upon cancellation. contact your local store for details. am i able to pick up my order in store to avoid the delivery fee? some of our stores are able to hold your items for a short amount of time for you to pick up. if your pieces are eligible for in-store pick-up, you’ll be given the option when you view your cart.  keep in mind that store staff will not be able to assemble or load furniture into your vehicle. what is the status of my order? after placing your order, you will receive order status emails along the way! to learn more about shipping and delivery timelines learn more here. will the delivery team be able to remove my old furniture? our delivery teams will not be able to move or remove any existing furniture. to ensure a successful delivery, we do ask that you have your space prepared to receive your new pieces. do i have to create an account to purchase? yes. we hold our customers’ information in the highest confidence. creating an account helps us to ensure that your order and order information are available to you and you alone. am i able to make changes to my order? because we understand that furniture purchases are a big decision, we do have a 24-hour hold period after you place your order online, should there be a need to change your order.  please contact the store listed on your order to make any additional changes. please note, any clearance or flash sale items are final sale and are not eligible for cancellation, 24 hour hold, or return after order has been placed. please also note that this is a general policy and your state may have a different hold period than is listed above – contact your local store for details. am i able to submit a deposit or down payment or place an order on layaway? any bassett order placed online requires payment in full at the time of order.  your local bassett store or retailer may offer the option to submit a deposit when your order is placed and collect balance before delivery is scheduled - please contact your local store for details.  please keep in mind that we do offer the bassett credit card and occasionally offer promotions with special financing with credit approval. what is your return / cancellation policy? we want you to love your furniture!  to prevent errors or concerns about design, color or measurement, we recommend our complimentary design service through our bassett home furnishings locations. custom furniture: because we’re making pieces to meet your specific needs, we are not able to cancel custom orders or take returns. non-custom furniture + rugs: returns of these items will have a restocking fee. stocked non-furniture items - we accept returns for non-furniture items within 30 days, with proof of purchase. finish samples: undamaged finish samples may be returned to bassett for a full refund within 90 days of purchase.  finishes must be returned in the original packaging.  returns for finishes can be started here. cast + forge hardware: hardware may be returned for a full refund within 30 days from the date of purchase. hardware must be returned with screws in the original packaging.  hardware returns can be started here. please note, any clearance or flash sale items are final sale and are not eligible for cancellation, 24 hour hold, or return after order has been placed. please see our cancellation and return policy for details. am i able to purchase items outside of the continental us? yes! we do have authorized retailers who offer select bassett product outside of the continental united states.  while we do not offer sale outside of the continental united states on our website, you may contact these businesses directly for pricing and availability – please see our store locator for available retailers. trade sales i’m a licensed interior designer. does bassett have an incentive program for me? yes!  we're on a mission to help you grow your business. one customer, one room, one smile at a time.  our program is the perfect match for interior and architectural design professionals who have a passion for their craft.  please look for our designer incentive program for details and application. other questions i'm looking for a bassett store near me and i can't find one on your store locator. why? our retail network includes bassett home furnishings stores, bassett design center galleries and retail partners who carry a selection of bassett products. there may be independently owned and operated retailers in your area who have a very limited selection and are not featured in our online store locator. please contact us and we will be happy to help you find the nearest location. how can i obtain samples of fabrics? samples of fabrics shown on our upholstered items can be requested free of charge on our website by clicking on the small image of a fabric below an upholstered item.  our design consultants at your local bassett store can also request the fabric swatches for you, as well as help guide you to appropriate selections for your project. fabric swatches are usually received within 2 – 3 weeks of the request. what about my warranty? our local retailers handle the service and warranty work for our products. please contact your selling retailer should you have any problems with your products. we extend a one-year warranty for our decorative cabinet hardware. the warranty is limited to repair or replacement of the hardware itself and does not extend to ancillary charges such as site work or carpenter/handyman fees. where can i purchase bassett accessories? you can find these products at all bassett home furnishings stores. visit our store locator. how do i become a bassett dealer? to become a bassett dealer, please contact our consumer affairs department through this site for referral. they will notify your local sales representative who will contact you directly. how do i get replacement bassett drawer pulls and other decorative hardware? please contact hinges and handles, which is a locator service that will try to locate something that will fit in the holes already drilled in your furniture. you may email a picture to hingesandhandles@gmail.com or call 574-674-8878. how do i find discontinued product? bassett sends out a national "want list" weekly to our retailers. please supply your name, phone number and items you are looking for so that we may add your request to this list. if any bassett retailer has these items, they will contact you directly within 30 days. please contact us directly to use this service. do you offer gift cards? while we do not offer gift cards online or in our corporate stores at this time, we do offer a wish list on line, which is a great way to share favorite items with friends and family! i do not want to receive printed catalogs or emails from bassett any longer. can you please remove me from your lists? if you would no longer like to receive special offers from us in the mail, please visit the opt-out page and submit the form. if you no longer wish to receive email marketing messages from bassett, please go the “unsubscribe” link found at the bottom of every email we send. you can also select “manage preferences” and choose to limit the emails you’ll receive going forward. does bassett have financing available? yes!  our bassett credit card is issued with credit approval through synchrony bank. we are often able to offer promotional special financing for a limited number of months - please contact your local store or customer care specialist for promotional details.  the bassett credit card is accepted online for most delivery locations and in our bassett home furnishings stores, however, it is not accepted in the stores of our retail partners.  you can apply online or at your local bassett home furnishings store – please visit our online application to verify that you’re in an area where the card is accepted. get expert design help on your project...big or small design services our designers would love to help you craft a space you love and want to share. materials workroom see our fabrics, leathers and wood finishes. select your favorites for your next design. comfort story comfort is personal. we use generations of skill to build a style that fits you. blog visit our blog for insight into making the most of living in your space. be the first to know. new arrivals & special offers sent straight to your inbox. email email signup successful please provide a valid email about us our story careers investors community involvement environmental initiatives military & first responders discount resources upholstery warranty wood warranty catalog product safety bassett community blog new age recall information customer service shipping & delivery return & cancellation policy direct mail preferences bassett credit card affirm financing gift card faqs contact us store store locator view all stores member tools to the trade sales tools club level by bassett copyright © 2003-2024 bassett furniture industries. all rights reserved. online terms privacy accessiblity statement */ // -->