来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20241231201914/https://www.bassettfurniture.com/customer-service-privacy.html
================================================================================

privacy policy skip to main content skip to footer content save 25%* on furniture new limited time markdowns enter our annual $10k giveaway refresh now, pay later with affirm previous next design services get inspired materials workroom new arrivals room planner small space living blog catalog order swatches living living room collections in stock, ready to ship new in living order swatches seating sectionals sofas chairs ottomans & benches leather motion tables & cabinets occasional & accent tables credenzas & media consoles office & storage foyer & entryway shop all dining dining room collections in stock, ready to ship new in dining order swatches tables chairs & benches bar & counter stools storage & sideboards decor knobs & pulls performance rugs shop all bedroom bedroom collections in stock, ready to ship new in bedroom order swatches beds dressers & chests nightstands & bedside tables benches & ottomans benchmade mattresses & bases decor knobs & pulls shop all bedding sheets & pillowcases shams covers & throws duvet covers comforter & pillow inserts pillows quilts & coverlets shop all home decor in stock, ready to ship new in home decor lighting wall decor mirrors accent pillows throws cabinet hardware cutting boards shop all rugs outdoor dining living occasional & accent furniture outdoor rugs shop all sale special buys clearance new design services get inspired materials workroom new arrivals room planner small space living blog catalog order swatches log in my account wishlist wishlist new age recall information popular searches sofas outdoor living dining tables jacksonville bassett home furnishings find your store we are proud to have a strong network of bassett stores and retail partners across the country. whenever possible, we pass on the delivery and care of your website order to those local stores and partners. bassett home furnishings select your store your zip code is outside of our delivery area see all stores below for our nearest location, or contact customer service for more information partner store woodchucks furniture 12575 san jose blvd jacksonville fl 32223 (904) 880-0090 monday 10:00 am - 6:00 pm tuesday 10:00 am - 6:00 pm wednesday 10:00 am - 6:00 pm thursday 10:00 am - 8:00 pm friday 10:00 am - 8:00 pm saturday 10:00 am - 8:00 pm sunday closed store details change location enter your zip code zip code enter a valid zipcode locate free design help meet with one of our local designers and get started on your next design project. appointment options available see all stores welcome create account sign in order status favorites find a store bassett home furnishings find your store we are proud to have a strong network of bassett stores and retail partners across the country. whenever possible, we pass on the delivery and care of your website order to those local stores and partners. bassett home furnishings select your store your zip code is outside of our delivery area see all stores below for our nearest location, or contact customer service for more information partner store woodchucks furniture 12575 san jose blvd jacksonville fl 32223 (904) 880-0090 monday 10:00 am - 6:00 pm tuesday 10:00 am - 6:00 pm wednesday 10:00 am - 6:00 pm thursday 10:00 am - 8:00 pm friday 10:00 am - 8:00 pm saturday 10:00 am - 8:00 pm sunday closed store details change location enter your zip code zip code enter a valid zipcode locate free design help meet with one of our local designers and get started on your next design project. appointment options available see all stores 0 popular searches sofas outdoor living dining tables privacy policy welcome to https://www.bassettfurniture.com. our privacy policy outlines what information we collect from you, how we use your information and the choices that you have regarding our use of your information. please take a few minutes to review our privacy statement for this site. this statement of privacy applies only to the website of bassett furniture industries (bassett), located on the internet at www.bassettfurniture.com and governs data collection and usage. by using the bassett website, you consent to the data practices described in this statement. this privacy policy may be updated from time to time. please check back periodically for further updates and changes. the most updated version will be the one that is available on this website. postal address: bassett furniture industries p.o. box 626 bassett, va 24055 email address: support@bassettfurniture.com telephones:  276.629.6000 information we collect for each visitor to our website, our web server automatically recognizes a visitor’s domain name, ip address, browser type, access times and referring website addresses. we also collect and store any information provided to us via forms or emails, including information provided or collected during website chat communications initiated by a visitor to our website through the bassett website chat feature, which may be monitored or recorded, and information obtained from a visitor during this communication may also be stored for quality assurance or other purposes. types of information collected • contact information: your first and last name, postal address, email address, and phone number • other identifying information: ip address, passwords and other security information for authentication and access, social media usernames, and cookie identifiers • financial information: credit card, debit card and bank account information you've used in a transaction with us • demographic information: gender, age and salary • geolocation data: country, region, state, city and postal code • internet or other electronic activity: your browsing and click history, including information about how you navigate within our services and which elements of our services you use the most • commercial information: products purchased or viewed on our website • audio and visual information: your videos and photos that you've uploaded to our sites how collected information is used • transactional purposes: we use your contact information, financial information and commercial information to receive, process, confirm, send and track your order • communicate with you about your order • analytical purposes: we use your other identifying information, internet activity and browsing history, commercial information, demographic information, and geolocation data to analyze preferences, trends and statistics. • marketing and promotional purposes: we use your contact information, commercial information, demographic information, internet or other electronic activity, geolocation data, and inferences to: • inform you of our new products, services and offers • measure and optimize targeted and personalized advertising • run contests, promotions and sweepstakes • create profiles that reflect your preferences and characteristics to build a personalized experience • maintenance and improvement of services and website - we use your contact information, commercial information, and internet activity and browsing history to: • provide and maintain functionality on our website, including our live chat or customer review features • handle your customer services requests • help us diagnose technical and service problems and administer our stores and websites • review and content creation purposes - we use your contact information, commercial information, audio and visual information to display content that you have created and allowed us to display on our website and services and on social media and other advertising. • security and fraud prevention - we use your contact information, other identifying information, commercial information, financial information, geolocation data, internet activity and browsing history, and inferences to protect this website, our company, and others and to prevent fraud, theft and misconduct. occasionally we exchange our customer lists with other reputable companies. if you do not wish to receive mailings from these companies, or if you no longer wish to receive our catalogs, please send us your name and address as it appears on the mailing label on your catalog to the email or postal addresses above. please note that any requests to remove or update your personal information may take up to ten days for your email request and 6-8 weeks to process your postal mail request. with respect to cookies we use cookies to store visitors preferences, record session information, such as items that consumers add to their shopping cart, record user-specific information on what pages users access or visit, alert visitors to new areas that we think might be of interest to them when they return to our site, record past activity at a site in order to provide better service when visitors return to our site. cookies list cookie settings with respect to personal information if you supply us with your postal address on-line you may receive periodic mailings from us with information on new products and services or upcoming events. if you do not wish to receive such mailings, please let us know by calling us at the number provided above, e-mailing us at the above address, writing to us at the above address. if you do not want to receive e-mail from us in the future, please let us know by sending us e-mail at the above address, calling us at the above telephone number. exception: the consumer product safety improvement act of 2008 requires bassett and other manufacturers of durable infant or toddler products to keep records of consumers who register these types of products with us.  we will use the information provided to contact you only if there is a safety alert or recall for this product. we will not sell, rent, or share your personal information. from time to time, we may use customer information for new, unanticipated uses not previously disclosed in our privacy notice. if our information practices change at some time in the future, we will contact you before we use your data for these new purposes. customers may prevent their information from being used for purposes other than those for which it was originally collected by clicking here or contacting us via telephone. security of information bassett has the appropriate security measures in place in our physical facilities to protect against the loss, misuse or alteration of information that we have collected from you at our site.  we secure all personal information from unauthorized access, use or disclosure. bassett secures the personally identifiable information you provide on computer servers in a controlled, secure environment, protected from unauthorized access, use or disclosure. we urge you to keep any password that you establish with us in a safe place and not to divulge it to anyone. we also encourage you to use a unique or different password for our websites. also remember to log off your account and close your browser window when you have finished your visit. this is to ensure that others cannot access your account, especially if you are sharing a computer with someone else or are using a computer in a public place. protecting children we do not knowingly collect personal information from children under 13. if you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that any of your children has provided us with personal information without your consent, please contact us and we will take steps to remove that information from our servers. links to third party web sites our web sites may contain links to web sites operated and maintained by third parties, over which we have no control. privacy policies on such linked web sites may be different from our privacy policy. you access such linked web sites at your own risk. you should always read the privacy policy of a linked web site before disclosing any of your information on such web site. if you feel that this site is not following its stated information policy, you may contact us at the above addresses or phone number. california customer privacy rights if you are a california resident, you have certain privacy rights under the california consumer privacy act ("ccpa rights"). this section describes those rights and how you can exercise them with bassett furniture industries. ccpa rights requests right to know and right to deletion you can request what personal information we have collected, used, disclosed, and sold in the preceding 12 months free of charge, and why we collected, used, shared, disclosed, or sold that information. specifically, you may request: you can also request that we correct inaccurate information about you. •the categories of personal information collected •specific pieces of personal information collected •the categories of sources from which the business collected personal information •the purposes for which the business uses the personal information •the categories of third parties with whom the business shares the personal information •the categories of information that the business sells or discloses to third parties you can also request that we limit our use of your sensitive personal information (for example, your social security number, financial account information, your precise geolocation data, or your genetic data) for limited purposes, such as providing you with the services you requested. you can also request that we delete your personal information. we may not delete all your personal information if one of the following exceptions applies: • transactional: to complete a transaction for which the personal information was collected, provide a good or service requested by you, or perform a contract we have with you • security: to detect data security incidents • error correction: to debug or repair any errors • legal: to protect against fraud or illegal activity or to comply with applicable law or a legal obligation, or exercise rights under the law, such as the right to free speech • internal use: to use your personal information, internally, in a lawful manner that is compatible with the context in which you provided the information (i.e. to improve our services) please note that if we delete your personal information, many of our services will not work the same. some examples include, but are not limited to: • returns: we will not have the ability to look up your receipt or order in our system. in order to process a return or refund, we will require proof of purchase from the customer and if the customer is unable to provide proof of purchase, the transaction will be treated as an unreceipted return in accordance with our return policy. • customer service: our ability to handle customer service requests may be limited. we will not have the ability to look up prior orders or account information and may request proof of purchase in order to service your needs. • online account & shopping: your online account will no longer exist. your shopping cart items, order history, saved addresses, saved recipes and any other saved preferences in your online account will no longer be available. • recalls: we will no longer be able to contact you via email, regular mail, or phone about product recalls related to products you purchased, unless you provided your information to us by returning a product registration card attached to a durable infant product. • marketing communications: we will no longer be able to provide you with any marketing communications directly from bassett furniture industries, including personalized marketing communication such as information about new products, services and offers tailored to your interests. • opt outs: previous opt-out requests will not be saved. to submit a request to know or a request to delete, please contact us via phone at 1-833-365-0366 or via email at ccpa@bassettfurniture.com. in order to verify your identity, you will need to provide the following information: name, phone number, email address, and mailing address. we will match this information to the information on our systems. for an online request to delete, we will also send you a second verification to confirm that you want your information to be deleted. in order to designate an authorized agent to act on your behalf, you must provide the authorized agent with written permission to do so, and your authorized agent must submit that written proof at the time they make the request on your behalf.  if you make multiple requests under this section, we recommend sending the deletion request last, as we will not be able to fulfill your other requests once we have deleted your information. non-discrimination we will not discriminate against you for exercising any of your ccpa rights and we will not deny you goods or services, charge you a different price, or provide you with a lesser quality of goods or services if you exercise any of your ccpa rights. financial incentives we offer various financial incentives. the terms of the financial incentive will be presented to you at the time you sign up. you may withdraw from any of the financial incentives by contacting us at 1-833-365-0366 or support@bassettfurniture.com.  the value of your data is the value of the offer presented to you. we have calculated the value of the incentive by using the expense related to the offer. international customer privacy our digital operations are conducted, in whole or in part, in the united states. regardless of where you live, you consent to have your personal data transferred, processed, and stored in the united states, and allow bassett furniture industries to use and collect your personal information in accordance with this privacy policy. terms of use welcome to https://www.bassettfurniture.com/. please take a few minutes to review the following terms of use of our site. your use of our site constitutes your agreement to follow these terms of use and to be bound by them. inaccuracy disclaimer from time to time there may be information on our web site or in our catalog that contains typographical errors, inaccuracies, or omissions that may relate to product descriptions, pricing, and availability. bassett reserves the right to correct any errors, inaccuracies, or omissions and to update information at any time without prior notice. pricing on our site bassett is dedicated to providing quality products at a competitive value. pricing of products offered on this web site are bassett furniture’s suggested price, are valid only in the continental united states, and may vary in stores due to promotions, events, and or product merchandising. pricing in the store will supersede pricing on the website. these terms and conditions may change bassett furniture reserves the right to update or modify these terms and conditions at any time without prior notice. your use of our website following any such change constitutes your agreement to follow and be bound by the terms and conditions as changed. disclaimer this website (https://www.bassettfurniture.com/) and all content available on this website are provided on an "as is" basis without warranties of any kind, either express or implied, including without limitation warranties of title or implied warranties of merchantability or fitness for a particular purpose. you acknowledge, by your use of this website, that your use of this website is at your sole risk, that you assume full responsibility for all costs associated with all necessary servicing or repairs of any equipment you use in connection with your use of this website, and that bassett furniture industries shall not be liable for any damages of any kind related to your use of this website. copyright notice all of the content you see on this website, including, for example, all of the page headers, images, illustrations, graphics, audio clips, video clips, and text, are subject to trademark, service mark, trade dress, copyright and/or other intellectual property rights or licenses held by bassett furniture, one of our affiliates or by third parties who have licensed their materials to bassett furniture. the entire content of this site is copyrighted as a collective work under u.s. copyright laws. the site is intended solely for personal, noncommercial use by the users of our site. you may download, print and store selected portions of the content, provided you (1) only use these copies of the content for your own personal, non-commercial use, (2) do not copy or post the content on any network computer or broadcast the content in any media, and (3) do not modify or alter the content in any way, or delete or change any copyright or trademark notice. no right, title or interest in any downloaded materials is transferred to you as a result of any such downloading. bassett furniture reserves complete title and full intellectual property rights in any content you download from this website. bassett and the bassett logo are registered trademarks of bassett furniture industries, inc. colors we have done our best to display as accurately as possible the colors of the products shown on this web site. however, because the colors you see will depend on your monitor, we cannot guarantee that your monitor’s display of any color will be accurate. indemnification you agree to defend, indemnify and hold bassett furniture industries harmless from and against any and all claims, damages, costs and expenses, including attorneys’ fees, arising from or related to your use of this website (https://www.bassettfurniture.com/) get expert design help on your project...big or small design services our designers would love to help you craft a space you love and want to share. materials workroom see our fabrics, leathers and wood finishes. select your favorites for your next design. comfort story comfort is personal. we use generations of skill to build a style that fits you. blog visit our blog for insight into making the most of living in your space. be the first to know. new arrivals & special offers sent straight to your inbox. email email signup successful please provide a valid email about us our story careers investors community involvement environmental initiatives military & first responders discount resources upholstery warranty wood warranty catalog product safety bassett community blog new age recall information customer service shipping & delivery return & cancellation policy direct mail preferences bassett credit card affirm financing gift card faqs contact us store store locator view all stores member tools to the trade sales tools club level by bassett copyright © 2003-2024 bassett furniture industries. all rights reserved. online terms privacy accessiblity statement */ // -->