来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20091228201011/http://www.fatbraintoys.com/reviews/index.cfm
================================================================================

toy reviews by fat brain toys customers home > toy reviews give the gift of choice...fat brain toys gift certificates! cart empty brain food ultra stomp rocket featured toy lines flip-a-longs - new! tri-spy - new! twig dado cubes bilibo plasma car erector set melissa and doug lincoln logs toy categories active play arts & crafts baby & toddler bath toys books, calendars & more building & construction classic & retro toys dolls & dollhouses furniture & room decor games gear & apparel gift certificates history & geography imaginative play kites, planes & rockets magnets & magnetism music office & desk toys organic & green toys outdoor toys party favors & party fun playroom play centers plush puzzles rc & electronics science & nature trains & vehicles travel toys upscale toys wooden toys resources gift wizard toys for special needs toys for education american made toys toy safety information fat brain toy awards toy times $ affiliate program $ fat brain toys awardedthe 2008 bbb integrity award we accept: recent product reviews from fat brain toys customers my rating of keva 200 posted today by jane mckinstry rating: "this is a great toy! it was a christmas gift for my 5 year old. he enjoyed playing with it. even my husband got into playing with it and kept trying to build one of the pieces shown in the guide book." was this review helpful to you? (report abuse) click here to buy keva 200 or click here to read more reviews my rating of lace & trace pets posted today by britta seppi-sharp rating: "durable, well made, cute characters. it would be nice to have a lid for the product, though. " was this review helpful to you? (report abuse) click here to buy lace & trace pets or click here to read more reviews review of twilight turtle posted today by hannah kastrounis rating: "i bought this for my daughter who is afraid of the dark. she liked it very much. it gives off a nice soft light, and the stars spread throughout the whole room. she really enjoyed changing the color of the light as well. this makes a great nightlight! it shuts off automatically after 45 minutes and is easily turned on again without waking her if i need to see in her room. i am very happy with this product!" was this review helpful to you? (report abuse) click here to buy twilight turtle or click here to read more reviews teach me time alarm clock posted today by don baker rating: "wonderful! it is unbelieveably hard to find a clock that is not digital!" was this review helpful to you? (report abuse) click here to buy teach me time! talking alarm clock and nightlight or click here to read more reviews great gift posted today by matt zimmermann rating: "this was bought as a christmas gift for my daughter (23 months old). when she opened the wrapping, her eyes opened wide and didn't want to wait for the short time it took me to open the package before she could start playing with it. i would recommend this for any little girl that likes fairy's." was this review helpful to you? (report abuse) click here to buy fairyland playhouse or click here to read more reviews review of metal kazoo posted today by lesa coile rating: "bought several for nephews and nieces but not sure how well they have done with them. the night they opened them they played with them and made a lot of "music". this toy seems to be made better than other kazoos i've seen." was this review helpful to you? (report abuse) click here to buy metal kazoo or click here to read more reviews information about mombo snake magnifying glass posted today by lesa coile rating: "this toy is larger and better than i expected. my granddaughters loved them. handle is easy for smaller hands to hold and the large magnifying glass is clear and easy for two and three year olds to use." was this review helpful to you? (report abuse) click here to buy mombo snake magnifying glass or click here to read more reviews my rating of amnh galapagos toob posted today by shane rating: "i love these tube animals. we have about 15 sets of them now and this one was unique. great quality, great toy." was this review helpful to you? (report abuse) click here to buy amnh galapagos toob or click here to read more reviews my rating of wooden shape sorting clock posted today by shane rating: "great product. very sturdy construction. easy to understand and work with. " was this review helpful to you? (report abuse) click here to buy wooden shape sorting clock or click here to read more reviews product review of stack & sort board posted today by lesa coile rating: "i bought this toy for my 18 month old great niece. bright colorful pieces were easy to hold and stack." was this review helpful to you? (report abuse) click here to buy stack & sort board or click here to read more reviews review of world map (33 pcs) posted today by lesa coile rating: "puzzle pieces are bigger than i realized. i bought for my 7 year old granddaughter and puzzle was too easy for her. i thought the world puzzle would be a little more detail than it was." was this review helpful to you? (report abuse) click here to buy world map (33 pcs) or click here to read more reviews product review of marine creatures posted today by shane rating: "i bought this for my nephew for christmas. he was 3 years old at the time. initially, it looked like he was going to need a lot of help putting the "creatures" together. after seeing how it was done, he was able to do the majority of the assembly himself." was this review helpful to you? (report abuse) click here to buy marine creatures or click here to read more reviews review for picnic basket fill & spill posted today by lesa coile rating: "gave as gift to 8 month old great niece. pieces were very soft and easy for her to handle. bright and colorful. " was this review helpful to you? (report abuse) click here to buy picnic basket fill & spill or click here to read more reviews great for future bakers posted today by shane rating: "my nieces love this kit. the construction is very sturdy and the pieces fit together nicely. be careful of the markers in little hands. sometimes they want to "decorate" more than the cupcakes. " was this review helpful to you? (report abuse) click here to buy bake & decorate cupcake set or click here to read more reviews review of plasmacar posted today by lesa coile rating: "we bought two, one for my 7 year old granddaughter and one for my 3 year old granddaughter. they both love it. the 3 year old was able to make it move without any trouble at all. this is a great gift. easy to put together, light weight but very tough." was this review helpful to you? (report abuse) click here to buy plasmacar or click here to read more reviews the infinite cosmos posted today rating: "well constructed for time after time use. bright colors and creative design." was this review helpful to you? (report abuse) click here to buy the infinite cosmos (300 pcs.) or click here to read more reviews solar system floor puzzle posted today rating: "the vivid colors and sturdiness of the puzzle were great." was this review helpful to you? (report abuse) click here to buy solar system floor puzzle or click here to read more reviews 100 pc solar system posted today rating: "my nephew was so excited when he saw his puzzle. he loved the bright colors and the fact that it was of space." was this review helpful to you? (report abuse) click here to buy solar system (100 pcs) or click here to read more reviews world record paper airplane book posted today rating: "this book comes with paper to make all of the airplanes with great graphics. my boys really liked it!" was this review helpful to you? (report abuse) click here to buy world record paper airplane book or click here to read more reviews really cool posted today rating: "bought this for my 11 year old son for christmas. he had problems with the wires breaking. his grandpa was able to help him fix this problem and then he was able to assemble the robot. he thinks the finished product is "really cool"." was this review helpful to you? (report abuse) click here to buy 4m brush robot or click here to read more reviews product review of maracas posted today by larissa blais rating: "toy for my 7 month old. he likes them. they make a nice, not annoying noise. handles are a good size for him to both hold onto and put into his mouth. other kids at play group also really liked his maracas!" was this review helpful to you? (report abuse) click here to buy maracas or click here to read more reviews review of recycling truck posted today by larissa blais rating: "this was a christmas i purchased for my god son. my friend told me that her son loves his new truck. " was this review helpful to you? (report abuse) click here to buy recycling truck or click here to read more reviews blunders game posted today by donna skelton rating: "game was easy to explain to young children and funny enough to hold the interest of older children. makes learning manners fun and light hearted. the creators seem to have real insight into the behavior of children in the target age group!" was this review helpful to you? (report abuse) click here to buy blunders game or click here to read more reviews review for my first purse posted today rating: "my daughter enjoys the purse, although she is still learning how to open the velcro. she likes to open the change purse, especially when i hide things in it. the cell phone is kind of waste (no cell phone is that large anymore), but the other items included are cute." was this review helpful to you? (report abuse) click here to buy my first purse or click here to read more reviews loaded question on the go posted today by tronda rating: "super game for all family members" was this review helpful to you? (report abuse) click here to buy loaded question on the go or click here to read more reviews ball of whacks posted today by tronda rating: "great fun! can spend hours creating with this toy. even grandma liked this one!" was this review helpful to you? (report abuse) click here to buy roger von oech's ball of whacks or click here to read more reviews rubiks 360 posted today by tronda rating: "this is a fun toy that's challanges you, it's a nice new spin on the rubic cube." was this review helpful to you? (report abuse) click here to buy rubik's 360 or click here to read more reviews tea party game posted today by sally goff rating: "the spinner didn't spin very well, and i've had the same trouble with other eeboo products, but that is my only complaint. my daughter is 4, and she picked up on the game quickly. we also used the game to practices manners. if we didn't ask for our game pieces using "please" and "thank you," you didn't get to keep the piece. we enjoyed this game!" was this review helpful to you? (report abuse) click here to buy tea party game or click here to read more reviews great posted today by john emerson rating: "the product came in great condition and worked perfect." was this review helpful to you? (report abuse) click here to buy my 1st rc - bus 27mhz or click here to read more reviews snatch posted today by tonya kirkendall rating: "i love this game! my girls love playing it as well. " was this review helpful to you? (report abuse) click here to buy snatch word game or click here to read more reviews khet posted today by barbara j shirazi rating: "my 9 year old son enjoys the game. he likes the fact that it takes concentration to play the game." was this review helpful to you? (report abuse) click here to buy khet (fomerly deflexion) or click here to read more reviews review for hot dots flash cards - states & capitals posted today by peggy stevens rating: "awesom, easy and fun. these hot dots flash cards are the best way to educate your kids, they don't even know that they are studying. we used them as a family to play on saturday night "game night". very fun for the whole family. " was this review helpful to you? (report abuse) click here to buy hot dots flash cards - states & capitals or click here to read more reviews bird bingo = happiness! posted today by pamela j miller rating: "how fun is this??? we live in nyc, so not much bird watching available right out the window. this game makes up for it,a nd then some. lots of fun, and educational, too. definitely a good value for the money! can't wait to get other bing games int he same line!" was this review helpful to you? (report abuse) click here to buy bingo game - birds or click here to read more reviews go back in time with go to the head of the class posted today by pamela j miller rating: "my best friend and i played this game non-stop over 40 years ago, and it is still the most fun ever! we have been able to play with our 5 year old, plus gramma (86), plus mom and dad (51 and 44), and because of the different levels of questions, we all have a good time. and you always learn something new each time! doesn't take too long, keeps a 5 year old's interest until done - this is just the best!" was this review helpful to you? (report abuse) click here to buy go to the head of the class or click here to read more reviews a rating of toddler glockenspiel posted today rating: "our two year old granddaughter loves the toy, but she has a little trouble using the plastic mallet. right now she likes to bang on it as hard as she can, but we're sure she will grow into using it more musically." was this review helpful to you? (report abuse) click here to buy toddler glockenspiel or click here to read more reviews made ofr trade is made for fun! posted today by pamela j miller rating: "our 5 year old son loved this game! though we have only played the tourist version of the game (still have 3 other versions to go), we loved the names of the characters (he always wants to be eliza oglethorpe), all the objects you collect, that you travel throughout the town, and especially how you barter for objects and collect shillings. really helped him understand colonial exchange rates! ...and "indentured servitude." nb: though the game says it is for 8 - 12 year olds onwards, our little boy learned to read very early on, and loves reading about colonial tools, so this was right up his alley. very gladsanta brought this,a nd know he will love playing it with his schoolmates." was this review helpful to you? (report abuse) click here to buy made for trade or click here to read more reviews a rating of shape sorting cube posted today by rz rating: "my 1-year old needs help matching up the blocks to the right shape holes, but it is teaching her useful skills." was this review helpful to you? (report abuse) click here to buy shape sorting cube or click here to read more reviews grocery set posted today by rz rating: "we chose these for our 1-year old because we didn't want more plastic toys lying around the house and we thought she wasn't quite ready for the wooden sets. she loves them!" was this review helpful to you? (report abuse) click here to buy lil' shopper play set or click here to read more reviews fun! posted today by rz rating: "great idea! my 9-year old son loves it. a lot of problem solving, testing, and checking to get the course right. and provides a sense of accomplishment once it is finished. thought, one of the pieces doesn't spin very easily, and is usually left out of the course." was this review helpful to you? (report abuse) click here to buy frigits deluxe or click here to read more reviews great legos posted today by rz rating: "another great lego set!" was this review helpful to you? (report abuse) click here to buy lego construction site or click here to read more reviews simple, entertaining posted today by rz rating: "i ordered the bilibo for my 1-year old daughter, who didn't quite know what to make of it at first. but after a few days, she was using it for everything. she loves to sit in the bilibo, put her toys in it, carry it around, etc. my 9-year old son also likes to play with the bilibo; usually spinning it while sitting or standing in it. overall, a great toy because the kids can use it for anything they can come up with!" was this review helpful to you? (report abuse) click here to buy bilibo or click here to read more reviews highly educational and fun posted today by ann marie meyers rating: "a wonderful and very educational game. i played the game with my 8 year old son. although he didn't know all of the answers, it was nice that your game piece moves each turn regardless of whether you know the answer or not. it would probally be better for someone a little bit older. i reduced the possible number of answers to make it a little easier for him. however, the educational benefit outweighed having to make some slight adjustments. i learned a few new facts also. great game!!!" was this review helpful to you? (report abuse) click here to buy american trivia: junior or click here to read more reviews product review of organic little sprouts puppy - 5 inch posted today by michael rating: "daughter loved the soft material and shape." was this review helpful to you? (report abuse) click here to buy organic little sprouts puppy - 5 inch or click here to read more reviews loved it! posted today by venus awe rating: "kids loved it immediately...plus easy to use and made from sturdy plastic. it's a hit!" was this review helpful to you? (report abuse) click here to buy mombo snake magnifying glass or click here to read more reviews review for telescoping crayon tower - 150 ct posted today by rosemary giangiobbe rating: "great product. son loved it." was this review helpful to you? (report abuse) click here to buy telescoping crayon tower - 150 ct or click here to read more reviews fun pastime posted today by mackey rating: "this is a fun and creative way to express your feelings. there are plenty of words to let your family and friends see your creativity and passion. the only reason i did not give a 5-star rating is that the box is too small-- once you separate all the words it's hard to fit them back into the box if you want to." was this review helpful to you? (report abuse) click here to buy magnetic poetry - green words or click here to read more reviews wall art set posted today by chad engle rating: "this art activity was ordered for an eight year old girl who adored it and enjoyed "painting" the canvas. we found it easy to use without much adult assistance. the project can be messy, depending on the fine motor skill level of the child, and somewhat difficult to place the jewels without smearing wet glitter areas. in order to alleviate this we did it over a 2 day period, glitter one day, jewels the next. additional tools we utilized were a fine tipped paint brush, wooden skewers and tweezers to help place jewel items. some times the glitter pen would be plugged so we squeezed some into a paint tray or used a t-pin to open the clogged tube. other then those few inconviences, i would certainly recommend this for a girl who enjoy arts and crafts activiites." was this review helpful to you? (report abuse) click here to buy bling by number - wall art set or click here to read more reviews scotland yard posted today by clare v. luegering rating: "the game has a slightly different idea to reach completion. a lot fun. works better with a larger group." was this review helpful to you? (report abuse) click here to buy scotland yard or click here to read more reviews review of perplexus posted today by cindy bishop rating: "perplexus is a fun toy that really appeals to both my 12 year old daughter and my 47 year old husband. i wanted something other than video games for my daughter, so i stocked up on mind games (i.e., mastermind, chess, etc). this was a good purchase. it is a bit difficult for my 6 year old to manipulate; however, it is an engaging toy and i'm sure that eventually she will be able to figure it out. fun toy, all around. " was this review helpful to you? (report abuse) click here to buy perplexus or click here to read more reviews a rating of artist's smock posted today by heather varner rating: "the only complaint i have about this product is that it was made in china, [i believe] the quality of the product is questionable due to this fact. i am not sure just how safe the actual material is. (note from fat brain toys: the artist's smock shown here is manufactured by melissa and doug. please view the following link for information on product safety. manufacturer safety statement)" was this review helpful to you? (report abuse) click here to buy artist's smock or click here to read more reviews review for baby's 1st birthday posted today by kathleen perrelle rating: "a 16 month old girl loved it! she loved the wave drum the best!" was this review helpful to you? (report abuse) click here to buy baby's 1st birthday or click here to read more reviews review of wee wedgits 30 piece set posted today by pat kruse rating: "wee wedgits has been enjoyed by two boys, 15 months and 4 years. they are also interchangeable with the other wedgits the boys have. they are a great family activity. wee wedgits encourages creativity. they are such much better than just building blocks. the boys need to experiment to see what fits together and what does not. they encourage thinking skills. so glad i purchased them from you." was this review helpful to you? (report abuse) click here to buy wee wedgits 30 piece set or click here to read more reviews review of camp board game posted today rating: "we really enjoyed the game as a family and the fact the cards had different levels of difficulty!" was this review helpful to you? (report abuse) click here to buy camp board game or click here to read more reviews school bus and monster truck posted today by naomi j. goodman rating: "both toys proved to be fun for my grandchildren (aged 2 and 3 years) and they understood them immediately. however, because both toys use the same frequency, they can't be used at the same time close to each other. this was especially frustrating for the 2 year old when she couldn't control the bus, which was responding to the control for the monster truck. can fat brain create two different frequencies on each toy, or create different frequencies for different toys?" was this review helpful to you? (report abuse) click here to buy my 1st rc - bus 27mhz or click here to read more reviews catapult kit posted today by mary strauss rating: "this was really super. all of the pieces fit together as they were supposed to. it took us about 45 minutes to put together using hot glue and it really catapults things across the room. " was this review helpful to you? (report abuse) click here to buy catapult kit or click here to read more reviews product review of teach me time! talking alarm clock and nightlight posted today rating: "the teach me time clock has been a wonderful addition to our son's room. it is helping him learn to tell time on both an analog & digital faces. the color cues for when to get up are great on weekends." was this review helpful to you? (report abuse) click here to buy teach me time! talking alarm clock and nightlight or click here to read more reviews great marble run posted today by j moore rating: "we are loving this marble run. the only drawback has been it's attraction for our toddler, who has as much fun deconstructing the run as his big brother has putting it together! our older son is 4, so he definitely needs help to set it up, but we all enjoy playing with this product together. " was this review helpful to you? (report abuse) click here to buy quadrilla twist and rail set or click here to read more reviews re: cool gift for moon lovers posted today by teja huntley rating: "my 2 year old loves seeing the moon outside so i bought this for him. he can use the remote easily. i really like that it has auto shut-off, though it would be nice if you had the option to let it stay on as a nightlight all night. my son seemed frightened of it in his room so we moved it to the living room for now so he can play with it there. it is cool in that it goes through the phases of the moon and looks pretty realistic. the instructions say not to use rechargeable batteries and i'm not sure why except that they run out fast. all-in-all i think it is a good product. i recommend it." was this review helpful to you? (report abuse) click here to buy moon in my room or click here to read more reviews information about deluxe jumbo cardboard blocks 40 pcs posted today by jennifer rating: "this was bought for my 2 1/2 year old nephew. it kept all the children in the family entertained throughout the day. very well designed and very sturdy. yes, the kids could even stand on the pieces! i would highly recommend these blocks to anyone." was this review helpful to you? (report abuse) click here to buy deluxe jumbo cardboard blocks 40 pcs or click here to read more reviews love you guys! posted today by sunny jordan rating: "so far it looks like it is going to be a big and long-time hit with my granddaughter (14 mos.). she went right to it and started pushing it around. her 3.5 year old brother loves it too! santa also gave them the more glitzy and colorful plastic toy they can push and ride - but it just isn't as easy for them to push around and they seem to prefer this simple version. i read a lot of the reviews before i chose this one and they really helped in my decision making. i am very happy with my purchase." was this review helpful to you? (report abuse) click here to buy wheely bug or click here to read more reviews wonderful gift posted today rating: "lots of clothing choices for the dolls. well constructed, will last for a long time." was this review helpful to you? (report abuse) click here to buy best friends forever! magnetic dress-up or click here to read more reviews my rating of citiblocs 200 pc wooden building set posted today by elizabeth court rating: "the blocks are wonderful. it would be nice if the box they come in were a little sturdier. it is already tearing from putting the blocks away and pouring them out." was this review helpful to you? (report abuse) click here to buy citiblocs 200 pc wooden building set or click here to read more reviews useful posted today by that kid's mom rating: "citiblocs are an excellent building toy. we've used them to design traditional urban towers, other worldly ships and cities, platforms for the wood train set, and many other things. they encourage interactive play and spark imagination. hubby, our three old, and i are all having a great time with them. " was this review helpful to you? (report abuse) click here to buy citiblocs 54 pc wooden building set - turquoise/green or click here to read more reviews great for creative play posted today by r. doyle rating: "great little ironing board...colorful, sturdy. my 4-year-old loves to use her toy iron and stand at the ironing board to "iron" her doll clothes. it stands about 19 inches tall which comes slightly below her waist. my daughter can easily set it up and fold it back down by herself. the print on the cover has red, yellow, blue and green shirts, shorts and triangles on a white background. " was this review helpful to you? (report abuse) click here to buy little helper ironing board or click here to read more reviews nice alternative posted today by that kid's mom rating: "santa thought the fire truck puzzle would be a smart way to fulfill my son's (fire truck) request without adding more plastic to our home. the puzzle pieces are easy for my three old's hands and we've had fun putting it together. once together my son likes to pretend it can drive around the floor with his more conventional fire trucks on top -- this way all the trucks get to the rescue on time. santa sure is clever." was this review helpful to you? (report abuse) click here to buy giant fire truck (24 pcs) or click here to read more reviews christmas gift to 5 yr old posted today by daniel whelan rating: "track is great and plyable even in virginia at christmas (in-doors) however the ramps are not the best design. they do not stay connected. the kids did love it, but in retrospect, it is not worth the money. i would say the 24ft. performance kit should sell for $35 " was this review helpful to you? (report abuse) click here to buy blutrack - 24 ft. performance kit or click here to read more reviews kaleidoscope posted today by bobi hines rating: "i love it! very colorful and well made." was this review helpful to you? (report abuse) click here to buy classic tin kaleidoscope or click here to read more reviews my rating of frontier logs - 160 pieces posted today by david miller rating: "container and product was in great condition. everything we expected. the company makes it a little pricy so future buys may be curtailed but made an exception this time." was this review helpful to you? (report abuse) click here to buy frontier logs - 160 pieces or click here to read more reviews good for tots posted today by amanda hoskins rating: "the style and design is outstanding! such a cute car for my 2 year old little girl! it seems very durable and well made. however, it has a very hard time turning left and right and the remote doesn't work once the car is about ten feet away. even around the corner in the hallway, it stops! great look, style, design, make. poor remote power and maneuverability. " was this review helpful to you? (report abuse) click here to buy radio control car carolina or click here to read more reviews great puzzle posted today by michael todd rating: "loved the large pieces and the overall design" was this review helpful to you? (report abuse) click here to buy underwater (48 pcs) or click here to read more reviews a rating of micropro elite posted today by jeanette driesen rating: "i'm sorry, but i am planning to return the microscope. it looks great, and has all the right parts, but i was very disappointed in its ability to power in and focus well on specimens. i bought this for my 9 year old son, but i just don't think it does the job. i'm a nurse, and have used microscopes for a long time - i may buy one from an actual lab supply." was this review helpful to you? (report abuse) click here to buy micropro elite or click here to read more reviews information about kid k'nex - racetrack buddies posted today by kathleen ashman rating: "4 and 6 year olds really enjoyed it - so did their dad!" was this review helpful to you? (report abuse) click here to buy kid k'nex - racetrack buddies or click here to read more reviews snatch word game posted today by teresa kinkaid rating: "fun game to play. great that it can be played with just 2 people as well as several. " was this review helpful to you? (report abuse) click here to buy snatch word game or click here to read more reviews a sturdy toy that has the basics posted today by elizabeth rating: "my 5-year-old daughter received this as a christmas gift. this is a well-made plastic cash register that comes with a play credit card and lots of play money. there are no batteries required--the calculator is solar-powered. actually, i believe there is a button-cell battery that powers a beeping noise made when the keys are punched, but i don't expect that to require regular replacement. we specifically chose this version of the learning resources cash register over another, more expensive one that is available because it does not require batteries or make loud sounds (the beeping from the keys is very quiet and not annoying). we also wanted something that allowed for open-ended play, rather than a toy that directed what the child should do (the fancier version apparently has electronic games on it). the play money is also fairly sturdy as play money goes. our daughter loves to play store and restaurant using this cash register. we also play a game involving catalogs with prices printed in them in which someone places an order and has to hand over the correct amount of cash. this is a great buy if you are interested in something more basic. " was this review helpful to you? (report abuse) click here to buy calculator cash register or click here to read more reviews my rating of ultimate gum kit posted today by kelly rating: "i bought this gift for my 10 year old niece. she was really excited when she opened the gift, but i don't think that she's had the time to open it yet and begin making gum. i will have to let you know what she thinks. " was this review helpful to you? (report abuse) click here to buy ultimate gum kit or click here to read more reviews tell me a story - fairy tale mix-up posted today by matt nielsen rating: "my 4 year old daughter received this for christmas, and she loves it. she spontaneously spreads the cards on the sofa and starts making up stories. when it is my turn, she is very attentive to my story and the whole story making process. we have our editorial disagreements about how some things happen in the stories, but mostly we laugh and have a great time with the cards. i am planning on taking the cards with us on longer car trips to help the miles go by a little easier. "tell me a story" cards are a great bargain for the money and provide creative, cooperative fun. " was this review helpful to you? (report abuse) click here to buy tell me a story / creative story cards or click here to read more reviews a lot of fun for kids and adults posted today by elizabeth rating: "we gave this to my 8-year-old daughter as a christmas gift, and we have all enjoyed making designs with the magnetic tiles! the fractiles-7 set comes with a 12x12 sturdy metal board, magnetic tiles in 3 different shapes and colors, and a folder to hold both which is printed with many different designs for the tiles. my daughter enjoyed both copying some of the designs printed and making up her own creations. the tiles are brightly colored on a black background and your designs stand out beautifully. my husband and i find ourselves making up designs as we walk by the table, and my 5-year-old even has fun with it. i wouldn't recommend this product for a child much younger than 5, though--the magnetic tiles are fairly thin and would probably be difficult for a younger child to manipulate." was this review helpful to you? (report abuse) click here to buy fractiles-7 or click here to read more reviews fun blocks posted today by brea bradshaw rating: "these farm blocks are very fun (and of course, easy to use) they are made well, with good quality materials. my daughter likes them!" was this review helpful to you? (report abuse) click here to buy farm sound blocks or click here to read more reviews cute! posted today by brea bradshaw rating: "this is a fun picnic basket. the items inside come apart and/or rattle when you shake them. the basket is a little bit small, and it is hard for my daughter to get the items in and out without help. she is however, only 7 months old. overall, it is a fun and cute product. " was this review helpful to you? (report abuse) click here to buy picnic basket fill & spill or click here to read more reviews love it posted today by brea bradshaw rating: "my daughter loves this product!! it is visually stimulating and not so loud that it becomes annoying. it's terriffic!" was this review helpful to you? (report abuse) click here to buy rainmaker - 16 inch or click here to read more reviews information about tubby - bath toy organizer posted today by brea bradshaw rating: "this product has served our need well, we have not used it very long, however. drys quickly." was this review helpful to you? (report abuse) click here to buy tubby - bath toy organizer or click here to read more reviews review for horse-opoly posted today by brenda dickson rating: "very nice game. it takes a while to play it, though." was this review helpful to you? (report abuse) click here to buy horse-opoly or click here to read more reviews product review of bendomino posted today by karen mahon rating: "i've been looking for this game to buy for a gift for over a year. i was excited to find it. unfortunately, the game was really dull, compared to what i was expecting. just kind of a bummer after a year of expectations building." was this review helpful to you? (report abuse) click here to buy bendomino or click here to read more reviews review of fish stix game posted today by wendy pope rating: "we found this to be a very good game for a 7 year old grand-daughter. she needed some help but enjoyed the game a lot. the bag containing the fishstix cards & counters had split & think that a stronger bag would be a help - even a small box would be better to keep them together. " was this review helpful to you? (report abuse) click here to buy fish stix game or click here to read more reviews spanish bingl posted today by m. houston rating: "very interesting! this game sparks learning and fun simultaneously! " was this review helpful to you? (report abuse) click here to buy spanish bingo or click here to read more reviews monster bowling posted today by m. houston rating: "this product appears to be a "child friendly" toy. no parts that would harm the child. the items are soft and colorful! very eye-catching! the right size for small hands as they play quietly at home. yes, this is a toy with little or no noise except the cheers and laughs as the children play. i believe my grandson would agree, monster bowling is a "hit!"" was this review helpful to you? (report abuse) click here to buy monster bowling or click here to read more reviews review of my first lab duo-scope microscope posted today by dana jenkins rating: "my daughter is nine years old and she loves this microscope. i bought it for her for christmas. she is growing mold now to look at. she is always trying to see what we can look at. the view is clear, bright and the maximum size is fine for her for now. she loves it so i love it." was this review helpful to you? (report abuse) click here to buy my first lab duo-scope microscope or click here to read more reviews great spy gear posted today by carol k. pozos rating: "the ulitmate spy watch was purchased as a christmas gift for our 7 yo. he loves it. it is a perfect spy gadget with several different items in one. it is easy for him to use. i consider it educational also because it has world time. we received the item in a timely fashion. we were able to track our order. all things i appreciate. we will buy from fat brain toys again." was this review helpful to you? (report abuse) click here to buy ultimate spy watch or click here to read more reviews product review of big scoop posted today by elizabeth a. woytko rating: "got it as a gift, so i am not sure." was this review helpful to you? (report abuse) click here to buy big scoop or click here to read more reviews great toy! posted today by jenny buhl-hagey rating: "my 2 1/2 year old loves this monster truck. it is easy for him to control and can bump into things without any damage. a great buy!" was this review helpful to you? (report abuse) click here to buy go go auto rc - monster truck 27mhz or click here to read more reviews more than multicultural! posted today by jennifer o. rating: "i looked in several stores for these markers,only to be disappointed. my son colors lots of outdoors and animal scenes. basic colors were not sufficient. i bought these so he could color animal fur in different shades, as well as woods and forests. of course they will also be handy for making people look very real. they are perfect!" was this review helpful to you? (report abuse) click here to buy 8 ct. multicultural washable markers - broad line or click here to read more reviews hexbug-nano posted today by jamie kramer rating: "my 10 year old loves these bugs!! they act just like a real bug. must watch them as they can get stuck in some places like under the stove or fridge. overall we are happy with the bugs and it is fun scaring people that visit us :)" was this review helpful to you? (report abuse) click here to buy hexbug - nano or click here to read more reviews a rating of dado squares posted today by kelli norwalk rating: "i have bought the dado products before and i think they are terrific" was this review helpful to you? (report abuse) click here to buy dado squares or click here to read more reviews review for 100 piece wood blocks sets posted today by brian p murphy rating: "i had a similar product when i was a small child and decided to get these for my childs birthday. they are perfect for learning shapes, colors, and hand/eye coordination. he likes to build them up and crash his cars into them. i thought that the blocks would have been bigger but maybe i was just smaller when i had them as a child." was this review helpful to you? (report abuse) click here to buy 100 piece wood blocks sets or click here to read more reviews a rating of animalogic posted yesterday by shirley lafreniere rating: "i purchased this for my 6 year old granddaughter, and she loves it, as does her 9 year old brother. everyone gets in on the puzzle, but i don't really see it as a game to play. at least for this family, it seems to work better when a child works by himself, according to his ability. it remains an excellent learning device, and the little ones don't even know this! " was this review helpful to you? (report abuse) click here to buy animalogic or click here to read more reviews my rating of passport to culture posted yesterday by barbara stevenson rating: "a fun game for almost all family members. my seven year old grandson, a world traveler, plays and what he doesn't know, he learns. even if you think you know "everything" you may be surprised!" was this review helpful to you? (report abuse) click here to buy passport to culture or click here to read more reviews information about magnetic boats in the tub posted yesterday rating: "this is a very functional toy, that my two grandsons fight over. i guess i should have bought two of them. lots of fun in the bathtub." was this review helpful to you? (report abuse) click here to buy magnetic boats in the tub or click here to read more reviews blutrack 18 ft. starter kit posted yesterday by paula richmond rating: "it has been fun to think of new ways to use the track. my son is three and so far it is the parents setting up the track and him using it. he loves it. the cars run smoothly on it. the started kit works for hills and bumps, but it does not do well with loops. the attachments in the more advanced kits are needed for loops. overall it has provided hours of entertainment." was this review helpful to you? (report abuse) click here to buy blutrack - 18 ft. starter kit or click here to read more reviews nm mommy posted yesterday rating: "this is a durable dump truck that can handle the outdoors. it is also pretty big so my loves filling it up with lots of stuff. it is a bit pricey for a truck but i think it will stand the test of time." was this review helpful to you? (report abuse) click here to buy dump truck or click here to read more reviews nm mommy posted yesterday rating: "cute monsters! my 2 yr old son loves to set them up and then overhand hurl the ball at them - good fun! " was this review helpful to you? (report abuse) click here to buy monster bowling or click here to read more reviews for even more toy reviews, pick a toy manufacturer below: abong acting out action products ag industries alex all new materials all things equal american innovative astrojax usa automoblox company babalu balitono bananagrams basic fun bead bazaar beeposh be amazing be good company blazing productions bloco blongo family fun blue orange blutrack blythe jack bobles bonfit sport books by julia cook bounty hunter brain noodles breyer breyer reeves international briarpatch brickadoo bridge street toys brio corporation bruder bucky balls buffalo games cadaco can you imagine carson dellosa publishing company carson optical challenge fun channel craft chicco usa chronicle books citiblocs cloud b corolle cranium cranium crayola crazy forts creations by you creative whack creativity for kids crocodile creek curious toys c a scientific company daron deglingos design works, inc design your own dgl group diggin discovery bay games dk publishing dm creations doublestar dowling magnets dream green duncan dunecraft dynatech d l company educajohn hansen educational insights education outdoors, inc educo hape, inc edushape eeboo elenco electronics, inc emines erector meccano evolving toys family games, inc family time fun fascinations fashion angels fat brain toys fat brain toy co feenixx publishing find it games flensted mobiles flybar folkmanis foxmind fractiles fred friends front porch classics fundex games funrise fun and function llc fun slides gamewright gamewrightceaco ganz garageco toys gayla kites geomag usa geomag usa newprojet sa geotoys giantmicrobes global toy marketing gluckskafer googolplex games go fly a kite green board green rock entertainment green toys guidecraft gymnic haba harpercollins publishers hasbro hog wild hohner hq kites designs usa huck doll h h global ikoso kits imagability, inc imagination imagiplay index.cfm industrial revolution infantino infinitoy, inc innovation first innovative kids innovention toys insect lore integrated global solutions international playthings jaag jailbreak toys jakks pacific john hinde joojoo jumpin banana just jump it kapla karito kids keva kidkraft kids preferred kid galaxy kid o kikkerland design klutz knex kubit2me kushies zolo language littles late for the sky learning carpets learning curve learning mates learning resources legendary games lego systems, inc leisure learning products, inc lindenwood little kids lubies rocket usa madame alexander made by humans magic forest magic mealtime magna tiles magnetic poetry major steps, inc manhattan toy maple landmark, inc marky sparky mark my time mary meyer masterpieces puzzle company mattel mayfair games melissa doug midwest educational products mindtwister usa mindware monkey business sports moonjar mudpuppy mudpuppy galison munchkin naef neat oh newsound kids newtech kites nikko america, inc nogglers noted nsi international odyssey toys ogosport ohio art orbis world globes orb factory outset media corp out of the box publishing pacific play tents pacific science patch products pdi pamela drake, inc peaceable kingdom press pel pencil grip penelope peapod piatnik of america pint size productions pixel blocks pkolino plan toys plasmart plastwood playability toys bill and bud playmobil playsam plushy feely poof slinky, inc premier kites pretty ugly prime time toys prince lionheart puremco games toys putumayo kids questmarc publishing q ba maze radio flyer, inc rainbowbrush rainbow products randomline ravensburger razor replogle globes, inc rex games rhino toys rhythm band instruments whacky music rich frog rogers connection royal brush roylco rsv productions sababa toys safari ltd sassafras enterprises, inc sassy schleich schylling science whiz scientific explorer scientific explorer elmers products scratch art company set enterprises shapescapes shoe tying made simple shure silver dolphin silver dolphin perseus books group simple memory art skip hop skuut small world toys smartlab sok o spinmaster spiraling hearts sprig toys spring swings spy alley partners stack stick peters group ltd steiff step2 company llc stephen joseph gift strangeco strange collective strider sports intl successful kids swim ways tailor made products talicor tangle tdc games tedco temple games thames kosmos the happy kid company the imaginative child the learning journey the little3 toy company the little little toy company the piggy story thinkfun think a lot toys think of it three by three timeless toys tiny love usa tmi, inc tomy toymonster toysie toysmith toy youniverse tree blocks uberstix umbra uncle milton unitech toys toysie universalmap university games usa pool toy mindwalk, inc us games systems verdes toy corp waba fun llc walter foster publishing wee gallery whacky music wham o, inc wholesale batteries wikki stix wild planet entertainment, inc wild republic k m international winning moves wj fantasy woodman concept woodstock woodstock percussion workman publishing yackle yomega young scientists club zabazoo zebra mix zing toys zipfy zolo zometool home | shopping cart | help | privacy policy | return & exchanges | toy safety info shop by age | shop by price | best selling toys | special offers | new toys| popular toy searches copyright © 2003-2010 fat brain toys llc. all rights reserved. fat brain toys® is a registered service mark of fat brain toys, llc fat brain toys offices 1405 n. 205th st., ste. 120 elkhorn, nebraska usa 68022 phone 1-800-590-5987 fat brain toys retail store 16909 burke street, suite 131 omaha, nebraska usa 68118 phone 402-504-6218 04