来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20101214170607/http://fatbraintoys.com/reviews/index.cfm
================================================================================

toy reviews by fat brain toys customers home > toy reviews give the gift of choice...fat brain toys gift certificates! cart empty bilibo the learning calendar inchimals featured toys learning calendar 2010/11 inchimals - new! reptangles - new! dado cubes twig bilibo plasma car hexbug melissa and doug featured games sturdy birdy acuity animalogic toy categories stocking stuffers active play arts & crafts baby & toddler bath toys books, calendars & more brainteasers building & construction classic & retro toys dolls & dollhouses furniture & room decor games gear & apparel gift certificates history & geography imaginative play kites, planes & rockets magnets & magnetism music office & desk toys organic & green toys outdoor toys party favors & party fun playroom play centers plush puzzles rc & electronics science & nature trains & vehicles travel toys upscale toys wooden toys resources gift wizard toys for special needs toys for education american made toys toy safety information fat brain toy awards $ affiliate program $ more toy favorites lego erector set playmobil lincoln logs fat brain toys awardedthe 2008 bbb integrity award we accept: recent product reviews from fat brain toys customers good quality posted today by carol collins rating: "the horse trailer is a great toy for the animal lovers at your house. my boys have really enjoyed this horse carrier. the houses are a little bit cheap but the carrier itself is great." was this review helpful to you? (report abuse) click here to buy horse carrier or click here to read more reviews great toy posted today by carol collins rating: "this is a great toy for the kids. my five year old loves it but has a little trouble putting together some of the pieces. with a little help, he is good to go!" was this review helpful to you? (report abuse) click here to buy 3-d wooden model - t-rex or click here to read more reviews home quick planner posted today rating: "great for my 13 year old daughter who loves to plan out her dream house! remember what it was like to be 13?" was this review helpful to you? (report abuse) click here to buy home quick planner or click here to read more reviews information about find it glitz & glamour posted today by debra snow rating: "both find its where gifts and the kids immediately started playing with them and plan to have them in the car to pass time. even the adults passed it around and marveled as they continued to find things." was this review helpful to you? (report abuse) click here to buy find it glitz & glamour or click here to read more reviews fun for an exploring toddler posted today rating: "my daughter is almost 2 and loves to put things in and out of bags...any kind of bag. but, she loves this backpack...she always makes the monkey sound...it's a fun bag to carry around all of her 'treasures'. i'm hoping that she'll use it even more on outings as she gets older; but i'm thrilled that she loves playing with it so much even at home." was this review helpful to you? (report abuse) click here to buy zoo pack backpacks or click here to read more reviews a rating of animal stamp set posted today by tina hageman rating: "i like the quality of the toys. they are all very durable and i've done most of my christmas shopping on your site!" was this review helpful to you? (report abuse) click here to buy animal stamp set or click here to read more reviews review for food chain friends posted today by elena krinitsina rating: "i purchased fcf as a gift for my 5 yr nephew, because he likes monsters. he really enjoyed this toy." was this review helpful to you? (report abuse) click here to buy food chain friends - zezzel, skoodle & fergel or click here to read more reviews review of monster bowling posted today by elena krinitsina rating: "good toy! i bought it for my 1 year old son, but at first time he rarely plays with monsters. now he is 20 month and really enjoys it. the monsters are very cute and brightly colored." was this review helpful to you? (report abuse) click here to buy monster bowling or click here to read more reviews a rating of my first scavenger hunt card game posted today by toni rating: "children enjoy this item." was this review helpful to you? (report abuse) click here to buy my first scavenger hunt card game or click here to read more reviews blast from the past! posted today by heather rating: "i used to have this game as a child. my cousin and i used to play it constantly. we always called it the tree game. we still refer to it and it is one of our fondest memories. i stumbled upon this game while shopping for other gifts. i plan to give it to her for her birthday this month." was this review helpful to you? (report abuse) click here to buy enchanted forest or click here to read more reviews a rating of magnet levitation kit posted today by lynda butler rating: "this is a christmas gift for my grandson, so he hasn't seen it yet. but, his father and i are very excited to have found an interesting quality toy that doesn't require a tv or a joy stick. an educational fun toy is always a treasure. " was this review helpful to you? (report abuse) click here to buy magnet levitation kit or click here to read more reviews a rating of snap circuits jr. posted today by lynda butler rating: "this is a christmas gift for my grandson, so he hasn't seen it yet. but, his father and i are very excited to have found an interesting quality toy that doesn't require a tv or a joy stick. an educational fun toy is always a treasure. " was this review helpful to you? (report abuse) click here to buy snap circuits jr. or click here to read more reviews engaging and entertaining posted today by omaha grandma rating: "last summer when my 11-year-old granddaughter was briefly hospitalized, the nurses gave her a find-it from the playroom to entertain her. lily had to spend many quiet hours in bed, and find-it engaged her attention like no other toy i have seen. she loved rolling it around to find its hidden treasures. find-it is colorful, sturdily built, an appropriate weight, and offers a new look every time it is picked up. my granddaughter is fine now, and i have purchased her a find-it as a christmas gift so she can enjoy it at home or on car trips. " was this review helpful to you? (report abuse) click here to buy find it - kids edition or click here to read more reviews review of solar deluxe educational kit posted today by fariborz rouchi rating: "he likes it. is very curious as how it works. needed assistance at first, then he was fine on his own." was this review helpful to you? (report abuse) click here to buy solar deluxe educational kit or click here to read more reviews my rating of vehicles sound blocks posted today by fariborz rouchi rating: "he loves it. it is new so he plays with it often. so far so good. loves the sounds and his face lights up when he gets it right." was this review helpful to you? (report abuse) click here to buy vehicles sound blocks or click here to read more reviews product review of deluxe stamp set posted today by amy m carrizales rating: "getting for christmas hasn't used it yet" was this review helpful to you? (report abuse) click here to buy deluxe stamp set or click here to read more reviews product review of find it - kids edition posted today by jill keiran rating: "everyone in our chiropractic office loves this game. we have elderly folks that come in still looking for items they have yet to find. the kids are waiting in line to have a turn." was this review helpful to you? (report abuse) click here to buy find it - kids edition or click here to read more reviews a rating of sturdy birdy posted today by jill keiran rating: "this game is in the toy bin at my chiropractic office. it is a great game to build on balance and the office staff often joins the fun with our young practice members. we are not following the full directions, due to the short amount of time the kids have to play. we are using the cards and the blue number die to hold positions and count to the number rolled. " was this review helpful to you? (report abuse) click here to buy sturdy birdy or click here to read more reviews product review of see & spell posted today by laura bryan rating: "great idea! helps with spelling" was this review helpful to you? (report abuse) click here to buy see & spell or click here to read more reviews my rating of playmobil advent calendar - dragon's land posted today by jean e. davis rating: "unable to rate just yet since it is an advent calendar and will not be opened before december 1. it is a gift for a grandchild and i am sure it will be enjoyed daily." was this review helpful to you? (report abuse) click here to buy playmobil advent calendar - dragon's land or click here to read more reviews super cute posted today by jenny combs rating: "i think we all enjoy the jack in the box monkey! good for all ages!" was this review helpful to you? (report abuse) click here to buy sock monkey jack in the box or click here to read more reviews great toy posted today by jenny combs rating: "sturdy and just the right size." was this review helpful to you? (report abuse) click here to buy educo - my first tool set or click here to read more reviews awesome toy posted today by jenny combs rating: "well built and provides lots of fun for a 16 month old!" was this review helpful to you? (report abuse) click here to buy tolo first friends pony club - primary colors or click here to read more reviews will be lots of fun posted today by kimberly miller rating: "bought for my child for christmas. looks like it will last..the ball on the end has a jingle bell in it and reminds me of a cat toy. but it will definately serve the purpose..keeping the kids playing outdoors." 1 of 1 customers found this review helpful. was this review helpful to you? (report abuse) click here to buy skipper or click here to read more reviews nano starter set posted today by holly wiley rating: "for a gift...my kids won't stop asking for it." was this review helpful to you? (report abuse) click here to buy nano starter set or click here to read more reviews hexbug robotic ant posted today by holly wiley rating: "this is a christmas gift and hasn't been opened yet but my kids won't stop asking for these bugs!" was this review helpful to you? (report abuse) click here to buy hexbug robotic ant or click here to read more reviews review of mentos geyser tube posted today by tamara rating: "the geyser tube was easy and quick to use. my students showed a great interest in the activity. it also fit right in with our study of chemical reactions. it is easy to clean and store as well." was this review helpful to you? (report abuse) click here to buy mentos geyser tube or click here to read more reviews photo paper fun! posted yesterday rating: "i'm using this as a homeschool science project and the kids just love it. fun stuff!" was this review helpful to you? (report abuse) click here to buy sunart paper kit - 8 x 10 inches or click here to read more reviews great little bug jar posted yesterday rating: "as a mother of a bug-crazy 6 yo son, i am very happy to have this jar in my house. gone are the days of "mom, i need this right now!" as he absconded off with one of my jam jars or food containers. we found a jerusalem cricket (cara de nino), which is one big ugly bug, and this jar, although small, did the job beautifully....til my husband kept getting nightmares about it and we let the bug go. i guess it didn't help i stored it in the pantry overnight and he got a morning surprise. oops. anyways, great jar! buy one if you've got a bug crazy kid in your house! the only thing i'd like to see is a higher magnication. also, i used this jar as a party favor at the "bug party" we just had, filled with live ladybugs for the kids to take home, and it was a big hit." was this review helpful to you? (report abuse) click here to buy world's best bug jar or click here to read more reviews fun! posted yesterday rating: "well, the case is smaller than i expected. but although we're still waiting for the ants, my son is very excited about it, has been playing with it as much as he can already, and it does look very cool when there are holes in it. i am sure it will look awesome with tunnels and lighting." was this review helpful to you? (report abuse) click here to buy antworks or click here to read more reviews very funny posted yesterday by elena lesnykh rating: "my daughter has started to play since she sat. the drum is really enjoyable. she can play for a long time, especially when her 10 old brother dances to it. i love that i can turn down the volume if it becomes too annoying." was this review helpful to you? (report abuse) click here to buy flashbeat drum or click here to read more reviews blocks all can love posted yesterday by jean kegler rating: "the recipient has yet to receive the gift. but i have had a similar set of blocks at my home for the past 15 years that i have had grandchildren - and parents of grandchildren - and there is not a visit that goes by that the grands, along with a parent or grandma, are not on the floor "building"." was this review helpful to you? (report abuse) click here to buy standard unit blocks or click here to read more reviews information about construction duty super sized floor puzzle posted yesterday by jane ullom rating: "realistic and lots of activity in the picture - sturdy pieces withstand younger brother chewing on them!" was this review helpful to you? (report abuse) click here to buy construction duty super sized floor puzzle or click here to read more reviews a rating of bugs (24 pcs) posted yesterday by jane ullom rating: "haven't used yet - a holiday gift" was this review helpful to you? (report abuse) click here to buy bugs (24 pcs) or click here to read more reviews review for i spy preschool game posted yesterday by jane ullom rating: "haven't used yet - it is a holiday gift" was this review helpful to you? (report abuse) click here to buy i spy preschool game or click here to read more reviews love the wagon! posted yesterday by valerie c rating: "my 14-month old son love love loves this wagon. he has had a ball pushing it around; he still isn't walking yet but the wagon is aiding him in his progress! i think he will soon be walking and the wagon has definitely helped. my son has also found that sitting in the wagon is a ton of fun! his older siblings have been pushing him around in it. (it's so cute to watch them play this way together!) he also really enjoys putting things into and taking things out of the wagon. it was one of the best purchases we have made. love fat brain toys and love step 2! " was this review helpful to you? (report abuse) click here to buy walker wagon with blocks or click here to read more reviews great for 4 & 5 yr olds - not so hot for 6 yr old posted yesterday by clare rating: "my four and five year old grandchildren love this and constantly keep it close by to doodle. they enjoy the eraseable feature and the colors. they will find a quiet spot and draw for nearly an hour if not disturbed. however, my six year old grandson felt it was for little guys ... it's important to pay attantion to age designations. " was this review helpful to you? (report abuse) click here to buy chicken socks draw it again or click here to read more reviews great price. perfect size. posted yesterday by shelli yoder rating: "our daughter is six years old, and she has been asking for a guitar for several months. however, we were reluctant to spend too much money on something we were not sure she would love. we did our research and this guitar came with the best reviews. our daughter really likes it. the size is perfect for her and has strengthened her enthusiasm for music and guitar playing specifically. the guitar keeps a decent tone and the songbook is great. even her mom and dad like playing with it. " was this review helpful to you? (report abuse) click here to buy kid's guitar or click here to read more reviews great learning toy posted yesterday by stephanie rating: "we purchased this for our 5 year old daughter's birthday. she has played with it quite a bit and has really focused on "completing" the workbook that is included. it was also one of the items that was 'chosen' to go with her for her overnight at her grandparents house. she really enjoyed explaining how it works to my father and instructing him on how to use the sticks and the book. we have been very pleased with this purchase and would definitely buy it again. the reason i gave it four stars instead of five was the sharp edges and the paint chipping problem mentioned by other reviewers. my daughter has had this about 10 days and it already has paint chipped off on the edges, so i feel certain it will only get worse as she plays with it. perhaps a rounded edge would be better and help reduce the paint chipping as well as not hurt so much when you accidently step on them on the floor. those old fashioned train whistles made of wood come to mind when thinking about how to reduce the sharp edges. at any rate, we would definitely buy this product again and recommend it to others. it is a great teaching toy that our daughter really loves." was this review helpful to you? (report abuse) click here to buy inchimals or click here to read more reviews great gift posted yesterday by elena lesnykh rating: "once i saw kids geomag and it was great, but not for a baby. so, i decided to try geomag baby. it's amazing too! first of all, my 10month daughter can stack it or roll as a ball. also i get them on the fridge and she can play while cooking. but the best thing is bathing! we've got a cast iron bathtub and the geomag parts are put to it easily. " was this review helpful to you? (report abuse) click here to buy geomag gbaby sea - 19 pcs or click here to read more reviews my rating of good luck minis posted yesterday rating: "very cute, she likes to line them all up (which includes the lady bug) in her room. she also uses it (all the mini's) as an example to look at to draw them. " was this review helpful to you? (report abuse) click here to buy good luck minis or click here to read more reviews my daughter is fascinated posted 2 days ago rating: "i bought this toy because my daughter loved it when she saw it in action at library storytime" was this review helpful to you? (report abuse) click here to buy my first bubbles peek-a-boo surprise - no-spill or click here to read more reviews information about rockbandz sillybandz shapes - 24 pc posted 2 days ago by a thomas rating: "i bought these because my son had been asking for them for a long time. him and his younger brother love wearing them." was this review helpful to you? (report abuse) click here to buy rockbandz sillybandz shapes - 24 pc or click here to read more reviews my rating of ladybug teaset basket posted 2 days ago by susan shattuck rating: "very small basket but the twins liked it. " was this review helpful to you? (report abuse) click here to buy ladybug teaset basket or click here to read more reviews perplexus posted 2 days ago by lori strohl rating: "this puzzle is fun, challenging and kept my son engaged for a very long period of time the first time he tried it. " was this review helpful to you? (report abuse) click here to buy perplexus or click here to read more reviews product review of forest toob posted 2 days ago by nicki webb rating: "i bought this for my son's stocking for xmas so he hasnt had a chance to play with it, but he has the zoo babies set and he loves it! he is almost two and these are little, so if your little one still puts things in his mouth, these sets are too little. my son likes to make them run, and has learned many animal sounds since he loves playing with these so much! i highly recommend. encourages fine motor skills and imagination! and they are very cute and detailed, great toy." was this review helpful to you? (report abuse) click here to buy forest toob or click here to read more reviews nothing slow and boring about these reptiles! posted 2 days ago by melissa mullins rating: "my son is 4 and he absolutely loves reptangles. i was a bit concerned because the age was 6+ but it just goes to show how adaptable the toy is to kids at almost any age. he loves stacking them, playing with them (interactive play), and building building building! definitely worth the money. great toy forthe holidays!" was this review helpful to you? (report abuse) click here to buy reptangles or click here to read more reviews magnetic dress-up dolls posted 2 days ago rating: "this is a very cute set. it is well made. bright colors. i am actually buying my third set. i purchased this for my three year old daughter. but, i have also given these magnetic dolls as birthday gifts for my daughters preschool friends. we also have the magnetic dress-up ballerina and three bears set, which are also fun. " was this review helpful to you? (report abuse) click here to buy princess elise magnetic dress-up or click here to read more reviews awesome product posted 2 days ago by james moyer rating: "we love the faucet, especially my son. he will move the water from hot to cold over and over again, so he can watch the water turn different colors. " was this review helpful to you? (report abuse) click here to buy faucet light - temperature control or click here to read more reviews great store! posted 2 days ago rating: "very good quality. " was this review helpful to you? (report abuse) click here to buy princess elise magnetic dress-up or click here to read more reviews a rating of apples to apples - kids posted 2 days ago by lia raabe rating: "fun game for adults and kids. this version uses words that are more understandable to children, but it's enjoyable for adults to play alongside their children, as well." 1 of 1 customers found this review helpful. was this review helpful to you? (report abuse) click here to buy apples to apples - kids or click here to read more reviews my rating of find it - kids edition posted 2 days ago by melissa flannery rating: "i bought two of the find it items. i don't think i will wrap this until december 24th. i cannot put it down." was this review helpful to you? (report abuse) click here to buy find it - kids edition or click here to read more reviews a rating of rush hour posted 2 days ago rating: "we purchased this for our 7 year old who loves mazes. in some ways it is like a 3-d maze. he loves to work on the puzzles. it is great in the car and waiting rooms! comes with a drawer to keep the cards in and a bag for the pieces. instead of a mindless video game he is thinking and problem solving." was this review helpful to you? (report abuse) click here to buy rush hour or click here to read more reviews information about pirates toob posted 2 days ago by christina l flannery rating: "i had bought a pirate ship for my son, but the accessories were too expensive, so i found the pirate toob and thought it was a great value. the figures are great and have nice detail. " was this review helpful to you? (report abuse) click here to buy pirates toob or click here to read more reviews product review of designer doggie posted 2 days ago rating: "my girls love this decorate your own puppy purse, complete with a fluffy white puppy-dog. the decorating portion was brief for my four year old but my six year old spent a lot more time designing/decorating the purse. this is their new "favorite" stuffed animal and they love to carry them in the purses. we've purchased two more as gifts!" was this review helpful to you? (report abuse) click here to buy designer doggie or click here to read more reviews fairy triad dome terrarium posted 2 days ago by ellen r grace rating: "perfect birthday present for little girls. pretty and educational." was this review helpful to you? (report abuse) click here to buy fairy triad dome terrarium or click here to read more reviews review of erector 3 model set posted 2 days ago by jerome switzer rating: "thank you, but i got it for xmas gift so i don't know yet . thank you " was this review helpful to you? (report abuse) click here to buy erector 3 model set or click here to read more reviews amazingly fun toy! posted 3 days ago by emilie.horne@gmail.com rating: "i know the age range says 2 and up, but i bought this for my 1 year old daughter, and she and our 3 year old son play with it all the time. from spinning in it, to pretending to be a turtle, to racing cars in it, to using it for a mixing bowl for cloth fruit. it's a silly looking thing... what is it really?... but they love it!" was this review helpful to you? (report abuse) click here to buy bilibo or click here to read more reviews product review of utopia brainteaser puzzle posted 3 days ago by mary downes rating: "this was a birthday gift for a 9 year old boy, who needed a little help figuring out how to play, but caught on easily. i was impressed with how much it is like sudoku, but with three-dimentional, colorful 'buildings' rather than math, which makes it much more engaging. i look forward to playing it with him (and myself) more. " 1 of 1 customers found this review helpful. was this review helpful to you? (report abuse) click here to buy utopia brainteaser puzzle or click here to read more reviews great for kids and adults posted 3 days ago rating: "i bought this for my cousin who is 10 and also for my husband as a desk toy. they both love it!" was this review helpful to you? (report abuse) click here to buy zecar flywheel car or click here to read more reviews my rating of find it games- bird watch posted 3 days ago by melissam moore rating: "excellent product, fun to use" was this review helpful to you? (report abuse) click here to buy find it games- bird watch or click here to read more reviews information about find it - sports edition posted 3 days ago by melissam moore rating: "again another find it fun edition of sports" was this review helpful to you? (report abuse) click here to buy find it - sports edition or click here to read more reviews my rating of find it - at the zoo edition posted 3 days ago by melissam moore rating: "fun game have played original version. this one is just as good for someone who loves birds would highly recomend" was this review helpful to you? (report abuse) click here to buy find it - at the zoo edition or click here to read more reviews review for see & spell posted 3 days ago by classroom teacher rating: " the children loved to play with this!! they were able to match the letters to the picture and read the word. " was this review helpful to you? (report abuse) click here to buy see & spell or click here to read more reviews awesome! posted 3 days ago by julie david rating: "i bought this for a gift because i bought this for my daughter for christmas last year and it is still a daily play toy for her. it is well made and it makes me feel good that it is recycled plastic. " was this review helpful to you? (report abuse) click here to buy tea set or click here to read more reviews "competitve creativity" posted 3 days ago by deborah jones rating: "my brother bought a set of these for my daughter several years ago; the set "lives" on our refrigerator and as the seasons/holidays change, the magnet design does as well. we've had christmas trees, rabbits, pumpkins and right now, a turkey! i decided to return the favor and bought 2 sets for my niece and nephew and am issuing a fun challange of "what can you create with your magnets?" i originally tried to purchase at my local (expensive!) toy store; the magnets were out of stock and when/if they did come in, they were going to be cost more. i am delighted to have found your site and will be back! thanks for great selections, service and fair prices. " was this review helpful to you? (report abuse) click here to buy magnetic color cubes or click here to read more reviews review of deluxe jumbo cardboard blocks 40 pcs posted 3 days ago rating: "i cannot review this product at this time as it is a christmas gift." was this review helpful to you? (report abuse) click here to buy deluxe jumbo cardboard blocks 40 pcs or click here to read more reviews a rating of flip to win bingo posted 3 days ago by deanne erickson rating: "my 5 year old son loves playing this in the car during long rides. it makes the car rides much more fun. " was this review helpful to you? (report abuse) click here to buy flip to win bingo or click here to read more reviews review for snap circuits 300-in-1 posted 3 days ago by cindey l broekemeier rating: "i've purchased this product in the past and it's been a hit with boys and girls, alike. i took my husband into the store with me because we were purchasing this gift for his niece's 10th birthday and i knew it would be a hit, but he was skeptical. he said, "isn't that a 'boy' toy?" and i assured him that girls love it, as well. he looked through every other product in the store and inevitably ended up trusting my judgement. my niece would not stop playing with the gift once she opened it. her father joined her and they spent an hour of the party playing together. once he left the toy, the kids at the party all joined in and they played with our niece for several hours putting the toy together and enjoyed it immensely. in the past, my son and other niece played with the toy incessantly for many months. it's a fantastic product. " was this review helpful to you? (report abuse) click here to buy snap circuits 300-in-1 or click here to read more reviews my rating of sturdy birdy posted 3 days ago by judy volm rating: "the game was too difficult for my 5 yr. old grandson. however, the parents loved it!" was this review helpful to you? (report abuse) click here to buy sturdy birdy or click here to read more reviews my rating of write on - wipe off multi-colored crayons posted 3 days ago by sarah i moline rating: "my son enjoys using the crayons to write on the mat" was this review helpful to you? (report abuse) click here to buy write on - wipe off multi-colored crayons or click here to read more reviews product review of alphabet write-a-mat posted 3 days ago by sarah i moline rating: "my son enjoys practicing writing his name and alphabet using the mat!" was this review helpful to you? (report abuse) click here to buy alphabet write-a-mat or click here to read more reviews product review of pizza party posted 3 days ago by sarah i moline rating: "the boy that i bought this for enjoys making pizza for his mommy!" was this review helpful to you? (report abuse) click here to buy pizza party or click here to read more reviews food groups set posted 3 days ago by sarah i moline rating: "the little boy that i bought this food groups set for loves it and plays with it all of the time!" was this review helpful to you? (report abuse) click here to buy food groups set or click here to read more reviews really cool posted 3 days ago by sherri ehlers rating: "this was given a platinum award by oppenheim toy portfolio. it's so unusual, and even adults will be fascinated by it." 1 of 1 customers found this review helpful. was this review helpful to you? (report abuse) click here to buy strobotop lightphase animator or click here to read more reviews a holiday favorite from parenting magazine posted 3 days ago by sherri ehlers rating: "this snake was listed as a top 2010 holiday gift by parenting magazine. what kid doesn't like scaring family members with a realistic, slithering snake?!" was this review helpful to you? (report abuse) click here to buy remote controlled rattlesnake or click here to read more reviews a lot of fun! posted 3 days ago by sherri ehlers rating: "this game is a great way to practice math skills while having a lot of fun! we really like this whole line of games!" was this review helpful to you? (report abuse) click here to buy number ninjas or click here to read more reviews award-winning game posted 3 days ago by sherri ehlers rating: "this game was given a platinum rating by oppenheim toy portfolio and also listed as a top gift by parenting magazine. with two endorsements like that, it's got to be good!" was this review helpful to you? (report abuse) click here to buy hide & eeek! or click here to read more reviews review for fairy fantasies toob posted 3 days ago by shawna l. manning rating: "my niece played with my present the most, so of course i like it. " was this review helpful to you? (report abuse) click here to buy fairy fantasies toob or click here to read more reviews a rating of little helper broom set posted 3 days ago rating: "purchased for our 3 year old grandson, recently adopted from a thai orphanage, where he apparently swept and mopped the floors daily as part of their regular chores there. as he adjusts to his new world here in the united states and a new language he feels very comfortable, at ease, and happy when he can get out his little broom and mop and "go to work!" he is truly an expert!! " was this review helpful to you? (report abuse) click here to buy little helper broom set or click here to read more reviews my rating of sturdy birdy posted 3 days ago rating: "this will be a christmas gift, we expect it to be a fun family game." was this review helpful to you? (report abuse) click here to buy sturdy birdy or click here to read more reviews my rating of mini mighty mind posted 3 days ago by kathleen shortridge rating: "great christmas present " was this review helpful to you? (report abuse) click here to buy mini mighty mind or click here to read more reviews purchaser posted 3 days ago by susan mason rating: "great colors, numerous ways to interact with toy/parent/child" was this review helpful to you? (report abuse) click here to buy inchimals or click here to read more reviews review for the learning calendar posted 3 days ago by lu polizzi rating: "another christmas gift. i know he will love it." was this review helpful to you? (report abuse) click here to buy the learning calendar or click here to read more reviews review for animalogic posted 3 days ago by lu polizzi rating: "my grandson has played this game with friends. likes it very much. i decided to purchase this game for him for christmas. thank you." was this review helpful to you? (report abuse) click here to buy animalogic or click here to read more reviews pet tornado posted 3 days ago by carolyn dorn rating: "i was going to give this as a gift for my 6 year old nephew but my friends will not stop playing with it." was this review helpful to you? (report abuse) click here to buy pet tornado or click here to read more reviews a rating of wedgits deluxe set posted 3 days ago by sandy d. rating: "the children in the class love wedgits and take them out to play with everyday. they love to see what different things they can build with them." was this review helpful to you? (report abuse) click here to buy wedgits deluxe set or click here to read more reviews information about remote controlled rattlesnake posted 3 days ago rating: "it's a christmas gift, not open yet" was this review helpful to you? (report abuse) click here to buy remote controlled rattlesnake or click here to read more reviews fairy toob posted 3 days ago by raina rating: "we're always pleased with safari ltd. figures. i was excited to find the fairy toob at fat brain toys. unfortunately, since the figures are handpainted, the particular toob i received wasn't up to par in the paint job, to no fault of fat brain. fat brain's customer service was excellent, as we've all come to expect, and promptly refunded our money. we do have the full size fairies and they are beautiful." was this review helpful to you? (report abuse) click here to buy fairy fantasies toob or click here to read more reviews adorable- sweet enough to cuddle & cute enough to decorate with posted 3 days ago by mackenzie warren rating: "i am only saying this because the baby is 2 weeks old!" was this review helpful to you? (report abuse) click here to buy stripes the long earred bunny or click here to read more reviews my rating of jeep wrangler unlimited posted 3 days ago by becca orend rating: "it's a christmas gift for a grandson, but i think it is fabulous!" was this review helpful to you? (report abuse) click here to buy jeep wrangler unlimited or click here to read more reviews information about safari (100 pcs) posted 3 days ago rating: "high quality puzzle - good interlocking pieces - very colorful - good design" was this review helpful to you? (report abuse) click here to buy safari (100 pcs) or click here to read more reviews a rating of hexbug robotic ant posted 3 days ago rating: "children like these at first then tend to lose interest" was this review helpful to you? (report abuse) click here to buy hexbug robotic ant or click here to read more reviews learning calendar posted 3 days ago rating: "both grandsons intrigued with this - spend time looking through it" was this review helpful to you? (report abuse) click here to buy the learning calendar or click here to read more reviews a hit!! posted 3 days ago by megan s rating: "this product was purchased for a 1 1/2 year old, he loves sitting in it and rocking back and forth! it is a simple design that has brought hours of fun and a challenges a little ones imagination. " was this review helpful to you? (report abuse) click here to buy bilibo or click here to read more reviews a rating of geomix posted 3 days ago by diane green rating: "beautifully made, very colorful, very flexible in use - can use within and without the frame" was this review helpful to you? (report abuse) click here to buy geomix or click here to read more reviews a rating of perplexus posted 3 days ago by diane green rating: "a little difficult to get started - but very engaging." was this review helpful to you? (report abuse) click here to buy perplexus or click here to read more reviews review of astrojax - saturn blue diamond posted 3 days ago rating: "a good toy for an 11 year old...is definitly holding his interest. like the physics of it. nice for there to still be a toy out there for to appeal to this age group." was this review helpful to you? (report abuse) click here to buy astrojax - saturn blue diamond or click here to read more reviews a rating of qwirkle posted 3 days ago by jessica houwers rating: "great toy for a 6yr old learning patterns and excited about having fun and learning!" was this review helpful to you? (report abuse) click here to buy qwirkle or click here to read more reviews my rating of go go auto rc - train posted 3 days ago by kaitlin raver rating: "great toy for a 2 year old! easy for him to operate. love the soft body of the train (instead of plastic)! perfect toy for a little one who is in to trains." was this review helpful to you? (report abuse) click here to buy go go auto rc - train or click here to read more reviews for even more toy reviews, pick a toy manufacturer below: abong acting out action products active people aeromax ag industries alex all new materials all things equal american innovative astrojax usa atomic sports automoblox company babalu balitono bananagrams basic fun bc usa bead bazaar beeposh be amazing be good company blazing productions bloco blongo family fun blue orange blutrack blythe jack bobles bonfit sport books by julia cook boon bounty hunter bowwowmeow brain noodles breyer breyer reeves international briarpatch brickadoo brickstructures bridge street toys brio corporation bruder bsw toys bucky balls buffalo games cadaco candy crate, inc can you imagine carson dellosa publishing company carson optical challenge fun channel craft chicco usa chronicle books citiblocs cloud b corolle cranium cranium crayola crazy bands crazy forts creations by you creative solutions creative whack creativity for kids crocodile creek curious toys c a scientific company daron deglingos design works, inc design your own dgl group diggin discovery bay games djubi dk publishing dm creations doublestar dowling magnets dream green duncan dunecraft dynatech d l company edc publishing usborne books educajohn hansen educational insights education outdoors, inc educo hape, inc edushape eeboo elc elenco electronics, inc emines erector meccano everest evolving toys ezyroller family games, inc family time fun fascinations fashion angels fat brain toys fat brain toy co feenixx publishing find it games flensted mobiles flybar folkmanis foxmind fractiles fred friends front porch classics fundex games funrise fun and function llc fun slides gamewright gamewrightceaco ganz garageco toys gayla kites geared for imagination geomag usa geomag usa newprojet sa geotoys geyser guys giantmicrobes global toy marketing gluckskafer googolplex games go fly a kite green board green rock entertainment green toys guidecraft gymnic haba harpercollins publishers hasbro hasbro games hasbro toys hi tec art hobbs dobbs hog wild hohner hq kites designs usa huck doll huntar h h global ikoso kits imagability, inc imagination imagiplay incrediline index.cfm industrial revolution infantino infinitoy, inc innovation first innovation first labs, inc innovative kids innovention toys insect lore integrated global solutions international playthings jaag jailbreak toys jakks pacific jax ltd john hinde joojoo jumping beandito jumpin banana just jump it kapla karito kids kaskey kids keva kidkraft kids preferred kid galaxy kid o kikkerland design klutz knex kubit2me kushies zolo language littles late for the sky learning carpets learning curve learning mates learning resources legendary games lego systems, inc leisure learning products, inc lindenwood little adventures little kids lubies rocket usa madame alexander made by humans magic forest magic mealtime magna tiles magnetic poetry magnif major steps, inc manhattan toy maple landmark, inc marky sparky mark my time mary meyer masterpieces puzzle company mattel mayfair games melissa doug midwest educational products mindtwister usa mindware miyim monkey business sports moonjar mudpuppy mudpuppy galison munchkin naef neat oh newsound kids newtech kites nikko america, inc nogglers noodle head noted nsi international nuop design odyssey toys ogosport ohio art orbis world globes orb factory outset media corp out of the box publishing pacific play tents pacific science pacimals papo parchmint patch products pdi pamela drake, inc peaceable kingdom press pel pencil grip penelope peapod phd productions piatnik of america pint size productions pixel blocks pkolino plan toys plasmart plastwood playability toys bill and bud playmobil playsam plushy feely poof slinky, inc premier kites pretty ugly prime time toys prince lionheart pumponator puremco games toys putumayo kids questmarc publishing q ba maze radio flyer, inc rainbowbrush rainbow products randomline ravensburger razor reeves international replogle globes, inc rex games rhino toys rhythm band instruments whacky music rich frog rio grande games rogers connection rokenbok royal brush roylco rsv productions sababa toys safari ltd sassafras enterprises, inc sassy saturnian i schleich schylling science whiz science wiz scientific explorer scientific explorer scientific explorer elmers products scratch art company set enterprises shapescapes shoe tying made simple shure silly bandz silver dolphin silver dolphin perseus books group simple memory art skip hop skullduggery skuut skydog kites small world toys smartlab sok o spinmaster spiraling hearts sprig toys spring swings spy alley partners stack stick peters group ltd steiff step2 company llc stephen joseph gift steps4kids strangeco strange collective streamline, inc strider sports intl successful kids summit swim ways tabletopics tailor made products talicor tangle tdc games tedco temple games thames kosmos the happy kid company the imaginative child the learning journey the little3 toy company the little experience the little little toy company the original toy company the piggy story thinkfun thinkgeek think a lot toys think of it three by three timeless toys tiny love usa tmi, inc tomy toobeez toymonster toysie toysmith toy youniverse tree blocks uberstix umbra uncle milton unitech toys unitech toys toysie universalmap university games usa pool toy mindwalk, inc us games systems verdes toy corp waba fun llc walter foster publishing wee gallery whacky music wham o, inc wholesale batteries wiggles 3d wikki stix wild planet entertainment, inc wild republic k m international winning moves wj fantasy woodman concept woodstock woodstock percussion workman publishing yackle yomega young scientists club zabazoo zebra mix zing toys zipfy zolo zometool home | shopping cart | help | privacy policy | return & exchanges | toy safety info shop by age | shop by price | best selling toys | special offers | new toys | coming soon | popular toy searches copyright © 2003-2010 fat brain toys llc. all rights reserved. fat brain toys® is a registered service mark of fat brain toys, llc fat brain toys offices 1405 n. 205th st., ste. 120 elkhorn, nebraska usa 68022 phone 1-800-590-5987 fat brain toys retail store 16909 burke street, suite 131 omaha, nebraska usa 68118 phone 402-504-6218 02