来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20111231011938/http://www.fatbraintoys.com/reviews/index.cfm
================================================================================

toy reviews by fat brain toys customers home > toy reviews click here for our exclusive listing of american-made toys... cart empty featured toys & games dado planks say uncle sturdy birdy schylling kid o klutz toy categories stocking stuffers active play arts & crafts baby toys bath toys books brainteasers building & construction classic & retro toys dolls & dollhouses early learning toys games gear & apparel gift certificates history & geography imaginative play kids furniture kites, planes & rockets magnets & magnetism music office & desk toys organic & green toys outdoor toys playroom furnishings plush puzzles rc & electronics room decor science & nature trains & vehicles travel toys wooden toys resources gift wizard toys for special needs toys for education american made toys toy safety information fat brain toy awards we accept: recent product reviews from fat brain toys customers annual gift posted today by susan bouachri rating: "my 10 year old son specifically requested this gift after receiving one last year. it hangs by his bed and often adds an interesting topic of discussion at bedtime. " was this review helpful to you? (report abuse) click here to buy the learning calendar or click here to read more reviews fun! posted today rating: "this is a great toy! my kids always play dodge ball when their cousins are in town. i saw this toy in the store and knew they would enjoy playing together when there isn't a crowd. my daughter is 6 and my son is 4 and they can play together to sharpen their dodge ball skills." was this review helpful to you? (report abuse) click here to buy dodge tag or click here to read more reviews cookies posted today rating: "nice toy. the kids love to decorate the cookies. " was this review helpful to you? (report abuse) click here to buy felt food - cookie decorating set or click here to read more reviews sandwich set posted today rating: "this is a very nice toy. my niece loves to play with food but has a problem with throwing things and so we get nervous about the plastic stuff. this is perfect. great toy" was this review helpful to you? (report abuse) click here to buy felt food - sandwich set or click here to read more reviews mini mighty mind posted today rating: "good toy. something different and a good challenge. it takes a little encouragement to get him to sit down and play with it but once he does he seems to enjoy it." was this review helpful to you? (report abuse) click here to buy mini mighty mind or click here to read more reviews house pets jumbo knob posted today rating: "this is a perfect toy. she had the one that was the shapes and got to the point where she could do it with out looking so we got her the animal one that was a little harder. she loves it and takes it all over the house. great toy and very well built. holds up will to all the chewing my daughter does when she is teething." was this review helpful to you? (report abuse) click here to buy house pets jumbo knob or click here to read more reviews my first brain quest posted today rating: "as our daughter gets a little old i know she will appreciate this toy more. right now she loves to look at the cards and the more we more on it the more she likes it. over all i think it is a good toy." was this review helpful to you? (report abuse) click here to buy my first brain quest or click here to read more reviews she loved it posted today by linda anderson rating: "my granddaughter loved this kit. it was a great complement to her favorite toy this year, her doll. she quickly started making assessories for her doll. she is a very creative 7 year old, so it was a great gift for her. it was the second kit of this kind that she has received in the last 6 months and she was thrilled to see it." was this review helpful to you? (report abuse) click here to buy my first sewing kit or click here to read more reviews pewi - red posted today rating: "this is a great toy. it is so easy for her to move around. she can change directions in seconds and get around corners with out running into things. it is also very well built and durable. we love this toy." was this review helpful to you? (report abuse) click here to buy pewi or click here to read more reviews palette player posted today by bea rating: "great game for a family of creative people with good attention spans and good lighting in the house! can be played around coffee table while other activities are going on. be prepared for some debate about matching. people don't see colors exactly the same way and some of the color swatch cards don't perfectly match the color wheels." was this review helpful to you? (report abuse) click here to buy palette or click here to read more reviews information about mightymind regular edition posted today by karen regin rating: "very cute. good quality" was this review helpful to you? (report abuse) click here to buy mightymind regular edition or click here to read more reviews wikki stix posted today by bea rating: "very versatile art/craft material. good pictures on packaging to inspire projects. quantity and variety of color are satisfying." was this review helpful to you? (report abuse) click here to buy wikki stix big count box or click here to read more reviews information about erector 20 model case posted today by christine adams rating: "this was a gift to my godson. he tells me he loves it and from a huge lego fan, that it a compliment. " was this review helpful to you? (report abuse) click here to buy erector 20 model case or click here to read more reviews very cute posted today by karen regin rating: "my 10 month old grandson love this!" was this review helpful to you? (report abuse) click here to buy sports bag fill & spill or click here to read more reviews kick flipper posted today by bea rating: "the board is maybe not of the highest quality, but is sturdy enough, so far. what makes the product good is the instruction video that comes with it, which is inspiring. my 4-yr-old grandson immediately wanted to try every trick they showed." was this review helpful to you? (report abuse) click here to buy yo baby kick flipper or click here to read more reviews product review of quadrilla twist and rail set posted today by karen regin rating: "this is a well-made set but a bit harder than it appears on the box. i would recommend for older children - 6 and up" was this review helpful to you? (report abuse) click here to buy quadrilla twist and rail set or click here to read more reviews great beginner toy posted today by karen regin rating: "we had to show our grandson how to assemble and take this a apart but he learned fast and he loves it. " was this review helpful to you? (report abuse) click here to buy automoblox c9 sports coupe - red or click here to read more reviews my rating of circa baseball posted today by angela decoursey rating: "so far we all like it! seems like it will be a toy that will hold their interest for a long time. i like the fact that it is wooden and not plastic as that will make it last longer, too." was this review helpful to you? (report abuse) click here to buy circa baseball or click here to read more reviews a rating of pioneer globe posted today by kathy nuding rating: "nice looking globe. recipient has wanted a globe for a long time and they are not inexpensive. " was this review helpful to you? (report abuse) click here to buy pioneer globe or click here to read more reviews great for the creative kiddo! posted today by shauna friez rating: "these are great. i bought them for my son, and he gets to be as creative as he wants to be. the guides that come with the toy are great as well." was this review helpful to you? (report abuse) click here to buy zoob 80 creator's kit or click here to read more reviews review for mini automoblox posted today by michelle elton rating: "great little cars for little hands. the fact that they can be interchangeable makes them more fun than matchbox cars." was this review helpful to you? (report abuse) click here to buy mini automoblox or click here to read more reviews product review of ultra stomp rocketâ® posted today by michelle elton rating: "i bought this as a family gift for christmas. my children are 3 and 1 but because this product is so easy to use they had a blast playing with it. at their age they can play with the stomp rocket inside and not hurt anything since they can't stomp super hard yet and we have high ceilings. christmas day was pretty warm here and they got to go outside and see what it could do when an adult used it as well, they loved that! this is a wonderful product and something that all ages can use and enjoy together!!!" was this review helpful to you? (report abuse) click here to buy ultra stomp rocketâ® or click here to read more reviews moon sand posted today by cynthia huber rating: "definately better than the origional sand that we played with growing up. less mess and more fun!" was this review helpful to you? (report abuse) click here to buy moon sand 5 lb. or click here to read more reviews product review of galt super marble run posted today by cynthia huber rating: "lots of fun. assembly is quite difficult though at first until design and stability schemes are understood. once first assembly is complete the scheme gets easier with time/ trial and error. the quality and ideal behind the obstacles keeps children intrigued and promoted mechanical learning." was this review helpful to you? (report abuse) click here to buy galt super marble run or click here to read more reviews review of mini automoblox combo pack 1 posted today by cynthia huber rating: "easy to assemble/dissassemble. inspires mechanical inginuity." was this review helpful to you? (report abuse) click here to buy mini automoblox combo pack 1 or click here to read more reviews review of dado cardboard bricks posted today by cynthia huber rating: "great design easily put together and inspires creativity and problem solving at young ages." was this review helpful to you? (report abuse) click here to buy dado cardboard bricks or click here to read more reviews a rating of stomp rocketâ® junior posted today by cynthia huber rating: "simple assembly, great design, perfect outdoor toy for children of all ages. rocket can be positioned so as a young kid can launch it or can be placed all the way on the hose so as an adult can launch it much higher. great toy!" was this review helpful to you? (report abuse) click here to buy stomp rocketâ® junior or click here to read more reviews my rating of techno gears - marble mania extreme posted today by antonia galan rating: "even though there are a lot of pieces- it really is easy to assemble. it works wonderfully. it was a great family experience to put it together. we bought it for an almost 3 year old and an almost 4 year old. they both love it and use it daily. " was this review helpful to you? (report abuse) click here to buy techno gears - marble mania extreme or click here to read more reviews fun right from the box posted today by beth wade rating: "single piece of flexible track made it easy to play with the minute my 4-yr old took it out of the box and it was easy to move through the house as he came up with new track "layout"ideas. we purchased ramp set with the track but ramps have not been used yet bc he is still experimenting w/ alternative track layouts using furniture, stairs, pots and pans, the dogs, etc. ramps will likely be more attractive to him as he develops better grasp of principles of speed and motion. that is great, bc the toy will likely "grow" with him, interest him for a few more years." was this review helpful to you? (report abuse) click here to buy blutrack - ramp set or click here to read more reviews my rating of qwirkle posted today by rita quick rating: "my 3 year old grandaughter loved this toy. she loves puzzles and she really liked the challenge of the cards. making the found shapes fit to create the final shape really interested her. " was this review helpful to you? (report abuse) click here to buy qwirkle or click here to read more reviews a rating of water symphony posted today by rita quick rating: "my grandaughters (1 and 3 yrs old) loved this toy! both of them can't wait for their bath so they can play with it again." was this review helpful to you? (report abuse) click here to buy water symphony or click here to read more reviews my rating of inchimals posted today by rita quick rating: "my grandaughter loved this toy! challenging and fun." was this review helpful to you? (report abuse) click here to buy inchimals or click here to read more reviews information about chomp and clack alligator push toy posted today by rita quick rating: "sturdy enough to provide balance and the confidence to take steps on his own. " was this review helpful to you? (report abuse) click here to buy chomp and clack alligator push toy or click here to read more reviews review of perplexus posted today by rita quick rating: "this toy was challenging enough to make him want to keep trying without frustrating him. " was this review helpful to you? (report abuse) click here to buy perplexus or click here to read more reviews manicure kit posted today by jessica despatie rating: "a great pastime for a little girl! she loves the way she can mix her own products, and she learns about cosmetic chemistry at the same time." was this review helpful to you? (report abuse) click here to buy magnificent manicure kit or click here to read more reviews my rating of physics workshop posted today by sandra normington rating: "building cars and robotic things stimulates the mind and involves imagination" was this review helpful to you? (report abuse) click here to buy physics workshop or click here to read more reviews mind blowing science posted today by jessica despatie rating: "a fun way to introduce science to younger kids. our 5 year old won't put it down, so we had to limit to 2 experiments a day! he loves the way the colors change and the fizzing, even if he doesn't completely understand the principles behind them. we were even able to include his 2 year old sister in the mixing, which was a plus. and a lot of the components can be found in the kitchen when the stocks are low." was this review helpful to you? (report abuse) click here to buy mind blowing science or click here to read more reviews my rating of seaside sidekicks squirters posted today by gail stamler rating: "really cute tub toys. the kids loved them. " was this review helpful to you? (report abuse) click here to buy seaside sidekicks squirters or click here to read more reviews product review of my first green toys - tugboat posted today by gail stamler rating: "nice tub toy. it pours beautifully, helps you wash hair and rinse off. well made." was this review helpful to you? (report abuse) click here to buy my first green toys - tugboat or click here to read more reviews big hit! posted today by gail stamler rating: "this was a huge hit with the grandkids who came to visit in new mexico from florida. i wanted something fun and cozy to make bedtime easy and this was the perfect thing. my daughter-in-law loved it but declined to take it home because she wanted to have this special item for the kids to come back to. my granddaughter and i sat in a dark closet one night letting the stars shine all over us and she laughed hysterically. it's a really nice toy and i recommend it highly." was this review helpful to you? (report abuse) click here to buy twilight turtle or click here to read more reviews klutz posted today by jessica despatie rating: "great book! we had as much fun reading the book as our 10 year old boy. there are a lot of funny tricks to try out, and a lot of things to cut out (like portable jokes!). " was this review helpful to you? (report abuse) click here to buy klutz the encyclopedia of immaturity or click here to read more reviews product review of butterfly garden posted today by brandi chammartin rating: "my kids played with this everyday last summer - which is why we bought another one for this year!" was this review helpful to you? (report abuse) click here to buy butterfly garden or click here to read more reviews a rating of ultra stomp rocketâ® posted today rating: "my grandson really enjoys his new stomp rocket, we first saw the stomp rocket at his physical therapist, and he liked it at first sight, so i had to get him one." was this review helpful to you? (report abuse) click here to buy ultra stomp rocketâ® or click here to read more reviews product review of jungle waterfall posted today rating: "it is a bathtoy- so only plays with it in the bath, but thoroughly enjoys it. she is only 11 months, but keeps her interest. took a few tries to get it to stick well on the wall tile, but once up securely, it stays." was this review helpful to you? (report abuse) click here to buy jungle waterfall or click here to read more reviews information about inchimals posted today by deb rating: "my 5 yr. old niece opened all her gifts and the immediately began playing with inchimals. she played with it all evening and continues to play with it daily. at first she needed adult assistance, then she played with it solo. great to and learning tool! " was this review helpful to you? (report abuse) click here to buy inchimals or click here to read more reviews great toy! posted today by sarah rating: "i bought this as a christmas present for my 5 year old nephew. not only did he love it, his sisters (ages 7 & 9) and my sons (ages 10 & 14) enjoyed it too." was this review helpful to you? (report abuse) click here to buy morphibian rover - 27 mhz or click here to read more reviews blue ugly doll posted today by wendy dewind rating: "my son won't put his down since he opened it. it seems to be made of good quality materials and easliy washed. i may buy another one for my daughter." was this review helpful to you? (report abuse) click here to buy uglydoll little uglys or click here to read more reviews writers remedy posted today by wendy dewind rating: "i ordered it for my adult husband and he loved it. however, it is not exactly appropriate for young children as many of the words are too sophisticated." was this review helpful to you? (report abuse) click here to buy magnetic poetry writer's remedy or click here to read more reviews great gift and even better learning toy! posted today by valerie thoman rating: "colorful, sturdy, and fun for the kids to use!" was this review helpful to you? (report abuse) click here to buy usa map sound puzzle or click here to read more reviews review of sparklz wind up gear box posted today rating: "sparkz was one of the most popular gifts given this year! it was appealing to 11 and 14 year old boys." was this review helpful to you? (report abuse) click here to buy sparklz wind up gear box or click here to read more reviews cranky wind up posted today rating: "the cranky windup was a hit! we own several other toys in this line and we play with them even a year later." was this review helpful to you? (report abuse) click here to buy cranky wind up or click here to read more reviews stomp rocketâ® junior posted today by parents of 5 rating: "we bought this for our 2 year old, knowing it would be fun for the whole family. we bought one several years ago, too, which was a lot of fun for all, adults included. as soon as we're done, we put this toy up so the two year old won't eat the rockets. " was this review helpful to you? (report abuse) click here to buy stomp rocketâ® junior or click here to read more reviews mini plasma posted today by parents of 5 rating: "we bought this for our 6 year old and he really thinks it is cool. his daddy explained to him how it works. seems durable. we are happy with this purchase." was this review helpful to you? (report abuse) click here to buy mini plasma or click here to read more reviews pacimals posted today by parents of 5 rating: "we bought the bunny pacimal for our 2 month old. she isn't quite old enough to hold it, but it won't be long. we like the fact that it is hard to lose this pacifier. both the stuffed toy and the pacifier can be washed seperately. " was this review helpful to you? (report abuse) click here to buy pacimals or click here to read more reviews steel safe with alarm posted today by parents of 5 rating: "this was purchased for our 8 year old so he could protect his important things from his younger siblings. he was very excited to receive this. it works well now, but we had to fix parts of the lock when he first used it in order to close the door all the way and to move the dial. now that it is fixed, we are happy with this purchase." was this review helpful to you? (report abuse) click here to buy steel safe with alarm or click here to read more reviews trucky 3 posted today by parents of 5 rating: "we bought this for our 2 year old. he loves to pile the pieces into the trucks and drive them around. his older brothers understand that it is a game and try to position the pieces the correct way, so this is a fun toy for several ages. it seem durable, too. we are happy with this purchase." was this review helpful to you? (report abuse) click here to buy trucky 3 or click here to read more reviews a rating of yo baby kick flipper posted today by virginia sink rating: "my 8 yr. old grandson is using it inside during inclement weather. my 10 yr. old also received one but has not shown much interest in it yet." was this review helpful to you? (report abuse) click here to buy yo baby kick flipper or click here to read more reviews had to have this! posted today by liza smith rating: "great fun for the listener and reader. will be a favorite. " was this review helpful to you? (report abuse) click here to buy tickle monster laughter kit or click here to read more reviews lago builders of tomorrow posted yesterday by vicki m rating: "she loved it. she was building asap. need a book with some directions on what to build." was this review helpful to you? (report abuse) click here to buy lego builders of tomorrow or click here to read more reviews hex rules posted yesterday by jane sarnoff rating: "i bought five of the reindeer hex -- one for each grandchild from 6 to 11 years of age -- as "extra" chanukah gifts. every one enjoyed the races, the crashes, the laughs. next year the adults get them too. (we have the bunny ear hex and now the reindeer -- how about some spring flower ones. or snow drops. or halloween hex.)" was this review helpful to you? (report abuse) click here to buy hexbug nano christmas ornament or click here to read more reviews we love melissa and doug posted yesterday by linnea ober rating: "melissa and doug puzzles are some of the highest quality puzzles around. very sturdy pieces. only drawback with these 48-piece puzzles is that it's difficult for my 4 and 6-year-old to get the pieces back in the box and get it closed. to be honest, it takes me a little time to shuffle them around to get them all to fit. minor drawback that clean-up time has to be a group job." was this review helpful to you? (report abuse) click here to buy underwater (48 pcs) or click here to read more reviews fun for me too posted yesterday by linnea rating: "i put this up in the kitchen window. every day we get to watch the rainbow track across the room. my kids are 6 and 4, so they're not quite at the age to manipulate it just yet, but i'm sure they will soon discover the fun that prisms can be." was this review helpful to you? (report abuse) click here to buy light crystal prism - 4.5 inches or click here to read more reviews red steppers for sisters posted yesterday by linnea rating: "the steppers are for my 6 and 4-year-old daughters. i didn't know if the 4-year-old would get much out of it right away, but she is using them like a champ! they both seemed to pick it up easily. i worried about them being too slippery for our wood floor, but there have been no mishaps. the best part is, if they trip or slip they just kind of hop off. " was this review helpful to you? (report abuse) click here to buy stepper or click here to read more reviews review of klutz tricky video - the complete guide to making movie magic posted yesterday by cc rating: "really haven't had a chance to play with this yet but the book does appear to teach some clever tricks of the camera. can't wait to try it." was this review helpful to you? (report abuse) click here to buy klutz tricky video - the complete guide to making movie magic or click here to read more reviews brainstring is fun posted yesterday by cc rating: "brainstring has been entertaining for a week now for all ages (>10). " was this review helpful to you? (report abuse) click here to buy brainstring advanced or click here to read more reviews best railroad set around! posted yesterday by emily gohn rating: "this is such a great set ... we gave it to our train-loving three year old, but all of the older members of the family have had a great time with it too. it has lots of very interesting pieces that make for lots of fun building tracks and playing with them afterwards. the cranes, bridges and train shed are all great favorites and they are well made so i expect they will last for a long time. this was completely compatible with our other wooden tracks and all of the various trains meant to go with them. i definitely recommend this as a great buy!" was this review helpful to you? (report abuse) click here to buy wooden railway set or click here to read more reviews even works for toddlers! posted yesterday by emily g. rating: "my three year old loves trains and had another whistle that was very hard for his small mouth to blow. this one has a great sound and is much easier for him to use." was this review helpful to you? (report abuse) click here to buy train whistle or click here to read more reviews a rating of brain quest grade 4 posted yesterday by the baron rating: "should get good use of it. hasn't opened it yet." was this review helpful to you? (report abuse) click here to buy brain quest grade 4 or click here to read more reviews brain food for thought posted yesterday by baron whitfield rating: "loved it last christmas got it again as gifts." was this review helpful to you? (report abuse) click here to buy brain food or click here to read more reviews review for tegu travel tote carrying case posted yesterday by the baron rating: "great case to hold tegu blocks." was this review helpful to you? (report abuse) click here to buy tegu travel tote carrying case or click here to read more reviews tegu cool posted yesterday by the baron rating: "as stated by our son...it cool because you can build anything. i never seen wood that has magnets." was this review helpful to you? (report abuse) click here to buy tegu 22 piece endeavor set or click here to read more reviews soon to tell... posted yesterday by baron whitfield rating: "our daughter is only 5 months but we got this so that by the time she turns 12 months she'll have something suitable for her development." was this review helpful to you? (report abuse) click here to buy tobbles or click here to read more reviews lots of fun for little one! posted yesterday rating: "my daughter grabs for this book every night when we sit down to read before bed. she's just learning her first numbers and this is a great tool for getting her to interact and count on her own. so far it's holding up extremely well and all the bubbles "pop" nicely!" was this review helpful to you? (report abuse) click here to buy poke-a-dot! 10 little monkeys or click here to read more reviews my daughter loves this! posted yesterday rating: "i was initially skeptical of how well this would work until i got the batteries in and gave it a try. the sounds are clear and easy to understand (and work for every letter)! my daughter loves puzzles and is just beginning to learn her abc's. this is a great tool that capitalizes on her interests and she's already saying more words in the one week after starting to play with it!" was this review helpful to you? (report abuse) click here to buy alphabet sound puzzle or click here to read more reviews a hit with 5 year old niece! posted yesterday by april maki rating: "we didn't get to see her open it/play with it but i heard that our niece said "oh this is my lucky day!" if you have a child interested in school related activities, this is a great toy!" was this review helpful to you? (report abuse) click here to buy ready, set, school or click here to read more reviews review for bucket top mountain train set posted yesterday by ellen meacham rating: "it's a wonderful little train set. the quality is very good. " was this review helpful to you? (report abuse) click here to buy bucket top mountain train set or click here to read more reviews information about metal detector with beep alert posted yesterday rating: "bought this for my nephew. was a big hit. the toy worked well at detecting toys hidden under a rug. although you have to play with the sensitivity adjustment to get good results. looking forward to bringing it to the beach in the spring. lots of fun." was this review helpful to you? (report abuse) click here to buy metal detector with beep alert or click here to read more reviews very good posted yesterday rating: "this product is wonderful. my nephew can't put it down! he is 6 years old and does need assistance. once we got him started he was able to work on his own asking for help occasionally. " was this review helpful to you? (report abuse) click here to buy engino engineering series - 20 models or click here to read more reviews my rating of teaching cash register posted yesterday by myrna stuart rating: "is a great learning tool for math and counting" was this review helpful to you? (report abuse) click here to buy teaching cash register or click here to read more reviews review for no stress chess posted yesterday by myrna stuart rating: "very easy for 6 yr old to learn - he is fasinated with it" was this review helpful to you? (report abuse) click here to buy no stress chess or click here to read more reviews don't have to wrap toys anymore posted yesterday by sugarmom rating: "i loved the design and the color. they are even reusable if we wanted to. we fit a lot in those bags under the christmas tree !" was this review helpful to you? (report abuse) click here to buy fat brain toys gift bag or click here to read more reviews good stamps posted yesterday by sugarmom rating: "our 5 y/o girl plays with this stamps and invents stories and pictures." was this review helpful to you? (report abuse) click here to buy princess wooden stamp set or click here to read more reviews great stamps posted yesterday by sugarmom rating: "great for our 5 y/o girl" was this review helpful to you? (report abuse) click here to buy aladine stamps - princess or click here to read more reviews good toy posted yesterday by sugarmom rating: "we bought this toy for our 5 y/o daughter and she loves it. she makes up stories with the other fairies she got at the same time and pretends to be in a fairy garden. when her friends come over, they play along very well. the face of the figurine is not as i thought it would be but my daughter doesn't care. it is colorful enough for her to play and she enjoys it very much." was this review helpful to you? (report abuse) click here to buy flower fairies or click here to read more reviews safe darts and hours of play posted yesterday by sugarmom rating: "we bought this for our 5 and 7 y/o children. this is an indoor toy as the back is made of cardboard. so it is great that the darts are magnetic. the children play easily with it for hours and we hear a lot of giggling. i thought it would be too competitive but they found a way to cooperate and have fun together. it helps with the counting of the points, also !" was this review helpful to you? (report abuse) click here to buy doinkit darts or click here to read more reviews they love it ! posted yesterday by sugarmom rating: "my children age 5 and 7 fight to play with this toy. at first, i regretted not buying two of those but then they they found a way to bounce on the ball together and it is so cute, i am relieved. i had a hard time finding out how to inflate the ball though." was this review helpful to you? (report abuse) click here to buy 22 inch hop ball or click here to read more reviews fascinating posted yesterday by lillian pluta rating: "this is a fascinating toy with a lot of possibilities. it's fun to take apart and explore all the possible configurations. it was bought for my fifteen year old son, but other members of the family and visitors are enjoying it. i'm planning on buying a second one. this also makes a good fidgit for kids with adhd or other special needs." was this review helpful to you? (report abuse) click here to buy roger von oech's ball of whacks or click here to read more reviews great toy posted yesterday by laetitia cabrol rating: "we bought this set for a boy age 7, but our daughter who is 5 plays with it also. it is strong and develops creativity and engineering. i love to see their faces when they finally finish their design and throw the first marble ! this toy keeps them busy and quiet for a long time and they can work as a team on a project. i am afraid that they lose a piece, though, as some designs have the exact number of pieces and won't work if we loose one. " was this review helpful to you? (report abuse) click here to buy quadrilla rail set plus or click here to read more reviews love it! posted yesterday by chris the mom rating: "my son is 18 months and received this from santa. he loves stacking it up, knocking it over, and then chasing all the pieces around to do it again. my daughter, who is four and a half, loves that she can make the tower "bend" sideways and still build up. also, it's fantstic to pack, as the pieces can be fit into a suitcase or diaper bag any which way." was this review helpful to you? (report abuse) click here to buy tobbles or click here to read more reviews product review of tinkertoy classic jumbo set posted yesterday by laetitia cabrol rating: "we ordered this set to complete another one we bought a while back. now that we have two sets, the children (boy 7, girl 5) can really build a lot of stuff. it is well made mostly out of wood, and it develops their creativity so much that i regret not to have bought it before." was this review helpful to you? (report abuse) click here to buy tinkertoy classic jumbo set or click here to read more reviews reptangles posted yesterday by parents of 5 rating: "we bought reptangles for our son who is about to turn 5. this age is probably the youngest you would want to buy them for because the turtles are a little bit difficult to snap together. he, his 6 year old brother, 8 year old brother, and even mom and dad have had a good time playing with them, finding new ways to put them together and arranging the colors in different paterns. they have also been played with in other ways, like make believe soldiers. the box they come packaged in is sturdy and so the turles are stored in it. this toy isn't one that is played with non-stop, but well liked. we put it up in our toy closet and pull down every two or three days. we also have taken them places where he needs to sit quietly for a bit, such as daddy's office. our two year old has shown no interest in them." was this review helpful to you? (report abuse) click here to buy reptangles or click here to read more reviews product review of zingo! posted yesterday by lori n rating: "the game is fast-paced, and my kids love the "zinger". the only drawback is that there are only six cards...it would be great to have more variety there." was this review helpful to you? (report abuse) click here to buy zingo! or click here to read more reviews mesmerizing! posted yesterday by annie n. rating: "our 5 and a half month old loves to grip the taut bands that hold this together. she puts the wooded beads on the ends in her mouth. she shakes the skwish to hear the beads rattle when they slide. i turn it over in my hand and stretch it and collapse it while she watches, mesmerized. she also likes to throw the skwish for some reason. it is definitely her favorite christmas gift!" was this review helpful to you? (report abuse) click here to buy skwish classic or click here to read more reviews great for an infant to grow into posted yesterday by annie n. rating: "my five and a half month old daughter needs some help playing with this toy, but the bright colors and different shapes are very interesting to her. right now, this is a toy that we show her. we take it apart and show her each part and make stacks of all the different colorful shapes from each stack. she reaches and grabs and knocks them down. when we make stacks of different sizes and combos and then switch them around, that really seems to get her attention. but, it'll be a little while before she starts to play with this on her own. i think this will be a long lasting toy for her and our other future kids. it does offer a lot more interaction than a typical stacker. (however, the blocks do have slight dings and there are very minor imperfections in the wood.)" was this review helpful to you? (report abuse) click here to buy geometric stacker or click here to read more reviews grandson loved it. posted yesterday by carol saghir rating: "he is a little over 2 1/2, so needed a little help at first, but he loves to do things himself. his mother said he wanted it and he loves it. most toys are opened and set aside during opening of presents. this one was played with right then." was this review helpful to you? (report abuse) click here to buy design & drill activity center or click here to read more reviews daughter enjoys fashion angels sketch book posted yesterday by c culp rating: "we had seen this book at a book fair and waited to purchase it. when we tried to find it later it was hard to find. fatbrain was the only place we found it that was clear and easy to order from. these sketch books are currently one of our 8 yr old daughter's favorite toys. it is great for take along. the only draw back would be the stencils having to be put back in the book , but even that is not too difficult." was this review helpful to you? (report abuse) click here to buy fashion design sketch portfolio - interior design or click here to read more reviews review of sturdy birdy posted yesterday by susanne schmidt rating: "this is an excellent game of motor skills, counting, social play for my three year old daughter! she asks to play it all the time. great way to interact with your child and have fun together. " was this review helpful to you? (report abuse) click here to buy sturdy birdy or click here to read more reviews product review of crochet art posted yesterday by kari marbury rating: "great starter kit for my 10 year old daughter" was this review helpful to you? (report abuse) click here to buy crochet art or click here to read more reviews product review of playmobil click & go speedboat posted yesterday by kari marbury rating: "our son was thrilled with this boat...he played with with it all morning! he especially likes that you can clip it to his belt..." was this review helpful to you? (report abuse) click here to buy playmobil click & go speedboat or click here to read more reviews a rating of nano elevation habitat set posted yesterday by judy brestensky rating: "i was happy to find these available on your site. three grandsons, ages 8, 9 & 10, loved these hex bug sets on christmas. they constructed 3 different "habitats" and were engrossed for hours. very creative and imaginative toy. shipping was reasonably priced and delivery in just a few days." was this review helpful to you? (report abuse) click here to buy nano elevation habitat set or click here to read more reviews for even more toy reviews, pick a toy manufacturer below: abong acting out action products active people aeromax ag industries alex all new materials all things equal american innovative astrojax usa atomic sports automoblox company babalu balitono bananagrams basic fun bc usa bead bazaar beeposh be amazing be good company blazing productions bloco blongo family fun blue orange blutrack blythe jack bobles bonfit sport books by julia cook boon bounty hunter bowwowmeow brain noodles breyer breyer reeves international briarpatch brickadoo brickstructures bridge street toys brio corporation bruder bsw toys bucky balls buffalo games cadaco candy crate, inc can you imagine carson dellosa publishing company carson optical challenge fun channel craft chicco usa chronicle books citiblocs cloud b corolle cranium cranium crayola crazy bands crazy forts creations by you creative solutions creative whack creativity for kids crocodile creek curious toys c a scientific company daron deglingos design works, inc design your own dgl group diggin discovery bay games djubi dk publishing dm creations doublestar dowling magnets dream green duncan dunecraft dynatech d l company edc publishing usborne books educajohn hansen educational insights education outdoors, inc educo hape, inc edushape eeboo elc elenco electronics, inc emines erector meccano everest evolving toys ezyroller family games, inc family time fun fascinations fashion angels fat brain toys fat brain toy co feenixx publishing find it games flensted mobiles flybar folkmanis foxmind fractiles fred friends front porch classics fundex games funrise fun and function llc fun slides gamewright gamewrightceaco ganz garageco toys gayla kites geared for imagination geomag usa geomag usa newprojet sa geotoys geyser guys giantmicrobes global toy marketing gluckskafer googolplex games go fly a kite green board green rock entertainment green toys guidecraft gymnic haba harpercollins publishers hasbro hasbro games hasbro toys hi tec art hobbs dobbs hog wild hohner hq kites designs usa huck doll huntar h h global ikoso kits imagability, inc imagination imagiplay incrediline index.cfm industrial revolution infantino infinitoy, inc innovation first innovation first labs, inc innovative kids innovention toys insect lore integrated global solutions international playthings jaag jailbreak toys jakks pacific jax ltd john hinde joojoo jumping beandito jumpin banana just jump it kapla karito kids kaskey kids keva kidkraft kids preferred kid galaxy kid o kikkerland design klutz knex kubit2me kushies zolo language littles late for the sky learning carpets learning curve learning mates learning resources legendary games lego systems, inc leisure learning products, inc lindenwood little adventures little kids lubies rocket usa madame alexander made by humans magic forest magic mealtime magna tiles magnetic poetry magnif major steps, inc manhattan toy maple landmark, inc marky sparky mark my time mary meyer masterpieces puzzle company mattel mayfair games melissa doug midwest educational products mindtwister usa mindware miyim monkey business sports moonjar mudpuppy mudpuppy galison munchkin naef neat oh newsound kids newtech kites nikko america, inc nogglers noodle head noted nsi international nuop design odyssey toys ogosport ohio art orbis world globes orb factory outset media corp out of the box publishing pacific play tents pacific science pacimals papo parchmint patch products pdi pamela drake, inc peaceable kingdom press pel pencil grip penelope peapod phd productions piatnik of america pint size productions pixel blocks pkolino plan toys plasmart plastwood playability toys bill and bud playmobil playsam plushy feely poof slinky, inc premier kites pretty ugly prime time toys prince lionheart pumponator puremco games toys putumayo kids questmarc publishing q ba maze radio flyer, inc rainbowbrush rainbow products randomline ravensburger razor reeves international replogle globes, inc rex games rhino toys rhythm band instruments whacky music rich frog rio grande games rogers connection rokenbok royal brush roylco rsv productions sababa toys safari ltd sassafras enterprises, inc sassy saturnian i schleich schylling science whiz science wiz scientific explorer scientific explorer scientific explorer elmers products scratch art company set enterprises shapescapes shoe tying made simple shure silly bandz silver dolphin silver dolphin perseus books group simple memory art skip hop skullduggery skuut skydog kites small world toys smartlab sok o spinmaster spiraling hearts sprig toys spring swings spy alley partners stack stick peters group ltd steiff step2 company llc stephen joseph gift steps4kids strangeco strange collective streamline, inc strider sports intl successful kids summit swim ways tabletopics tailor made products talicor tangle tdc games tedco temple games thames kosmos the happy kid company the imaginative child the learning journey the little3 toy company the little experience the little little toy company the original toy company the piggy story thinkfun thinkgeek think a lot toys think of it three by three timeless toys tiny love usa tmi, inc tomy toobeez toymonster toysie toysmith toy youniverse tree blocks uberstix umbra uncle milton unitech toys unitech toys toysie universalmap university games usa pool toy mindwalk, inc us games systems verdes toy corp waba fun llc walter foster publishing wee gallery whacky music wham o, inc wholesale batteries wiggles 3d wikki stix wild planet entertainment, inc wild republic k m international winning moves wj fantasy woodman concept woodstock woodstock percussion workman publishing yackle yomega young scientists club zabazoo zebra mix zing toys zipfy zolo zometool home | shopping cart | help | privacy policy | return & exchanges | toy safety info shop by age | birthday gifts | best selling toys | special offers | new toys | coming soon | popular toy searches copyright © 2003-2012 fat brain toys llc. all rights reserved. fat brain toys® is a registered service mark of fat brain toys, llc fat brain toys offices 1405 n. 205th st., ste. 120 elkhorn, nebraska usa 68022 phone 1-800-590-5987 fat brain toys retail store 16909 burke street, suite 131 omaha, nebraska usa 68118 phone 402-504-6218 01