来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20121219110302/http://www.fatbraintoys.com/reviews/index.cfm
================================================================================

toy reviews by fat brain toys customers home > toy reviews give the gift of choice...fat brain toys gift certificates! cart empty featured toys & games american made toys lincoln logs twig brain food chalktrail - new! rush hour say uncle sturdy birdy playmobil manhattan toy alex toys toy categories stocking stuffers active play arts & crafts baby toys & gifts bath toys books brainteasers building & construction classic & retro toys dolls & dollhouses early learning toys games gear & apparel gift certificates history & geography imaginative play kids furniture kites, planes & rockets magnets & magnetism music office & desk toys organic & green toys outdoor toys playroom furnishings plush puzzles rc & electronics room decor science & nature trains & vehicles travel toys wooden toys resources holiday shipping info gift wizard toys for special needs toys for education toy safety information fat brain toy awards we accept: sure! there's still plenty of time to get it there for christmas! click here for more info... recent product reviews from fat brain toys customers stomp rocket posted today by heidi allis rating: "my son loves rockets. plays with it any chance he get." was this review helpful to you? (report abuse) click here to buy stomp rocketâ® junior or click here to read more reviews information about boogie board lcd writing tablets posted today by elsa graff rating: "such a great toy!!! my daughter has been using t all the time. super light and great quality. perfect for car rides." was this review helpful to you? (report abuse) click here to buy boogie board lcd writing tablets or click here to read more reviews information about ultra stomp rocketâ® posted today by elsa graff rating: "awesome toy!!! so easy to put together and the kids play with it all the time." was this review helpful to you? (report abuse) click here to buy ultra stomp rocketâ® or click here to read more reviews review for slice and bake cookie set posted today by elsa graff rating: "great qualitiy toy. my daugther loves it and plays with it all the time. the container is great so you can keep all the pieces together. " was this review helpful to you? (report abuse) click here to buy slice and bake cookie set or click here to read more reviews a rating of chalktrailâ® posted today by david markovchick rating: "don't know how it will work it is a christmas gift for my grandchild who won't see it until christmas day. it was shipped to hisssaddrea" was this review helpful to you? (report abuse) click here to buy chalktrailâ® or click here to read more reviews product review of scientific explorer disgusting science posted today by tonya n frye rating: "this is a christmas gift." was this review helpful to you? (report abuse) click here to buy scientific explorer disgusting science or click here to read more reviews yikers posted today rating: "i couldn't wait until christmas to play this magnet game so i bought one for my classroom. two games are wrapped and waiting for christmas. the other game is in high demand during my seventh-graders' homeroom time. the game accommodates four players easily with just as many friends cheering them on. i would like to have several more of the games. " was this review helpful to you? (report abuse) click here to buy perplexus - epic or click here to read more reviews yikers posted today rating: "i couldn't wait until christmas to play this magnet game so i bought one for my classroom. two games are wrapped and waiting for christmas. the other game is in high demand during my seventh-graders' homeroom time. the game accommodates four players easily with just as many friends cheering them on. i would like to have several more of the games. " was this review helpful to you? (report abuse) click here to buy perplexus - epic or click here to read more reviews review of solitaire chess posted today rating: "dec. birthday present --- 8 yr. old grandson and brother --- really like to play with it --- relief from computer games.i" was this review helpful to you? (report abuse) click here to buy solitaire chess or click here to read more reviews high quality posted today by jennifer martin rating: "great sturdy materials! vibrant colors! i only wish that the letters had small knobs on them to get the pieces in and out easier. " was this review helpful to you? (report abuse) click here to buy personalized name puzzle or click here to read more reviews information about bilibo posted today by dana rating: "he is 7 and he loved it he has adhd and uses it constantly" was this review helpful to you? (report abuse) click here to buy bilibo or click here to read more reviews review of robot invasion posted today by beth paskar rating: "we love robot invasion! our son received it for hanukkah and opened it immediately! he was very proud that he could follow the instructions and build 2 of the robots with only a couple verbal cues. he went to bed that night with them on his bedside table. the next morning our early bird of 5 years, started working on a third before my husband and i were even out of bed!" was this review helpful to you? (report abuse) click here to buy robot invasion or click here to read more reviews review of crystal growing trees posted today by tonia parker rating: "we have really enoyed watching the trees grow snow. included are five trees!" was this review helpful to you? (report abuse) click here to buy crystal growing trees or click here to read more reviews my rating of the lego ideas book posted today by tonia parker rating: "no directions to build, just photos of creations. (note from fat brain toys: the lego ideas book is filled with photos for creative inspiration. step-by-step instructions are not included. step into the returns & exchanges center if any product is not as you'd imagined. we assisted our customer promptly.)" was this review helpful to you? (report abuse) click here to buy the lego ideas book or click here to read more reviews a rating of nature's fire volcano posted today by john elwood rating: "it will be a christmas gift so i don't have any idea how much it will be liked. it was high the the wish list." was this review helpful to you? (report abuse) click here to buy nature's fire volcano or click here to read more reviews inflatable dinosaurs posted today by pamela k. bazzi rating: "my nephew loves them!! so durable, the air doesn't go out of them at all." was this review helpful to you? (report abuse) click here to buy inflatable t-rex - 37 inch or click here to read more reviews great fun learning toy posted today by sarah k laddusaw rating: "we gave this as a gift for a 7 year old boy. according to his mom, it has become his favorite "toy". he took it to school when he was the star of the week and all the kids thought it was really cool. we purchased the same set for our 7 year old daughter for the holidays. i'm sure she and her younger brother will really like it. " was this review helpful to you? (report abuse) click here to buy snap circuits jr. or click here to read more reviews rush hour posted today by katherine n henry rating: "this game is great for problem solving and my son loves it!" was this review helpful to you? (report abuse) click here to buy rush hour or click here to read more reviews so cute! posted today by sarah ehlers rating: "this puzzle is adorable yet very complicated! i can't wait to see it all done!" was this review helpful to you? (report abuse) click here to buy giraffe mother's kiss 1000 piece puzzle or click here to read more reviews information about ultra stomp rocketâ® posted today by emily shull rating: "its a christmas present--won't know until he gets it" was this review helpful to you? (report abuse) click here to buy ultra stomp rocketâ® or click here to read more reviews review of kimochis mixed feelings posted today by s&j offord rating: "it is an inventive way to share immediate feelings. " was this review helpful to you? (report abuse) click here to buy kimochis mixed feelings or click here to read more reviews review for kimochis mixed feelings posted today by s&j offord rating: "i think it is a wonderful tool to help children and parents better express themselves. " was this review helpful to you? (report abuse) click here to buy kimochis mixed feelings or click here to read more reviews a rating of snap circuits 300-in-1 posted today rating: "this is a gift that hasn't been given yet, but the product seems to be of high quailty." was this review helpful to you? (report abuse) click here to buy snap circuits 300-in-1 or click here to read more reviews just fun to play with. posted today rating: "my grandson loves it." 1 of 1 customers found this review helpful. was this review helpful to you? (report abuse) click here to buy stepper or click here to read more reviews my rating of stepper posted today rating: "my grandson loves it." 1 of 1 customers found this review helpful. was this review helpful to you? (report abuse) click here to buy stepper or click here to read more reviews i spy posted today by patricia fry rating: "i can't really rate it yet because this is a gift. so when it is actually opened and played with i can't really tell you anything." was this review helpful to you? (report abuse) click here to buy i spy preschool game or click here to read more reviews animalogic - fun and challenging posted today by suzie lucken rating: "my 6-yr old niece opened this and it was intuitive to start playing with right away, but also challenging enough to keep her intrigued... when her 8-yr old sister jumped in to help, they had fun figuring some of the puzzles out together! (with a few peeks at the answers)" 1 of 1 customers found this review helpful. was this review helpful to you? (report abuse) click here to buy animalogic or click here to read more reviews big boggle posted today by tiffany griesbach rating: "love the original boggle, this twice the fun!" was this review helpful to you? (report abuse) click here to buy big boggle or click here to read more reviews my rating of uncle wiggily posted today by geraldine amlott rating: "i use to play this game when i was a little girl so i thought that my grandson who is 4 would like it. i got it for him for christmas and he has not seen it yet, but i think he will like it and play with it frequently. thank you, gerri" was this review helpful to you? (report abuse) click here to buy uncle wiggily or click here to read more reviews personalized name puzzle posted today rating: "i purchased this toy just to familiarize a 2 year old with the looks of her name in print. it wasn't to be played with! it came in 3 days and is of excellent quality and workmanship!" was this review helpful to you? (report abuse) click here to buy personalized name puzzle or click here to read more reviews tobbles posted yesterday by lois monroe rating: "a lot of fun for my 9 month old grandson. it is very colorful with edges that he can hold onto and stack together easily. great chanukah gift." was this review helpful to you? (report abuse) click here to buy tobbles neo or click here to read more reviews wooden name puzzle posted yesterday by mary beth m. rating: "the puzzles are made well and not only could be used as a toy, but look nicely displayed. i am giving it to my 23 month old niece but my 20 month old enjoys playing with it also. i am very satisfied with the gift. i was also very impressed with how quickly the item was shipped." was this review helpful to you? (report abuse) click here to buy personalized name puzzle or click here to read more reviews geo stacker posted yesterday rating: "child loves the bright colors and is slowly learning to classify the different shapes. i love how he is able to build on his knowledge with such a simple toy!!" was this review helpful to you? (report abuse) click here to buy geometric stacker or click here to read more reviews personalized name puzzle posted yesterday by rebecca irwin rating: "love it! it is a great way for my son to get familiar with the letters in his name." was this review helpful to you? (report abuse) click here to buy personalized name puzzle or click here to read more reviews my rating of whizz down mountain posted yesterday by joan calvert rating: "as with the rocket, we have not unpacked this because it is a christmas gift for our grandson." was this review helpful to you? (report abuse) click here to buy whizz down mountain or click here to read more reviews information about lift off rocket posted yesterday rating: "we have not unpacked the rocket as yet because it is a christmas gift for our grandson." was this review helpful to you? (report abuse) click here to buy lift off rocket or click here to read more reviews product review of fat brain toys digital gift certificate posted yesterday by andi willensky rating: "difficult to evaluate since i purchased a gift certificate! however, i'm sure the recipient will be most delighted to come into the store and pick out many wonderful, educational toys!" was this review helpful to you? (report abuse) click here to buy fat brain toys digital gift certificate or click here to read more reviews malinda posted yesterday rating: "the personalized puzzle is the perfect gift. i received it within 48 hours. " was this review helpful to you? (report abuse) click here to buy personalized name puzzle or click here to read more reviews my rating of see & spell posted yesterday by jean enyeart rating: "christmas gift to grandchild. it hasn't been opened yet." was this review helpful to you? (report abuse) click here to buy see & spell or click here to read more reviews review for see & spell posted yesterday by jean enyeart rating: "christmas gifts to grandchild. it hasn't been opened yet." was this review helpful to you? (report abuse) click here to buy see & spell or click here to read more reviews great item posted yesterday by russell pospech rating: "my daughter loves the color themes and is making her want to be an art teacher. she takes it everywhere and colors great on road trips." was this review helpful to you? (report abuse) click here to buy geodesigns - color book or click here to read more reviews big projects ahead posted yesterday by carol stauff rating: "i can't actually review it until our grandsons open it up for christmas. i'm sure that they will get many hours of creating superstructures." was this review helpful to you? (report abuse) click here to buy quadrilla twist and rail set or click here to read more reviews review of klutz the encyclopedia of immaturity posted yesterday by jo platt rating: "loved the variety of topics and way the book was layed out. very eye catching." was this review helpful to you? (report abuse) click here to buy klutz the encyclopedia of immaturity or click here to read more reviews information about perplexus - epic posted yesterday by cathy sewell rating: "this was bought as a gift for my nephew after reading a review about toys for brainy kids, but i had a hard time putting it down just to wrap it and give it to him! i think i might need one for myself..." was this review helpful to you? (report abuse) click here to buy perplexus - epic or click here to read more reviews we love magna tiles! posted yesterday by kate veiner rating: "this is our third set. our kids (6, 4, 2) love them! " was this review helpful to you? (report abuse) click here to buy magna-tiles standard 100 pc set or click here to read more reviews my rating of jump rocket launcher posted yesterday rating: "as it is a christmas present, it hasn't been played with yet." was this review helpful to you? (report abuse) click here to buy jump rocket launcher or click here to read more reviews quadrilla rail set posted yesterday by yevgeniy levin rating: "quadrilla rail set is a well built set. it's a good addition to other quadrilla sets. my son plays with it almost every day. you can start following provided instructions at first, then use your imagination to build your own marble runs." was this review helpful to you? (report abuse) click here to buy quadrilla rail set or click here to read more reviews product review of ultra stomp rocketâ® posted yesterday by deborah scherrer rating: "we have used these stomp rockets in our various science events for kids. they love them!!!! always one of the most popular activities. from these, we migrate the kids up through water bottle rockets, then air rockets. these are a great place to start!" was this review helpful to you? (report abuse) click here to buy ultra stomp rocketâ® or click here to read more reviews review of string thing posted yesterday rating: "i bought this product hoping it could be used to demonstrate wave motions for family science events. it is not really suitable for demonstrating wave motions. hence it is not very valuable to us. kids might enjoy playing with it, but there is no teaching value, at least not related to waves. (note from fat brain toys: if you don't experience waves of fun with your purchase, visit our returns & exchanges center. we're always in motion to serve you well.)" was this review helpful to you? (report abuse) click here to buy string thing or click here to read more reviews review for personalized name puzzle posted yesterday by l. hope rating: "great quality and super fast shipping! " was this review helpful to you? (report abuse) click here to buy personalized name puzzle or click here to read more reviews review for mozart magic cube posted yesterday by diana lyon rating: "music is pleasing to the child..show interest in pushing multiple sides." was this review helpful to you? (report abuse) click here to buy mozart magic cube or click here to read more reviews information about reptangles posted yesterday by diana lyon rating: "very satisfied with this product. child used it in many different ways...building, pretend play, counting....." was this review helpful to you? (report abuse) click here to buy reptangles or click here to read more reviews review for feed the kitty posted yesterday by amy jo fournier rating: "it is a christmas gift so it hasn't been opened yet" was this review helpful to you? (report abuse) click here to buy feed the kitty or click here to read more reviews review posted yesterday by kenneth deja rating: "fun game, we enjoy playing it with our daughter." was this review helpful to you? (report abuse) click here to buy acuity or click here to read more reviews my 7 yr old loves it posted yesterday by russell pospech rating: "my oldest daughter loves this coloring book. she loves that she has to follow directions. great for helping with coloring in the lines as well. " was this review helpful to you? (report abuse) click here to buy geodesigns - color book or click here to read more reviews love the learning calendar! posted yesterday by katie oxford rating: "we get the learning calendar every year, and while we don't look at it every day, some days we sit down for hours and read through it. i can't wait to see all the 'gross' things my kids will learn this year. it's a fun way to review history, engage in the world, society and politics, and enhance their view of human ingenuity." was this review helpful to you? (report abuse) click here to buy the learning calendar or click here to read more reviews shark puzzle posted yesterday by terri tomlinson rating: "colorful and sturdy." was this review helpful to you? (report abuse) click here to buy shark (100 pcs) or click here to read more reviews she loves it! posted yesterday by lois monroe rating: "i brought this toy for my granddaughter who is 8 months old and another tobbles neo for my grandson who is 10 months old. i have seen my granddaughter play with it and she loves it. she puhes it over and reaches to gather it up feeling the unequal edges of each piece. she can stack them, also. her older sister plays with them also and she is going to be 4 years old. the colorful pieces keep my youngest granddaughters attention. i am glad i brought it for my grandchildren. good chanukah gift!" was this review helpful to you? (report abuse) click here to buy tobbles neo or click here to read more reviews magna-tiles posted yesterday rating: "product is well-made. my 4yr old enjoy building things with the magna-tiles. they provide hours of fun. " was this review helpful to you? (report abuse) click here to buy magna-tiles standard 100 pc set or click here to read more reviews love it! posted yesterday by cynthia schonlau rating: "im 44 and i love this-- my 5 year old does too." was this review helpful to you? (report abuse) click here to buy mustaches or click here to read more reviews fun to watch posted yesterday by cynthia schonlau rating: "fun to watch-- gives ideas." was this review helpful to you? (report abuse) click here to buy hexbug robotic spider or click here to read more reviews a rating of extreme dot to dot book posted yesterday by cathy boswell rating: "awsome" was this review helpful to you? (report abuse) click here to buy extreme dot to dot book or click here to read more reviews review of the learning calendar posted yesterday by cathy boswell rating: "fun and educational, very gross " was this review helpful to you? (report abuse) click here to buy the learning calendar or click here to read more reviews let's have fun! posted yesterday by marie drape rating: "i purchased this toy months ago for my 3 year old granddaughter, she opened it (via skype so i could share) and set it up and went right to work, she giggled and danced and just loved it! she continually plays with this gift. i have now puchased another set for my grandson who just turned three as a xmas gift and i can't wait to see how much he enjoys this special, fun, colorful and enjoyable toy set." was this review helpful to you? (report abuse) click here to buy monster bowling or click here to read more reviews boogie board posted yesterday rating: "this is a great alternative to using large amount of paper. there is lots of space to write and the erase feature is easy." was this review helpful to you? (report abuse) click here to buy boogie board lcd writing tablets or click here to read more reviews fun! posted yesterday rating: "my 4 year old nephew loved this toy! goes great with his fireman costume!" was this review helpful to you? (report abuse) click here to buy fire power super soaking fire hose with backpack or click here to read more reviews review for personalized name puzzle posted yesterday by tina lau rating: "very well constructed puzzle. my niece loves puzzles and this helps to teach her the spelling of her name. perfect!" was this review helpful to you? (report abuse) click here to buy personalized name puzzle or click here to read more reviews review of erector build & play easy bucket posted yesterday by connie l sydzyik rating: "grandson loves this and loves to build always. mom thought the gift was great and very age appropriate." was this review helpful to you? (report abuse) click here to buy erector build & play easy bucket or click here to read more reviews review for red night planetarium projector posted yesterday by thomas budds rating: "the child this is intended for suffers from cerebral palsy. he enjoys visual stimulation and this is the reason for its purchase. since he is wheelchair bound and unable to move voluntarily, the images will be shown on the ceiling where he can see them for stimulation" was this review helpful to you? (report abuse) click here to buy red night planetarium projector or click here to read more reviews product review of spooner board - freestyle 24" posted yesterday by jamie mcclendon rating: "perfect for my 9yr old son, he wants to be a pro skateboarder or a pro snowboarder. this helps him get the basics and helps him master his skills year round" was this review helpful to you? (report abuse) click here to buy spooner board - freestyle 24" or click here to read more reviews review for make-your-own monster puppet posted yesterday by jamie mcclendon rating: "my 6yr old son enjoys this so much, he is always changing him up and with every change the monster gets he gives it a new name and a new personality. " was this review helpful to you? (report abuse) click here to buy make-your-own monster puppet or click here to read more reviews imagination run wild posted yesterday by kerry l griffis-kyle rating: "my daughter loves all these fairies. she plays with them more than any other toys." was this review helpful to you? (report abuse) click here to buy flower fairies or click here to read more reviews my rating of retro fisher price two tune television posted yesterday by leslieanne seifert rating: "the paper screen isn't flat so the scrolling isn't smooth. i remember at least 3 songs, so only two songs was a disappointment. the sound is not at all pleasing. there is absolutely nothing to like about this version of a classic. (note from fat brain toys: we contacted our customer to assist. unfortunately, due to the rise in safety concerns in past years over lead within toys and related concerns - a few years ago the two tune television was modified. the manufacturer did their best to keep the integrity of the toy, though it is not an exact replica of the original version. please visit the returns & exchanges center for assistance if any toy is not in tune with your expectations.) " was this review helpful to you? (report abuse) click here to buy retro fisher price two tune television or click here to read more reviews review of playmobil vacation - summer house posted yesterday by michael silverman rating: "the gift is for my grand daughter for xmas. she has not seen it. contact me after xmas to have the review." was this review helpful to you? (report abuse) click here to buy playmobil vacation - summer house or click here to read more reviews product review of blutrack - 18 ft. starter kit posted yesterday rating: "this is a christmas present so i can't rate it yet" was this review helpful to you? (report abuse) click here to buy blutrack - 18 ft. starter kit or click here to read more reviews information about wobble deck posted yesterday by jan biglin rating: "strong, colourful, attractive" 1 of 1 customers found this review helpful. was this review helpful to you? (report abuse) click here to buy wobble deck or click here to read more reviews a rating of flip to win hangman posted yesterday by jan biglin rating: "they are christmas presents, so not tested yet, but i am impressed with the quality of the goods, the packaging is attractive to children and i'm sure they will be well received. thank you." was this review helpful to you? (report abuse) click here to buy flip to win hangman or click here to read more reviews crazy cakes posted yesterday by denise winch rating: "the competitive children really loved the challenge and were better able to cope with mistakes on stacking due to it being all them instead of a team mate, i loved watching the concentration it took altho some were amazeing fast at looking and remembering order not even realizing the skills they were using" was this review helpful to you? (report abuse) click here to buy crazy cakes or click here to read more reviews little miss sunshine posted yesterday by denise winch rating: "happy story line with short sentences to keep lil ones attention also desribes feelings in age appropriate terms" was this review helpful to you? (report abuse) click here to buy little miss sunshine or click here to read more reviews fun but there is a learning curve posted 2 days ago rating: "very similar to the traffic jam game we already own, but a little trickier in how you move the pieces." was this review helpful to you? (report abuse) click here to buy anti-virus or click here to read more reviews great and quick fun posted 2 days ago rating: "great for car, restaurant, etc. prob too expensive, and will likely run out of activities soon, but we are all enjoying it now for sure." was this review helpful to you? (report abuse) click here to buy flapz! or click here to read more reviews product review of plus plus large - 200 piece set posted 2 days ago by anne mele rating: "i am an occupational therapist and use these with children ages 2-5 in my practice. they have a wonderful tactile feel and provide a nice way to stimulate fine motor skills. i am surprised at how long groups of children sit and put these together. they are simple and allow the children to build their own creations." was this review helpful to you? (report abuse) click here to buy plus plus large - 200 piece set or click here to read more reviews my rating of steve light storybox - the girl who loved danger posted 2 days ago by j wall rating: "great way to encourage story sharing and story telling! beautiful box and exciting stuff inside!" was this review helpful to you? (report abuse) click here to buy steve light storybox - the girl who loved danger or click here to read more reviews review of chinese jump rope posted 2 days ago by j wall rating: "great inexpensive fun gift!" was this review helpful to you? (report abuse) click here to buy chinese jump rope or click here to read more reviews review for 3-d home kit posted 2 days ago by joan biediger rating: "my son was thrilled with the 3d house to build. he is 11yrs old and had worked his way up thru all the next challenging levels of legos. he has accomplished all of them that we know of! so this building project was a new thing for him. once he opened it & began putting it together he was absorbed for hours. he loves it & is still working on it. great purchase!!" 1 of 1 customers found this review helpful. was this review helpful to you? (report abuse) click here to buy 3-d home kit or click here to read more reviews product review of personalized name puzzle posted 2 days ago by wanda gordon rating: "i have ordered this products from other customers before for my children but your product is the best i ever bought. yes, i am now buying for my nephews and nieces. the size is perfect and the color very colorful." was this review helpful to you? (report abuse) click here to buy personalized name puzzle or click here to read more reviews great gift for grandsons posted 2 days ago by tricia light rating: "beck and sean are using this circuit board whenever they have time. i may have to get another one. they are only 5 and 7 and it will keep them busy for many hours with planning new projects to do. very happy that i gave this to sean, my grandson." was this review helpful to you? (report abuse) click here to buy snap circuits jr. or click here to read more reviews my rating of personalized name puzzle posted 2 days ago by ellen scott rating: "this is a christmas gift. i can't give feedback yet." was this review helpful to you? (report abuse) click here to buy personalized name puzzle or click here to read more reviews awesome posted 2 days ago rating: "got this toy for my 2 year old niece and nephew, they love it and are able to learn at the same time" was this review helpful to you? (report abuse) click here to buy alphabet sound puzzle or click here to read more reviews twisted! posted 2 days ago by claudia helms rating: "fun to play with. keeps hands busy in the car. my youngsters like to play with it during "down time". great too for kids and adults with special needs. sensory stem., fine motor skills, much more. see " was this review helpful to you? (report abuse) click here to buy tangle original with texture or click here to read more reviews 399 games puzzles & trivia challenges specially designed to keep your brain young posted 2 days ago by claudia helms rating: "lots of games and puzzles to work on...keep the brain young. good for teens and adults." was this review helpful to you? (report abuse) click here to buy 399 games puzzles & trivia challenges specially designed to keep your brain young or click here to read more reviews pacimals posted 2 days ago by amy keen rating: "this is the cutest toy ever and my granddaughter looks so funny with it. i am more than pleased with this product!" was this review helpful to you? (report abuse) click here to buy pacimals or click here to read more reviews marble run posted 2 days ago by abigail lynam rating: "this is a fantastic marble run - very creative and lots of fun to put together" was this review helpful to you? (report abuse) click here to buy super fun marble run or click here to read more reviews a rating of listen & discover posted 2 days ago by kathy murray rating: "its a christmas gift so he hasn't gotten it yet......" was this review helpful to you? (report abuse) click here to buy listen & discover or click here to read more reviews review of monster bowling posted 2 days ago by kathy murray rating: "its a christmas gift so he hasn't gotten it yet......" was this review helpful to you? (report abuse) click here to buy monster bowling or click here to read more reviews stomp rocket posted 2 days ago by merilee obstbaum rating: "my 3year old grandson loves the rocket. " was this review helpful to you? (report abuse) click here to buy stomp rocketâ® junior or click here to read more reviews a rating of touch & feel cards posted 2 days ago by kathy murray rating: "its a christmas gift so he hasn't gotten it yet......" was this review helpful to you? (report abuse) click here to buy touch & feel cards or click here to read more reviews review for 3d pyramid stairway to the sun - 300 pc posted 2 days ago by susan citrin rating: "the puzzle is very colorful. and of course, it is quite unusual. the shape is intriguing, especially for a puzzle lover who has not experienced a four-sided challenge" was this review helpful to you? (report abuse) click here to buy 3d pyramid stairway to the sun - 300 pc or click here to read more reviews gift for a 9year old girl posted 2 days ago by maria ziccarelli rating: "this gift was purchased for a xmas present and i think that this gift will be used often. this girl likes baking and cooking so i bet she will like it a lot. the only thing that would be helpful is that chocolate needed to be purchased separately . if this gift was a last min gift, having these details would help as i am sure the recipient would like to use it right away. overall this gift is a good gift for her." was this review helpful to you? (report abuse) click here to buy my chocolate boutique or click here to read more reviews great product!! posted 2 days ago by meghan r rating: "beautiful puzzle, high quality, love the personalization. " was this review helpful to you? (report abuse) click here to buy personalized name puzzle or click here to read more reviews for even more toy reviews, pick a toy manufacturer below: abong acting out action products active people aeromax ag industries alex all new materials all things equal american innovative astrojax usa atomic sports automoblox company babalu balitono bananagrams basic fun bc usa bead bazaar beeposh be amazing be good company blazing productions bloco blongo family fun blue orange blutrack blythe jack bobles bonfit sport books by julia cook boon bounty hunter bowwowmeow brain noodles breyer breyer reeves international briarpatch brickadoo brickstructures bridge street toys brio corporation bruder bsw toys bucky balls buffalo games cadaco candy crate, inc can you imagine carson dellosa publishing company carson optical challenge fun channel craft chicco usa chronicle books citiblocs cloud b corolle cranium cranium crayola crazy bands crazy forts creations by you creative solutions creative whack creativity for kids crocodile creek curious toys c a scientific company daron deglingos design works, inc design your own dgl group diggin discovery bay games djubi dk publishing dm creations doublestar dowling magnets dream green duncan dunecraft dynatech d l company edc publishing usborne books educajohn hansen educational insights education outdoors, inc educo hape, inc edushape eeboo elc elenco electronics, inc emines erector meccano everest evolving toys ezyroller family games, inc family time fun fascinations fashion angels fat brain toys fat brain toy co feenixx publishing find it games flensted mobiles flybar folkmanis foxmind fractiles fred friends front porch classics fundex games funrise fun and function llc fun slides gamewright gamewrightceaco ganz garageco toys gayla kites geared for imagination geomag usa geomag usa newprojet sa geotoys geyser guys giantmicrobes global toy marketing gluckskafer googolplex games go fly a kite green board green rock entertainment green toys guidecraft gymnic haba harpercollins publishers hasbro hasbro games hasbro toys hi tec art hobbs dobbs hog wild hohner hq kites designs usa huck doll huntar h h global ikoso kits imagability, inc imagination imagiplay incrediline index.cfm industrial revolution infantino infinitoy, inc innovation first innovation first labs, inc innovative kids innovention toys insect lore integrated global solutions international playthings jaag jailbreak toys jakks pacific jax ltd john hinde joojoo jumping beandito jumpin banana just jump it kapla karito kids kaskey kids keva kidkraft kids preferred kid galaxy kid o kikkerland design klutz knex kubit2me kushies zolo language littles late for the sky learning carpets learning curve learning mates learning resources legendary games lego systems, inc leisure learning products, inc lindenwood little adventures little kids lubies rocket usa madame alexander made by humans magic forest magic mealtime magna tiles magnetic poetry magnif major steps, inc manhattan toy maple landmark, inc marky sparky mark my time mary meyer masterpieces puzzle company mattel mayfair games melissa doug midwest educational products mindtwister usa mindware miyim monkey business sports moonjar mudpuppy mudpuppy galison munchkin naef neat oh newsound kids newtech kites nikko america, inc nogglers noodle head noted nsi international nuop design odyssey toys ogosport ohio art orbis world globes orb factory outset media corp out of the box publishing pacific play tents pacific science pacimals papo parchmint patch products pdi pamela drake, inc peaceable kingdom press pel pencil grip penelope peapod phd productions piatnik of america pint size productions pixel blocks pkolino plan toys plasmart plastwood playability toys bill and bud playmobil playsam plushy feely poof slinky, inc premier kites pretty ugly prime time toys prince lionheart pumponator puremco games toys putumayo kids questmarc publishing q ba maze radio flyer, inc rainbowbrush rainbow products randomline ravensburger razor reeves international replogle globes, inc rex games rhino toys rhythm band instruments whacky music rich frog rio grande games rogers connection rokenbok royal brush roylco rsv productions sababa toys safari ltd sassafras enterprises, inc sassy saturnian i schleich schylling science whiz science wiz scientific explorer scientific explorer scientific explorer elmers products scratch art company set enterprises shapescapes shoe tying made simple shure silly bandz silver dolphin silver dolphin perseus books group simple memory art skip hop skullduggery skuut skydog kites small world toys smartlab sok o spinmaster spiraling hearts sprig toys spring swings spy alley partners stack stick peters group ltd steiff step2 company llc stephen joseph gift steps4kids strangeco strange collective streamline, inc strider sports intl successful kids summit swim ways tabletopics tailor made products talicor tangle tdc games tedco temple games thames kosmos the happy kid company the imaginative child the learning journey the little3 toy company the little experience the little little toy company the original toy company the piggy story thinkfun thinkgeek think a lot toys think of it three by three timeless toys tiny love usa tmi, inc tomy toobeez toymonster toysie toysmith toy youniverse tree blocks uberstix umbra uncle milton unitech toys unitech toys toysie universalmap university games usa pool toy mindwalk, inc us games systems verdes toy corp waba fun llc walter foster publishing wee gallery whacky music wham o, inc wholesale batteries wiggles 3d wikki stix wild planet entertainment, inc wild republic k m international winning moves wj fantasy woodman concept woodstock woodstock percussion workman publishing yackle yomega young scientists club zabazoo zebra mix zing toys zipfy zolo zometool home | shopping cart | help | privacy policy | return & exchanges | toy safety info | affiliate program shop by age | birthday gifts | best selling toys | special offers | new toys | coming soon | popular toy searches copyright © 2003-2012 fat brain toys llc. all rights reserved. fat brain toys® is a registered service mark of fat brain toys, llc fat brain toys offices 1405 n. 205th st., ste. 120 elkhorn, nebraska usa 68022 phone 1-800-590-5987 fat brain toys retail store 16909 burke street, suite 131 omaha, nebraska usa 68118 phone 402-504-6218 02