来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20171204044950/https://www.fatbraintoys.com/play/index.cfm
================================================================================

play - the toy blog by fat brain toys delivers in 4 business days to california for just $3.99! my cart 0 1-800-590-5987 help sign in delivers in 4 business days to california for just $3.99! menu 0 about us giftbot invented here shop by age top toys by age babies toddlers 1 year olds 2 year olds 3 year olds 4 year olds 5 year olds 6 year olds 7 year olds 8 year olds 9 year olds 10 year olds 11 year olds 12 year olds teens adults seniors top toys for boys baby boys toddler boys 1 year old boys 2 year old boys 3 year old boys 4 year old boys 5 year old boys 6 year old boys 7 year old boys 8 year old boys 9 year old boys 10 year old boys 11 year old boys 12 year old boys teen boys men seniors top toys for girls baby girls toddler girls 1 year old girls 2 year old girls 3 year old girls 4 year old girls 5 year old girls 6 year old girls 7 year old girls 8 year old girls 9 year old girls 10 year old girls 11 year old girls 12 year old girls teen girls women seniors best sellers view best sellers updated daily, check out our "best sellers" list to see what toys and games are trending! new releases view new items we travel the world searching for quality, innovative toys and games. check out our newest products to see the latest and greatest! categories categories active play arts & crafts baby toys & gifts bath toys books brainteasers building & construction classic & retro toys dolls & dollhouses early learning toys games gear & apparel history & geography imaginative play kites, planes & rockets magnets & magnetism maker & diy kits mind & body music office & desk toys organic & green toys outdoor toys playroom and bedroom furnishings plush puzzles rc & electronics science & nature stem toys trains & vehicles travel toys wooden toys interests interests architecture & engineering ballet balloons baseball basketball beach & sand birds boats & ships bugs cars, trucks & trains castles cats christian coins & money construction cooking dance dinosaurs dogs dolls dragons fairies fairy tales family farm fashion & design fire & rescue fishing football foreign languages friends gardening geography glow in the dark golf history hockey horses interior design love magic math mazes motorcycles music ocean outdoor adventure patriotic pets photography pirates planes princesses rabbits reading & writing robots rock n roll role play & costumes school science skating soccer space swimming tech toys american made american made no one carries a larger selection of american made toys than fat brain toys! name store name store looking for a truly unique gift? check out our name store for original and thoughtful personalized gifts! 1-800-590-5987 help live chat shop by age best sellers new releases × holiday shipping schedule to assure delivery in time for christmas, please reference the following chart: ship method latest ship date delivery date ups ground dec 15th, 3:00 p.m. cst dec 22nd 3-day select dec 18th, 5:00 p.m. cst dec 22nd 2nd day air dec 20th, 5:00 p.m. cst dec 22nd next day air dec 21st, 5:00 p.m. cst dec 22nd express shipping ups ground is our standard method of shipping which can vary from 2-5 business days for delivery. however, we also offer you the opportunity to use ups' express shipment options, including 3-day select, 2nd day air, and next day air. shipping information the majority of orders for in-stock items purchased during our peak season are shipped within 24 hours. orders are shipped from our warehouse in omaha, nebraska - smack dab in the middle of the country - so allow 3-4 business days shipping time to either coast using standard shipping, while other locations will vary from 2 to 3 business days. available inventory we stock nearly every product that we sell...and we keep a lot of product in stock. unlike most online retailers, we like to give our customers as much information as we can so that you can feel confident in your buying decision. one such piece of information is actual stock levels. on each and every product page, you'll find a very accurate count of available inventory at that given moment. this should give you the confidence that not only is the item in stock, but we actually have "n" number of units available to ship. backordered product if a product is listed as "backordered" or "currently on order", that means that we are waiting on a shipment from the manufacturer. at this time of the year, our manufacturers occasionally get bogged down. as a result, we're unable to guarantee holiday delivery for items that are backordered. out of stock products if a product is listed as "out of stock" or "not currently available for purchase", it means that we have sold our entire inventory of that product and will not be getting more prior to the holidays. alaska, hawaii, u.s. territories, apo/fpo because ups ground is not an option for these areas, we ship through the us postal service. unfortunately, when shipping usps, you'll need to allow several additional days for it to be shipped and we also do not have the granular level of tracking that we do with ups. if you're having an order shipped to one of these areas, we strongly encourage you to place your order before december 13th to allow adequate time for delivery. international orders if you're having an order shipped internationally and want it delivered for the holidays, we suggest that you place your order no later than december 5th. however, because delivery times vary so widely from country to country, we cannot guarantee international deliveries before the holidays. after the sale support we're here to support you before and after your purchase. unlike some large online companies who will only communicate with you via email, we're always just a phone call away! just call us toll-free at 1-800-590-5987 and let us know how we can help. bottom line we want your holidays to be joyful and hassle-free - that's what we're here for. we'll do everything in our power to insure that you receive what you ordered and in time for the holidays. if we can't, we will communicate that to you well in advance so that you can make other arrangements. if the above doesn't answer your questions, we encourage you to either email us at cs@fatbraintoys.com or call us toll-free at 1-800-590-5987. × sign in create account? - forgot password forgot password get exclusive deals & more! you have signed up for deals & more! by subscribing you are agreeing to receive our weekly email which includes exclusive offers. toggle navigation parenting education special needs activities parenting education special needs activities the language of the universe tuesday, january 23, 2018 "why do i need to learn math?" for as long as math has been taught in schools, students have been asking this question. of course, it has always easy to explain why we need addition, subtraction, and even multiplication and division. there were five candies left in the jar. michelle took three and joe took two. how many are left for jimmy? - this sort of math can become very important very quickly for a young student. but what about things like algebra, geometry, calculus, and trigonometry? unless your kids are dreaming of becoming rocket scientists or astrophysicists (which is awesome if they are, by the way), these subjects can quickly begin to feel extremely trivial. not to mention, they can be terribly difficult to grasp, especially since there aren't very many obvious, real-world ... (click here to read more) read more 2017 parents' choice award winners finding toys that you can be sure will benefit your child can be a challenge. kids are often drawn to flashy trends that might be fun but aren't necessarily beneficial, and advertisements can often be misleading; claiming to be the best toy for your child's brain when really the excitement is as fleeting as a glow stick. so, besides going to the store and trying out a toy for yourself (which can be a difficult thing to do in this day and age), what's the best way to make sure you're buying only the most beneficial experiences for your child? the parents' choice awards foundation started in 1978 when diana huss green, "mother, children's book author and educator," set out to answer this very question. she began by creating the parents' choice quarterly newsletter and since then, her foundation ... (click here to read more) read more 15 years of authentic play most companies start in response to a demand.  somebody realizes that there's something people want and then figures out a clever and efficient way to give it to them.  technically, just like so many other companies, that's how fat brain toys began.  but... there's also a little bit more to it than that. we've told this story so many times before.  adam, 10 years old at the time, received a new toy for his birthday called geomag.  it's a fascinating construction system made up of magnetic rods and metal spheres that can be built into all kinds of intricate, geometric structures, providing a powerful opportunity for open-ended, creative play and learning.  adam loved this new toy and, just like any other 10 year old, he wanted more of it.  so, naturally, ... (click here to read more) read more inventor interview - tony morley the deadline for submitting your best idea for the kidventor invention competition is fast approaching.  this is the time to be putting together the last pieces of the puzzle; the time to be trying to figure out – what's it going to take to push this idea from good to great?  whether you're grasping for just that little bit of inspiration that'll make your problem-solving gears click into place – or, if you're just having so much fun you're starting to wonder if you could eventually make a living out of this – check out this fascinating interview with tony morley, the inventor of such fat brain favorites as tobbles, modmobiles, and spinagain.  his words of wisdom just might be what you need to push your inventor skills to the next level. how do ... (click here to read more) read more boys' and girls' toys: how do they stack up, and who does the stacking? one of the biggest obstacles parents have to deal with when shopping for toys for their children are the differences between "boys' toys" and "girls' toys", and how those two categories tend to teach very different things. of course, it's a good thing that dolls can teach girls how to be more compassionate and that vehicle toys can give boys a head start on engineering skills. but, what if you want to teach your little girl about engineering, or if you want your little boy to learn how to be more compassionate? at fat brain toys, one of the things we try to focus on the most is providing equal learning opportunities for both boys and girls. while, naturally, we do sell plenty of toys on the extreme ends of the spectrum – for example, dolls in pink dresses on one end and fierce-looking ... (click here to read more) read more appreciating the magic of a solar eclipse on august 21st, a total solar eclipse will be visible from near where we are here in omaha, nebraska. for roughly a minute and a half, the moon will pass between the earth and the sun and nearly 100% of the light will be blocked from view. personally, i am extremely excited. ever since i first saw it pictured in my 5th grade science textbook, i have been dreaming of getting the chance to witness a total solar eclipse. it just seems like such an amazing and impossible thing to happen. and even though i fully (more or less) understand the science behind it, i can't help but feel like there's something unnatural about it; something magical. which got me thinking... if i'm feeling this way, and i know the facts behind what's causing it... how did the people in history who didn't know the facts ... (click here to read more) read more teaching children compassion compassion literally means "to suffer together". emotional researchers describe it as the feelings and motivation that arise in us when we are confronted by the suffering of others. most children when they are young have an innate sense of compassion, but the development of this important human trait must be nurtured if it is to survive into adulthood. this is where parents come in. so, how do you go about raising a compassionate child? the most important way is by allowing your child to routinely experience compassion in his or her daily life. here are some tips to enhance your child's compassion capabilities. 1) be a compassionate example for your children. when an opportunity arises --big or small-- to be compassionate, take it. 2) be sure to involve your children in kind ... (click here to read more) read more the power of imaginative play have you ever seen a child pick up a stick in the yard and suddenly wield it as a sword to fight off a band of marauding pirates? or maybe you've seen a youngster build a fantastic airplane from nothing more than a boxful of colored plastic building blocks. this is play fueled by pure imagination. children have the ability to create worlds of their own, where they can become a hero or a princess or a cowboy or a ballerina. imagination is the key to unlocking the door to these worlds, allowing kids to step out of reality and into fantasy. but is all this play-acting and pretending healthy for children? not only is it healthy, it's absolutely necessary. it's a very important developmental milestone for children to engage in imaginative play and creative play. if your child isn't ... (click here to read more) read more get to know the military children's charity throughout the month of may, fat brain toys is donating a toy to one of four charities every time a customer purchases an item from our list of over 2,000 qualified toys. it's great! but, we also understand that it can sometimes be hard to tell for sure just how much good a donation is going to do. so, to shed some light on where these toys are going, we decided to get the answers right from the source. the military children's charity is one of the hundreds of community partners in the network of our national charity partner delivering good, inc. (formerly k.i.d.s./fashion delivers). check out this q & a with isaiah navarrow, founder of the military children's charity, to learn more about his organization and what this donation is going to do for its cause. what are the goals of your ... (click here to read more) read more get to know boys town foster family services throughout the month of may, fat brain toys will be donating a toy to one of four charities every time a customer purchases an item from our list of over 2,000 qualified toys. it's great! but, we also understand that it can sometimes be hard to tell for sure just how much good a donation is going to do. so, to shed some light on where these toys are going, we decided to get the answers right from the source. boys town foster family services is one of the hundreds of community partners in the network of our national charity partner delivering good, inc. (formerly k.i.d.s./fashion delivers). check out the q & a below to learn more about foster family services and what this donation is going to do for their cause. what are the goals of your organization? the goals of boys town foster ... (click here to read more) read more get to know nac throughout the month of may, fat brain toys is donating a toy to one of four charities every time a customer purchases an item from our list of over 2,000 qualified toys. it's great! but, we also understand that it can sometimes be hard to tell for sure just how much good a donation is going to do. so, to shed some light on where these toys are going, we decided to get the answers right from the source.  new alternatives for children is one of the hundreds of community partners in the network of our national charity partner delivering good, inc. (formerly k.i.d.s./fashion delivers).  check out the q & a below to learn more about nac and what this donation is going to do for their cause. what are the goals of your organization? new alternatives for children (nac) is an award-winning ... (click here to read more) read more a note from our founders we believe strongly in the power of pure, authentic play. it can inspire creativity, inventiveness, and confidence in all of us. but most importantly, it fills children with a desire to explore their world and discover new things. since the day we started this company, we have been dedicated to helping parents enrich their children's lives with pure, authentic play through high quality, open-ended toys, gifts, and games. and now we want to spread that joy to children in need. throughout the month of may, every time one of our customers purchases one of over 2,000 qualifying toys, our company will donate another toy to a child in need. with the help of a very insightful organization called delivering good, we were able to team up with four amazing charities that could put our toys into the ... (click here to read more) read more play as a remedy for the future i recently read an opinion piece from wired.com called "american schools are training kids for a world that doesn't exist." it sounds like click-bait, i know. one of those doom-and-gloom sort of headlines that simultaneously taps into your fear and skepticism. you say to yourself, "oh come on. the world's not that bad." but then you can't help but click because, well... what if it is? i usually don't like these sorts of articles. mostly because i've always had a passion for the age-old concept of, "if you don't have anything nice to say, then don't say anything at all." but, this one was good. really good, actually. the reason being, after the doom and gloom, it actually had something really nice to say. plus, it was written by david edwards. that's not to say i know who david edwards is. ... (click here to read more) read more 9 toys for exercising your brain humans have a lot of abilities. we can run, jump, throw things, speak, sing, play musical instruments, dance... the list goes on and on. but by far the most unique, most treasured of all our skills is the ability to reason. cheetahs can run faster. birds can sing and dance. kangaroos can jump. but, as far as we know, no other species on the planet can solve problems and use logic like we can. unfortunately, however, it can sometimes be easy for us to take that fact for granted. just like a cheetah needs to practice running and pouncing as a cub to be able to catch its prey as an adult, we need to exercise our brains to get the most out of our ability to reason. luckily, fat brain toys has some of the best exercise equipment. check out this list of exciting brainteasers designed to help you ... (click here to read more) read more give the gift of earth-friendly play earth day is upon us – and there are a lot of great ways you can celebrate. you can go outside and plant a garden or a tree. you can volunteer to pick up litter in your neighborhood or city. you can donate to a local or national environmental group (click here to find a list of worthy causes). you can even just go visit a state or national park and simply stop and appreciate nature. all of these are brilliant ways to show your appreciation for our planet and its wellbeing. but, there's one other fun way to celebrate earth day that you might not have thought of: play! check out the list below to find a variety of exciting, organic, and earth-friendly toys and games. or, click here to shop our entire list of organic and green toys. with global warming and climate change, it's more important ... (click here to read more) read more repetitive play: becoming who they are "repetition invites us into music as imagined participants rather than as passive listeners." ted ed it was spring semester of my freshman year. i had been living beneath the overcast skies of a michigan winter for months. things were dragging and i found solace in the strangest of places: differential equations. in my dorm room, i sat at my desk and worked problems from the textbook. then i worked them again. it felt good. the patterns, the rhythm, and the difficulty all gradually increased from 1 to 99. i did the set again. in fact, i did them over and over again. differential equations became my mantra. weird? i know. but merely the academic manifestation of playing with your favorite thing, your favorite patterns. i remember finding great comfort in doing my maths homework over ... (click here to read more) read more easter around the world for most of us in the states, it can be hard to imagine easter celebrations would ever consist of anything other than egg painting, egg hunts, easter baskets, pictures with the easter bunny, going to church, and having a big dinner with the family. after all, how could easter still be easter if any of that changed? the truth is, however, in other parts of the world, easter is celebrated quite differently. it's still easter, of course. they still go to church and celebrate the same things. it's just how they celebrate that's fascinatingly different. check out the list below of just a few places around the world and how they celebrate easter in their own unique way. bermuda if you like flying kites, then bermuda is the best place to be during easter weekend. according to bermuda-online.org, ... (click here to read more) read more free easter printable coloring page by fat brain toys enjoy this free easter printout and let your kids get creative: click here to print read more 9 toys to inspire early learning the first years of your child's life are the most important years in terms of brain development. according to an article from factsforlifeglobal.org, "early experiences provide the base for the brain's organizational development and functioning throughout life. they have a direct impact on how children develop learning skills as well as social and emotional abilities." no pressure, right? thinking about that fact too much can cause a lot of anxiety for parents. it's so easy to worry – how do i know for sure i'm providing my child with the best early learning experiences possible? while we at fat brain toys don't claim to have all the answers for raising the perfect child, we do have the tools to help you do the best you can. check out the list below to find a variety of great toys designed ... (click here to read more) read more creative confidence with klutz at fat brain toys, one of the things we're most passionate about is creativity. we love toys that inspire kids to think differently and solve problems in their own unique way. that's why we love the books and activity kits from klutz. one look at any of their products and you'll quickly discover – they are true masters of creativity! and one can't help but wonder... what's their secret? check out the enlightening article below, written by the svp and general manager of klutz, stacy lellos, and discover the hidden truth behind that ever-elusive trait called "creativity." written by stacy lellos from klutz when kids are young, they are creatively confident. they dive into play-doh, they paint, and they marker with reckless abandon. then in third or fourth grade, something shifts, ... (click here to read more) read more inspire creativity with crafting kits from seedling exploring and experiencing creativity is an especially important activity for developing young minds. according to pbs.org, "the ability to be creative, to create something from personal feelings and experiences, can reflect and nurture children's emotional health.... creativity also fosters mental growth in children by providing opportunities for trying out new ideas, and new ways of thinking and problem-solving." unfortunately, sometimes instilling an interest in creativity can be difficult. some children might be put-off or even intimidated by creative activities. they might think they don't have the right skills, or worry that they'll make something nobody will like. seedling kits are like training wheels for creativity. using simple supplies and minimal instructions, children are able ... (click here to read more) read more welcoming julia onto the cast of sesame street for almost fifty years, sesame street has been a profound and powerful force in early education for children from all backgrounds, all across the nation, and even around the world. according to an article from newsweek.com, "independent research found that children who regularly watch sesame street gained more than nonviewers on tests of letter and number recognition, vocabulary and early math skills." but, aside from teaching our children how to count and spell, sesame street has also helped to change our world by teaching us how to care for each other, how to deal with difficult issues, and how to look at life more positively. just look at the "goodbye mr. hooper" episode where big bird comes to terms with the loss of one of his best friends – or the character lily who was introduced ... (click here to read more) read more 9 toys for celebrating the arrival of spring tension and release is by far one of the most important tools in musical composition. almost all music from all genres throughout all parts of the world have it. what is it? essentially, it starts with the build up of some form of musical tension. it could be harmonic tension (the build up of more dissonant chords), rhythmic tension (the build up of something highly repetitive or highly chaotic), or even dynamic tension (the build up of loudness). then, finally, the tension is resolved. the dissonant chords resolve into pleasant consonant chords. the chaotic rhythms resolve back into the groove. the massive dynamic build up suddenly drops off into a calm and quiet melody. if you want a perfect example of tension and release, look no further than the prelude of richard wagner's tristan und ... (click here to read more) read more the importance of plush toys in your child's life it's simply common sense that kids love plush toys. but... why? according to an article from parents.com called first friends: toddlers and stuffed animals, "because kids know that a plush puppy or a princess doll represents a living thing, they can relate and attach emotions to it. playing with these 'friends' allows kids to explore their complex feelings." so playing with plush toys and dolls can help kids explore and express their feelings and emotions more easily. but, what does that mean, really? exactly how does a teddy bear or a stuffed dog make it easier for children to better understand themselves and the world around them? luckily, that same article gives a quick list. you can read it more in-depth by clicking here, but here's the gist of it: - plush toys can help kids ... (click here to read more) read more 7 easter basket games that encourage quality time i got this!: it's up to you to match your confidence with your competence as you lay it all on the line to prove you can complete the challenges and rack up the most points. bounce, toss, balance, roll, hop and guesstimate the best you can — but remember not to bite off more than you can chew! ages 8+   baby monkey astronaut: spread out all the cards face down and then start taking turns trying to flip them over in exact numerical sequence, counting down from 10 to one without skipping a single number. it's easy to learn, but the challenge will drive you bananas! ages 5+   neck of the woods: the giraffes are hungry! can you help them reach the leaves in the tree? it takes a steady hand and a clever mind to stack the blocks, reach the reward, and earn the ... (click here to read more) read more the week of march 20, join us atthetable according to a recent harris poll survey, 82 percent of parents said that they wish they had more meals together as a family. and the number-one reason cited for not eating together? you guessed it: "we're just too busy." yet studies show that regularly eating together as a family can provide numerous benefits for children, including higher self-esteem and better communication with their parents. so, to promote family dinnertime and all the positive things that go with it, we've developed "at the table," a call to america's families to make time to eat together. this year, as part of the initiative, fat brain toys and boys town are encouraging families to gather atthetable during the week of march 20. the challenge is as simple as it is difficult: eat together as a family for all seven ... (click here to read more) read more 9 easter basket ideas for your dirt & grime enthusiast pop & slide shelly: this turtle is a tactile learning toy with sliding buttons to pop into slots. it encourages baby's sensory exploration, cause-effect learning, & color learning. ages 1+.   butterfly garden: experience the miracle of metamorphosis! use the included coupon to order your own cup of live caterpillars and then watch for the next ten to twelve days as they squirm around and grow (up to ten times their size!) while feeding on the food that's included in the cup. a few days later...boom! beautiful painted lady butterflies will magically emerge from the cocoons, spread their wings, and begin to flutter around the mesh container excitedly! ages 4+.    grow 'n glow terrarium: plant a little garden and watch it grow - and glow! potting ... (click here to read more) read more 10 early easter favorites (that aren't candy!) easter is only 34 days away! start your basket stuffing quest today with our top picks for easter 2017. these toys are tried and true, and we're excited to bring you early birds our very top picks! without further ado...   peek-a-doodle doo!: a "my first game" for your clever little farmer. with constant motion, peek-a-doodle doo engages your child's memory and concentration in a farm fresh way! improves concentration and memory skills, color recognition, and is fully safety tested. great for ages 3+.  personalized easter bag: available in any name up to 10 letters and available in light blue, pink, and white, this bag is the perfect alternative to bulky (and sometimes poky!) baskets. something they will love after easter too.  celestron tabletop telescope: ... (click here to read more) read more international women's day - gifts to inspire the young women in your life for the future astronaut: stars: a family guide to the night sky for the future engineer: snap circuits 300-in-1 for the future doctor: nici wonderland doll - minimargaret the doctor for the future president: kid president's guide to being awesome for the future first responder: fire power super soaking fire hose with backpack for the future tech innovator: littlebits rule your room for the future athlete: pugg 4 ft. soccer goal with bag for the future professor: pretend & play school set   and...we think every child should check out the book of heroines by national geographic!                                      ... (click here to read more) read more delving into the details of toy design at fat brain toys, we take toy design seriously. the reason being... toys are the tools for childhood learning. and in order for kids to be able to get the most out of that learning experience, the toys, ideally at least, have to be designed perfectly, brilliantly, geniously! they have to provide the perfect balance between guidance and openness, inspiration and freedom. a lot of pressure, right? or... is it just a whole lot of fun? to find the answer, we decided to turn to our very own industrial designer adam carson. son of fat brain founders mark and karen carson, adam "officially" joined the fat brain toys team just under a year ago back in may of 2016 – though he's really been a part of the company for most of his life. with his unique experiences and position – it only ... (click here to read more) read more build a better future with stem education science, technology, engineering, mathematics... these aren't just neat tools for strengthening young minds. they're the foundation on which our whole world is built. they're the building blocks of the future. they're the glue that holds everything together. at fat brain toys, we believe our children's future depends on stem education. check out the hand-picked list below to discover an all-ages variety of toys designed to inspire kids to not just enjoy stem learning, but to passionately pursue it. let's inspire the next generation of scientists, inventors, explorers, and revolutionaries with the power of play! reptangles: clever, colorful turtles snap together in over 100 incredible ways! each set of 24 reptangles comes with a full-color bonus activity book with 80+ puzzles to encourage ... (click here to read more) read more strengthening communication skills through play not every person will become adept at the standard communication pattern taught in our culture. we're taught that the basis of communication is rapid-fire dialogue: the back and forth of conversation. as if conversation is always equal. and as if it is the only option for communication. if dialogue is the base, what about listening? you know, that thing you're supposed to be doing during the other half of the time in any dialogue? most listening skills are developed lecture-style, during classes or when mom or dad is upset. i've read several times that americans are scared of not being able to fill a moment of silence during a conversation. because most dialogue we witness is constant, silence seems to mean that someone has dropped the ball, or that they can't answer fast ... (click here to read more) read more get the most out of bath time with these 9 unique toys! to kids, the bathtub is so much more than just a place to get cleaned up. it's a vast ocean teaming with unique and friendly creatures. it's the bay of an amazing metropolis brimming with all kinds of people and stories. it's the landscape of a landless alien planet. to kids, the bathtub is less like a tool for cleaning their bodies and more like a bottomless well full of playtime and learning potential. yet, sometimes that well can be difficult to tap into. that's where we come in. with each of the toys in the hand-picked list below, kids will discover all kinds of brilliants ways to inspire their imaginations and strengthen their brains through play. help your child get the most out of his or her bathtub adventure with toys from fat brain toys! quack stack: fit the colorful, uniquely-shaped ... (click here to read more) read more rediscover this childhood game the door to the toy room swung lazily open. on the tips of my toes, i snuck quietly into the room, spun my back to the wall, and squeezed behind the door. small voices called out, "eight, nine, ten!" then the pitter patter of two sets of feet began to gently drum the tile floor. a small gap held open by the hinges of the door did not give away my location but through it i could spy my children scurrying back and forth along the hall. as a toddler and a preschooler the 1800 square foot house must have felt enormous. and i can only imagine how liberating, exciting, and slightly scared they must have felt without my conspicuous presence. it was so fun and so funny that i thought my smile might be too loud. so when they scurried past me for what seemed the gazillionth time i pretended to ... (click here to read more) read more breaking down the barriers of identity recently i read an article from the new york times about a man named santiago ramon y cajal. cajal was a nobel-prize-winning scientist who today is widely regarded as the father of neuroscience. but, besides his immense scientific contributions, what makes him particularly notable, and, as is described in the aforementioned article, what may have actually been the key factor in his success, is that he was much more than just a scientist. he was also an artist. "ramón y cajal started out with an interest in the visual arts and photography — he even invented a method for making color photos. but his father pushed him into medical school. without his artistic background, his work might not have had as much impact..." one reason i can think of as to why cajal's artistic skills ... (click here to read more) read more 18 toys to cure your cabin fever the sun is very gradually starting to stay out a tiny bit longer, the temperature outside is ever so slowly beginning to rise, and the huge piles of snow on the sides of the road are slowly beginning to turn in to piles of sand and mud. yep. we're definitely deep into cabin fever season. it's around this time that we all begin to get more and more anxious as we excitedly anticipate the gorgeous weather of spring and summer. and yet – there are still so many days of winter left! "i've gotta get out!" one can't help but scream. "i've gotta stretch my legs! i've gotta go do something!" don't worry. fat brain toys has the perfect cure for your cabin fever.  well... for your kids, at least. throughout the list below, you'll find all kinds of toys and games designed to get your ... (click here to read more) read more celebrating presidents day by learning more about who we are "government of the people, by the people, for the people shall not perish from the earth." - abraham lincoln. what did lincoln mean when he defined the american government in this way? for most of us adults, we at least have a pretty strong idea. but, these concepts can sometimes be hard to explain to our children. so, in order for us to become better teachers, let's delve into the nitty-gritty and solidify our understanding a bit. the second half of the quote is obvious enough. he just means the american government must always be upheld. but, what about the first part? "government of the people, by the people, for the people..." does that mean each and every one of us gets to have a seat in congress? or that each of us is supposed to serve a term as president? fortunately not. (can ... (click here to read more) read more incorporating sensory toys into everyday play two of my children have sensory processing disorder. basically, that means that their sensors that send input to the brain aren't working correctly. some sensory experiences are too much (aversion) and the sensory input is painful. some experiences aren't enough, and they crave more to help their body stay connected to the world around them (seeking.) spd isn't a stand-alone diagnosis: you'll often see it in combination with autism, adhd, or other medical conditions. it's often misdiagnosed, and many parents believe that spd is actually its own condition that is simply confused with others because the symptoms are so similar. my children are primarily seekers: they need extra stimulation. they actively look for ways to help regulate their body, and sometimes that can lead to unsafe behaviors ... (click here to read more) read more 9 great gifts to inspire kindness and caring at fat brain toys, we think valentine's day is about a lot more than just dinner reservations and chocolate hearts. it's a chance to show all of your loved ones, including the little ones in your life, just how much you really care about them! and not just that – it's also a great time to inspire everyone to care more about each other, too. check out the list of toys and books below to discover all kinds of great ways to make your world a more caring and friendly place. the doll kind: spread kindness throughout the world with the help of a magnificently cuddly and graceful doll friend! they're soft, beautiful, and elegantly adorned - but they also inspire a lifetime of caring. hand out the included tokens as random acts of kindness! empathy toy: empathy is way more than just a ... (click here to read more) read more celebrating valentine's day with a few thoughts on altruism this is the equation for altruism. discovered in 1968 by a science journalist named george r. price, it essentially proves that within any population of reproducing organisms, altruism is necessary for the spread and survival of the most beneficial genes/traits. it puts the survival of the gene above the survival of the individual so that, rather than diving into a lake to save your drowning friend simply because you love him, you're instead diving in to save him because he has genes that are unique to the human species and which must be passed on into the next generation. if you're like me, your gut reaction is most likely to think, how can a math equation possibly sum up the immensely complex concept of altruism? it just seems so crass. to most of us, when we think of altruism, we tend ... (click here to read more) read more look up and witness the magic of the universe! it's easy to forget where we are in the universe. it's easy to get all wrapped up in the toils, troubles, victories, and celebrations of day-to-day living and completely lose track of the fact that... well, i think eric idle put it best in the galaxy song: "just remember that you're standing on a planet that's evolving and revolving at 900 miles an hour. it's orbiting at 19 miles a second, so it's reckoned, the sun that is the source of all our power. now the sun, and you and me, and all the stars that we can see, are moving at a million miles a day, in the outer spiral arm, at 40,000 miles an hour, of a galaxy we call the milky way." so how do we remind ourselves of the grandeur and magnificence of our universe? (besides listening to the galaxy song every day?) simple: look up! ... (click here to read more) read more 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 fat brain toys fat brain toys tweets by fatbraintoys subscribe to the play toy blog subscribe archive shop stay up to date get exclusive deals & more! subscribe customer service customer service contact us order status return authorization faqs toy safety info privacy policy about us about us our story mission stores our causes testimonials wholesale shop shop coming soon birthday gift ideas top kids toys new toys for kids christmas toys toy catalog best toys by age connect extras play blog for business educators extra credit birthday club special needs websrv5.fatbraintoys.com copyright © 2003-2018 fat brain holdings llc. all rights reserved.fat brain toys® is a registered service mark of fat brain holdings llc error: an error has occured, please try again. if the problem persists contact customer service at 1-800-590-5987 close ....