来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20171204044950/https://www.fatbraintoys.com/about_us/testimonials.cfm
================================================================================

fat brain toys customer testimonials delivers in 4 business days to california for just $3.99! my cart 0 1-800-590-5987 help sign in delivers in 4 business days to california for just $3.99! menu 0 about us giftbot invented here shop by age top toys by age babies toddlers 1 year olds 2 year olds 3 year olds 4 year olds 5 year olds 6 year olds 7 year olds 8 year olds 9 year olds 10 year olds 11 year olds 12 year olds teens adults seniors top toys for boys baby boys toddler boys 1 year old boys 2 year old boys 3 year old boys 4 year old boys 5 year old boys 6 year old boys 7 year old boys 8 year old boys 9 year old boys 10 year old boys 11 year old boys 12 year old boys teen boys men seniors top toys for girls baby girls toddler girls 1 year old girls 2 year old girls 3 year old girls 4 year old girls 5 year old girls 6 year old girls 7 year old girls 8 year old girls 9 year old girls 10 year old girls 11 year old girls 12 year old girls teen girls women seniors best sellers view best sellers updated daily, check out our "best sellers" list to see what toys and games are trending! new releases view new items we travel the world searching for quality, innovative toys and games. check out our newest products to see the latest and greatest! categories categories active play arts & crafts baby toys & gifts bath toys books brainteasers building & construction classic & retro toys dolls & dollhouses early learning toys games gear & apparel history & geography imaginative play kites, planes & rockets magnets & magnetism maker & diy kits mind & body music office & desk toys organic & green toys outdoor toys playroom and bedroom furnishings plush puzzles rc & electronics science & nature stem toys trains & vehicles travel toys wooden toys interests interests architecture & engineering ballet balloons baseball basketball beach & sand birds boats & ships bugs cars, trucks & trains castles cats christian coins & money construction cooking dance dinosaurs dogs dolls dragons fairies fairy tales family farm fashion & design fire & rescue fishing football foreign languages friends gardening geography glow in the dark golf history hockey horses interior design love magic math mazes motorcycles music ocean outdoor adventure patriotic pets photography pirates planes princesses rabbits reading & writing robots rock n roll role play & costumes school science skating soccer space swimming tech toys american made american made no one carries a larger selection of american made toys than fat brain toys! name store name store looking for a truly unique gift? check out our name store for original and thoughtful personalized gifts! 1-800-590-5987 help live chat shop by age best sellers new releases × holiday shipping schedule to assure delivery in time for christmas, please reference the following chart: ship method latest ship date delivery date ups ground dec 15th, 3:00 p.m. cst dec 22nd 3-day select dec 18th, 5:00 p.m. cst dec 22nd 2nd day air dec 20th, 5:00 p.m. cst dec 22nd next day air dec 21st, 5:00 p.m. cst dec 22nd express shipping ups ground is our standard method of shipping which can vary from 2-5 business days for delivery. however, we also offer you the opportunity to use ups' express shipment options, including 3-day select, 2nd day air, and next day air. shipping information the majority of orders for in-stock items purchased during our peak season are shipped within 24 hours. orders are shipped from our warehouse in omaha, nebraska - smack dab in the middle of the country - so allow 3-4 business days shipping time to either coast using standard shipping, while other locations will vary from 2 to 3 business days. available inventory we stock nearly every product that we sell...and we keep a lot of product in stock. unlike most online retailers, we like to give our customers as much information as we can so that you can feel confident in your buying decision. one such piece of information is actual stock levels. on each and every product page, you'll find a very accurate count of available inventory at that given moment. this should give you the confidence that not only is the item in stock, but we actually have "n" number of units available to ship. backordered product if a product is listed as "backordered" or "currently on order", that means that we are waiting on a shipment from the manufacturer. at this time of the year, our manufacturers occasionally get bogged down. as a result, we're unable to guarantee holiday delivery for items that are backordered. out of stock products if a product is listed as "out of stock" or "not currently available for purchase", it means that we have sold our entire inventory of that product and will not be getting more prior to the holidays. alaska, hawaii, u.s. territories, apo/fpo because ups ground is not an option for these areas, we ship through the us postal service. unfortunately, when shipping usps, you'll need to allow several additional days for it to be shipped and we also do not have the granular level of tracking that we do with ups. if you're having an order shipped to one of these areas, we strongly encourage you to place your order before december 13th to allow adequate time for delivery. international orders if you're having an order shipped internationally and want it delivered for the holidays, we suggest that you place your order no later than december 5th. however, because delivery times vary so widely from country to country, we cannot guarantee international deliveries before the holidays. after the sale support we're here to support you before and after your purchase. unlike some large online companies who will only communicate with you via email, we're always just a phone call away! just call us toll-free at 1-800-590-5987 and let us know how we can help. bottom line we want your holidays to be joyful and hassle-free - that's what we're here for. we'll do everything in our power to insure that you receive what you ordered and in time for the holidays. if we can't, we will communicate that to you well in advance so that you can make other arrangements. if the above doesn't answer your questions, we encourage you to either email us at cs@fatbraintoys.com or call us toll-free at 1-800-590-5987. × sign in create account? - forgot password forgot password get exclusive deals & more! you have signed up for deals & more! by subscribing you are agreeing to receive our weekly email which includes exclusive offers. home about fat brain toys customer testimonials toggle navigation about us menu welcome our story videos mission statement our causes team jack foundation happy camper run retail stores omaha overland park our catalog testimonials where in the world? join our team contact us submit products recent testimonials from our wonderful customers we're not usually the bragging type, so we let our customers do the talking. the following sampling of testimonials should give you some sense of the frequency and quantity of positive feedback we receive from our customers. i was sent to fat brain and had even researched it online but i was still overwhelmed at the store with "where do i begin!" the ladies at the store were super cool, down to earth, very knowledgeable, didn't crowd me but when they saw i was lost they jumped right in! all of that is very rare in this day and age. at my age it is very much appreciated! rhonda, omaha, ne january 5, 2018 we will most certainly be coming back for more toys from fat brain toys! we've already started a huge wish list for some upcoming birthdays in our house. i love that they're sturdy made toys, that alllllll build some brain power (without feeling like an educational toy). we bought a spinagain for my older son, whose autistic, and we will definitely be buying more toys from here specifically for him to help with sensory needs, repetitive behaviors, hand-eye-coordination and more. we are so thankful we found fat brain toys for both our boys! kathrine harlan, fairborn, oh january 2, 2018 this is my first time ordering with fat brain toys and i have to say i loved every aspect of the process. the website is such a helpful resource for ordering and the entire experience was seamless and efficient. it was fun looking for the best unique toys to gift for this holiday. i will certainly be ordering again, and will recommend this site to my friends. elizabeth a. cote, saint augustine, fl december 31, 2017 this was my first order from fat brain toys. i was amazed that it took only 5 hours from the time i placed the order to the time it was shipped! received the product in less than 48 hours & the shipping was free. i ordered other items from fat brain toys & they also were shipped within hours of placing the order. i am so pleased with the products offered by fat brain toys. there are so many interesting & fun toys for children of all ages. my granddaughters will have hours of fun with their fat brain toys! wendy gramadzki, centennial, co december 30, 2017 i love the toys and games offered by fat brain toys. i always know they will be good quality, and they will challenge the children rather than just occupying their time. the website makes it easy to find gifts by age or interest, and the shipping is quick and very reasonably priced. since finding fat brain, i no longer shop anywhere else for toys. sue martin, delmar, ny december 28, 2017 great company they have the most interesting and educational toys i've seen. love their search options and very quick delivery. this item shipped in less than an hour after i placed the order and arrived quickly. thomas conway, colorado springs, co december 28, 2017 love you guys! i bought other toys from y'all that he just adores! your reviews and customer feedback is spot on. i have no kids, and therefore no idea what the kids will actually play with. your website's recommendations were extremely helpful for me. i will use your website often, i am sure. things arrived on time--all expectations met or exceeded. thank you. kim kelley, weatherford, tx december 28, 2017 first time ordering from fat brain...and loved the experience...not only do we love the toys and the idea behind them, but they promptly arrived at my home!!! especially during this christmas season! i will definitely order again and tell others about these toys! thanks again for a wonderful experience and amazing products! suranne lederer, littleton, co december 28, 2017 these people are the bomb. they are friendly, at a time of the year when toy stores are packed and usually full of stressed out people doing last minute gift shopping (this guy). they gift wrapped the presents, and left post it notes on the outside so i knew what each gift was. they also wrapped the presents so it looked like an adult wrapped them, rather than when i wrap like a 8 year old full of mountain dew. nice job fat brain toys. nice job!!! lucas mcalpin, omaha, ne december 28, 2017 i love this store - online and in person! the staff is always so helpful in finding the perfect gift for my kiddos. the products actually engage a child's imagination and problem-solving skills....and creativity is cultivated in almost every toy! it's my one-stop-shop for birthdays, holidays, and every-day fun. cyndi s johnson, omaha, ne december 28, 2017 fat brain was amazing. my daughter had received an offbits set (bababit) as a gift in mid-december and on december 19th told us how much she would love another set (carebit) so she could expand her mix-and-matching capabilities. "santa mom" figured it was a lost cause this close to christmas, but i went to fat brain and ordered it (and a vehicle, because wheels!). i hardly believed it would get here in two days as the shipping info said--and for $3.99!--but it was worth a shot. the fat brain folks had that order shipped in less than an hour, and it got here on time on december 21st. it was painless, the product in great shape, and she's busily building little robot creatures to her heart's content. thank you, fb! kristin connolly, aurora, il december 27, 2017 i really love your company. i have 1 nephew,1 great nephew, and 1 great niece. i find your company's website so easy to use. i don't fret over what to select for each child because of your gender and age scale of gifts. your shipping has always been very reliable too. as the gift recipients are all out of state, this is very important for me. the follow-up to me regarding the shipping and receiving of the gifts is appreciated. i like to be kept informed and your company does a stellar job. all in all i would give you an a+ marlene ward, overbrook, ok december 26, 2017 love this company. had been ordering from here for years.. easy ordering, fast and inexpensive shipppng. purchase for 6 grandchildren ages 5-15, one with autism. always able to find something appropriate for each child. descriptions of products and videos very helpful. this website is always my first go to when i need a birthday or holiday gift for someone. , kent, oh december 21, 2017 best company i have ordered from this holiday season... and probably ever! i got a beautiful custom-made name puzzle for my son. creation, processing, and receipt of the product happened within three days. thank you guys! candace hernandez, santa fe, nm december 13, 2017 fat brain toys is one of my favorite places to buy gifts! they always carry some great products that you can't find anywhere else, and their shipping is better and faster than any other online company i have ever ordered from! , cleveland, oh december 8, 2017 wonderful!!! i'd never heard of it before this and then they offered the lowest price on this product. shipping was fast and cheap. i then visited the website and found some amazing, high quality products for my children for a decent price!! can't wait to re-visit for some more christmas gifts. kayla mcdermit december 7, 2017 i wish i had had access to your products when my boys were growing up! i didn't even know some of these toys were even available anymore. but when i got your catalog, i knew i'd found a treasure-chest of future gifts for my great-nieces and nephews and my grand-daughter. i gave your catalog to my sister, who has four grand-children and one great-niece. m. pecor december 6, 2017 fat brain toys is the only place i will be shopping for my grandkids from here on out ! also going to shop there for any "new baby" presents i need to buy. i loved the toys anc really liked the helpful staff by being in the store roaming to answer any questions and give suggestions. diane gazda, omaha, ne november 30, 2017 i love fat brain toys! we always have so much fun coming into the store and seeing all of the different toys and games set up. every year my son anxiously waits for the christmas toy catalog to come out so he can make his christmas list. it's wonderful to have an intimate toy store with a wide variety of toys and games that are both fun and educational. cal harper, omaha, ne november 30, 2017 fat brain toys is a wonderful company to work with. their customer service is excellent, and shipping is super fast. i am now hooked on fat brain toys! the quality is great and i like how they review toys for developmental appropriateness. this ensures that my child will receive a toy that is not frustrating. fat brain toys is money well spent. again, excellent quality! a company you can trust! jessica dawkins, defuniak springs, fl november 28, 2017 i really like this store--good quality, educational, developmental toys; not overwhelming in size--never a stampede to grab something off the shelf that the kids want, but breaks the first few times they use them. friendly staff, free giftwrap (!!), and cookies! i enjoy shopping here. the catalogs are great--found the items i wanted in the catalog, then went to the store to purchase. grandma v, omaha, ne november 28, 2017 very impressed with the quality of all toys we have received from fat brain as well as their excellent service. they kept us informed on the order, shipping was fast, packaging was done properly - great company! tn mamee, rogersville, tn november 26, 2017 fat brain is our favorite store. we buy all our birthday and holiday gifts here. the staff is incredibly helpful and knowledgeable. i like being able to go into the store and having someone point me in the right direction each time within a couple of minutes. laria shea, omaha, ne november 23, 2017 we love everything we get from fat brain! i know it's going to be high quality and have an extra learning component not just another toy. , friend, ne november 20, 2017 great customer service by fat brain. call them up if you need to speak with someone - an actual human answers right away and takes care of you. very friendly service. , new york, ny november 20, 2017 wow! from the delivery to packaging to the toys themselves, i was so impressed. there will be a lot of fat brain packages under the tree now!! i too used to always try to find quality, educational toys! so glad u r here for my lil grandson! hope reid, casselberry, fl november 19, 2017 my first purchase of a toy for a little kid, which of course implies this is my first purchase at fat brain toys. i did a quick google search for "toy 3 year old boy", and the fat brain toys website immediately caught my attention. my dad use to buy mostly "smart" toys, so we kids would be encouraged to learn and to think. now it's my turn, and i agree with my dad's approach. paolo lamponi, midvale, ut november 18, 2017 my first time ordering with this company. being a former teacher i was glad to find a company who sells educational products that are fun to play with and inspire creativity. excellent service and love the flat 3.99 rate! mimi, grand rapids, mi november 16, 2017 love fat brain! they are so helpful every time we go! one time i called and asked for a gift for a specific age and price range - they had it wrapped, brought it out to my car and took my payment right there so i didn't have to get out in the cold with little kiddos! they are an 11 out of 10 stars!! ak, omaha, ne november 15, 2017 fat brain toys provides the best customer service out there. if you have to call customer service, there is a live person on the phone who is always so helpful. would highly recommend fat brain toys to educators, parents, grandparents, and anyone shopping for high quality toys/gifts. lonni gause, san jose, ca november 14, 2017 i stumbled across this site from a google search and so glad i did! there is a wide range of toys to choose from and i love that many toys are also great learning devices and could be used in multiple ways. also, not everything revolves around electronics so kids can use their own imagination. i have a nephew who is about to turn 10 and a niece who is 2 that has cp and vision impairments. this site allows me to explore great gift options for both of them! also, love the $3.99 flat rate shipping. will certainly be buying more toys from this site! stacy, east bethel, mn november 10, 2017 i unexpectedly learned about fat brain toys a few months ago, conducting research on the best presents to give to a young boy turning 3 years of age. i then bought a set of 4 puzzles of construction materials, like a cement truck, plow, etc. my nephew was ecstatic receiving the present and enjoyed, and still enjoys, putting the puzzles together. i appreciate the wide selection of toys, the ease of purchase, the cost of purchases, and the timely delivery of purchases from fat brain toys. most importantly, it's a great company that strongly supports the cognitive development of children. john e. snyder, duncansville, pa november 5, 2017 i have been in love with fat brain toys for 9 years since we first discovered it when my son was 2. he is now 11 and my daughter 8 and it is a tradition that for christmas and usually birthday at least 2 or 3 gifts come from fat brain toys and they are always something unique none of their friends have. it's my favorite part of christmas shopping. i start online and then head to the store. suzanne doupnik, omaha, ne october 31, 2017 this was my first purchase a fat brain, and i am delighted. the shipping cost is competitive, and the optional gift bag is also priced fairly. there is communication throughout the entire buying process, all the way through receiving. and, a followup survey. this company's got their business together - hoping it stays consistent as i am sure this company will continue to grow. i am surely going to purchase items from fat brain again :) aurorajoy, glendale, ny october 26, 2017 i love this site and the products offered. it's my go-to when selecting any type of game or toy for our grandchildren, and our friends' children. every time we gift something from fat brain toys, we get rave reviews from the children and their parents. it's a great feeling to know we have this resource. , sioux city, ia october 26, 2017 we received the product in two days! how is that for shipping speed? and the shipping cost was lower than what other companies are charging! there was a personal touch and a thoroughness to filling my order that keeps me coming back to fat brain to buy toys for children. timothy mccorkendale, california city, ca october 24, 2017 you can never go wrong with a fat brain toy purchase. price is always right, and all of my nieces and nephews have loved every toy i have purchased from here. alexis c., granville, il october 24, 2017 i love everything about the overall experience! the word i keep thinking of is quality. the product itself, the ease of the website and even the wording and communication from the emails. top notch! kathleen miller, castalia, oh october 24, 2017 website and ordering was simple and quick, and the email notifications let me know exactly when the toy would arrive. i also love the reviews and that all of the toys are educational. i know that when i buy from fat brain toys i am getting the best. i could buy similar products from other retailers but i trust fat brain toys for their quality and commitment to educational and fun products. jennifer rogers, norwich, ct october 24, 2017 i started buying from fat brain toys 3 years ago. i googled award winning toys, and came up with fat brain. every single toy i buy for my grandchildren are winners. the toys are well made and can be passed down from child to child for generations. i don't know any other website, let alone toy store that gives such a wide variety to buy from. fat brain only sells toys that are award winning or prove to be an a+ toy! whether the goal is to progress developmentally, or to enhance good ole competition, fat brain meets my high standard goals for purchasing toys for family fun!! c. knight, salt lake city, ut october 17, 2017 i love to buy from fat brain toys. the products are always of excellent quality & age-appropriate. service is also excellent. as a bonus, my grandchildren loved the bags i got for the gifts. played sack race with them & had a wonderful time! kelly epstein, spring, tx october 16, 2017 love fat brain toys, whenever i need a gift for a child that is the only place i go. i love that the toys there are not electronic and make children use their imaginations. i also appreciate that most of their toys have an education value. they also gift wrap for free which saves me so much time and they do an awesome job! erica snow, omaha, ne october 13, 2017 my first stop for toys. love the website that let's me filter by age, gender, and toy category. so easy to find great stuff! plus the reviews, descriptions and videos give me confidence that what i see is what i will get. alison woods, hardwick, nj october 12, 2017 awesome ordering and delivery within two days. the website was so helpful to find a great age-appropriate choice. you guys are the best! my first purchase and now i'm hooked. mary teslow, franklin, nc october 11, 2017 absolutely fantastic purchase experience. items and prices were clearly marked - i knew exactly what i was getting. i appreciate the ranking of toys within different age divisions to help me find the best toys for my little ones. i also appreciated seeing the ages of children that others made the same purchase for. jacquelynn conger, baytown, tx october 5, 2017 love fat brain toys! i go here every time i need to get something for my son for a gift or friends or family. their rating system and toy selection features things that are creative and enhance play. would recommend them to anyone! , van nuys, ca october 1, 2017 it is just a downright fun item. patricia wakely, bloomington, mn september 21, 2017 i love love love fat brain toys. prices are wonderful and quality is over the top. an added bonus is the very reasonable shipping. product arrives very quickly and packed for protection. i can't say enough about how happy i am with the products i have ordered. the only fallback (lol) is that when i go to the sight i just cannot say no to so many products and my wish list is huge! love the variety of ways that you can select a toy! great company and customer service is awesome! , stratton, ne september 20, 2017 best place to buy toys. great selection. great descriptions, many with videos showing use of toy. very helpful to understand how toy works and know if it really performs as claimed. have many toys i can't find anywhere else. rarely have to hunt elsewhere. reasonable prices. best delivery on internet. very rapid delivery at low/no cost. well packaged for safe arrival. ja, wheaton, il september 18, 2017 i'm a happy customer of many years. the fact that i keep coming back to you and trust your recommendations when shopping for boys and girls of different ages, tells you that you are doing a phenomenal job! thank you for all your great services! barbara seng, centreville, va september 15, 2017 i love your toys that are offered as they are very engaging and promote activity versus some of the video type toys. it is very apparent that your company has given a great deal of study to offer toys that promote intellectual growth and engaging others to enjoy, too. joan atkeison, franklin, tn september 15, 2017 love fat brain toys!! i used to live in omaha and discovered it then. we now live in south carolina and since i have grandchildren i love to order items online. when i was in omaha recently i bought some new items. the staff is friendly and made some excellent suggestions. the free gift wrap is an added bonus, plus the flat rate shipping makes ordering online attractive. cindy h, omaha, ne september 14, 2017 fat brain toys is such a fun store with actual toys (not just electronics) for children. i love buying gifts for my niece and nephew here! :) kayleena, overland park, ks september 10, 2017 everything i have ordered from fat brain toys has exceeded my expectations, well made beautiful items that are quickly received! angelique poloway, phoenixville, pa august 30, 2017 my husband and i came to fat brain toys out of curiosity. "was this going to be another toy store, or something more?" we were happy to find that this store was "something more." the store was full of thinking games, hands on crafts, science projects, building sets, and other small odds and ends. everything around us was educational, but in a way that helped kids play and learn at the same time. since we have small children (3 and 5 years old), we gravitated over to the building substance on a table. within less than a minute, we were greeted by a helpful staff member that explained what we were look at and later gave us a tour of the store while giving us suggestions on other things in that would be fun for our children's age. we were very impressed. we felt like we were getting treated with the utmost care. long story short, we loved our visit to fat brain toys. we can't wait to come back. rachel l olsen, overland park, ks august 24, 2017 i can always count on you guys to provide a great selection of awesome, educational, fun toys in different price ranges that you just don't see in other stores. love how the website filters toys according to the child's age as well... it makes it much easier to shop! rock on, fatbrainers! cheryl kenyon, clarks summit, pa august 21, 2017 i am a preschool teacher at the goddard school of cave creek, arizona, and i always buy from fat brain toys. i have found the quality of each item i have ordered is well above any other store. i also use the items i order to make some of my lesson plans, as they fit in well to teach "steam." julia brown, phoenix, az august 18, 2017 the selection of toys at fat brain toys is the best. the service is also the best. i have recommended fat brain toys to many friends with confidence that they will find something wonderful for the children in their lives. patricia gibson, uxbridge, ma august 15, 2017 everything i have ever ordered from this sight have been extremely well made-worth-every-penny kind of purchase. i have not been disappointed once. fat brain toys gives me options on items that not everyone else would be able to find, making my gift giving a unique experience. lynn sobol, coventry, ct august 14, 2017 great experience online and extremely helpful staff, who after reviewing my order, made a phone call to confirm whether i wasn't missing an additional gift bag, as i only included one but had 2 recipients and 2 birthday greetings. appreciate the care and level of detail provided on your web site for recommendation of toys by age and their ranking. , minnetonka, mn august 10, 2017 i loved ordering a lot of my son's birthday presents from fat brain toys! the shipping was extremely fast and everything was packed well. the e-mail updates on my order were easy to follow and helpful! i loved the personalization of the company, they don't make you feel like just another mass consumer lost in a sea of customers. morgan bond, ingleside, il july 27, 2017 fat brain toys has become my go-to - they have selected interesting toys i can't find elsewhere. and the descriptions of the items are thorough. there is so much variety i could browse for hours on the site - if only my babe would let me!! susan brennan, brooklyn, ny july 27, 2017 the toys are always unique, creative and challenge the mind!! every toy i have given as a gift has been a hit with the child. i highly recommend them ! mariann turner, palm hardor, fl july 27, 2017 i really appreciate that fat brain toys categorizes their items by age appropriateness! it's so nice not to wonder what a five year old boy would like!! and i appreciate that many of the toys offered are educational in nature as i want to encourage the kids in my life to love learning! thank you fat brain toys! liana allen, snohomish, wa july 27, 2017 i can't say enough about fat brain toys. i would highly recommend them. i placed my order, and it ended up being on backorder. i emailed informing them it was a gift, and i needed it sooner. they found the item at a near by distributor, and sent me that one on time. the extra effort was appreciated. tisha, victoria, tx july 24, 2017 i love the toys at fat brain. they're not particularly gender-specific, and they just bring out the curiosity in a child - and an adult! theresa waters, brownwood, tx july 20, 2017 love fat brain toys! great selection of thoughtful, high quality toys. the different search filters really help to find just the right toy. very competitively priced with reasonable and super-fast shipping; anything i've ever ordered has arrived in two-three days (same as my amazon prime membership)! roxana thisse, evanston, il july 18, 2017 great on all levels! customer service cannot be beat. the time it took between placing my order, the item being shipped, the gift being delivered was fantastic! will definitely order again from fat brain! caroline r williams, kingsport, tn july 11, 2017 i have ordered so many things from fat brain toys and will continue to do so. the product descriptions are very accurate. everything i have ordered has been well made. there was only one exception and fat brain toys promptly took care of me. the products are promptly shipped and always arrives in perfect condition. i love the inexpensive optional fabric gift bags! shawnda goodson, vancouver, wa july 10, 2017 easy to navigate site. lots of choices. karen smith, whitesville, ny july 10, 2017 i love shopping at fat brain. the toys are interesting and educational and great quality. the shipping is very inexpensive, making it possible for me to order toys and have them sent directly to my nephews. nell murrell, saint clairsville, oh july 10, 2017 always easy to do business with them..very efficient , pueblo, co july 10, 2017 we have ordered other items from fat brain toys. they really understand what kids like. the toys are educational and fun. reasonably priced, too. we have not been disappointed with any of the gifts and our grandkids have liked all the toys they've received. , racine, wi july 9, 2017 i have ordered fat brain toys for grandsons for more than five years and have always been satisfied - i should also say that the boys have been happy with their fat brain gifts. betty r., trinity, fl july 9, 2017 fat brain has the best selection and incredibly fast shipping! heather w, nashville, tn july 9, 2017 wonderful customer service! i called them about a different gift order and they were very helpful! elizabeth hwang, sunnyvale, ca july 9, 2017 quick shipping. excellent website for ordering carla gilman, mount pleasant, sc july 8, 2017 my first time and what a great experience.i strongly recommend this company. risheenand parasram, brentwood, ny july 8, 2017 great variety, ease of ordering , quick delivery. , richmond, va july 8, 2017 we love fat brain toys, great selection! d christofore, overland park, ks july 8, 2017 awesome customer service. super fast shipping. website is easy to navigate kat, indianapolis, in july 7, 2017 fat brain toys is now my go to for toy purchasing. the delivery was great. ellyn, east brunswick,, nj july 7, 2017 they were quick and i have ordered many times from this website. love how they have it divided with the age appropriate items. wonderful site jane brust, clermont, fl july 7, 2017 every toy that i have purchased from fat brain has been excellent and my grandkids have been very pleased with their gifts. good value! ellen mens, perrysburg, oh july 6, 2017 loved the store! we will be back for all our future toy purchases. elizabeth bunger, overland park, ks july 6, 2017 great company to buy from; very professional cheryl, omaha, ne july 6, 2017 excellent service. quick turn around of placed order and delivery; even with a personalized item amanda kulabonish, centreville, md july 6, 2017 always excellent service! we have many fat brain toys. happy to see they have legos too! , the woodlands, tx july 6, 2017 fat brain toys sent this toy immediately. it was packaged well and came in great shape. i appreciated their quick service. maggie advey, painesville, oh july 6, 2017 as always, fat brain associates were helpful and polite. hannah glenn, omaha, ne july 6, 2017 i was concerned that i wouldn't get the item in time for my niece's birthday party, since this is a custom product. fat brain toys shipped my order within 12 hours of me placing it! it showed up right on time. kevin sloane, meridian, id july 6, 2017 i have 7 children and 9 grandchildren and have bought from you for both of these generations! i love having you as an option. i have given some of my most loved gifts from here. desert k cowart, tucson, az july 5, 2017 overall selection is great, easy on line shopping experience, and shipping is very prompt! robin t, massillon, oh july 5, 2017 first experience with fat brain toys... highly recommend their service and products. pamela mandulak, raleigh, nc july 5, 2017 very creative and unique gift options. cindy, fredricksburg, tx july 5, 2017 very impressed with fat brain toys. i will recommend fat brain toys to friends. edward f., north reading, ma july 5, 2017 my favorite toy store! i love the search by age feature. katie knierim, glasgow, mt july 5, 2017 good service. quick delivery. jonene nelson, philadelphia, pa july 5, 2017 we love fat brain toys!!! best place to go right before a last minute birthday party to get a great gift and have it wrapped! ashley bedlan, omaha, ne july 5, 2017 shipped same day ordered. very fast service! kim pearson, jamul, ca july 4, 2017 read more testimonials... get exclusive deals & more! subscribe customer service customer service contact us order status return authorization faqs toy safety info privacy policy about us about us our story mission stores our causes testimonials wholesale shop shop coming soon birthday gift ideas top kids toys new toys for kids christmas toys toy catalog best toys by age connect extras play blog for business educators extra credit birthday club special needs websrv6.fatbraintoys.com copyright © 2003-2018 fat brain holdings llc. all rights reserved.fat brain toys® is a registered service mark of fat brain holdings llc error: an error has occured, please try again. if the problem persists contact customer service at 1-800-590-5987 close ....