来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20171204044950/https://www.fatbraintoys.com/info/faq.cfm
================================================================================

educational toys & learning toys from fat brain toys delivers in 4 business days to california for just $3.99! my cart 0 1-800-590-5987 help sign in delivers in 4 business days to california for just $3.99! menu 0 about us giftbot invented here shop by age top toys by age babies toddlers 1 year olds 2 year olds 3 year olds 4 year olds 5 year olds 6 year olds 7 year olds 8 year olds 9 year olds 10 year olds 11 year olds 12 year olds teens adults seniors top toys for boys baby boys toddler boys 1 year old boys 2 year old boys 3 year old boys 4 year old boys 5 year old boys 6 year old boys 7 year old boys 8 year old boys 9 year old boys 10 year old boys 11 year old boys 12 year old boys teen boys men seniors top toys for girls baby girls toddler girls 1 year old girls 2 year old girls 3 year old girls 4 year old girls 5 year old girls 6 year old girls 7 year old girls 8 year old girls 9 year old girls 10 year old girls 11 year old girls 12 year old girls teen girls women seniors best sellers view best sellers updated daily, check out our "best sellers" list to see what toys and games are trending! new releases view new items we travel the world searching for quality, innovative toys and games. check out our newest products to see the latest and greatest! categories categories active play arts & crafts baby toys & gifts bath toys books brainteasers building & construction classic & retro toys dolls & dollhouses early learning toys games gear & apparel history & geography imaginative play kites, planes & rockets magnets & magnetism maker & diy kits mind & body music office & desk toys organic & green toys outdoor toys playroom and bedroom furnishings plush puzzles rc & electronics science & nature stem toys trains & vehicles travel toys wooden toys interests interests architecture & engineering ballet balloons baseball basketball beach & sand birds boats & ships bugs cars, trucks & trains castles cats christian coins & money construction cooking dance dinosaurs dogs dolls dragons fairies fairy tales family farm fashion & design fire & rescue fishing football foreign languages friends gardening geography glow in the dark golf history hockey horses interior design love magic math mazes motorcycles music ocean outdoor adventure patriotic pets photography pirates planes princesses rabbits reading & writing robots rock n roll role play & costumes school science skating soccer space swimming tech toys american made american made no one carries a larger selection of american made toys than fat brain toys! name store name store looking for a truly unique gift? check out our name store for original and thoughtful personalized gifts! 1-800-590-5987 help live chat shop by age best sellers new releases × holiday shipping schedule to assure delivery in time for christmas, please reference the following chart: ship method latest ship date delivery date ups ground dec 15th, 3:00 p.m. cst dec 22nd 3-day select dec 18th, 5:00 p.m. cst dec 22nd 2nd day air dec 20th, 5:00 p.m. cst dec 22nd next day air dec 21st, 5:00 p.m. cst dec 22nd express shipping ups ground is our standard method of shipping which can vary from 2-5 business days for delivery. however, we also offer you the opportunity to use ups' express shipment options, including 3-day select, 2nd day air, and next day air. shipping information the majority of orders for in-stock items purchased during our peak season are shipped within 24 hours. orders are shipped from our warehouse in omaha, nebraska - smack dab in the middle of the country - so allow 3-4 business days shipping time to either coast using standard shipping, while other locations will vary from 2 to 3 business days. available inventory we stock nearly every product that we sell...and we keep a lot of product in stock. unlike most online retailers, we like to give our customers as much information as we can so that you can feel confident in your buying decision. one such piece of information is actual stock levels. on each and every product page, you'll find a very accurate count of available inventory at that given moment. this should give you the confidence that not only is the item in stock, but we actually have "n" number of units available to ship. backordered product if a product is listed as "backordered" or "currently on order", that means that we are waiting on a shipment from the manufacturer. at this time of the year, our manufacturers occasionally get bogged down. as a result, we're unable to guarantee holiday delivery for items that are backordered. out of stock products if a product is listed as "out of stock" or "not currently available for purchase", it means that we have sold our entire inventory of that product and will not be getting more prior to the holidays. alaska, hawaii, u.s. territories, apo/fpo because ups ground is not an option for these areas, we ship through the us postal service. unfortunately, when shipping usps, you'll need to allow several additional days for it to be shipped and we also do not have the granular level of tracking that we do with ups. if you're having an order shipped to one of these areas, we strongly encourage you to place your order before december 13th to allow adequate time for delivery. international orders if you're having an order shipped internationally and want it delivered for the holidays, we suggest that you place your order no later than december 5th. however, because delivery times vary so widely from country to country, we cannot guarantee international deliveries before the holidays. after the sale support we're here to support you before and after your purchase. unlike some large online companies who will only communicate with you via email, we're always just a phone call away! just call us toll-free at 1-800-590-5987 and let us know how we can help. bottom line we want your holidays to be joyful and hassle-free - that's what we're here for. we'll do everything in our power to insure that you receive what you ordered and in time for the holidays. if we can't, we will communicate that to you well in advance so that you can make other arrangements. if the above doesn't answer your questions, we encourage you to either email us at cs@fatbraintoys.com or call us toll-free at 1-800-590-5987. × sign in create account? - forgot password forgot password get exclusive deals & more! you have signed up for deals & more! by subscribing you are agreeing to receive our weekly email which includes exclusive offers. home frequently asked questions show all hide all shipping how much will it cost to ship my order? if you ship to a physical (street) address within the contiguous 48 states, we offer $3.99 flat rate shipping through ups. if you ship to a po box, usps shipping rates will apply. do you ship internationally? yes, we do! just change the flag at the top of our homepage to convert all prices to your preferred currency and remove items from your shopping experience that are unavailable to ship to your region. do you ship to apo boxes? yes, we do! postal service, apo, dpo, and fpo shipping rates apply (½ price shipping for military). the us postal service will deliver to the military post office, which then delivers the package to the military location. do you offer in-store pick-up? yes, we do! our flagship store is located in omaha, nebraska, and our second brick-and-mortar store is located in overland park in the kansas city, kansas area. if your zip code is near either of our stores, a ship-to-store option will show up on the check-out page. there is no shipping charge to pick up an order in one of our stores, although sales tax is calculated for those locations. how can i look at more shipping options? if you place an item in your cart and select “click here to estimate shipping costs...” you will be able to enter your zip code and see multiple shipping costs for ups and usps for standard and expedited shipping. these options will also show up under the shipping options during the check-out process. how much will it cost to ship to another country? if you change the flag at the top of our homepage to reflect the country you are shopping from—and shipping to—you will see more (and better!) shipping options through ups i-parcel. flat rate shipping is not available outside the contiguous 48 us states, but ups i-parcel offers competitive shipping rates internationally. my order hasn’t shipped because something was on backorder; what should i do? if an item is on backorder, it will be marked as such in your cart during checkout. backordered items do not split out automatically. if you wish to split the order so the rest of your order ships sooner, please call our customer care staff toll-free at 1-800-590-5987 and they can split your order for you. if items in my order ship separately, will i be charged extra? as long as you place one single order shipping to one address, you will not be charged extra shipping for a split order. when can i expect my order to ship? most of our orders ship within 24 hours! depending on the time of year, some orders ship within a couple hours! can i ship to a us address when i live abroad? yes! change the flag on our homepage to the us flag so that it will show you us shipping options. currency will be in us dollars, and conversion rates may apply (please check with your credit card company, or payment company). return what is your return policy? you can see our full return policy on our return authorization page.. what do i need to know before i start the return process? you need your order number and access to a printer. how long do i have to return an item? all returns must be made within 90 days of purchase. i need to return an opened item that was received broken. please call our customer care staff toll-free at 1-800-590-5987. when you describe the damage to them, they can assist with a replacement. please save the box and all packaging paper as a claim with ups may be required. i opened the item and played with it and didn’t like it. we want you to be 100% satisfied with your order! you can either start the return authorization process yourself online or call our customer care staff toll-free at 1-800-590-5987. opened items can be returned for a gift certificate within 90 days of purchase. some exceptions apply. i didn’t open the item. you can return the new, unopened item for a full refund to the payment method you used. some exceptions apply. can i return/exchange a gift without the purchaser knowing? yes! you will need to call our customer care staff toll-free at 1-800-590-5987 so they can look up the original order (unless grandma or great-aunt hazel sent you the receipt with the order number) and advise you how to continue. if you already have the order number (you can find it on the shipping receipt if the package was shipped directly to you), you can also complete the return authorization online. make sure you select the box next to “this item was a gift” so that you can input your own contact information—this ensures that the purchaser is never notified of your return/exchange. how should i package my return? if possible, please use the original box and packing papers we shipped to you. this helps ensure that the item is not damaged during return shipping. however, if the original package was damaged during shipping, please put the returning item into an appropriate-sized shipping box. when can i expect my return to be processed? most returns are processed within 3-5 business days after we receive the return in our warehouse. will i be charged shipping for my return? as long as you fill out the return authorization and use our shipping label, shipping costs are covered. international orders, however, are excluded from the free return label process. payment what payment types do you accept? we accept visa, mastercard, discover, and american express credit cards and gift cards, debit cards, paypal, and amazon payments. i’m an amazon prime member; do i get free shipping? amazon prime member benefits do not apply to orders placed directly through fat brain toys. however, we do offer flat-rate shipping of $3.99 (see shipping faq). is your site secure? yes! you will see either a little lock in the corner next to our url, or the https that designates that our site is secure, depending on what type of browser you are using. how do i check the balance on my gift card? please call our customer care staff toll-free at 1-800-590-5987 and they can look up the balance for you. do you accept purchase orders? yes, we do! you can email purchase orders to po@fatbraintoys.com schools, government institutions, and businesses can see more about using a purchase order by clicking here. when will i be charged for my order? we charge when we ship, although you may see an “authorization” on your credit or debit card after you make the purchase. this is our system checking to make sure funds are available for your purchase. why do i see multiple charges on my card for one order? since we only charge when we physically ship an item, if you had any items that were backordered, you will see a separate charge when those items ship. why is the actual payment on my card higher than when i checked out? (international orders only) if you do not change the flag at the top of our website, you will see un-converted costs. if you do change the flag to the region you are shopping from, this will convert item prices and shipping costs to your own currency. your credit card may also charge currency conversion costs. check policies with your card company. special fat brain toys services do you offer gift wrap? if you either purchase in-store, or choose in-store pick-up, we do offer free gift wrap! if you are shopping online in a region where pick-up is not an option, we offer gift bags for $1.95 each on our site. add the number of gift bags to your cart before check-out. you can specify which toys go into a gift bag with a gift message. our warehouse has different sizes of bags and will choose a size accordingly. can i include a gift message with my order? you can add one (or more) gift messages to your order. during check-out, when you see the box marked “is this a gift?” select yes! you will then be able to type in a gift message and designate which toys go to that recipient. if you have more than one gift message, simply save the first one, then add another. if you purchased gift bags, the gift message will help our warehouse pack the correct toys into each bag. do you offer discounts to teachers & schools? yes, we do! we love teachers! if you are are an educator, including after-school programs, or a school, you can sign up for our educator’s extra credit program to receive 10% off every purchase you make. what is the birthday club? our birthday club can help you keep track of everyone’s birthdays! just input the name and birthday of your kids, grandkids, nieces, nephews, or anyone you know who likes to play. one month before their birthday, you will receive a reminder email with recommendations and a special offer. you must sign up for the birthday club and add the name and birthday at least 30 days before the date, to allow time for processing. what is team jack round-up? we want to see pediatric brain cancer eradicated! we have partnered up with the nonprofit organization, team jack, for a long-term fundraising partnership. round up your order and all of that money goes directly into research to combat brain cancer in children. together, we can make a difference! you can read more about our partnership and see a video about team jack by clicking here. general faq can i cancel my order before it ships? you can if you are fast enough! since we process orders quickly (most ship within 24 hours or much, much sooner!), you will need to call our customer care staff toll-free at1-800-590-5987, or use live chat online, so staff can check the real-time status of your order and let you know if it can be canceled. can i modify my order before it ships? you can if you are fast enough! since we process orders quickly (most ship within 24 hours or much, much sooner!), you will need to call our customer care staff toll-free at 1-800-590-5987, or use live chat online, so staff can check the real-time status of your order and let you know if any items can be added or removed from your order. what does it mean when it says an item is “backordered”? that means that it is out of stock, but that we are expecting it to be back in-stock soon. you can call our customer care staff toll-free at 1-800-590-5987 to have them check when we are expecting to receive that item, or to split your order. backordered items are not automatically split out, but customer care can split the order for you. (you will not be charged extra shipping for splitting the order.) can i see my order in a foreign currency? yes! at the top of our website, simply click the country flag and select your country. all prices will be converted into your home currency, and you will be able to see more (and better!) shipping methods to your country. i’m in nebraska and your toll-free number doesn’t work here. our local number is 402-779-3181. i’m an international customer and can’t call a toll-free number. international customers (except customers in canada, who can use the toll-free number) can call our local number (402-779-3181) by adding the country code. international call rates apply. i called at 4:45 pst and you weren’t there. our office is available to take calls until 5:00 p.m. cst. get exclusive deals & more! subscribe customer service customer service contact us order status return authorization faqs toy safety info privacy policy about us about us our story mission stores our causes testimonials wholesale shop shop coming soon birthday gift ideas top kids toys new toys for kids christmas toys toy catalog best toys by age connect extras play blog for business educators extra credit birthday club special needs websrv07.fbtdc.com copyright © 2003-2018 fat brain holdings llc. all rights reserved.fat brain toys® is a registered service mark of fat brain holdings llc error: an error has occured, please try again. if the problem persists contact customer service at 1-800-590-5987 close ....