来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20181223210606/https://www.fatbraintoys.com/about_us/testimonials.cfm
================================================================================

fat brain toys customer testimonials delivers in 4 business days to california for just $3.99! my cart 0 1-800-590-5987 help sign in delivers in 4 business days to california for just $3.99! menu sign in 0 giftbot about us history your browsing history view and edit view full history view full history shop by age top toys by age babies toddlers 1 year olds 2 year olds 3 year olds 4 year olds 5 year olds 6 year olds 7 year olds 8 year olds 9 year olds 10 year olds 11 year olds 12 year olds teens adults seniors babies toddlers 1 year olds 2 year olds 3 year olds 4 year olds 5 year olds 6 year olds 7 year olds 8 year olds 9 year olds 10 year olds 11 year olds 12 year olds teens adults seniors best sellers updated daily, check out our "best sellers" list to see what toys and games are trending! best sellers new releases we travel the world searching for quality, innovative toys and games. check out our new releases to see the latest and greatest! new releases categories top toy categories active play arts & crafts baby toys & gifts books brainteasers building & construction classic & retro toys games outdoor toys science & nature stem toys view all... active play arts & crafts baby toys & gifts books brainteasers building & construction classic & retro toys games outdoor toys science & nature stem toys view all... fat brain collection we are not just a seller of toys...we design, develop, and manufacture our own award-winning toys, games, and brainteasers - many you won’t find anywhere else! fat brain collection name store looking for a truly unique gift? check out our name store for original and thoughtful personalized gifts! name store more resources more toy resources toys by interest american made toys special needs birthday ideas for educators businesses & schools history your browsing history view and edit view full history view full history shop by age best sellers new releases history shop by age best sellers new releases shop by age babies toddlers 1 year olds 2 year olds 3 year olds 4 year olds 5 year olds 6 year olds 7 year olds 8 year olds 9 year olds 10 year olds 11 year olds 12 year olds teens adults seniors best sellers new releases categories active play arts & crafts baby toys & gifts books brainteasers building toys classic & retro games outdoor toys science & nature stem toys view all... fat brain collection more resources toys by interest american made special needs birthday ideas business & school educators name store giftbot about us 1-800-590-5987 help chat 1-800-590-5987 help live chat × sign in create account? - forgot password forgot password get exclusive deals & more! you have signed up for deals & more! by subscribing you are agreeing to receive our weekly email which includes exclusive offers. home about fat brain toys customer testimonials toggle navigation about us menu welcome our story videos mission statement our causes team jack foundation happy camper run retail stores omaha overland park our catalog testimonials where in the world? join our team contact us submit products recent testimonials from our wonderful customers we're not usually the bragging type, so we let our customers do the talking. the following sampling of testimonials should give you some sense of the frequency and quantity of positive feedback we receive from our customers. i love the product selection. shipping is quick and seamless. i appreciate (as a grammy) that toys are broken down by sex and age. really helps with gift selections jenifer berger, greenville, oh september 8, 2018 two toys bought were of high quality. the web site is terrific. clear descriptions and appropriate ages. videos are great. well organized and fun to browse on. ruth burger, scarsdale, ny september 5, 2018 i can't give a review of the special needs because i haven't actually seen spin again, but my son called to say how happy they were that i had sent it. being at a distance and choosing appropriate toys is a challenge, and i've decided fat brain will be my go to source in the future. thank you so much! jeanne rollins, little rock, ar september 5, 2018 best toy store and great customer service. highly recommend visiting or ordering online for a great selection of toys. little warrior mommy, overland park, ks september 4, 2018 this is the site to go to when you need that unique special gift for your child or a child's birthday! very prompt service and the fastest shipping around! well worth the money! christina l sherry, de queen, ar september 4, 2018 you never let me down. i can always find something that is perfect. i especially like the fact that if i need something in a hurry, (like this order), i will get it delivered to my home in 1 to 2 days. you are the best! kim l steider, geneva, ne september 3, 2018 thank you again for your prompt, thoughtful handling of the order, and for the quality of toys that you offer! martha t thompson, lititz, pa september 2, 2018 everyone asks where i get such amazing gifts for kids and i always recommend fat brain. you have the best selection and toys that aren't just noisy and bright. i love that the selection encourages kids to use their imaginations! jessica wurtz, omaha, ne august 31, 2018 my #1 "go to" choice for ordering toys over the phone! i have had terrific, courteous service and delivery every time! thank you fat brain toys! colleen jakovich, cambridge, mn august 30, 2018 this product was one of my first purchased directly from fat brain toys, and it was a great experience. the items arrived quickly, shipping was affordable, they included a coupon in the package, and the toys are top-notch. i don't know why i waited so long! kelly blechertas, york, pa august 30, 2018 bought my year old grandson the forest friends discovery tree and the spell your name alphabet railroad, so far he seems to love the forest tree and goes back to it often enjoying all the little puzzles. i am excited to find more gifts for him from the fat brain collection. will be recommending to all my family and friends. jack c armenta, la verne, ca august 30, 2018 i happened upon this company via a google search for toys. i fell in love! there are so many options to choose from for toys and the fact that my order shipped in less than 2 hours was amazing! erin surratt, east peoria, il august 29, 2018 i have given your name to several friends who were looking for gift ideas for their grand-kids. we all love the way you tell us the age group for a item. suzanne mitchell, alvarado, tx august 28, 2018 this is my first purchase of fat brain toys. i love the choice and options offered on your site. the reason your toys appeal to me is because they appeal to scientific bent of mind, creativity and spatial acuity. i will be a customer of fat brain toys for a long time. vishwanath supra, atlanta, ga august 28, 2018 i love fat brain toys because the options are well thought-out and relevant to promoting my child's growth. these are not run-of-the-mill toys they're more like boutique toys. ann s., hartford, wi august 27, 2018 i received excellent service! i wish every place i shopped was run so well! i enjoy shopping these fun toys, reading descriptions & reviews, shopping age & categories. the whole experience is just great. i like that i receive notification emails, gift cards & that there is a professional staff available to help at any time. 5 stars for fat brain toys! thank you from a very satisfied customer! :) thefun_aunttee, post falls, id august 26, 2018 this was my first experience with your company. my introduction was through a baby registry listing. i was completely pleased with the quality and appeal of this crinkly square as a gift. also, your service in filling order, shipping item, and follow up comm7nication was excellent. i will definitely be using you again. gloria harrison, savannah, ga august 22, 2018 this was my first time ordering from fat brain toys. i was very impressed with their web-site, the products that they carefully select to carry, the fact that they are a caring company (they care about their workers and their customers), and they were so prompt and efficient in getting the order sent out. i would highly recommend them and the products that they carry! i am glad i found them! martha t thompson, lititz, pa august 22, 2018 first time ordering with fat brain. the website was easy to navigate and find what i needed. the best part was the quick turnaround and delivery! i will definitely keep fat brain in mind for future gift ideas. my boys love science toys, so this place is perfect for our family. kudos! justin burch, lawrenceville, ga august 21, 2018 placed our order online and it was shipped immediately with excellent with communication throughout the process. would recommend this company. neville sokol, oakdale, ny august 20, 2018 your company is fantastic! the website is user friendly and the choices are vast. i've never had an issue with deliveries either. everything arrives exactly when you say it will, and i love that you let me know when it was delivered. my grandkids have loved everything i've ever sent them from fat brain and they love the reusable gift bags. both of them are very environmentally conscious and love recycling as opposed to throwing gift wrap away. thank you for your dedication to service and quality. nancy carr, bakersfield, ca august 20, 2018 love shopping at fat brain, the filters by age are awesome, videos showing the products in action are so helpful, would def. recommend to friends! stephanie, canyon lake, tx august 20, 2018 i constantly recommend fatbrain to others looking for quality toys that kids will enjoy for many years! the staff is always great in store which we visit frequently. , omaha, ne august 19, 2018 great company to shop with. amazing customer service both in the retail store & online! zigmond rodriguez, omaha, ne august 19, 2018 love it so much! i went in to check out the toys i saw online and loved that there were samples my son could play with before making the purchase. the employees were so helpful. i've gone in before with an age, budget, and general interest of a child and they immediately found a handful of perfect options. when testing out toys, they let us play for as long as we wanted to find a good fit. the toys are unique and worthy of my early childhood trained brain approval. any toy that makes a one year old's eyebrows furrow in curiosity but avoids frustration is great in my book. , omaha, ne august 18, 2018 i think their toys are well made with good materialls. also stimulate curiosity and problem solving. pat, madison, wi august 17, 2018 i am very pleased with fat brain toys. the toys offered are all very nice and the reviews are helpful. elizabeth, crofton, md august 17, 2018 my number 1 "go to" site when buying gifts for my grandkids! smart and unique toy options. great customer service, and very reasonable shipping rates. fat brain toys is a company that gives the consumer the sense that they care about what they do and about us, the customer, as well. carolyn w., hendersonville, tn august 16, 2018 i have ordered 3 items from fat brain and i am very happy with all of them. my grandson is losing interest in his toys that make noise and 'talk' to him. he is taking more of an interest in things he can put together and take apart. that is what i was looking for when i found the fat brain toys. i am sure i will be purchasing more as my grandson gets older. julia hartman, shelby twp, mi august 16, 2018 as a great grandmother, i have loved ordering from fat brain toys ever since a young mother recommended them to me about a year ago. i now tell others about fat brain toys. i have ordered at least seven toys in the last year for several different age groups. and the way items are listed by age group and pictured with detailed descriptions helps me decide what to buy. educational games/toys are a big plus here. the prices are very reasonable and all of my orders have arrived at my door in about four days. don't think it could get any better! judith hunsucker, league city, tx august 15, 2018 i absolutely love this toy store. all of the toys are exactly what i want for my kids to have! they foster creativity! ashley sewall, omaha, ne august 14, 2018 i love the fat brain name puzzle. i purchased it for my two year old granddaughter for her christmas present. this toy will require her to use spatial intelligence and analytical skills as she learns to spell her name. jennie p. mitchell, belle isle, fl august 14, 2018 we love fat brain toys for its unique, educationally-based toys and their prices are very competitive to other retailers and online sites. we also love that gift wrapping is provided when the items are purchased as gifts. angie baratta, omaha, ne august 12, 2018 we love the variety of toys that fat brain carries. many are creative in nature, inspires the kids to think, and are interactive. the toys are not always found in the basic toy section of your local store, which i like. valerie stutler, batesville, in august 10, 2018 our children are very impressed with the products we get for their kids (our grandchildren). therefore i always think of ordering bd and christmas gifts for their children from you. thanks so much! you deliver in great time, and from what our kids say and show us on facetime of the children playing with your toy products they are a hit! janice kennah, fort bridger, wy august 7, 2018 i am a new grandmother and hold a phd in nursing with an expertise in child development. i will continue purchasing from fat brain toys because they are quality products that encourage proper growth and development. i have ordered infant toys and toys for favorite children up to age 5 and have never been disappointed. gayle, chico, ca august 5, 2018 i had a little issue with the product we are reviewing. fat brain toys responded immediately and took action to resolve the problem. great customer service! the rest of the items i purchased were without any issue. great quality products. love the opportunities these toys provide for my son to grow and learn. will absolutely be making another purchase in the future. thanks so much! alicia beachem, chesterfield, nj august 2, 2018 i love getting toys from fat brain toys, because they are different than other toys and they are made very well. they are great for those with challenging ways of learning and are all around great toys! howard howard, hazen, nd august 1, 2018 have purchased the majority of gifts for my five grandchildren from fat brain toys for years. they now range in age from 7 to 20. there are still things appropriate for the older ones and every category or toys and learning gifts for the 7 year old. i know i'm getting high quality appropriate gifts with every purchase cheryl wilson, mt. prospect, il august 1, 2018 i discovered fat brain toys while searching online for a toy that i've seen in other people's homes and at daycare (the tobbles neo). what a great site! i ordered another item at the same time as i ordered the tobbles neo, and it's equally impressive. i've been looking for high quality toys that promote creative play, motor skills, and other age-appropriate interaction, in an effort to balance out all the toys that make noise, sing, and light-up. fat brain toys is a great source for those types of toys, and i plan to purchase more from the site in the future. tk, encino, ca july 31, 2018 toys and activities for all ages. i've been buying fat brain toys for my 5 grandchildren since the younger ones were infants. two are now in college, 2 in high school, and there are still many options of things to buy for them. the 7 year old has grown up with these toys, games, science and craft items. just purchased a newton's cradle for the 17 year old and sneaky cards for the 2 in college. cheryl wilson, mt. prospect, il july 31, 2018 i have been buying from fat brain toys for my family and friends for years. the website has a solid search system to find appropriate, high quality toys for all age ranges - which is why i went here to find fidget toys for adolescents and adults sitting for long periods during training events we do at work. detroit health dept - po, detroit, mi july 31, 2018 loved the store, the products, and the outstanding service. i've already recommended it to friends. i am a teacher and will definitely recommend it to fellow teachers this fall. deena m fowler, overland park, ks july 30, 2018 i love how you guys can make those puzzles super quick. and get them shipped to our door so quickly. it's amazing! love the price of the puzzles! never have any issues with fbt! love all the other toys! would love to buy most of them! kasi amrein, norman, ok july 29, 2018 so glad i found this company. great prices, beautifully made and wrapped item with super fast shipping. i was also impressed with the amount of communication. emails to confirm, track status and to follow-up. you really can't ask for better in a company. thank you! amanda a, mattituck, ny july 29, 2018 fat brain toys has something for every child. extremely pleased with the products, age appropriate review and customer service. recommend to friends with children to buy for. judy baker, fort wayne, in july 28, 2018 fat brain toys are awesome. i am bookmarking the page for all my future toy needs! christina sandlin, heartland, tx july 24, 2018 love, love, love your shop and website! i have never had anything from fat brain returned because they didn't like it or it didn't work or broke. quality from start to finish. coleen jensen, wahoo, ne july 23, 2018 i have often suggested to friends to check out fat brain toys. their quality cannot be beat. what i love most about them is they inspire the child to be creative. especially love the toys for outdoors. our four grandsons are outdoors in all kinds of weather - they are farm kids, and don't like to be stuck inside. these toys definitely draw them outdoors. karen tarr, franklin, in july 23, 2018 i have been very happy with everything that i have purchased from fat brain toys. great quality and always enjoyed by my grandchildren! mary howrigan, fairfield, vt july 23, 2018 in the last 6 months i have ordered many toys. i love all the different and new releases offered . the quality is the best out there for toy options. tina cummings, millbury, ma july 23, 2018 shipping was very fast, especially for a custom item! i love the large selection of stem toys too! dana wilson july 23, 2018 the company continues to provide unusual and educational quality toys for young children. i enjoy looking at all the things you offer. dianne degarmo, the colony, tx july 22, 2018 helpful, friendly staff!! jeffrey penne, omaha, ne july 19, 2018 i personally love the toys and the quality of the toys that help my children use their minds and imagination. the prices and delivery time and shippingare reasonable as well. janelle e. gomes, holualoa, hi july 19, 2018 i have a 5 year old daughter and she loves all of the items we have purchased from fat brain toys. the prices are reasonable, the shipping is fast, the website is so easy to use and find the appropriate toy. we love the variety it provides and the uniqueness of the toys. we usually purchase by category and our last purchase was all science. she cannot stop talking about the dinosaur plant and the dino dig. every toy we buy is so fun and the best part is that she doesn't know she is learning at the same time. andis, anaheim, ca july 18, 2018 i've been extremely happy with all orders i've placed with this company.(name puzzles and name trains.) the toys arrive in a timely manner, are packaged nicely, and are well crafted. i think this business has great ideas and "smart" toys to stimulate young minds. thank you for providing cute, functional, and quality toys! danielle, smyrna, tn july 18, 2018 16 grandkids have forced me to be selective in my gift choices. fat brain toys has helped me choose excellent gifts for all the ages i need. good pricing, and fast shipping every time. thank you. e parker, atwater, oh july 17, 2018 i just discovered fat brain toys on an internet search for a specific toy. i love this company!! i appreciate their mission and philosophy to "bring safe, quality, mind-expanding" toys to families. they have indeed done just that. it is refreshing to shop without having to navigate all the "junk" that is on the market -- the difficult part is to not buy one of everything! the website is easy to navigate and products come with detailed descriptions; prices are great and shipping is very, very reasonable. one more cheer: i love this company!! you have won this grandma over! kj, onalaska, wi july 10, 2018 i have purchased several items for my 3 grandchildren. i love that these toys are unique and high quality. i can get my orders mailed directly to them. they learn as they play. highly recommend this website. olga osterhage july 9, 2018 i couldn't believe the service! ordered on friday afternoon and received on monday! outstanding! the customer service operator was great to work with via a phone call! she suggested a product and it was great! thanks for helping and suggesting, she was friendly, helpful, and not pushy. thanks! deb rohr, tobias, ne july 8, 2018 my husband and i love this store (and so does our baby)! the staff is so helpful and friendly, the store is very clean and organized, and they offer wonderful products to select from! highly recommend! heather symtschytsch, omaha, ne july 6, 2018 i came upon fat brain toys by accident one day about two years ago and was impressed immediately. i made my first purchase and my opinion of the company soared. the company has not let me down a single time. all the toys and games i have purchased since have proven their worth time and again. always when we play with the toys or my grandkids discover what is in their package, they are excited and find great joy in playing with it. the quality is unsurpassed and it is obvious that those in charge of this company value the same things i do - quality at an affordable price with high play value - no bells and whistles just for the noise. karen huish, taylorsville, ut july 5, 2018 as a retired teacher( k-8 college instructor/ educational researcher), fat brain toys is my favorite toy store because all of their toys make kids smarter. their proprioception toy selection for promoting attention building skills is outstanding. sally sundin, walla walla, wa july 3, 2018 always seem to find something interesting for the grandkids. monty brosious, hernando, fl july 3, 2018 we have purchased several fat brain toys and have not been disappointed with the product or fat brain's customer support of their products and customer satisfaction. teresa sullivan, phoenix, az july 3, 2018 toys for all ages makes this store attractive for moms needing high quality toys without running all over to find them! maryann n street, omaha, ne july 2, 2018 fat brain toys are my go-to for my own son and gifts for others. i've been giving fat brain toys to nieces and nephews for years and their toys are still in perfect shape. i love this company and i trust the products. i've never been disappointed. cat, columbia, mo july 2, 2018 i love the wide selection of toys your site offers, i often see unique toys that you can't find in a store and i like that most of them foster learning. i also love the videos included for each product to see how it's used. tiffany semitekol, gilberts, il july 1, 2018 fat brain toys is my go-to toy store. i provide daycare for my grandchildren and i have purchased a lot of toys. fbt has an amazing selection and a fantastic shipping policy as well as a hassle free rewards program. they keep track of all your orders using your email address so returns are a breeze although i think i have only ever returned one item (a duplicate gift). i have learned about the newest toys and games via fbt. i have purchased online an in store and both are great - best customer service i have ever experienced! jane, yankton, sd july 1, 2018 never disappointed! always even better quality and value than expected! susan, omaha, ne june 29, 2018 love fat brain! prices are competitive and a great selection of toys! staff is always so friendly and helpful when i call or stop in! emily g, omaha, ne june 29, 2018 i've always found and received the best toys and games from fbt tiffani c boyd, omaha, ne june 29, 2018 i love shopping with fat brain toys, they are my go-to toy store for imaginative play and have been for a number of years. i highly reccommend fat brain toys to all my friends. joann castiglione, alamogordo, nm june 28, 2018 this was my first time to order from here. i was very impressed how fast i got it. i ordered on monday nite & it was at my door the same week on thursday. as soon as i submitted my order which was late at nite it was being processed. best shipping rate of any of the other sites i looked at. as i said this was my first order but it's definitely not going to be my last!! i'm so excited i found this site & can't wait to find & order some more fun things for my godson. i have a feeling that "santa" will use this site too. jackie hicks, shreveport, la june 27, 2018 we love fat brain toys! we always find something unique for our gifts! we appreciate the helpful staff! , overland park, ks june 26, 2018 i love your two day shipping option! i don't use amazon and it is nice to be able to find great last minute products online without them. , austin, tx june 26, 2018 i continue to be quite happy with the originality of the toy selections available at fat brain toys. , omaha, ne june 22, 2018 i love fat brain toys and always use them for my grandchildren's birthdays. i'll be sorry when they grow up and out of toys. the people at fat brain are so helpful to me, especially over the phone. they make me feel like part of the family. sarajane klein, toledo, oh june 22, 2018 because my grandson is a student at a specialized ucp school and because i volunteer there, i will recommend your products to the staff and parents i encounter. when we have a "play date" with one of his classmates, i intend to use it for both kids involved. richard armenio, orlando, fl june 20, 2018 i love your quality toys, helpful reviews and videos, and prompt reliable shipping. in my opinion, you are one of the best toy stores in the country. i have enthusiastically recommended you to all of my friends and family. john mckelvey, edina, mn june 19, 2018 i love shopping with fat brain toys. they offer quality products that promote educational growth along with the fun! mary boomer, kansas city, mo june 19, 2018 we have ordered from fat brain before and have always had great success. thank you for making shopping so easy. w.h. mitchell june 18, 2018 a go to company when you want a child to have something to play with that causes imagination and thinking to happen. jeffrey lyon, puyallup, wa june 18, 2018 fantastic toys that bring forth creative, often independent play while learning how the world works. we love fat brain toys! justin d langer, overland park, ks june 18, 2018 i only have good things to say about fat brain toys. i always call in to customer service to place my orders and the associates have always been very helpful. i get emails to track my orders and they usually arrive in two days! i love this company and have been a customer for several years. dixon dixon, cleveland, tn june 14, 2018 i discovered you folks and your products quite by accident. i thing they call it a serendipitous event, any way i have purchased a few items from them and have been happy so far, and i truly believe if i were ever disappointed with a purchase they would have the where with all to make everything all better, in one phone call. dan wright june 9th, 2018 daniel e. wright, biglerville, pa june 9, 2018 i always look to fat brain toys for innovative and interesting toys that engage the curiosity of children. they are also well-.made. carolyn mcnamara, northport, ny june 7, 2018 love that fat brain toys offers age/gender appropriate gift suggestions. delivery speed was impressive as well! i also ordered ivan's wedge with my order. it was a bigger hit than the night ball soccer ball you asked me to review. ivan's wedge was the gift my 9 year old grandson could not put down! kathleen r wilder june 6, 2018 all the toys that we've bought have been excellent. great quality. fast shipping. our son will definitely be receiving more in the future! kristan plunkett-partlow, jonesboro, june 6, 2018 fat brain toys is the only place where we look forward to buying toys. our girls beg to play with their toys from fat brain and often look over other less quality and less imaginative toys whitney porn, norfolk, ne june 5, 2018 this is my first experience with fat brain toys and i am really impressed. i especially love the creativity and the teaching ability of the different toys. they seem to capture the childrens attention for a long period of time marilyn read, crescent city, ca june 1, 2018 source of the majority of our toy, game, craft, educational purchases for our 5 grandchildren for many years now. never have purchased something they haven't liked and used often. great variety of choices and so many categories for all ages. mine now range from 7 to 20 years old and i just recently purchased tenzi for my college junior. she and her dorm friends relax late at night with it. cheryl wilson, mt. prospect, il may 30, 2018 so far everything we have purchased has been of good quality and very engaging for our grandkids as well as the adults. ellen bonning, castella, ca may 30, 2018 i absolutely love the website! i will return just because the search & categories are so easy to navigate and are user friendly! ...in addition to great products. i truly appreciate a well planned web site...kudos to your ux designer. alexandra sorbello, fulton, ny may 25, 2018 i'm so glad i stumbled upon the fat brain toys website! they have the coolest toys and fair shipping prices. jillian cottrell, shepherdsville, ky may 23, 2018 fat brain toys has become my " shop for the grand kids " place of choice since i bought the first gift there 3 or 4 years ago. that was praised by grandson and his parents as "the best gift ever". haven't been let down since. rosalinde r reece, portland, or may 23, 2018 i have purchased items from fbt for several years. their toys encourage thought, planning, motor skills, and coordination; all the while providing fun and excitement for the child. i've never purchased a toy that my grandchildren didn't enjoy. doris grimm, spout spring, va may 21, 2018 i like when i call i have always talked to a friendly knowledgeable person. ordering is easy and i like the quick flat rat shipping cost. with some companies i discarded my whole order because of the secret shipping cost only known after going through the whole process. more american made toys! henry wilk, clermont, fl may 20, 2018 you have a great selection of toys. my daughter is a teenager so it's been a while since i've purchased toys for 3 and 4 years olds. twice i've ordered toys recommended by parents for the age group i was buying for and twice the children and their parents have been thrilled with the purchased toy. you make it easy to purchase a high quality, affordable toy that a child will enjoy. mary kernan, pittsburgh, pa may 17, 2018 read more testimonials... get exclusive deals & more! subscribe customer service customer service contact us order status return authorization faqs toy safety info privacy policy about us about us our story mission stores our causes testimonials wholesale join our team shop shop coming soon birthday gift ideas top kids toys new toys for kids christmas toys toy catalog best toys by age connect extras play blog for business educators extra credit birthday concierge special needs websrv4.fbtdc.com copyright © 2003-2018 fat brain holdings llc. all rights reserved.fat brain toys® is a registered service mark of fat brain holdings llc error: an error has occured, please try again. if the problem persists contact customer service at 1-800-590-5987 close