来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20191229184905/https://www.fatbraintoys.com/toy_companies/fat_brain_toy_co/teeter_popper.cfm
================================================================================

teeter popper - best active play for ages 3 to 7 - fat brain toys still time for christmas delivery with express shipping! see schedule for info. $3.99 flat rate shipping! my cart 0 1-800-590-5987 help sign in menu sign in 0 giftbot about us history your browsing history view and edit teeter popper thu, dec 19 remove simpl dimpl wed, dec 18 remove view full history view full history shop by age shop for all ages curated by girls curated by boys curated entirely by our customers! babies toddlers 1 year olds 2 year olds 3 year olds 4 year olds 5 year olds 6 year olds 7 year olds 8 year olds 9 year olds 10 year olds 11 year olds 12 year olds teens adults seniors babies toddlers 1 year olds 2 year olds 3 year olds 4 year olds 5 year olds 6 year olds 7 year olds 8 year olds 9 year olds 10 year olds 11 year olds 12 year olds teens adults babies toddlers 1 year olds 2 year olds 3 year olds 4 year olds 5 year olds 6 year olds 7 year olds 8 year olds 9 year olds 10 year olds 11 year olds 12 year olds teens adults seniors curated entirely by our customers! toys for baby girls toys for toddler girls toys for 1 year old girls toys for 2 year old girls toys for 3 year old girls toys for 4 year old girls toys for 5 year old girls toys for 6 year old girls toys for 7 year old girls toys for 8 year old girls toys for 9 year old girls toys for 10 year old girls toys for 11 year old girls toys for 12 year old girls toys for teen girls toys for women toys for seniors baby girls toddler girls 1 year old girls 2 year old girls 3 year old girls 4 year old girls 5 year old girls 6 year old girls 7 year old girls 8 year old girls 9 year old girls 10 year old girls 11 year old girls 12 year old girls teen girls women baby girls toddler girls 1 year old girls 2 year old girls 3 year old girls 4 year old girls 5 year old girls 6 year old girls 7 year old girls 8 year old girls 9 year old girls 10 year old girls 11 year old girls 12 year old girls teen girls women seniors curated entirely by our customers! toys for baby boys toys for toddler boys toys for 1 year old boys toys for 2 year old boys toys for 3 year old boys toys for 4 year old boys toys for 5 year old boys toys for 6 year old boys toys for 7 year old boys toys for 8 year old boys toys for 9 year old boys toys for 10 year old boys toys for 11 year old boys toys for 12 year old boys toys for teen boys toys for men toys for seniors baby boys toddler boys 1 year old boys 2 year old boys 3 year old boys 4 year old boys 5 year old boys 6 year old boys 7 year old boys 8 year old boys 9 year old boys 10 year old boys 11 year old boys 12 year old boys teen boys men baby boys toddler boys 1 year old boys 2 year old boys 3 year old boys 4 year old boys 5 year old boys 6 year old boys 7 year old boys 8 year old boys 9 year old boys 10 year old boys 11 year old boys 12 year old boys teen boys men seniors best sellers updated daily, check out our "best sellers" list to see what toys and games are trending! best sellers new releases we travel the world searching for quality, innovative toys and games. check out our new releases to see the latest and greatest! new releases categories top toy categories active play arts & crafts baby toys & gifts books brainteasers building & construction classic & retro toys games outdoor toys science & nature stem toys view all... special needs developmental goals active play arts & crafts baby toys & gifts books brainteasers building & construction classic & retro toys games outdoor toys science & nature stem toys view all... special needs developmental goals fat brain collection we are not just a seller of toys...we design, develop, and manufacture our own award-winning toys, games, and brainteasers - many you won’t find anywhere else! fat brain collection name store looking for a truly unique gift? check out our name store for original and thoughtful personalized gifts! name store more resources more toy resources toys by interest american made toys special needs birthday ideas for educators businesses & schools history your browsing history view and edit teeter popper thu, dec 19 remove simpl dimpl wed, dec 18 remove view full history view full history shop by age best sellers new releases history shop by age best sellers new releases shop by age shop for all ages curated by girls curated by boys curated entirely by our customers! babies toddlers 1 year olds 2 year olds 3 year olds 4 year olds 5 year olds 6 year olds 7 year olds 8 year olds 9 year olds 10 year olds 11 year olds 12 year olds teens adults seniors curated entirely by our customers! baby girls toddler girls 1 year old girls 2 year old girls 3 year old girls 4 year old girls 5 year old girls 6 year old girls 7 year old girls 8 year old girls 9 year old girls 10 year old girls 11 year old girls 12 year old girls teen girls women seniors curated entirely by our customers! baby boys toddler boys 1 year old boys 2 year old boys 3 year old boys 4 year old boys 5 year old boys 6 year old boys 7 year old boys 8 year old boys 9 year old boys 10 year old boys 11 year old boys 12 year old boys teen boys men seniors best sellers new releases categories active play arts & crafts baby toys & gifts books brainteasers building toys classic & retro games outdoor toys science & nature stem toys view all... also shop for... special needs developmental goals fat brain collection more resources toys by interest american made special needs birthday ideas business & school educators name store giftbot about us 1-800-590-5987 help chat 1-800-590-5987 help live chat did you receive our holiday catalog in the mail? yes! i need one! thank you! × holiday shipping schedule to assure delivery in time for christmas, please reference the following chart: ship method latest ship date est. delivery 3-day select december 18th, 3:00 p.m. cst december 23rd 2nd day air december 20th, 5:00 p.m. cst december 24th next day air december 23rd, 5:00 p.m. cst december 24th express shipping ups ground is our standard method of shipping which can vary from 2-5 business days for delivery. however, we also offer you the opportunity to use ups' express shipment options, including 3-day select, 2nd day air, and next day air. shipping information the majority of orders for in-stock items purchased during our peak season are shipped within 24 hours. orders are shipped from our warehouse in omaha, nebraska - smack dab in the middle of the country - so allow 3-4 business days shipping time to either coast using standard shipping, while other locations will vary from 2 to 3 business days. available inventory we stock nearly every product that we sell...and we keep a lot of product in stock. unlike most online retailers, we like to give our customers as much information as we can so that you can feel confident in your buying decision. one such piece of information is actual stock levels. on each and every product page, you'll find a very accurate count of available inventory at that given moment. this should give you the confidence that not only is the item in stock, but we actually have "n" number of units available to ship. backordered product if a product is listed as "backordered" or "currently on order", that means that we are waiting on a shipment from the manufacturer. at this time of the year, our manufacturers occasionally get bogged down. as a result, we're unable to guarantee holiday delivery for items that are backordered. out of stock products if a product is listed as "out of stock" or "not currently available for purchase", it means that we have sold our entire inventory of that product and will not be getting more prior to the holidays. alaska, hawaii, u.s. territories, apo/fpo because ups ground is not an option for these areas, we ship through the us postal service. unfortunately, when shipping usps, you'll need to allow several additional days for it to be shipped and we also do not have the granular level of tracking that we do with ups. if you're having an order shipped to one of these areas, we strongly encourage you to place your order before december 13th to allow adequate time for delivery. international orders if you're having an order shipped internationally and want it delivered for the holidays, we suggest that you place your order no later than december 5th. however, because delivery times vary so widely from country to country, we cannot guarantee international deliveries before the holidays. after the sale support we're here to support you before and after your purchase. unlike some large online companies who will only communicate with you via email, we're always just a phone call away! just call us toll-free at 1-800-590-5987 and let us know how we can help. bottom line we want your holidays to be joyful and hassle-free - that's what we're here for. we'll do everything in our power to insure that you receive what you ordered and in time for the holidays. if we can't, we will communicate that to you well in advance so that you can make other arrangements. if the above doesn't answer your questions, we encourage you to either email us at cs@fatbraintoys.com or call us toll-free at 1-800-590-5987. sign in create account? - forgot password forgot password get exclusive deals & more! you have signed up for deals & more! by subscribing you are agreeing to receive our weekly email which includes exclusive offers. home toy companies fat brain toy co. teeter popper view full toy catalog sku: fa095 teeter popper 50+ units currently in stock 4.6 375 available options: × your prototype! sweet looking train here (this is a representation of the actual spell-your-name alphabet railroad. actual letter color may vary.) add to cart - letters only add to cart - with engine and caboose green pink quantity: option: availability: price: green 50+ units $36.95 pink 50+ units $36.95 check box if you would like this item placed in fun gift bag for an additional $2.95 per item? view details $3.99 flat rate shipping add to cart order in the next 12 hours, 10 minutes to be shipped today! share this: product description product specification customer reviews product description a unique instrument for play... how it's used is up to the kids! whether they rock it, roll it, sit in it or stand... kids want to move with teeter popper! how wildly fun it is! “pop-pop-pop... pop-pop-pop!” senses go for a ride every time they play. a cinch to maneuver - stand, sit, rock, tilt, wobble, wiggle, spin. how children play is however they choose. hand kids a teeter popper and walk away... but don't look away. seeing the curiosity, the surprise, the concentration on their faces as they attempt new movements is something you don't want to miss. teeter-popping excitement is catching, (so are their giggles). kids find themselves teetering on the brink of perfect physical play. no special skills needed. in playful exploration, teeter popper improves core strength, stability, leg strength, balance, coordination and gross-motor skills. curiosity wakes up, senses come alive, imagination engages, and creativity gets moving! teeter popper! arouses curiosity, stimulates senses, engages imagination, encourages creativity improves core strength & stability, balance, coordination and gross-motor skills a cinch to maneuver - stand, sit, rock, tilt, wobble! pleasant popping sound rewards movement developmental challenge in unique form unlimited ways to play attractive & simple appealing to young children versatile shape and bright colors silicone suction cups highly durable plastic body appeals to a wide range of ages dimensions (inches): 28 l x 11.5 w x 7.5 d weight limit: approximately 110 lbs astra's best toys for kids award related categories: active play teaching toys & tools you might also like... squigz 2.0 - 36 piece price: $39.95 swing-a-ring - small price: $39.95 2-in-1 musical jump 'n toss price: $24.95 product specs toy value index click here to view our exclusive toy value index methodology... toy iq click here to view our exclusive toy iq methodology... date added to fat brain toys 6/19/2014 manufactured in china manufacturer recommended minimum age 3 years fat brain toys monthly sales ranking #9 dimension 28 x 11.5 x 7.5 inches weight limit 110 lbs rating overview: select a row below to filter reviews. rating summary: total customer reviews:	375 overall rating: (4.61) write a review my review of teeter popper posted 12/17/2019 by ginger iattoni we bought this for my soon to be three-year old grandson. he has loved playing with this from day one, right out of the box. he's not old enough yet to attempt standing on it but we're sure that'll come. my review of teeter popper posted 12/17/2019 by maria valentin my review of teeter popper posted 12/16/2019 by jf great toy to keep my child engaged and entertained. my review of teeter popper posted 12/16/2019 by willwerth willwerth i had my grandkids play with this. both of them told me that it was boring and hard to rock. i will be returning it. i am disappointed, it looks like a great toy!! note from fat brain toys: it’s impossible to be absolutely sure that your child is going to love your gift. and that’s okay! if anything you order from us turns out to be anything less than a big hit, give us a call at 1-800-590-5987, or head over to our returns and exchanges page. we’re sure we can help you find something new they’re sure to love! love it! posted 12/15/2019 by jen great toy! bought for my 2 year old daughter who likes to sit and climb in it. the popping sound keeps her intrigued. but my 6 year old loves it just as much. its a great toy for both of their ages. my review of teeter popper posted 12/13/2019 by sunny slone love this toy! great for meeting the sensory needs of my 6yo autistic son. my review of teeter popper posted 12/11/2019 by william jackson it's ok---not the kids favorite my review of teeter popper posted 12/11/2019 by joanne lehr wonderful indoor exercise activity for cold winter days! my review of teeter popper posted 11/24/2019 by vera chopyk birthday gift for our 2 year old granddaughter. got right on it, laughing at the popping and saying "rock! rock!" and our 4 year old grandson loves it too! my review of teeter popper posted 11/24/2019 by melissa nicholson my children, ages 18 months -7 years, all use this. it is excellent for sensory seeking children. my review of teeter popper posted 11/12/2019 by cherie robinson i bought it for the 4 year old but the 7 & 9 year old love it just as much. fun for all!! my review of teeter popper posted 11/12/2019 by heather pierce i think it is fun, but some people claim it to be too noisy. lots of smiles, though. my review of teeter popper posted 10/27/2019 by nan bateman our nephew loved the teeter popper, but his older sister (age 8) wanted to play with it, too. my review of teeter popper posted 09/14/2019 by emily a weber this is such a fun toy. my kids love it, and my 2 year old likes the sound of the popping. i would recommend this to anyone. my review of teeter popper posted 09/09/2019 by janet braun dad loves it too. got it for my nephew. he loves it. my grandson has it and i bought iit in pink for my 2 year old niece because she loves her cousin's toy so much. my review of teeter popper posted 08/28/2019 by paula hunter i bought this for my 2 1/2 year old grandson and he loves it. he is a very active child and this product let's him be active while playing inside. he loves the popping noise! my review of teeter popper posted 08/22/2019 by vicki broughton i got this as a birthday gift for my grandson, he's 2. maybe he's too young for it, but i've showed him all the cool things it could do, including making a popping noise that's sure to annoy his parents if he does it over and over, but he seems pretty disinterested overall. i think for the price i paid there were probably better play choices i could have made. note from fat brain toys: it’s impossible to be absolutely sure that your child is going to love your gift. and that’s okay! if anything you order from us turns out to be anything less than a big hit, give us a call at 1-800-590-5987, or head over to our returns and exchanges page. we’re sure we can help you find something new they’re sure to love! teeter popper posted 08/18/2019 by kathleen replogle i bought this teeter popper for my 2 year old, very active, grandson. he loves it and uses it every day. i definitely recommend this toy, especially for a very active child like my grandson. my review of teeter popper posted 08/12/2019 by lynda j. dismuke my 4yr old grandbaby was very excited about her teeter popper. once we showed her how many different ways she could use it, it was hard to get her to put it down. she picks it up frequently. i'm very satisfied with this product. my review of teeter popper posted 07/22/2019 by dionne bought this as a gift for a 2yr old - he loves exploring and playing with it, so many different ways! click here to view all teeter popper reviews... age appropriateness for teeter popper what do these graphs mean? click here for more information... as one of the top online toy retailers, we have access to unprecedented quantities of product review data. one of the key ways that we use this data is by associating our products to the specific ages of the kids who are playing with them. whereas most retailers must rely upon manufacturer suggested ages (i.e. 3+), we take actual customer usage and share it with you here so that you can choose the perfect toy or game. but how does this help me? you can use these graphs as a general measure of it's appropriateness for a given age and gender. while this information is generally accurate, it should not be used as an absolute answer. note: the orange color in the charts above indicate ages that are less than the manufacturer suggested age. please purchase at your discretion if your child is younger than 3 years of age. × teeter popper video × write a review overall rating: review title: review: nickname: email: submitting your review ... by clicking 'post review,' you agree to the terms of use. you may receive an email asking you to confirm your review. × teeter popper close × giftbag the size of giftbag received will be determined by the overall dimensions of the product. close × rain check if you'd like to be among the first to know when teeter popper is back in stock, simply fill in your name and email address below. your name your email we'll send you an email just as soon as it's received! close get exclusive deals & more! subscribe customer service customer service contact us order status return authorization faqs toy safety info privacy policy about us about us our story mission stores our causes testimonials wholesale join our team shop shop best toys for kids by age top kids toys new toys for kids award winning toys birthday gift ideas christmas toys coming soon toy catalog connect extras play blog for business educators extra credit birthday concierge special needs gift registry/wish list media websrv12.fbtdc.com{ts '2019-12-19 02:50:34'} copyright © 2003-2019 fat brain holdings llc. all rights reserved.fat brain toys® is a registered service mark of fat brain holdings llc error: an error has occured, please try again. if the problem persists contact customer service at 1-800-590-5987 close warning: close items successfully added to your cart! error! there was a problem adding items to your cart.please try again.