来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20201228072030/https://www.fatbraintoys.com/toy_companies/fat_brain_toys/zigzag_racetrack.cfm
================================================================================

zigzag racetrack - best early learning toys for ages 2 to 4 delivers in 3 business days to louisiana for just $3.99! my cart 0 1-800-590-5987 help sign in delivers in 3 business days to louisiana for just $3.99! menu sign in 0 giftbot about us history your browsing history view and edit zigzag racetrack wed, jan 20 remove view full history view full history shop by age shop for all ages curated by girls curated by boys curated entirely by our customers! babies toddlers 1 year olds 2 year olds 3 year olds 4 year olds 5 year olds 6 year olds 7 year olds 8 year olds 9 year olds 10 year olds 11 year olds 12 year olds teens adults seniors babies toddlers 1 year olds 2 year olds 3 year olds 4 year olds 5 year olds 6 year olds 7 year olds 8 year olds 9 year olds 10 year olds 11 year olds 12 year olds teens adults babies toddlers 1 year olds 2 year olds 3 year olds 4 year olds 5 year olds 6 year olds 7 year olds 8 year olds 9 year olds 10 year olds 11 year olds 12 year olds teens adults seniors curated entirely by our customers! toys for baby girls toys for toddler girls toys for 1 year old girls toys for 2 year old girls toys for 3 year old girls toys for 4 year old girls toys for 5 year old girls toys for 6 year old girls toys for 7 year old girls toys for 8 year old girls toys for 9 year old girls toys for 10 year old girls toys for 11 year old girls toys for 12 year old girls toys for teen girls toys for women toys for seniors baby girls toddler girls 1 year old girls 2 year old girls 3 year old girls 4 year old girls 5 year old girls 6 year old girls 7 year old girls 8 year old girls 9 year old girls 10 year old girls 11 year old girls 12 year old girls teen girls women baby girls toddler girls 1 year old girls 2 year old girls 3 year old girls 4 year old girls 5 year old girls 6 year old girls 7 year old girls 8 year old girls 9 year old girls 10 year old girls 11 year old girls 12 year old girls teen girls women seniors curated entirely by our customers! toys for baby boys toys for toddler boys toys for 1 year old boys toys for 2 year old boys toys for 3 year old boys toys for 4 year old boys toys for 5 year old boys toys for 6 year old boys toys for 7 year old boys toys for 8 year old boys toys for 9 year old boys toys for 10 year old boys toys for 11 year old boys toys for 12 year old boys toys for teen boys toys for men toys for seniors baby boys toddler boys 1 year old boys 2 year old boys 3 year old boys 4 year old boys 5 year old boys 6 year old boys 7 year old boys 8 year old boys 9 year old boys 10 year old boys 11 year old boys 12 year old boys teen boys men baby boys toddler boys 1 year old boys 2 year old boys 3 year old boys 4 year old boys 5 year old boys 6 year old boys 7 year old boys 8 year old boys 9 year old boys 10 year old boys 11 year old boys 12 year old boys teen boys men seniors best sellers updated daily, check out our "best sellers" list to see what toys and games are trending! best sellers new releases we travel the world searching for quality, innovative toys and games. check out our new releases to see the latest and greatest! new releases categories top toy categories view all active play arts & crafts baby toys & gifts books brainteasers building & construction classic & retro toys games outdoor toys puzzles science & nature stem toys special needs developmental goals montessori toys active play arts & crafts baby toys & gifts books brainteasers building & construction classic & retro toys games outdoor toys puzzles science & nature stem toys special needs developmental goals montessori toys fat brain collection we are not just a seller of toys...we design, develop, and manufacture our own award-winning toys, games, and brainteasers - many you won’t find anywhere else! fat brain collection name store looking for a truly unique gift? check out our name store for original and thoughtful personalized gifts! name store more resources more toy resources toys by interest american made toys special needs birthday ideas for educators businesses & schools history your browsing history view and edit zigzag racetrack wed, jan 20 remove view full history view full history shop by age best sellers new releases history shop by age best sellers new releases shop by age shop for all ages curated by girls curated by boys curated entirely by our customers! babies toddlers 1 year olds 2 year olds 3 year olds 4 year olds 5 year olds 6 year olds 7 year olds 8 year olds 9 year olds 10 year olds 11 year olds 12 year olds teens adults seniors curated entirely by our customers! baby girls toddler girls 1 year old girls 2 year old girls 3 year old girls 4 year old girls 5 year old girls 6 year old girls 7 year old girls 8 year old girls 9 year old girls 10 year old girls 11 year old girls 12 year old girls teen girls women seniors curated entirely by our customers! baby boys toddler boys 1 year old boys 2 year old boys 3 year old boys 4 year old boys 5 year old boys 6 year old boys 7 year old boys 8 year old boys 9 year old boys 10 year old boys 11 year old boys 12 year old boys teen boys men seniors best sellers new releases categories active play arts & crafts baby toys & gifts books brainteasers building toys classic & retro games outdoor toys puzzles science & nature stem toys montessori toys view all... also shop for... special needs developmental goals fat brain collection more resources toys by interest american made special needs birthday ideas business & school educators name store giftbot about us 1-800-590-5987 help chat 1-800-590-5987 help live chat 2020 has been a challenging year, to say the least. nevertheless, we hope to make your christmas and hanukkah shopping as stress-free as possible! because of covid-19, supply chains have been disrupted across all product categories, including toys. fat brain toys has stocked up early, but we are still anticipating possible shortages as we get into december. plus, we've been warned by our carriers that deliveries could be delayed during the peak shipping season. to avoid the potential for delays, we ask that you please shop early! rest assured, our "elf crew" will do their part to get your packages shipped and into your hands as quickly as possible. we appreciate your patronage and wish you and your family all the best this holiday season. happy holidays from the fat brain family! close sign in create account? - forgot password forgot password get exclusive deals & more! you have signed up for deals & more! by subscribing you are agreeing to receive our weekly email which includes exclusive offers. home toy companies fat brain toys zigzag racetrack sku: fb424 zigzag racetrack 50+ total units currently in stock 4.6 87 available options: × your prototype! train image here (this is a representation of the actual spell-your-name alphabet railroad. actual letter color may vary.) add to cart - letters only quantity: availability: price: 50+ units $19.95 check to add a gift bag check box if you would like this item placed in fun gift bag for an additional $2.95 per item? view details $3.99 flat rate shipping add to cart order today for shipment within 24 hours! share this: product description product specification customer reviews product description view details one, two, three, four, five, six - send them racing fast to the finish! set the flippable cars on the platform at the very top of the tower. then, one by one, send them rolling off the edge. watch as they flip back and forth down the zig-zagging tracks before rolling fast across the finish line and along the floor. instantly, kids are scrambling to gather them back up and send them rolling again! early tactile learning is on a roll with the zigzag racetrack. zigzag racetrack race track tower with flip-flopping cars encourages fine motor skills, cause-effect learning, counting skills watch as the cars flip and race down the zig-zagging tracks includes tower, 6 numbered cars cars each measure 1.75 x 0.75 x 1.25 inches quality materials and construction - lasting durability related categories: early learning toys trains & vehicles wooden toys you might also like... dimpl digits price: $19.95 rollagain maze price: $24.95 fisher-price cash register price: $36.95 product specs toy value index click here to view our exclusive toy value index methodology... toy iq click here to view our exclusive toy iq methodology... date added to fat brain toys 9/16/2019 manufactured in china manufacturer recommended minimum age 18 months fat brain toys monthly sales ranking #18 dimension 15 x 12.5 x 4 inches rating overview: select a row below to filter reviews. rating summary: total customer reviews:	87 overall rating: (4.63) write a review my review of zigzag racetrack posted 01/19/2021 by linda starr-panaia overall for the price it was good . although the tracks were a little to loose. my review of zigzag racetrack posted 01/19/2021 by christina fisher fun! he loves watching the cars do down! my review of zigzag racetrack posted 01/09/2021 by nancy gargula the car stopped after only one or two tiers or fell off. not once did the car make it all the way from the top to the bottom even when the adults tried it. plenty to keep a 1 year old busy but not recommended for older children. note from fat brain toys: we never want a non-working toy to ruin your fun. if anything you order from us turns out to be defective or just isn't working as it should, please give us a call at 1-800-590-5987, or head over to our returns and exchanges page. we’ll have a fresh, properly functioning replacement sent your way asap. or, we'll be happy to exchange it for something new, give you store credit, or give you a full refund! my review of zigzag racetrack posted 01/05/2021 by helena klaasen we received and the bottom track was on backwards, we contacted fat brain and they sent a new one immediately! great customer service! we love your products! my grandson loves all the fat brain toys he got this year for christmas! my review of zigzag racetrack posted 01/02/2021 by apryl this is great for keeping kids busy or helping little hands with coordination. my review of zigzag racetrack posted 12/30/2020 by deborah ruhs the racetrack was not as sturdy as i had hoped. also the cars are quite small, can be difficult for young ones to set in track. my review of zigzag racetrack posted 12/30/2020 by cindi l garcia it is so fulfilling to watch my grandson laugh and giggle with joy playing with his new zigzag racetrack. the only problem is reminding him to share. i definitely will be back soon to shop for more great products. thank you! my review of zigzag racetrack posted 12/27/2020 by cora bray great grandson loved it. played with it with dad and kept going back to play. my only suggestion would be to include a little bag with your name on it ( good advertising) for the little cars. love that it is all together. thank you my review of zigzag racetrack posted 12/27/2020 by melissa k the toy is cute and my 20 month old son likes to watch the cars go down but i'm disappointed because the cars need to be placed perfectly on the center of the track for it to go down smoothly. it easily gets stuck or turns sideways. it is nearly impossible for a 20 month old to do this and he just gets frustrated and throws the cars or pushes the track over. note from fat brain toys: we are always aiming for 100% customer satisfaction. if anything you order from us doesn’t meet your expectations in any way at all, please feel free to give us a call at 1-800-590-5987, or head over to our returns and exchanges page. we’ll be happy to exchange it for something new, give you store credit, or possibly even give you a full refund! my review of zigzag racetrack posted 12/27/2020 by leigh kitchens we gave the zig zag racetrack to our almost 2 yr. old car obsessed grandson for christmas. he played with it almost constantly the entire day, and his 4 yr. old brother played with it also. it was a definite hit. i love that it comes with 6 cars too. my review of zigzag racetrack posted 12/27/2020 by sarah sullivan this toy is a hit for my almost 3.5 year old. he loves watching the cars race down it. he uses this a ton with his speech teacher. it's nice and light and easy to take with us. i throw the cars in a bag and off we go. my review of zigzag racetrack posted 12/10/2020 by doris lakey i have not presented this gift to our grandson, age 1...but i think he will love it based on the recommendations viewed and the comments from others!!! cannot wait to give to him on december 20 when they come to visit us...covid-permitted!!! my review of zigzag racetrack posted 12/04/2020 by sandra crabbs russ there's lots of race track toys out there, but i appreciate that this one has a smaller footprint. she loves it! my review of zigzag racetrack posted 12/04/2020 by calise mossler i have purchased several toys like this over the years. this one is the best in terms of design, construction, and ease of use by little ones. my review of zigzag racetrack posted 12/04/2020 by kim norrid my nephew loves this toy. great purchase! my review of zigzag racetrack posted 12/03/2020 by cathy walsh the "parking lot" top should be attached. my littles want to take the track with them and the top just pulls off and dumps the cars and the track falls on their feet. it's a super little track and they love it. i'll just glue the top on. my review of zigzag racetrack posted 12/03/2020 by mary wedlock the racetrack was bought for a small boy he's 2 years old. the boy is related to us through our sons wife's sister so we have only given it to him recently for his birthday. according to his mother he loves playing with it and won't leave her alone as he wants to play with it constantly as with all new toys. we feel confident that when our granddaughter goes for a visit she would love to play with it also. maybe i will have to purchase another one for her when she gets a little older. we feel that we made a good decision purchasing this toy as a birthday present. regards mary wedlock my review of zigzag racetrack posted 11/29/2020 by gena lewis i was alittle disappointed with all the plastic. i remember a more sturdy track and cars. my kids had this toy and bought it for grandson. but i guess that's what happens. sad face! note from fat brain toys: we are always aiming for 100% customer satisfaction. if anything you order from us doesn’t meet your expectations in any way at all, please feel free to give us a call at 1-800-590-5987, or head over to our returns and exchanges page. we’ll be happy to exchange it for something new, give you store credit, or possibly even give you a full refund! my review of zigzag racetrack posted 11/25/2020 by aivani mendez my son loves playing with this toy. it helps him with his motor skills and he is in love with the cars. he's able to play with it on his own and it makes me so happy. my review of zigzag racetrack posted 11/25/2020 by kyle klocke we love this! my son plays with it constantly. my older girls love to play with him too! click here to view all zigzag racetrack reviews... age appropriateness for zigzag racetrack what does this graph mean? click here for more information... as one of the top online toy retailers, we have access to unprecedented quantities of product review data. one of the key ways that we use this data is by associating our products to the specific ages of the kids who are playing with them. whereas most retailers must rely upon manufacturer suggested ages (i.e. 3+), we take actual customer usage and share it with you here so that you can choose the perfect toy or game. but how does this help me? you can use these graphs as a general measure of it's appropriateness for a given age and gender. while this information is generally accurate, it should not be used as an absolute answer. note: the orange color in the chart above indicate ages that are less than the manufacturer suggested age. please purchase at your discretion if your child is younger than 2 years of age. × zigzag racetrack video × write a review overall rating: review title: review: nickname: email: submitting your review ... by clicking 'post review,' you agree to the terms of use. you may receive an email asking you to confirm your review. × zigzag racetrack add product close × giftbag the size of giftbag received will be determined by the overall dimensions of the product. close × rain check if you'd like to be among the first to know when zigzag racetrack is back in stock, simply fill in your name and email address below. your name your email we'll send you an email just as soon as it's received! close get exclusive deals & more! subscribe customer service customer service contact us order status return authorization faqs toy safety info privacy policy cookie policy terms of use about us about us our story mission stores our causes testimonials wholesale join our team shop shop best toys for kids by age top kids toys new toys for kids award winning toys birthday gift ideas christmas toys coming soon toy catalog connect extras play blog for business educators extra credit birthday concierge special needs gift registry/wish list media ip-192-168-36-115.us-east-2.compute.internal{ts '2021-01-20 08:01:01'} copyright © 2003-2021 fat brain holdings llc. all rights reserved.fat brain toys® is a registered service mark of fat brain holdings llc error: an error has occured, please try again. if the problem persists contact customer service at 1-800-590-5987 close scroll to top of page warning: close items successfully added to your cart! error! there was a problem adding items to your cart.please try again.