来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20211218220743/https://www.fatbraintoys.com/registry/
================================================================================

fat brain toys wish list & gift registry new inventory arriving daily! shop now $5.99 flat rate shipping! my cart 0 1-800-590-5987 help sign in $5.99 flat rate shipping! menu sign in 0 giftbot about us history your browsing history view and edit view full history view full history shop by age shop for all ages curated by girls curated by boys curated entirely by our customers! babies toddlers 1 year olds 2 year olds 3 year olds 4 year olds 5 year olds 6 year olds 7 year olds 8 year olds 9 year olds 10 year olds 11 year olds 12 year olds teens adults seniors babies toddlers 1 year olds 2 year olds 3 year olds 4 year olds 5 year olds 6 year olds 7 year olds 8 year olds 9 year olds 10 year olds 11 year olds 12 year olds teens adults babies toddlers 1 year olds 2 year olds 3 year olds 4 year olds 5 year olds 6 year olds 7 year olds 8 year olds 9 year olds 10 year olds 11 year olds 12 year olds teens adults seniors curated entirely by our customers! toys for baby girls toys for toddler girls toys for 1 year old girls toys for 2 year old girls toys for 3 year old girls toys for 4 year old girls toys for 5 year old girls toys for 6 year old girls toys for 7 year old girls toys for 8 year old girls toys for 9 year old girls toys for 10 year old girls toys for 11 year old girls toys for 12 year old girls toys for teen girls toys for women toys for seniors baby girls toddler girls 1 year old girls 2 year old girls 3 year old girls 4 year old girls 5 year old girls 6 year old girls 7 year old girls 8 year old girls 9 year old girls 10 year old girls 11 year old girls 12 year old girls teen girls women baby girls toddler girls 1 year old girls 2 year old girls 3 year old girls 4 year old girls 5 year old girls 6 year old girls 7 year old girls 8 year old girls 9 year old girls 10 year old girls 11 year old girls 12 year old girls teen girls women seniors curated entirely by our customers! toys for baby boys toys for toddler boys toys for 1 year old boys toys for 2 year old boys toys for 3 year old boys toys for 4 year old boys toys for 5 year old boys toys for 6 year old boys toys for 7 year old boys toys for 8 year old boys toys for 9 year old boys toys for 10 year old boys toys for 11 year old boys toys for 12 year old boys toys for teen boys toys for men toys for seniors baby boys toddler boys 1 year old boys 2 year old boys 3 year old boys 4 year old boys 5 year old boys 6 year old boys 7 year old boys 8 year old boys 9 year old boys 10 year old boys 11 year old boys 12 year old boys teen boys men baby boys toddler boys 1 year old boys 2 year old boys 3 year old boys 4 year old boys 5 year old boys 6 year old boys 7 year old boys 8 year old boys 9 year old boys 10 year old boys 11 year old boys 12 year old boys teen boys men seniors best sellers updated daily, check out our "best sellers" list to see what toys and games are trending! best sellers new releases we travel the world searching for quality, innovative toys and games. check out our new releases to see the latest and greatest! new releases categories top toy categories view all active play arts & crafts baby toys & gifts books brainteasers building & construction classic & retro toys games outdoor toys puzzles science & nature stem toys special needs developmental goals montessori toys active play arts & crafts baby toys & gifts books brainteasers building & construction classic & retro toys games outdoor toys puzzles science & nature stem toys special needs developmental goals montessori toys fat brain collection we are not just a seller of toys...we design, develop, and manufacture our own award-winning toys, games, and brainteasers - many you won’t find anywhere else! fat brain collection name store looking for a truly unique gift? check out our name store for original and thoughtful personalized gifts! name store more resources more toy resources toys by interest american made toys special needs birthday ideas for educators businesses & schools history your browsing history view and edit view full history view full history shop by age best sellers new releases history shop by age best sellers new releases shop by age shop for all ages curated by girls curated by boys curated entirely by our customers! babies toddlers 1 year olds 2 year olds 3 year olds 4 year olds 5 year olds 6 year olds 7 year olds 8 year olds 9 year olds 10 year olds 11 year olds 12 year olds teens adults seniors curated entirely by our customers! baby girls toddler girls 1 year old girls 2 year old girls 3 year old girls 4 year old girls 5 year old girls 6 year old girls 7 year old girls 8 year old girls 9 year old girls 10 year old girls 11 year old girls 12 year old girls teen girls women seniors curated entirely by our customers! baby boys toddler boys 1 year old boys 2 year old boys 3 year old boys 4 year old boys 5 year old boys 6 year old boys 7 year old boys 8 year old boys 9 year old boys 10 year old boys 11 year old boys 12 year old boys teen boys men seniors best sellers new releases categories active play arts & crafts baby toys & gifts books brainteasers building toys classic & retro games outdoor toys puzzles science & nature stem toys montessori toys view all... also shop for... special needs developmental goals fat brain collection more resources toys by interest american made special needs birthday ideas business & school educators name store giftbot about us 1-800-590-5987 help chat 1-800-590-5987 help live chat 2020 has been a challenging year, to say the least. nevertheless, we hope to make your christmas and hanukkah shopping as stress-free as possible! because of covid-19, supply chains have been disrupted across all product categories, including toys. fat brain toys has stocked up early, but we are still anticipating possible shortages as we get into december. plus, we've been warned by our carriers that deliveries could be delayed during the peak shipping season. to avoid the potential for delays, we ask that you please shop early! rest assured, our "elf crew" will do their part to get your packages shipped and into your hands as quickly as possible. we appreciate your patronage and wish you and your family all the best this holiday season. happy holidays from the fat brain family! close sign in create account? - forgot password forgot password get exclusive deals & more! you have signed up for deals & more! by subscribing you are agreeing to receive our weekly email which includes exclusive offers. home gift registry baby showers… birthdays… holidays… or just for fun… your perfect wish list starts here. gifts for all ages from babies to school age to teens to adults, you can be sure to find a smarter way to play, no matter who you're shopping for. quality toys, quality play we believe play matters. that's why we are dedicated to providing quality play experiences that are built to last. toy experts are standing by whether you contact us through email or over the phone, you'll always be met with real, living human beings, ready to answer any questions you might have. our top gifted items teeter popper squigz timber tots bathtub bay spinagain dimpl pops deluxe door pong i got this! simpl dimpl - simple dimple dizzy bees innybin whirly squigz dimpl digits dimpl dimpl duo coggy shape factory animalogic spinnypins timber tots tree house dado cubes squigz 2.0 - 36 piece suction kupz build it blueprint puzzles gibgab mini squigz rock 'n roller piano rollagain tower pipsquigz loops oombeeball inky klickity peek-a-doodle doo! simpl dimpl - colorful swingin' shoes acuity i'm obsessed with this company. their toys are so great. different from the norm. fast shipping and great quality. - sally f. dayton, oh shop by age birthday concierge trending categories active play baby toys & gifts arts & crafts stem toys building & construction outdoor toys faqs how do i create a wish list? on the gift registry/wish list page of our website, click the button labeled "create a registry". fill out the form and then click the button at the bottom labeled "create registry". a small window will appear stating "you can now add gifts to your new registry by clicking the 'add to registry' button on any product." go to a product you would like to add to your registry and click the link labeled "add to registry" located just beneath the "add to cart" button. a window will appear confirming the details, including which list you would like to add it to, the title of the item, the price, quantity, and category. click the button that says "add to my registry". next, another window will appear with two buttons - "continue shopping" and "go to my registry." click "continue shopping" to continue adding more items to your registry. then, after you add your last item to your registry, click "go to my registry". if this is your first time creating a wish list or you are creating a new wish list, you'll be guided through a few steps on myregistry.com for confirming the details of your list. once you finish confirming the details of your list, you'll be taken to a page listing all the items you've added to your wish list. if you would like to add more gifts to your registry, click the "add gifts" button. you'll be taken to a page that lists all the different ways you can add gifts to your registry, including a link that will take you back to the fat brain toys website. how do i make changes to my wish list? log into your myregistry.com account. you'll be taken directly to your registry list. as you hover your mouse over each item in your list, a set of options will appear, allowing you to either edit the details of the item, view its product page, share it via email, or delete it from your list. if you would like to add more gifts to your registry, click the "add gifts" button toward the top right of the screen. you'll be taken to a page that lists all the different ways you can add gifts to your registry. how do i reset my myregistry.com password? log into your myregistry.com account. at the top of the screen, hover your mouse over the tab on the far right labeled "settings". in the drop-down menu, select "profile & shipping info". you'll be taken to a page titled "my settings". click the "edit" button to the right of the word "details". then, below the section where your name is listed, you'll see the word "password" and a link labeled "change password". when you click that link, a small window will appear that will prompt you to provide your current password and your new password. once you click "update", your password will be updated. how do i find an existing fat brain toys wish list? go to the gift registry/wish list page on the fat brain toys website and click the button labeled "find a registry." input the first and last name associated with the registry you are looking for and then click the "search" button. you'll be taken to a page listing the registry lists associated with the name you provided. click the button labeled "view" next to the registry you would like to view. you can then browse and purchase items directly from the registry list you've selected. can i create gift registries for other people? yes, you can! log into your myregistry.com account and click the "my gifts" tab. the title of your current registry will be listed at the top right corner. click that title and a drop-down menu will appear. in that menu, click "create new registry". as you create your new registry, you'll be asked who this registry is for. click "someone else" and then provide the name of the person you would like this registry to be for. then, continue following the prompts to finish creating the registry. can others view my personal information? no. when guests view your registry, either on the fat brain toys website or on myregistry.com, they will only be able to see your name, the title of the registry list, the date of the event, and the items in your registry accompanied by links guiding them to where the items can be purchased. how quickly are registries updated when purchases are made? the registry will be updated the moment an item is purchased. however, if an item is purchased from a store other than fat brain toys or the store indicated on the registry, you will have to return to the registry, locate the item, and click the "buy" button. clicking the "buy" button will take you to the store to complete the order, however the registry will remain open in another window. if you return to that window, it will ask you "did you buy this gift?". by clicking "yes", the item will instantly be marked as purchased on the registry. can i purchase for more than one registry at a time? yes, you can purchase gifts from more than one registry at a time. however, if the gifts are being shipped to separate addresses, you will have to complete a separate purchase for each address. one order cannot be split up and shipped to multiple addresses. don’t see the answer to your question here? please contact us at cs@fatbraintoys. powered by we have partnered with myregistry.com so you can place all of the items that you want onto one universal gift registry. create your master gift list and share your single manageable registry with family and friends. get exclusive deals & more! subscribe customer service customer service contact us order status return authorization faqs toy safety info privacy policy cookie policy terms of use about us about us our story mission stores our causes testimonials wholesale join our team shop shop best toys for kids by age top kids toys new toys for kids award winning toys birthday gift ideas christmas toys coming soon toy catalog connect extras play blog for business educators extra credit birthday concierge special needs gift registry/wish list media ip-192-168-36-115.us-east-2.compute.internal{ts '2022-01-12 21:54:29'} copyright © 2003-2022 fat brain toys, llc. all rights reserved. fat brain toys® is a registered service mark of fat brain toys, llc error: an error has occured, please try again. if the problem persists contact customer service at 1-800-590-5987 close scroll to top of page