来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20231217090248/https://www.fatbraintoys.com/info/faq.cfm
================================================================================

frequently asked questions - fat brain toys cyber week! $20 off orders of $150+ use code: nq-6463 see details $7.99 flat rate shipping! my cart 0 1-800-590-5987 help sign in $7.99 flat rate shipping! menu sign in 0 giftbot about us history your browsing history view and edit view full history view full history shop by age shop for all ages curated by girls curated by boys curated entirely by our customers! babies toddlers 1 year olds 2 year olds 3 year olds 4 year olds 5 year olds 6 year olds 7 year olds 8 year olds 9 year olds 10 year olds 11 year olds 12 year olds teens adults seniors babies toddlers 1 year olds 2 year olds 3 year olds 4 year olds 5 year olds 6 year olds 7 year olds 8 year olds 9 year olds 10 year olds 11 year olds 12 year olds teens adults babies toddlers 1 year olds 2 year olds 3 year olds 4 year olds 5 year olds 6 year olds 7 year olds 8 year olds 9 year olds 10 year olds 11 year olds 12 year olds teens adults seniors curated entirely by our customers! toys for baby girls toys for toddler girls toys for 1 year old girls toys for 2 year old girls toys for 3 year old girls toys for 4 year old girls toys for 5 year old girls toys for 6 year old girls toys for 7 year old girls toys for 8 year old girls toys for 9 year old girls toys for 10 year old girls toys for 11 year old girls toys for 12 year old girls toys for teen girls toys for women toys for seniors baby girls toddler girls 1 year old girls 2 year old girls 3 year old girls 4 year old girls 5 year old girls 6 year old girls 7 year old girls 8 year old girls 9 year old girls 10 year old girls 11 year old girls 12 year old girls teen girls women baby girls toddler girls 1 year old girls 2 year old girls 3 year old girls 4 year old girls 5 year old girls 6 year old girls 7 year old girls 8 year old girls 9 year old girls 10 year old girls 11 year old girls 12 year old girls teen girls women seniors curated entirely by our customers! toys for baby boys toys for toddler boys toys for 1 year old boys toys for 2 year old boys toys for 3 year old boys toys for 4 year old boys toys for 5 year old boys toys for 6 year old boys toys for 7 year old boys toys for 8 year old boys toys for 9 year old boys toys for 10 year old boys toys for 11 year old boys toys for 12 year old boys toys for teen boys toys for men toys for seniors baby boys toddler boys 1 year old boys 2 year old boys 3 year old boys 4 year old boys 5 year old boys 6 year old boys 7 year old boys 8 year old boys 9 year old boys 10 year old boys 11 year old boys 12 year old boys teen boys men baby boys toddler boys 1 year old boys 2 year old boys 3 year old boys 4 year old boys 5 year old boys 6 year old boys 7 year old boys 8 year old boys 9 year old boys 10 year old boys 11 year old boys 12 year old boys teen boys men seniors best sellers updated daily, check out our "best sellers" list to see what toys and games are trending! best sellers new releases we travel the world searching for quality, innovative toys and games. check out our new releases to see the latest and greatest! new releases categories top toy categories view all active play arts & crafts baby toys & gifts books brainteasers building & construction classic & retro toys games outdoor toys puzzles science & nature stem toys special needs developmental goals montessori toys active play arts & crafts baby toys & gifts books brainteasers building & construction classic & retro toys games outdoor toys puzzles science & nature stem toys special needs developmental goals montessori toys fat brain collection we are not just a seller of toys...we design, develop, and manufacture our own award-winning toys, games, and brainteasers - many you won’t find anywhere else! fat brain collection name store looking for a truly unique gift? check out our name store for original and thoughtful personalized gifts! name store more resources more toy resources toys by interest american made toys special needs birthday ideas for educators businesses & schools history your browsing history view and edit view full history view full history shop by age best sellers new releases history shop by age best sellers new releases shop by age shop for all ages curated by girls curated by boys curated entirely by our customers! babies toddlers 1 year olds 2 year olds 3 year olds 4 year olds 5 year olds 6 year olds 7 year olds 8 year olds 9 year olds 10 year olds 11 year olds 12 year olds teens adults seniors curated entirely by our customers! baby girls toddler girls 1 year old girls 2 year old girls 3 year old girls 4 year old girls 5 year old girls 6 year old girls 7 year old girls 8 year old girls 9 year old girls 10 year old girls 11 year old girls 12 year old girls teen girls women seniors curated entirely by our customers! baby boys toddler boys 1 year old boys 2 year old boys 3 year old boys 4 year old boys 5 year old boys 6 year old boys 7 year old boys 8 year old boys 9 year old boys 10 year old boys 11 year old boys 12 year old boys teen boys men seniors best sellers new releases categories active play arts & crafts baby toys & gifts books brainteasers building toys classic & retro games outdoor toys puzzles science & nature stem toys montessori toys view all... also shop for... special needs developmental goals fat brain collection more resources toys by interest american made special needs birthday ideas business & school educators name store giftbot about us 1-800-590-5987 help chat 1-800-590-5987 help live chat × holiday shipping schedule to assure delivery in time for christmas, please reference the following chart: ship method latest ship date est. delivery flat rate december 13th, 2:00 p.m. cst december 22nd ups ground december 18th, 2:00 p.m. cst december 22nd ups 3-day select december 19th, 2:00 p.m. cst december 22nd ups 2-day december 20th, 2:00 p.m. cst december 22nd ups next day air december 21st, 2:00 p.m. cst december 22nd *per ups: delivery times may vary and are not guaranteed at this time. express shipping ups ground is our standard method of shipping which can vary from 3-6 business days for delivery. however, we also offer you the opportunity to use ups's express shipment options, including 3-day select, 2nd day air, and next day air. shipping information the majority of orders for in-stock items purchased during our peak season are shipped within 24 hours. orders are shipped from our warehouse in omaha, nebraska - smack dab in the middle of the country - so allow 3-5 business days shipping time to either coast using standard shipping, while other locations will vary from 2 to 3 business days. available inventory we stock nearly every product that we sell...and we keep a lot of product in stock. unlike most online retailers, we like to give our customers as much information as we can so that you can feel confident in your buying decision. one such piece of information is actual stock levels. on each and every product page, you'll find a very accurate count of available inventory at that given moment. this should give you the confidence that not only is the item in stock, but we actually have "n" number of units available to ship. backordered product if a product is listed as "backordered" or "currently on order", that means that we are waiting on a shipment from the manufacturer. at this time of the year, our manufacturers occasionally get bogged down. as a result, we're unable to guarantee holiday delivery for items that are backordered. out of stock products if a product is listed as "out of stock" or "not currently available for purchase", it means that we have sold our entire inventory of that product and will not be getting more prior to the holidays. alaska, hawaii, u.s. territories, apo/fpo because ups ground is not an option for these areas, we ship through the us postal service. unfortunately, when shipping usps, you'll need to allow several additional days for it to be shipped and we also do not have the granular level of tracking that we do with ups. if you're having an order shipped to one of these areas, we strongly encourage you to place your order before december 13th to allow adequate time for delivery. international orders if you're having an order shipped internationally and want it delivered for the holidays, we suggest that you place your order no later than december 5th. however, because delivery times vary so widely from country to country, we cannot guarantee international deliveries before the holidays. after the sale support we're here to support you before and after your purchase. unlike some large online companies who will only communicate with you via email, we're always just a phone call away! just call us toll-free at 1-800-590-5987 and let us know how we can help. bottom line we want your holidays to be joyful and hassle-free - that's what we're here for. we'll do everything in our power to insure that you receive what you ordered and in time for the holidays. if we can't, we will communicate that to you well in advance so that you can make other arrangements. if the above doesn't answer your questions, we encourage you to either email us at cs@fatbraintoys.com or call us toll-free at 1-800-590-5987. $20 off orders of $150 or more! promo code: nq-6463 expires friday, december 1st, 2023 at 11:59 p.m. cst. limit one per purchase. cannot be combined with other offers. offer cannot be applied on previous purchases or purchases made after the expiration. offer excludes gift certificates and lego systems inc. products. close free shipping on any order of $99+! applies only to standard shipping. qualification based on final subtotal of $99 or more. drop-ship items and orders shipped outside of the 48 contiguous united states do not qualify. close timber tots schoolhouse bundle! $130 value for just $49.95! we're bundling the timber tots schoolhouse, the timber tots school bus, and three timber tots families, all for just $49.95! give your little one a full ride to fun! schoolhouse bundle 2020 has been a challenging year, to say the least. nevertheless, we hope to make your christmas and hanukkah shopping as stress-free as possible! because of covid-19, supply chains have been disrupted across all product categories, including toys. fat brain toys has stocked up early, but we are still anticipating possible shortages as we get into december. plus, we've been warned by our carriers that deliveries could be delayed during the peak shipping season. to avoid the potential for delays, we ask that you please shop early! rest assured, our "elf crew" will do their part to get your packages shipped and into your hands as quickly as possible. we appreciate your patronage and wish you and your family all the best this holiday season. happy holidays from the fat brain family! close sign in create account? - forgot password forgot password get exclusive deals & more! you have signed up for deals & more! by subscribing you are agreeing to receive our weekly email which includes exclusive offers. home frequently asked questions frequently asked questions show all hide all shipping how much will it cost to ship my order? if you ship to a physical (street) address within the contiguous 48 states, we offer $7.99 standard shipping . if you ship to a po box, usps shipping rates will apply. do you ship internationally? yes, we do! place the items in your cart and click on secure checkout. click on the blue link on the right side of the page to estimate shipping. then enter your postal code and country. customs fees that may be assessed in the destination country are not included in our shipping costs and vary according to the inbound country regulations. do you ship to apo boxes? yes, we do! postal service, apo, dpo, and fpo shipping rates apply (price shipping for military). the us postal service will deliver to the military post office, which then delivers the package to the military location. do you offer in-store pick-up? yes, we do! our flagship store is located in omaha, nebraska, and our second brick-and-mortar store is located in overland park in the kansas city, kansas area. if your zip code is near either of our stores, a ship-to-store option will show up on the check-out page. there is no shipping charge to pick up an order in one of our stores, although sales tax is calculated for those locations. how can i look at more shipping options? when you get to the shipping method section during checkout it will provide you with a list of different shipping options available to you, depending on the address you provided how much will it cost to ship to another country? we ship to international destinations using usps priority international and usps express international. these costs are based on the weight and the size of the box. some countries limit the dimensions of incoming packages so there may be items we cannot ship. another important note to keep in mind is that orders being shipped out of the u.s. may be subject to taxes, customs duties, and other fees upon arrival at the destination country, for which the recipient is responsible. my order hasn’t shipped because something was on backorder; what should i do? if an item is on backorder, it will be marked as such in your cart during checkout. backordered items do not split out automatically. if you wish to split the order so the rest of your order ships sooner, please call our customer care staff toll-free at 1-800-590-5987 and they can split your order for you. if items in my order ship separately, will i be charged extra? as long as you place one single order shipping to one address, you will not be charged extra shipping for a split order. when can i expect my order to ship? most of our orders ship within 24 hours! depending on the time of year, some orders ship within a couple hours! can i ship to a us address when i live abroad? yes! currency will be in us dollars, and conversion rates may apply (please check with your credit card company, or payment company). return what is your return policy? you can see our full return policy on our return authorization page.. what do i need to know before i start the return process? you need your order number and access to a printer. how long do i have to return an item? all returns must be made within 90 days of purchase. i need to return an opened item that was received broken. please call our customer care staff toll-free at 1-800-590-5987. when you describe the damage to them, they can assist with a replacement. please save the box and all packaging paper as a claim with ups may be required. i opened the item and played with it and didn’t like it. we want you to be 100% satisfied with your order! you can either start the return authorization process yourself online or call our customer care staff toll-free at 1-800-590-5987. opened items can be returned for a gift certificate within 90 days of purchase. some exceptions apply. i didn’t open the item. you can return the new, unopened item for a full refund to the payment method you used. some exceptions apply. can i return/exchange a gift without the purchaser knowing? yes! you will need to call our customer care staff toll-free at 1-800-590-5987 so they can look up the original order (unless grandma or great-aunt hazel sent you the receipt with the order number) and advise you how to continue. if you already have the order number (you can find it on the shipping receipt if the package was shipped directly to you), you can also complete the return authorization online. make sure you select the box next to this item was a gift so that you can input your own contact information—this ensures that the purchaser is never notified of your return/exchange. how should i package my return? if possible, please use the original box and packing papers we shipped to you. this helps ensure that the item is not damaged during return shipping. however, if the original package was damaged during shipping, please put the returning item into an appropriate-sized shipping box. when can i expect my return to be processed? most returns are processed within 3-5 business days after we receive the return in our warehouse. will i be charged shipping for my return? yes. however, the return shipping cost is a flat rate of $7.99, no matter how big the item is, and, to make the process as easy for you as possible, it will be deducted from your return/credit, so you do not need to provide us with any further payment information. payment what payment types do you accept? we accept visa, mastercard, discover, and american express credit cards and gift cards, debit cards, paypal, and amazon payments. i’m an amazon prime member; do i get free shipping? amazon prime member benefits do not apply to orders placed directly through fat brain toys. however, we do offer standard shipping of $7.99 (see shipping faq). is your site secure? yes! you will see either a little lock in the corner next to our url, or the https that designates that our site is secure, depending on what type of browser you are using. how do i check the balance on my gift card? please call our customer care staff toll-free at 1-800-590-5987 and they can look up the balance for you. do you accept purchase orders? yes, we do! you can email purchase orders to po@fatbraintoys.com schools, government institutions, and businesses can see more about using a purchase order by clicking here. when will i be charged for my order? we charge when we ship, although you may see an authorization on your credit or debit card after you make the purchase. this is our system checking to make sure funds are available for your purchase. why do i see multiple charges on my card for one order? since we only charge when we physically ship an item, if you had any items that were backordered, you will see a separate charge when those items ship. special fat brain toys services do you offer gift wrap? if you either purchase in-store, or choose in-store pick-up, we do offer free gift wrap! if you are shopping online in a region where pick-up is not an option, we offer gift bags for $2.95 each on our site. add the number of gift bags to your cart before check-out. you can specify which toys go into a gift bag with a gift message. our warehouse has different sizes of bags and will choose a size accordingly. can i include a gift message with my order? you can add one (or more) gift messages to your order. during check-out, click on the free gift messages box. you will then be able to type in the recipient’s name, a gift message, your from name and designate which toys go to that recipient. if you have more than one gift message, simply save the first one, then add another. if you purchased gift bags, the gift message will help our warehouse pack the correct toys into each bag. do you offer discounts to teachers & schools? yes, we do! we love teachers! if you are are an educator, including after-school programs, or a school, you can sign up for our educator’s extra credit program to receive 10% off every purchase you make. what is birthday concierge? birthday concierge is a unique tool that doesn't just help you keep track of all the birthday gifts you need to buy throughout the year, it also helps you make those gifts exceptionally special. here's how it works. one month before the recipient's birthday, we'll send you an email featuring a personalized list of gifts we're sure they'll love. once you pick the perfect gift, we'll wrap it for you - actually gift wrap it for you - free of charge. meanwhile, perfect pick and gift-wrap aside, your gift becomes even more memorable with a complimentary personalized birthday message. oh, and did we mention the whole thing is packaged with confetti? to get the birthday concierge treatment for your next birthday gift, sign up and add the name of the recipient at least 30 days before his/her birthday to allow time for processing. what is team jack round-up? we want to see pediatric brain cancer eradicated! we have partnered up with the nonprofit organization, team jack, for a long-term fundraising partnership. round up your order and all of that money goes directly into research to combat brain cancer in children. together, we can make a difference! you can read more about our partnership and see a video about team jack by clicking here. general faq can i cancel my order before it ships? you can if you are fast enough! since we process orders quickly (most ship within 24 hours or much, much sooner!), you will need to call our customer care staff toll-free at1-800-590-5987, or use live chat online, so staff can check the real-time status of your order and let you know if it can be canceled. can i modify my order before it ships? you can if you are fast enough! since we process orders quickly (most ship within 24 hours or much, much sooner!), you will need to call our customer care staff toll-free at 1-800-590-5987, or use live chat online, so staff can check the real-time status of your order and let you know if any items can be added or removed from your order. what does it mean when it says an item is backordered? that means that it is out of stock, but that we are expecting it to be back in-stock soon. you can call our customer care staff toll-free at 1-800-590-5987 to have them check when we are expecting to receive that item, or to split your order. backordered items are not automatically split out, but customer care can split the order for you. (you will not be charged extra shipping for splitting the order.) i’m an international customer and can’t call a toll-free number. international customers (except customers in canada, who can use the toll-free number) can call our local number (402-779-3181) by adding the country code. international call rates apply. i called at 4:45 pst and you weren’t there. our office is available to take calls until 5:00 p.m. cst. member rewards how do i sign up? simply create a member account and you are automatically enrolled in the member rewards program. how do i earn membership rewards? you’ll earn points every time you shop! 3% of every purchase becomes rewards points. what can i do with my membership rewards points? for every point, we’ll give you $1 to use toward your next purchase. the more points you earn, the more rewards you get. how can i see my membership rewards points balance? want to track your point progress? just log in to your account and click on rewards tab. do points have expiration dates? nope! as long as you keep your account, your points are safe. what are other benefits of creating a member account? • keep track of your favorites • keep track of your birthdays with birthday concierge • personalized recommendations • see what you’ve purchased in the past get exclusive deals & more! subscribe customer service customer service contact us order status return authorization faqs toy safety info privacy policy cookie policy terms of use about us about us our story mission stores our causes testimonials wholesale join our team dei shop shop best toys for kids by age top kids toys new toys for kids award winning toys birthday gift ideas christmas toys coming soon toy catalog connect extras play blog for business educators extra credit birthday concierge special needs gift registry/wish list media ip-192-168-38-88.us-east-2.compute.internal{ts '2023-12-01 23:37:19'} copyright © 2003-2023 fat brain toys, llc. all rights reserved. fat brain toys® is a registered service mark of fat brain toys, llc error: an error has occured, please try again. if the problem persists contact customer service at 1-800-590-5987 close scroll to top of page