来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20231217090248/https://www.fatbraintoys.com/about_us/
================================================================================

about fat brain toys 15% off one item! use code: wz-2423 see details $7.99 flat rate shipping! my cart 0 1-800-590-5987 help sign in $7.99 flat rate shipping! menu sign in 0 giftbot about us history your browsing history view and edit view full history view full history shop by age shop for all ages curated by girls curated by boys curated entirely by our customers! babies toddlers 1 year olds 2 year olds 3 year olds 4 year olds 5 year olds 6 year olds 7 year olds 8 year olds 9 year olds 10 year olds 11 year olds 12 year olds teens adults seniors babies toddlers 1 year olds 2 year olds 3 year olds 4 year olds 5 year olds 6 year olds 7 year olds 8 year olds 9 year olds 10 year olds 11 year olds 12 year olds teens adults babies toddlers 1 year olds 2 year olds 3 year olds 4 year olds 5 year olds 6 year olds 7 year olds 8 year olds 9 year olds 10 year olds 11 year olds 12 year olds teens adults seniors curated entirely by our customers! toys for baby girls toys for toddler girls toys for 1 year old girls toys for 2 year old girls toys for 3 year old girls toys for 4 year old girls toys for 5 year old girls toys for 6 year old girls toys for 7 year old girls toys for 8 year old girls toys for 9 year old girls toys for 10 year old girls toys for 11 year old girls toys for 12 year old girls toys for teen girls toys for women toys for seniors baby girls toddler girls 1 year old girls 2 year old girls 3 year old girls 4 year old girls 5 year old girls 6 year old girls 7 year old girls 8 year old girls 9 year old girls 10 year old girls 11 year old girls 12 year old girls teen girls women baby girls toddler girls 1 year old girls 2 year old girls 3 year old girls 4 year old girls 5 year old girls 6 year old girls 7 year old girls 8 year old girls 9 year old girls 10 year old girls 11 year old girls 12 year old girls teen girls women seniors curated entirely by our customers! toys for baby boys toys for toddler boys toys for 1 year old boys toys for 2 year old boys toys for 3 year old boys toys for 4 year old boys toys for 5 year old boys toys for 6 year old boys toys for 7 year old boys toys for 8 year old boys toys for 9 year old boys toys for 10 year old boys toys for 11 year old boys toys for 12 year old boys toys for teen boys toys for men toys for seniors baby boys toddler boys 1 year old boys 2 year old boys 3 year old boys 4 year old boys 5 year old boys 6 year old boys 7 year old boys 8 year old boys 9 year old boys 10 year old boys 11 year old boys 12 year old boys teen boys men baby boys toddler boys 1 year old boys 2 year old boys 3 year old boys 4 year old boys 5 year old boys 6 year old boys 7 year old boys 8 year old boys 9 year old boys 10 year old boys 11 year old boys 12 year old boys teen boys men seniors best sellers updated daily, check out our "best sellers" list to see what toys and games are trending! best sellers new releases we travel the world searching for quality, innovative toys and games. check out our new releases to see the latest and greatest! new releases categories top toy categories view all active play arts & crafts baby toys & gifts books brainteasers building & construction classic & retro toys games outdoor toys puzzles science & nature stem toys special needs developmental goals montessori toys active play arts & crafts baby toys & gifts books brainteasers building & construction classic & retro toys games outdoor toys puzzles science & nature stem toys special needs developmental goals montessori toys fat brain collection we are not just a seller of toys...we design, develop, and manufacture our own award-winning toys, games, and brainteasers - many you won’t find anywhere else! fat brain collection name store looking for a truly unique gift? check out our name store for original and thoughtful personalized gifts! name store more resources more toy resources toys by interest american made toys special needs birthday ideas for educators businesses & schools history your browsing history view and edit view full history view full history shop by age best sellers new releases history shop by age best sellers new releases shop by age shop for all ages curated by girls curated by boys curated entirely by our customers! babies toddlers 1 year olds 2 year olds 3 year olds 4 year olds 5 year olds 6 year olds 7 year olds 8 year olds 9 year olds 10 year olds 11 year olds 12 year olds teens adults seniors curated entirely by our customers! baby girls toddler girls 1 year old girls 2 year old girls 3 year old girls 4 year old girls 5 year old girls 6 year old girls 7 year old girls 8 year old girls 9 year old girls 10 year old girls 11 year old girls 12 year old girls teen girls women seniors curated entirely by our customers! baby boys toddler boys 1 year old boys 2 year old boys 3 year old boys 4 year old boys 5 year old boys 6 year old boys 7 year old boys 8 year old boys 9 year old boys 10 year old boys 11 year old boys 12 year old boys teen boys men seniors best sellers new releases categories active play arts & crafts baby toys & gifts books brainteasers building toys classic & retro games outdoor toys puzzles science & nature stem toys montessori toys view all... also shop for... special needs developmental goals fat brain collection more resources toys by interest american made special needs birthday ideas business & school educators name store giftbot about us 1-800-590-5987 help chat 1-800-590-5987 help live chat × holiday shipping schedule to assure delivery in time for christmas, please reference the following chart: ship method latest ship date est. delivery flat rate december 13th, 2:00 p.m. cst december 22nd ups ground december 18th, 2:00 p.m. cst december 22nd ups 3-day select december 19th, 2:00 p.m. cst december 22nd ups 2-day december 20th, 2:00 p.m. cst december 22nd ups next day air december 21st, 2:00 p.m. cst december 22nd *per ups: delivery times may vary and are not guaranteed at this time. express shipping ups ground is our standard method of shipping which can vary from 3-6 business days for delivery. however, we also offer you the opportunity to use ups's express shipment options, including 3-day select, 2nd day air, and next day air. shipping information the majority of orders for in-stock items purchased during our peak season are shipped within 24 hours. orders are shipped from our warehouse in omaha, nebraska - smack dab in the middle of the country - so allow 3-5 business days shipping time to either coast using standard shipping, while other locations will vary from 2 to 3 business days. available inventory we stock nearly every product that we sell...and we keep a lot of product in stock. unlike most online retailers, we like to give our customers as much information as we can so that you can feel confident in your buying decision. one such piece of information is actual stock levels. on each and every product page, you'll find a very accurate count of available inventory at that given moment. this should give you the confidence that not only is the item in stock, but we actually have "n" number of units available to ship. backordered product if a product is listed as "backordered" or "currently on order", that means that we are waiting on a shipment from the manufacturer. at this time of the year, our manufacturers occasionally get bogged down. as a result, we're unable to guarantee holiday delivery for items that are backordered. out of stock products if a product is listed as "out of stock" or "not currently available for purchase", it means that we have sold our entire inventory of that product and will not be getting more prior to the holidays. alaska, hawaii, u.s. territories, apo/fpo because ups ground is not an option for these areas, we ship through the us postal service. unfortunately, when shipping usps, you'll need to allow several additional days for it to be shipped and we also do not have the granular level of tracking that we do with ups. if you're having an order shipped to one of these areas, we strongly encourage you to place your order before december 13th to allow adequate time for delivery. international orders if you're having an order shipped internationally and want it delivered for the holidays, we suggest that you place your order no later than december 5th. however, because delivery times vary so widely from country to country, we cannot guarantee international deliveries before the holidays. after the sale support we're here to support you before and after your purchase. unlike some large online companies who will only communicate with you via email, we're always just a phone call away! just call us toll-free at 1-800-590-5987 and let us know how we can help. bottom line we want your holidays to be joyful and hassle-free - that's what we're here for. we'll do everything in our power to insure that you receive what you ordered and in time for the holidays. if we can't, we will communicate that to you well in advance so that you can make other arrangements. if the above doesn't answer your questions, we encourage you to either email us at cs@fatbraintoys.com or call us toll-free at 1-800-590-5987. 15% off one item! promo code: wz-2423 expires monday, december 11th, 2023 at 11:59 p.m. cst. limit one per purchase. cannot be combined with other offers. offer cannot be applied on previous purchases or purchases made after the expiration. offer excludes gift certificates and lego systems inc. products. close free shipping on any order of $99+! applies only to standard shipping. qualification based on final subtotal of $99 or more. drop-ship items and orders shipped outside of the 48 contiguous united states do not qualify. close timber tots schoolhouse bundle! $130 value for just $49.95! we're bundling the timber tots schoolhouse, the timber tots school bus, and three timber tots families, all for just $49.95! give your little one a full ride to fun! schoolhouse bundle 2020 has been a challenging year, to say the least. nevertheless, we hope to make your christmas and hanukkah shopping as stress-free as possible! because of covid-19, supply chains have been disrupted across all product categories, including toys. fat brain toys has stocked up early, but we are still anticipating possible shortages as we get into december. plus, we've been warned by our carriers that deliveries could be delayed during the peak shipping season. to avoid the potential for delays, we ask that you please shop early! rest assured, our "elf crew" will do their part to get your packages shipped and into your hands as quickly as possible. we appreciate your patronage and wish you and your family all the best this holiday season. happy holidays from the fat brain family! close sign in create account? - forgot password forgot password get exclusive deals & more! you have signed up for deals & more! by subscribing you are agreeing to receive our weekly email which includes exclusive offers. home about fat brain toys about us toggle navigation about us menu welcome our story videos mission statement team jack foundation retail stores omaha overland park our catalog testimonials join our team contact us submit products what is fat brain toys? great toys… even better service. we admit it…we’re toy snobs. not just any toy can be a “fat brain toy” and we like it that way. browsing our website or store shelves, you’ll quickly discover that we don’t sell the licensed, violent, disposable toys being sold at most major retailers. what you will find instead is a curated collection of quality, open-ended toys, games, and gifts that both entertain and educate. but our unparalleled selection of quality toys is just one of the many reasons fat brain toys is so unique: "toys" isn’t a category for us. it’s all we do! we provide support from our in-hou se toy experts before and after the sale. call us, email us, chat with us - heck, you can even fax us! we’re here for you. we stock nearly every product we sell from our own centrally-located warehouse. we ship fast…in 24 hours or less for in-stock products. award-winning toy design we don’t just sell toys…we design the toys too. unable to find enough of the toys that met our high standards, we began designing our own toys in 2006. since then, the fat brain collection has won numerous industry awards and has been featured on the today show, tonight show, new york times, and the wall street journal. our products also make frequent appearances on celebrity social media accounts like the kardashians, andy cohen, and chrissy teigan. award winning toys our business model “sorry, mr. middleman, your services aren’t needed here.” as the designer of our own toys, we’re simply able to produce a better-quality toy, faster and at a lower price. period. our toy-development process is equally simple. we listen to our customers’ wants & needs and then seek out innovative solutions with developmental goals in mind. our in-house engineering team cranks out amazing designs while our “small batch” manufacturers produce everything according to our strict quality standards. after thorough safety testing, our toys ship directly from our warehouse to your doorstep - wherever in the world that doorstep may be! fat brain toys other retailers our roots run deep toys from our family to yours. toys shouldn’t originate in the boardroom, they should be born in the family room. that is the real-life heritage of fat brain toys it was 2002 when 10-year-old adam carson suggested to his parents that they start an online toy store from their home. eighteen years later, not only do his parents still operate the company, but adam is now one of its lead industrial designers. it’s out of this family heritage that we draw inspiration. and it’s the fundamental value of play that we hope to bring to you and your family shop by age get exclusive deals & more! subscribe customer service customer service contact us order status return authorization faqs toy safety info privacy policy cookie policy terms of use about us about us our story mission stores our causes testimonials wholesale join our team dei shop shop best toys for kids by age top kids toys new toys for kids award winning toys birthday gift ideas christmas toys coming soon toy catalog connect extras play blog for business educators extra credit birthday concierge special needs gift registry/wish list media ip-192-168-34-235.us-east-2.compute.internal{ts '2023-12-02 01:23:41'} copyright © 2003-2023 fat brain toys, llc. all rights reserved. fat brain toys® is a registered service mark of fat brain toys, llc error: an error has occured, please try again. if the problem persists contact customer service at 1-800-590-5987 close scroll to top of page