来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20121226101401/http://www.biglots.com/privacy-policy
================================================================================

big lots privacy policy skip to departments skip to main content my favorite store: 702 east state road - american fork, ut change my account help buzz club rewards™ weekly ad store locator search for a store or select a state alabama arizona arkansas california colorado connecticut delaware district of columbia florida georgia idaho illinois indiana iowa kansas kentucky louisiana maine maryland massachusetts michigan minnesota mississippi missouri montana nebraska nevada new hampshire new jersey new mexico new york north carolina north dakota ohio oklahoma oregon pennsylvania rhode island south carolina south dakota tennessee texas utah vermont virginia washington west virginia wisconsin wyoming it's easy, it's free! sign up or log in shop departments this week's deals new arrivals as advertised grocery clearance christmas trees indoor décor ornaments & trim outdoor décor lights gift wrap & more holiday entertaining holiday sets & gifts stocking stuffers gifts for your pet toys boys girls games & activities kids electronics preschool $10 toys electronics blu-ray & dvd video games nintendo ds™ ps3™ wii™ xbox 360® furniture living room kitchen & dining mattresses bedroom home office youth fireplaces for the home bed & bath home décor & more kitchen storage & organization vacuums & floorcare heaters fans grocery dollar deals this week's deals food drinks international foods fresh finds candy game day snacks tailgating setting up camp tableware food & drink home essentials household cleaning paper & plastic electrical cords & more storage & trash bags home improvement tools paint supplies & more weather preparation health & beauty automotive baby pets apparel & accessories privacy policy privacy policy this privacy policy applies to each big lots® ("big lots," "us" or "we") web site ("site") and is a part of the site's user agreement. this privacy policy was developed as an extension of our commitment to the highest level of integrity in dealing with our customers. this privacy policy is designed to assist you in understanding how we collect, use, disclose and safeguard the personal information you provide to us when you use the site or engage in a disclosure activity (as defined below). by using the site or engaging in a disclosure activity, you agree to the collection, use and disclosure of your personal information as described in this privacy policy. if you do not agree to the terms of this policy, do not use the site or engage in a disclosure activity. providers. we use third parties to operate the site, collect information, conduct marketing and research, and perform other services for us. we refer to those third parties collectively in this agreement as our "providers." where we discuss our collection and use of information, we may use our providers to collect and/or use the information on our behalf. collection of personal information. we only collect personal information from you when you provide it to us. for example, subject to our compliance with applicable laws, regulations and rules, we collect personal information from you: (1) when you sign up to receive our emails; (2) in connection with the buzz club® or buzz club rewards™ programs; (3) when you participate in the site's interactive features, including those that invite you to submit an idea to us; (4) when you participate in a promotion, sweepstakes or contest; (5) when you participate in a survey, chat room, message board, blog or other forum; (6) when you make a purchase; (7) when you initiate a price hold; or (8) when you contact us for any reason (collectively, "disclosure activity"). the information we collect may include your name, email address, mailing address, telephone number, payment information (such as credit card number), purchase information, as well as the contents of your communications with us. we may combine the information we collect from you with information we receive from you offline, as well as with information we receive about you from other sources, such as address update services. we will not sell the personal information we have collected from and about you. if you use any of the site's tell-a-friend features, we ask for your friend's email address. we use this information only to send the communication you requested and to monitor the effectiveness of our tell-a-friend features. collection of non-personal information. similar to other commercial websites, we utilize "cookies" and web server logs to collect information about how the site is used. cookies are small pieces of data that are stored by your browser on your hard drive. information gathered through cookies and web server logs may include your browser type, operating system, ip address, the date and time of visits, the pages and products viewed, time spent at the site, the websites visited just before and after the site and other clickstream information. none of this information is associated with you as an individual. we use this information to: (1) conduct research, in order to improve the site, our products and services and to better serve our customers; (2) provide you with customized content and advertising; and (3) monitor site usage. we may also use web beacons on the site and in our emails. web beacons are tiny graphic images that are used to collect information about your site visit, such as the pages you view and the features you use, as well as information about whether you open and/or act upon one of our emails. web beacons help us analyze our site visitors' behavior and measure the effectiveness of the site and our email campaigns. protecting your email address, log-in information, password and buzz club rewards account and card. it is solely your responsibility to maintain the privacy of your email address, log-in information, password, and buzz club rewards account and card. your failure to do so may result in unauthorized access to your personal information. please keep your email address, log-in information, password, and buzz club rewards card in a safe place. we have no liability to you for a stolen or misappropriated email address, log-in information, password, or buzz club rewards card. how do we use the information that you provide to us? we use the information we collect from and about you for the following purposes: (1) to respond to your requests; (2) to provide you with targeted offers and advertising; (3) to contact you with information and promotional materials and offers; (4) to contact you when necessary; (5) to review site usage and operations; (6) to evaluate, develop, implement and review business strategies and opportunities; (7) to administer the buzz club and buzz club rewards programs; (8) to address problems with the site, our business or our products and services; (9) to protect the security or integrity of the site and our business; and (10) as otherwise described in the user communications section of the site's user agreement. if you would prefer to no longer receive commercial emails from us, you may follow the opt-out instructions contained in the email or by emailing us at talk2us@biglots.com. if you are a buzz club or buzz club rewards member, you may also go to www.biglots.com/unsubscribe/ to revise your marketing preferences. third parties' products, services and websites. the site may include third-party advertising and links to third-party websites. such third parties may have privacy policies and user agreements that differ from our own, and we are not responsible for their activities and practices. accordingly, we recommend that you review the privacy policy and user agreement posted on any site that you may access through the site. sharing information with strategic partners and affiliated parties. we may evaluate and/or enter into strategic business, marketing and web development alliances and during the evaluation process or alliance relationship a third party (including providers) may be given access to the information we have collected from and about you. they may use your information to send you marketing communications and for other purposes. do we disclose information to outside parties (not already discussed above)? we may also disclose information collected from and about you as follows: (1) to our providers, including payment processors, if the disclosure will enable them to perform a business, professional or technical support function for us; (2) as necessary, if we believe that there has been a violation of the site's user agreement or of our rights or the rights of any third party; (3) to respond to judicial process and provide information to law enforcement agencies or in connection with an investigation on matters related to public safety, as permitted by law, or otherwise as required by law; (4) if we believe in good faith that such disclosure is necessary to protect the rights, property or safety of big lots or any of our affiliates, service providers, customers or others; (5) to evaluate, develop, implement and review business strategies and opportunities; and (6) if big lots or substantially all of its assets are acquired, your personal information may be one of the transferred assets. in addition, we may provide aggregate, non-personally identifiable information to third parties for research and other purposes. are information transmissions secured? we use encryption technology on our join, login, and account management pages. how do we protect your information? our corporate values, ethical standards, policies and practices are committed to the protection of customer information. accordingly, we have taken certain physical, electronic, contractual and managerial steps to safeguard the personal information we collect from site visitors and buzz club and buzz club rewards members. how can you access, update or correct your information and preferences? to update or correct your personal information, email us at talk2us@biglots.com. you can also update your contact information or marketing preferences by visiting my account on the site. your california privacy rights. if you are a california resident, once a year, you may request certain information about our disclosure, during the preceding calendar year, of personal information to third parties for those parties' own direct marketing purposes. please send your request to: big lots attn: customer service 300 phillipi road columbus, oh 43228-5311 changes to this privacy policy. we may change this policy from time to time. when we do, we will post those changes on the site. if we change the policy in a material way, we will provide appropriate online notice to you. children. we do not direct the site to, nor do we knowingly collect any personal information from, children under the age of thirteen. contact us. if you have questions or concerns about this privacy policy, contact us at talk2us@biglots.com. effective date. this privacy policy is effective beginning on october 13, 2010. shopping at big lots as the nation's largest broadline closeout retailer, big lots has the power to negotiate the best deals in the business. we sell a broad range of high-quality, brand-name products, including consumables, seasonal items, furniture, housewares, toys, electronics, home decor, tools and gifts. big lots stores weekly ad store locator buzz club™ careers aisle by aisle tour user agreement privacy policy site map contact us buzz club rewards™ pre-register about rewards frequently asked questions membership agreement my account big lots corporate about our company careers news center recalls real estate investor relations community relations vendor relations ca transparency act big lots gear big lots wholesale about wholesale products specials showrooms trade shows ©2012 big lots stores, inc., or their affiliates. all rights reserved. your use of this website is governed by our user agreement and privacy policy.