来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20161231102042/http://www.biglots.com/page/returns-policy
================================================================================

our return policy | big lots skip to main content skip to department navigation store locator email sign up email sign up want more deals? sign up today and start saving! help deals christmas clearance!shop now code: treatyourselfview details save up to $200serta sleep event see all deals weekly ad buzz club rewards® my account create account hi, valued customer! my account my wish list my orders sign out shopping cart 0 shop departments weekly deals weekly deals christmas clearance save on select blankets & throws bogo 30% off select curtains save on select fireplaces best sellers deals under $100 deals under $50 deals under $25 deals under $10 big serta sleep event seasonal seasonal patio furniture indoor decor outdoor decor fairy garden outdoor dining outdoor lighting cold weather shop power cords for the home for the home bedding curtains, rods & hardware bathroom kitchen rugs home decor floor care small appliances home storage household essentials aprima collection view all categories furniture furniture furniture collections living room chairs & ottomans fireplaces bedroom mattresses kitchen & dining kids room futons tv stands accent furniture view all categories toys toys dolls pretend play cars, trucks & remote control activities & games action figures & playsets preschool toys shop by price shop by brand electronics & office electronics & office bluetooth charging speakers headphones phone & tablet accessories computer accessories tv accessories office small appliances power cords light bulbs outdoor outdoor outdoor decor outdoor lighting patio furniture grills & outdoor cooking gardening & lawn care tailgating camping food, household & pet food, household & pet beverages small appliances personal care & grooming paper towels & toilet paper laundry home storage light bulbs trash bags power cords pet supplies baby & toys new arrivals shop by space shop by space tree mantel dining room bedroom living room front porch all departments search menu search shopping cart store locator search home log in my account sign out weekly deals christmas clearance save on select blankets & throws bogo 30% off select curtains save on select fireplaces best sellers deals under $100 deals under $50 deals under $25 deals under $10 big serta sleep event seasonal patio furniture indoor decor outdoor decor fairy garden outdoor dining outdoor lighting cold weather shop power cords for the home bedding curtains, rods & hardware bathroom kitchen rugs home decor floor care small appliances home storage household essentials aprima collection living colors collection just home collection furniture furniture collections living room chairs & ottomans fireplaces bedroom mattresses kitchen & dining kids room futons tv stands accent furniture home office storage furniture patio furniture folding furniture toys dolls pretend play cars, trucks & remote control activities & games action figures & playsets preschool toys shop by price shop by brand electronics & office bluetooth charging speakers headphones phone & tablet accessories computer accessories tv accessories office small appliances power cords light bulbs outdoor outdoor decor outdoor lighting patio furniture grills & outdoor cooking gardening & lawn care tailgating camping food, household & pet beverages small appliances personal care & grooming paper towels & toilet paper laundry home storage light bulbs trash bags power cords pet supplies baby & toys new arrivals shop by space tree mantel dining room bedroom living room front porch deals buzz club rewards® email sign up want more deals? thank you! you are now subscribed to receive emails. corporate info help free shipping* on orders $75 or more. start saving now! details items purchased in a big lots store return instructions return rules & restrictions questions? items purchased on www.biglots.com return instructions return rules & restrictions damaged, defective or incorrect items questions? big lots return policy items purchased in a big lots store if you are not happy with an item you purchased in a big lots store, you may return most items to a store within 30 days of the date of purchase.  to ensure a refund or exchange, the returned item must be in its original packaging and condition and be accompanied by a receipt.  refunds will be issued in the same form of payment originally used for the purchase.  we reserve the right to research the original purchase and to provide, limit or decline a refund or exchange.  please see the return instructions and return rules & restrictions below for details and exceptions to the general return policy. return instructions please follow the instructions below. bring the item, along with the receipt, all packaging, paperwork, parts and accessories, to any big lots store. present the item to a store associate for assistance. to ensure refund or exchange, the item must be in its original packaging and condition. return rules & restrictions general: please note that we may decline your return and deny you a refund or exchange for the reasons listed below.  this list is not exhaustive, and we reserve the right to decline your return and deny you a refund or exchange for reasons not listed here. your return was outside of the return period the item appears worn, used, damaged or opened you did not include the item’s original packaging and all paperwork, parts and accessories your return was not accompanied by a receipt the item is not a big lots item electronics or tablets appear opened the value of coupons used is non-refundable. if you buy an item in one location and return it in another, the sales tax refund may vary. if the item you return was a gift, the refund will be issued in the form of a merchandise credit (gift card) valid for in-store use only. after the return period, all items covered by a manufacturer’s warranty (i.e., electronics) should be returned according to the warranty terms. items purchased in a big lots store may not be returned by mail or via biglots.com. if you request an exchange, the exchange will be made only if an item identical to the item you originally purchased is available and at the lower of the original cost or the cost at the time of the exchange. tablets and electronics must be returned unopened. progressive easy leasing: items acquired at big lots through lease-to-own transactions are not eligible for return or refund under big lots’ normal return policy. the return date printed on the receipt does not apply. for the return or refund of items acquired through lease-to-own transactions, please see your leasing agreement or contact progressive finance at 877-898-1970 to determine if the product is eligible for return or refund and, if appropriate, to begin the return or refund process. price adjustments: please refer to our price promise for information regarding price adjustments. questions? if you have questions regarding this return policy, please review our frequently asked questions (faq) or contact our customer care support center at 1-866-big-lots (244-5687). when contacting our customer care support center, please be prepared to provide your email address or rewards number so that we may better assist you. items purchased on biglots.com if you are not happy with an item you purchased on biglots.com, you may return most items either to a store or by mail on or before the return by date listed on your packing slip. to ensure a refund or exchange, the returned item must be in its original packaging and condition; items returned by mail must be accompanied by the packing slip; and items returned in store must be accompanied by the packing slip or the order confirmation email showing the order number. refunds will be issued in the same form of payment originally used for the purchase.  shipping and handling fees may not be refundable. we reserve the right to research the original purchase and to provide, limit or decline a refund. please see the return instructions and return rules and restrictions below for details and exceptions to the general return policy. return instructions return by mail: if you are returning an item by mail, please follow the instructions below. view your order history by logging on to your account or entering your email address and order number. click on the order number for the item you want to return. your order number is on the reverse side of the packing slip and on your order confirmation email. from your order details page, click “return item”, select the items you would like to return, and complete the return slip. your return documents will be generated.  we will also provide instructions for sending back your package. pack the item securely and include: original packing slip all packaging, paperwork, parts and accessories completed return slip follow the instructions provided for sending back your package. keep a copy of the packing slip for your records. you may also obtain return documents and instructions by contacting our customer care support center at 1-866-big-lots (244-5687). return in store: if you are returning an item to a big lots store, please follow the instructions below. bring the item, along with all packaging, paperwork, parts and accessories, to any big lots store. present the item and the original packing slip or order confirmation email showing the order number to a store associate for assistance. to ensure a refund or exchange, the item must be in its original packaging and condition. return rules & restrictions please note that we may decline your return and deny you a refund or exchange for the reasons listed below. this list is not exhaustive, and we reserve the right to decline your return and deny you a refund or exchange for reasons not listed here. your return was outside of the return period the item appears worn, used, damaged or opened you did not include the item’s original packaging and all paperwork, parts and accessories for returns by mail, you did not include the original packing slip for returns in store, your return was not accompanied by the original packing slip or order confirmation email showing the order number we were not able to locate the order number or other information necessary to process your return the item is not a biglots.com item electronics or tablets appear opened shipping and handling costs, giftwrap costs, and other similar charges are non-refundable, except as described in the damaged, defective or incorrect items section below. you are responsible for return shipping and handling costs, except as described in the damaged, defective or incorrect items section below. the value of coupons used to purchase an item is non-refundable. if you buy an item in one location and return it in another, the sales tax refund may vary. if an item you return to a big lots store was a gift, the refund will be issued in the form of a merchandise credit (gift card) valid for in-store use only. if an item you return to big lots by mail was a gift, a refund will be issued to the original source of payment (i.e., the credit card used by the gift giver to purchase the gift on www.biglots.com). if you do not have your original packing slip and you are returning in store, please be prepared to supply your original order number or rewards number to a store associate so that he or she may better assist you. after the return period, all items covered by a manufacturer’s warranty (i.e., electronics) should be returned according to the warranty terms. items purchased in a big lots store may not be returned by mail or via biglots.com.  please return items you purchased in a big lots store to a big lots store according to the return policy for items purchased in a big lots store requests for exchanges must be made in a big lots store. we will not process exchanges by mail. if you request an exchange in store, the exchange will be made only if an item identical to the item you originally purchased is available and at the lower of the original cost or the cost at the time of the exchange. tablets and electronics must be returned unopened. damaged, defective or incorrect items if you receive a damaged or defective item or an item different than what you ordered, that item should be returned and will be refunded or exchanged according to this return policy. your shipping charges will be refunded. if you return a damaged, defective or incorrect item by mail according to this return policy, we will cover the cost of return shipping. your return documents should contain a pre-paid return shipping label. please contact our customer care support center at 1-866-big-lots (244-5687) if: the damaged, defective or incorrect item you are returning by mail is more than 70lbs. the item you are returning by mail is damaged, defective or incorrect and you do not receive a pre-paid return shipping label. you are otherwise unable to use your pre-paid return shipping label. questions? if you have questions regarding this return policy, please review our frequently asked questions (faq) or contact our customer care support center at 1-866-big-lots (244-5687).  when contacting our customer care support center, please be prepared to provide your email address, order number, or rewards number so that we may better assist you. want more deals? follow usfacebooktwitteryoutubepinterestinstagram shop departments buzz club credit card easy leasing my account sign in create account order status my wish lists membership agreement my account my account order status my wish lists customer care contact us faqs give us your feedback return policy ca transparency act big lots corporate for careers, investor relations and other big lots information, visit our corporate information site. careers investors community ©2016 big lots stores, inc., or their affiliates. all rights reserved. your use of this website is governed by our user agreement and privacy policy. top