来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20201231075020/https://www.biglots.com/help-faq/_/N-4005127926
================================================================================

big lots help | big lots skip to main content skip to department navigation menu search cancel shopping cart 0 hello log in account create account big rewards email sign up want more deals? email address thank you! you are now subscribed to receive emails. hello,  ! sign out your account your settings your past orders your big rewards wish list weekly deals big buys clearance big value easter valentine's day broyhill patio & garden patio furniture gazebos & patio umbrellas shop our collections patio cushions & pillows outdoor rugs fire pits & outdoor fireplaces outdoor lighting outdoor decor outdoor gear & sports gardening & lawn care grills & outdoor cooking pools & accessories tailgating furniture broyhill furniture living room furniture bedroom furniture kitchen & dining furniture fireplaces accent furniture storage furniture home office furniture entryway furniture furniture collections tv stands & media consoles kids' furniture small spaces furniture futons folding furniture lamps mattresses shop by size shop by mattress type shop all mattress in a box mattress & box spring sets mattress in a box mattress toppers mattress pads & covers sealy shop serta shop beds home decor broyhill accessories throw pillows curtains & window treatments rugs wall decor candles & scents home accents slipcovers clocks mirrors picture frames farmhouse decor kids' decor new arrivals artificial flowers & plants home decor best sellers monogram decor home storage baskets & bins cube storage carts & drawers laundry room organization closet organization plastic storage wall storage kitchen storage bathroom storage kid's storage storage furniture garage storage kitchen & dining dinnerware cookware drinkware bakeware flatware kitchen utensils kitchen gadgets food prep small appliances food storage kitchen linens kitchen mats serveware bed & bath all bedding all bath broyhill bed & bath bedding sets & comforters sheets pillow cases mattress toppers mattress pads & covers bed pillows blankets & throws kids' bedding bath towels bath rugs shower curtains shower rods & hooks bath accessories bathroom storage home spa toys shop by category shop by brand shop by age shop by character top picks grocery easy meals & side dishes coffee beverages snacks, chips & nuts cookies chocolate & candy healthy foods & snacks for less canned goods soups condiments baking international food breakfast & cereal pasta & grains 10 for $10 grocery deals fresh finds household essentials toilet paper cleaning supplies napkins & paper towels facial tissues laundry care vacuums & floor care small appliances food storage disposable tableware power cords lighting batteries slipcovers painting supplies 10 for $10 household essentials cabinet & drawer knobs clothing, footwear & accessories womens clothing, footwear & accessories mens clothing, footwear & accessories kids clothing, footwear & accessories pet supplies ed by ellen degeneres dog food & treats dog toys cat food & treats cat toys cat litter & litter boxes pet beds & carriers pet apparel pet grooming pet training supplies food bowls bird feeders bird seed bird houses personal care bath & body hair care skin care oral care hand soaps & sanitizers cosmetics shaving feminine care health & wellness shop all health shop all wellness pain & fever cough, cold & flu digestive health allergy sleep aids first aid & topical treatments vitamins, supplements & nutrition oral care eye care & foot treatments face masks nutrition & weight loss kids dream street kids' furniture kids' bedding kids' decor playroom essentials kids' storage kids' bath electronics gaming headphones bluetooth charging speakers kids' electronics phone & tablet accessories cameras & computer accessories home theater power cords holidays & celebrations valentine's day st. patrick's day easter gift shop party supplies featured holidays & celebrations the lot new arrivals broyhill cold weather shop unique fun finds home inspiration brand shop top rated weekly ad deals store finder help corporate info store finder email sign up email sign up sign up today and start saving! enter email help shop departments weekly deals back weekly deals big buys clearance big value easter valentine's day broyhill patio & garden back patio & garden patio furniture gazebos & patio umbrellas shop our collections patio cushions & pillows outdoor rugs fire pits & outdoor fireplaces outdoor lighting outdoor decor outdoor gear & sports gardening & lawn care grills & outdoor cooking pools & accessories tailgating furniture back furniture broyhill furniture living room furniture bedroom furniture kitchen & dining furniture fireplaces accent furniture storage furniture home office furniture entryway furniture furniture collections tv stands & media consoles kids' furniture small spaces furniture futons folding furniture lamps mattresses back mattresses shop by size shop by mattress type shop all mattress in a box mattress & box spring sets mattress in a box mattress toppers mattress pads & covers sealy shop serta shop beds home decor back home decor broyhill accessories throw pillows curtains & window treatments rugs wall decor candles & scents home accents slipcovers clocks mirrors picture frames farmhouse decor kids' decor new arrivals artificial flowers & plants home decor best sellers monogram decor home storage back home storage baskets & bins cube storage carts & drawers laundry room organization closet organization plastic storage wall storage kitchen storage bathroom storage kid's storage storage furniture garage storage kitchen & dining back kitchen & dining dinnerware cookware drinkware bakeware flatware kitchen utensils kitchen gadgets food prep small appliances food storage kitchen linens kitchen mats serveware bed & bath back bed & bath all bedding all bath broyhill bed & bath bedding sets & comforters sheets pillow cases mattress toppers mattress pads & covers bed pillows blankets & throws kids' bedding bath towels bath rugs shower curtains shower rods & hooks bath accessories bathroom storage home spa toys back toys shop by category shop by brand shop by age shop by character top picks grocery back grocery easy meals & side dishes coffee beverages snacks, chips & nuts cookies chocolate & candy healthy foods & snacks for less canned goods soups condiments baking international food breakfast & cereal pasta & grains 10 for $10 grocery deals fresh finds household essentials back household essentials toilet paper cleaning supplies napkins & paper towels facial tissues laundry care vacuums & floor care small appliances food storage disposable tableware power cords lighting batteries slipcovers painting supplies 10 for $10 household essentials cabinet & drawer knobs clothing, footwear & accessories back clothing, footwear & accessories womens clothing, footwear & accessories mens clothing, footwear & accessories kids clothing, footwear & accessories pet supplies back pet supplies ed by ellen degeneres dog food & treats dog toys cat food & treats cat toys cat litter & litter boxes pet beds & carriers pet apparel pet grooming pet training supplies food bowls bird feeders bird seed bird houses personal care back personal care bath & body hair care skin care oral care hand soaps & sanitizers cosmetics shaving feminine care health & wellness back health & wellness shop all health shop all wellness pain & fever cough, cold & flu digestive health allergy sleep aids first aid & topical treatments vitamins, supplements & nutrition oral care eye care & foot treatments face masks nutrition & weight loss kids back kids dream street kids' furniture kids' bedding kids' decor playroom essentials kids' storage kids' bath electronics back electronics gaming headphones bluetooth charging speakers kids' electronics phone & tablet accessories cameras & computer accessories home theater power cords holidays & celebrations back holidays & celebrations valentine's day st. patrick's day easter gift shop party supplies featured back featured holidays & celebrations the lot new arrivals broyhill cold weather shop unique fun finds home inspiration brand shop top rated search hello, sign in my account my account create account hello,  ! my account my account my wish list my orders sign out shopping cart 0 shop departments all departments deals shop now shop now shop now see all deals weekly ad big rewards® free standard delivery* over $59! details + free pick up in store learn more home big lots help faqs faqs what would you like to do? manage my account track an order return an item topics faq topics view all my account big rewards general shipping & delivery orders returns security transactions same day and scheduled pick up buy online pick up in store curbside orders still need help? contact us or call:1 (866) 244-5687 need help? chat with us now. chat with us for website issues, orders and returns. for big rewards or store issues, please contact us chat now view all 1 - 50 of 164 next what is the big lots rewards program? it's a new program where you get more rewards, more often! click here to learn more. how do i join? to receive a big lots rewards card, sign up online, or visit any participating big lots retail store to sign up and get your rewards card. all you need is a valid email address to sign up. to locate a big lots store near you, visit our store locator page. for additional details about the big lots rewards program, click here. to visit our membership agreement page click here. when you join our big rewards program you will also receive a special "welcome" offer email within 48 hours of signing up. is membership in the program free? yes, the big lots rewards membership is absolutely free. do i get anything special when i sign up? when you join our rewards program, you will receive a special "welcome" offer email within 48 hours of signing up. if you signed up in store, you will receive an email confirming that you are a new big rewards member with a link to create your password and access your new account online. how can i earn a $5 reward? just make 3 qualifying purchases and you've earned your first reward! you can shop in store or online too. some restrictions apply. click here for more information. what is a furniture bonus reward and how do i earn one? in addition to the $5 reward, you can now earn a $10 bonus reward for every $200 you spend on qualifying furniture purchases. some restrictions apply. click here for more information. what is a birthday surprise and how can i earn one? the birthday surprise is truly a surprise! you won't know what the offer is until you sign up. just provide your birth month in your rewards account. birthday offers are emailed at the beginning of each month and are valid through the end of the month. click here for more details. how can i learn more about big rewards and sign up? big rewards is a free rewards program that is unique to big lots. want more information? click here to learn more about the program and sign up! can i earn big lots rewards with store and online purchases, as well as regular, sale and clearance price purchases? yes, you earn rewards coupons on all purchases (with few exceptions). offers are earned only when you show your card at checkout in stores or are logged into your account online. if you don't have your card, a store associate (in most stores) can look up your account by using your email address. can i redeem big lots rewards with store and online purchases, as well as regular, sale and clearance price purchases? yes, you can redeem rewards coupons on most purchases inclusive of in-store, online, regular, sale and clearance items. some exclusions apply such as tax exempt and easy leasing purchases. rewards can be used on price holds, but only if your card is used for the creation of the price hold. does my redeeming a reward count as a purchase towards the next reward? yes! redeeming a reward on a qualifying purchase does count, and you're now only 2 transactions away from your next reward! can i choose the type of promotional emails that i receive? yes. you can edit the email subscriptions you receive by logging into your account. email subscription options include: advance notice of weekly ads, exclusive deals, and big rewards notifications. what is a digital rewards card? a digital rewards card is a digital version of the rewards card. digital rewards cardholders enjoy the same benefits, without the need for a physical card. a digital image of your rewards card number is available in your online account under rewards card information. you can display your card on a smartphone, or print your card from your account page. present the image of your rewards card at time of purchase to receive credit for your qualifying purchase. if at anytime you would like to switch from a physical rewards card to a digital rewards card, use the same email address and personal information, and the rewards that you've earned will transfer to your new card. simply visit the my account page, and choose the 'create digital card' option. i received a rewards coupon through email, but i can't read the code. what should i do? to view your current offers and promotions, visit the my offers page. these offers can be viewed from your mobile phone or can be printed from a computer. if you are unable to scan the coupon bar code while visiting a store, a cashier can key the bar code number to apply the discount. does a return count as a qualifying purchase? no, it does not. if a partial return, i.e. where additional merchandise is purchased within the same transaction and the total transaction is greater than $0, then it could apply. how does the 30 day receipt look-up benefit work? as an added benefit to big rewards members, a store associate can access your receipt up to 30 days after your in-store purchase. please note that this feature is not available in all stores. can i view transaction history in my rewards account? as an added benefit to big rewards members, you can easily access your transaction history within your account. transactions can show up in your purchase history in a few ways: you can present your rewards card during your in-store purchase. you can order online and view your profile (which includes your big rewards). you can manually add a transaction to your account by keying in a few details from your receipt. what if i don't have my card when i make a purchase in a big lots store? a store associate can look up your rewards card at the register using your email address, first and last name or a combination of these. if you have a digital card, you can present it at check out on your smartphone. for online purchases, just make sure you are logged into your big lots account when purchasing and we'll automatically link the transaction to your account. please verify that your online profile includes your rewards number, learn how here. in our california stores, store associates cannot lookup rewards information at the register. if you make a purchase without using your rewards number, don't worry, you can add it manually to your account, learn how here. how do i add my rewards number to my online profile? to add your new rewards card number to your online account, first you will need to log-in to your profile. once you are logged in, visit the update big rewards card page. enter your new number in the 'update big rewards card' box. click 'save card number' and you are all set! your new rewards card has been added to your profile. can i share or use my rewards more than once? you cannot share your rewards, as they can only be redeemed using your rewards card or log-in credentials in your online account. also, each reward can only be used once. what if i lost my card? simply log in to your account and follow the instructions to replace or add a card. you can choose to create a digital rewards card, or sync your account with a physical card. if you want to keep a physical card, visit any big lots store for a replacement. you can link the new card by signing into your account online, or by visiting any participating big lots retail store. once your new big rewards card is activated, all previous cards will be deactivated. how do i opt out of big lots emails? to opt out of big lots emails, simply click here to log-in and access your account email preferences. select all that apply and click on save preferences. to unsubscribe from all emails click here. i can't remember my password, what do i do? forgot your password? no worries! simply attempt to log in to your rewards account using your email address and then click the 'forgot password' link to create a new one. if i unsubscribe from receiving all emails, will i still receive special offers? if you unsubscribe from all emails, you will no longer receive any promotional emails from big lots, including rewards coupons and any special offers. please note that we may still contact you even if you have opted out of receiving marketing communications for transactional purposes, such as recall notices, customer service, questions related to your order, and order and shipping confirmations. your opt-out is limited to the email address used and will not affect subsequent subscriptions. who is big lots? big lots is a unique, non-traditional, discount retailer operating more than 1,400 stores in 47 states. we carry an assortment of products in categories such as food, consumables, furniture & home décor, seasonal, soft home, hard home, and electronics, and accessories. we are committed to providing amazing values every day. big lots is a publicly traded company listed on the new york stock exchange (nyse: big) with annual revenues exceeding $5 billion. what are your store hours? most stores are open 9 a.m. - 9 p.m. monday through saturday and 10 a.m. - 9 p.m. on sunday. we occasionally change our store hours, please click here to view your local store hours and temporary holiday hours. how can i find a store near me? to find a store in your area, click here to visit our store locator page. simply enter your zip code or city and state to find the big lots closest to you. why are some prices online different than in stores? pricing, promotions, styles and availability may vary by store and online. for example, big lots may offer special promotional pricing that is for online purchases only. to see if varied prices qualify for a price match, click here. does big lots accept coupons? big lots does not accept manufacturer coupons or discounts unless they have been approved by our big lots corporate office for in-store and online purchases. does biglots.com have the same items as stores? most of the products available for purchase on biglots.com are also available in stores. to find out if a product you're looking for is available at a store near you, enter your zip code on the product page. please note: products in the store may differ from products online, depending on area of country and time of year. our stores also carry items that may not be available online, and we may also offer items that are exclusively online. how do i submit a request for a donation or sponsorship from big lots? to learn more about our giving focus and to see if your organization is eligible to apply for a gift, click here. what is the easy leasing program? big lots offers an easy leasing program as an alternate way to purchase furniture, select seasonal, and select home items. we have a lease-to-own option that is offered in big lots stores (some state and location limitations apply). there is a $150 minimum purchase requirement to participate in the leasing program. please visit our store locator and enter your zip code to find a store near you that offers easy leasing. please note big lots does use a third party provider to manage our leasing program. for additional information click here or you can contact progressive leasing directly at 877-898-1970. who do i contact about my online shopping experience? to send big lots an email about a recent online shopping experience, click here. who do i contact about my in-store shopping experience? to send big lots an email about a recent in-store shopping experience, click here. do you allow pets in your store? big lots welcomes service animals in our stores in accordance with the americans with disabilities act (ada). we do not require proof of pet training or special jackets. i have questions about my product (i.e. where is it made, who makes it, etc.)? for information on product details and descriptions, please check out our website. if you need additional information about a product that is not shown on the website you can contact our customer care team. click here to visit our contact us page. what is the price hold program? price hold is a program that allows our shoppers to hold the current price of an item when an item is out of stock, or you cannot pay for that item in full. we will hold that price until the item is either re-stocked and delivered to the store, or you have paid the proper amount in order to purchase it. once you are within two weeks of paying off the price hold, we will have you contact the store to verify that the merchandise will be available when you plan to pick it up. please note that the price hold program is only available in our stores that carry furniture. to find a store near you that sells furniture items, visit our store locator and enter your zip code. how do i add items to my cart? to add items to your cart, simply browse any of our products online. once you find a product or products that you love, select the quantity you would like to buy, click on the "add to cart" button and you’re all set! how do i use my cart? to view your cart, click on the shopping cart icon located in the upper right-hand corner of your screen. all of the items you have added to your cart will appear on this page. once you have finished your online shopping, you can checkout right from your shopping cart. how do i check out? to checkout, simply click on the "checkout now" button in the upper right-hand corner or the lower right-hand corner of your shopping cart. from there you will arrive in the checkout process where you will select your preferred shipping method, be asked for your address, and your form of payment. can i place an order using my phone? yes! our mobile site provides a fast and convenient way to view products online, add items to your cart, and make purchases. our mobile site can be viewed on any smart phone. how can i find out if a product is available in-store or online?​ to determine if a product is in-stock and available for purchase online or in-store, simply search for that product on biglots.com. from here you will be taken to the product page which will give you more details. if the item is available for purchase on the site, you will have the option to "add to cart". if the item is available in-store, you can enter your zip code in the "find at your local store" section. this will give you a listing of stores near you that may have the product in stock. do you offer rain checks on products that are out of stock? at this time, big lots does not offer rain checks for merchandise that is out of stock both online and in-store. does big lots offer back-in-stock notifications? unfortunately, we are unable to offer back-in-stock notifications. use the store locator with your zip code to find a store near you that may have your product available. what are big lots' social media guidelines? for the full big lots social media guidelines, click here. i can't remember how to log in to my account. what should i do? if you are having difficulty remembering where to go to access your online account, simply click here. you will then be prompted to enter your email address and your password. how do i reset my user name or password? for help with resetting your username and password click here to be directed to our password help page. you will then be prompted to enter your email address, and we’ll send you a link to reset your password. how do i create an account online? creating an online account is quick, easy and it's free! simply click here and enter your name, email address and a password and you're ready to go. can i create a biglots.com account before i place an order? yes, simply click here to create an online account and then proceed to place your order. how can i manage my email subscriptions? to manage your email subscriptions, click here. you will then be prompted to log-in and from here you will have access to your account email preferences. select all of the options that apply and click on ‘save preferences’. view all 1 - 50 of 164 next still need help? contact us or call:1 (866) 244-5687 or call:1 (866) 244-5687 need help? chat with us now. chat with us for website issues, orders and returns. for big rewards or store issues, please contact us chat now no ccpa targeter want more deals? follow usfacebooktwitteryoutubepinterestinstagram shop departments big rewards credit card easy leasing gift cards my account sign in create account order status my wish lists membership agreement my account my account order status my wish lists customer care contact us faqs return policy ca transparency act california customers only: do not sell my info big lots corporate for careers, investor relations and other big lots information, visit our corporate information site. careers investors community ©2021 big lots stores, inc., or their affiliates. all rights reserved. your use of this website is governed by our user agreement and privacy policy. top