来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20221231163923/https://www.biglots.com/page/privacy-policy
================================================================================

privacy policy | big lots skip to main content skip to department navigation 50% off all christmas shop 25% off clothing sale  shop free shipping at $59  shop more deals deals you'll love! shop all shop mattresses shop christmas shop home decor join now big rewards weekly ad store finder treasures inspiration menu weekly deals 3 my account shopping cart 0 shopping cart 0 personal information collection of personal information use of personal information disclosure of personal information other uses and disclosures other information collection of other information uses and disclosures of other information security choices and access third party services third party advertising use of services by minors sensitive information volunteer opportunities and donation requests updates to this privacy policy contacting us additional information for nevada residents additional information for california residents big lots privacy policy last updated: june 26, 2022. big lots ecommerce llc and its affiliates (“big lots” or “we”) want you to be familiar with how we collect, use and disclose information. this privacy policy describes our practices in connection with information that we collect through our websites and any other online service location that posts a link to this privacy policy (collectively, the “services”). it does not apply to our data collection activities offline or otherwise outside of our services (unless otherwise stated below or at the time of collection). a clickable table of contents is located on the left side of this page. click on the links to navigate to the full section. you can click on "top" at the bottom right of this page to be brought back to the table of contents. personal information “personal information” is information that identifies you as an individual or relates to an identifiable individual. the services collect personal information, including: name postal address (including billing and shipping addresses) telephone (or mobile) number email address payment information volunteer and donation request information work experience, educational background, and employment opportunities sought, when you apply for a position social media account id collection of personal information we and our service providers collect personal information in a variety of ways, including through the services, for example, when you: subscribe to receive our emails; register an account to access the services, create a profile, or check-out through the services; contact our customer care team or otherwise contact us with questions or comments; post on our message boards or post a product review; apply for or begin applying for a job through the services; participate in big rewards or other rewards program or online promotion; enter our contests or sweepstakes; respond to a survey; request a donation through the services; track volunteer work or submit volunteer hours; or otherwise submit information to us through the services. if you connect your social media account to your services account, you will share certain personal information from your social media account with us, for example, your name, email address, photo, list of social media contacts, and any other information that may be or you make accessible to us when you connect your social media account to your services account. we need to collect personal information in order to provide the requested services to you.  if you do not provide the information requested, we may not be able to provide the services. if you disclose any personal information relating to other people to us or to our service providers in connection with the services, you represent that you have the authority to do so and to permit us to use the information in accordance with this privacy policy. use of personal information we and our service providers use personal information for purposes such as: providing the functionality of the services and fulfilling your requests. to provide the services’ functionality to you, such as arranging access to your registered account, processing returns, exchanges and price hold requests, and providing you with related customer service. to respond to your inquiries and fulfill your requests, such as tracking and confirming online orders. to complete your transactions, verify your information, and provide you with related customer service. to send administrative information to you, such as changes to our terms, conditions, and policies. to allow you to send messages to another person through the services if you choose to do so. providing you with our newsletter and/or other marketing materials and facilitating social sharing. to send you marketing related emails, with information about our services, new products and other news about our company. to facilitate social sharing functionality that you choose to use. to administer and communicate with you about our big rewards program. analyzing personal information for business reporting and providing personalized services. to analyze or predict our users’ preferences in order to prepare aggregated trend reports on how our digital content is used, so we can improve our services. to better understand your interests and preferences so that we can personalize our interactions with you and provide you with information and/or offers tailored to your interests. to better understand your preferences so that we can deliver content via our services that we believe will be relevant and interesting to you. allowing you to participate in sweepstakes, contests or other promotions. we may offer you the opportunity to participate in a sweepstakes, contest or other promotion. some of these promotions have additional rules containing information about how we will use and disclose your personal information.  please read those additional rules before choosing to participate. facilitating employment applications, volunteer opportunities and donation requests. to administer, evaluate and process your employment applications. to facilitate volunteer opportunities that you request. to evaluate and process your donation requests. aggregating and/or anonymizing personal information. we may aggregate and/or anonymize personal information so that it will no longer be considered personal information. we do so to generate other data for our use, which we may use and disclose for any purpose, as it no longer identifies you or any other individual. accomplishing our business purposes. data analysis, for example, to improve the efficiency of our services. audits to verify that our internal processes function as intended and to address legal, regulatory, or contractual requirements. fraud and security monitoring purposes, for example, to detect and prevent cyberattacks or attempts to commit identity theft. developing new products and services. enhancing, improving, repairing, maintaining, or modifying our current products and services, as well as undertaking quality and safety assurance measures. determining the effectiveness of our promotional campaigns, so that we can adapt our campaigns to the needs and interests of our users. in the online context, this can include recognizing our users across the different devices they use for purposes of ad measurement. operating and expanding our business activities, for example, understanding which parts of our services are of most interest to our users so we can focus our energies on meeting our users’ interests. disclosure of personal information we disclose personal information: to our affiliates for the purposes described in this privacy policy. to our third party service providers, to facilitate services they provide to us. these can include providers of services such as website hosting, data analysis, payment processing, order fulfillment, information technology and related infrastructure provision, customer service, email and other communication delivery, marketing and advertising, including ad measurement, auditing, and other services. to third parties that you may be interested in hearing from or about. to third party sponsors of sweepstakes, contests, and similar promotions. by using the services, you may elect to disclose personal information. on message boards, chat, profile pages, blogs, and other services to which you are able to post information and content (including, without limitation, our social media pages).  please note that any information you post or disclose through these services will become public and may be available to other users and the general public. through your social sharing activity.  when you connect your services account to your social media account, you will share information with your friends associated with your social media account, with other users, and with your social media account provider. by doing so, you authorize us to facilitate this sharing of information, and you understand that the use of shared information will be governed by the social media provider’s privacy policy. you personal information may also be collected and processed by third parties, such as the payment providers you select, who will process your information independently in accordance with their own privacy notices. other uses and disclosures we also use and disclose your personal information as necessary or appropriate, in particular when we have a legal obligation or legitimate interest to do so: to comply with applicable law and regulations. to cooperate with public and government authorities. to respond to a request or to provide information we believe is necessary or appropriate. to cooperate with law enforcement. for example, when we respond to law enforcement requests and orders or provide information we believe is important. for other legal reasons. to enforce our terms and conditions. to protect our rights, privacy, safety or property, and/or that of our affiliates, you or others. in connection with a sale or business transaction. we have a legitimate interest in disclosing or transferring your personal information to a third party in the event of any reorganization, merger, sale, joint venture, assignment, transfer, or other disposition of all or any portion of our business, assets, or stock (including in connection with any bankruptcy or similar proceedings). in conjunction with laws and regulations enforced by the equal employment opportunity commission (“eeoc”), the office of federal contract compliance programs (“ofccp”) and similar state and local regulatory agencies, we may ask you to provide us with self-identifying information (such as veteran status, gender and ethnicity).  providing such self-identifying information is voluntary, but if you do provide us with such information, we may submit that information to the eeoc, the ofccp, and similar state and local regulatory agencies, or otherwise use or disclose it for business-related purposes, including responding to information requests, fulfilling regulatory reporting requirements, and defending against employment related complaints. other information “other information” is any information that does not reveal your specific identity or does not directly relate to an identifiable individual. the services collect other information such as: browser and device information information collected through cookies, pixel tags and other technologies demographic information and other information provided by you that does not reveal your specific identity information that has been aggregated in a manner such that it no longer reveals your specific identity collection of other information we and our service providers may collect other information in a variety of ways, including: your browser or device. certain information is collected by most browsers or automatically through your device, such as your media access control (mac) address, computer type (windows or mac), screen resolution, operating system name and version, device manufacturer and model, language, internet browser type and version and the name and version of the services you are using.  we use this information to ensure that the services function properly. cookies. cookies are pieces of information stored directly on the computer that you are using.  cookies allow us to collect information such as browser type, time spent on the services, pages visited, cart details, purchases, and other traffic data.  we and our service providers use the information for security purposes, to facilitate navigation, to display information more effectively, and to personalize your experience.  we also gather statistical information about use of the services in order to continually improve their design and functionality, understand how they are used, and assist us with resolving questions regarding them.  cookies further allow us to select which of our advertisements or offers are most likely to appeal to you and display them while you are on the services.  we may also use cookies or other technologies in online advertising to track responses to our ads.    we do not currently respond to browser do-not-track signals.  if you do not want information collected through the use of cookies, you can click on the “cookie preferences” link in our website footer and set your cookie choices.  in addition, most browsers allow you to automatically decline cookies or be given the choice of declining or accepting a particular cookie (or cookies) from a particular website.  you may also wish to refer to http://www.allaboutcookies.org/manage-cookies/index.html. if you do not accept cookies, you may experience some inconvenience in your use of the services.  you also may not receive advertising or other offers from us that are relevant to your interests and needs. pixel tags and other similar technologies. pixel tags. pixel tags (also known as web beacons and clear gifs) may be used to, among other things, track the actions of users of the services (including email recipients), measure the success of our marketing campaigns, and compile statistics about usage of the services and response rates. we use these and similar technologies to recognize you across your different devices for ad measurement purposes. analytics. we use google analytics, which uses cookies and similar technologies to collect and analyze information about use of the services and report on activities and trends.  this service may also collect information regarding the use of other websites, apps and online resources.  you can learn about google’s practices by going to www.google.com/policies/privacy/‌partners/, and exercise the opt-out provided by google by downloading the google analytics opt-out browser add-on, available at https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout. physical location. we may collect the physical location of your device by, for example, using satellite, cell phone tower or wifi signals.  we may use your device’s physical location to provide you with personalized location-based services and content.  we may also share your device’s physical location, combined with information about what advertisements you viewed and other information we collect, with our marketing partners to enable them to provide you with more personalized content and to study the effectiveness of advertising campaigns.  in some instances, you may be permitted to allow or deny such uses and/or sharing of your device’s location, but if you do, we and/or our marketing partners may not be able to provide you with the applicable personalized services and content. uses and disclosures of other information we may use and disclose other information for any purpose, except where we are required to do otherwise under applicable law.  if we are required to treat other information as personal information under applicable law, we may use and disclose it for the purposes for which we use and disclose personal information as detailed in this policy.  in some instances, we may combine other information with personal information.  if we do, we will treat the combined information as personal information as long as it is combined. security we seek to use reasonable organizational, technical and administrative measures to protect personal information within our organization.  unfortunately, no data transmission or storage system can be guaranteed to be 100% secure.  if you have reason to believe that your interaction with us is no longer secure, please immediately notify us in accordance with the “contacting us” section below. choices and access your choices regarding our use and disclosure of your personal information we give you choices regarding our use and disclosure of your personal information for marketing purposes.  you may opt out from: receiving promotional emails from us.  if you no longer want to receive promotional emails from us on a going-forward basis, you may opt out by following the instructions provided in those communications or unsubscribing.  you may also modify your promotional email communication preferences by logging on to your account. corporate email alerts.   if you no longer want to receive corporate email alerts from us on a going-forward basis, you may opt out by following the instructions provided in those email alerts. job notification emails.  if you no longer want to receive job notification emails from us on a going-forward basis, you may opt out by logging on to your career site account (if you have problems logging on, please contact us at careers@biglots.com). we will try to comply with your request(s) as soon as reasonably practicable.  please note that if you opt out of receiving marketing related emails from us, we may still send you important administrative messages, from which you cannot opt out. accessing and updating your personal information you are responsible for maintaining the accuracy of the information you submit to us.  you may access and update personal information you have submitted to us via the services: on the career site by logging on to your account (if you have problems logging on, please contact us at careers@biglots.com); on the big lots foundation site by logging on to your account if you have created an account or by contacting us at biglotscustomercare@biglots.com; and on all other parts of the services by logging on to your account if you have created an account or by contacting customer care or calling 1-866-biglots (244-5687). you may deactivate your account on all parts of the services except the career site by contacting customer care or calling 1-866-biglots (244-5687). you may withdraw an employment application made through the career site by logging on to your account (if you have problems logging on, please contact us at careers@biglots.com) we will try to comply with your request(s) as soon as reasonably practicable.  please note that we may need to retain certain information for recordkeeping purposes and/or to complete any transactions that you began prior to requesting a change or deletion (e.g., when you make a purchase or enter a promotion, you may not be able to change or delete the personal information provided until after the completion of such purchase or promotion). if you are a california resident, please refer to the “additional information for california residents” section at the end of this policy for more information about the requests you may make under the ccpa. third party services this privacy policy does not address, and we are not responsible for, the privacy, information, or other practices of any third parties, including any third party operating any website or service to which the services link.  the inclusion of a link on the services does not imply endorsement of the linked site or service by us or by our affiliates. in addition, we are not responsible for the information collection, use, disclosure, or security policies or practices of other organizations, such as facebook, apple, google, microsoft, rim, or any other social media platform provider, operating system provider, wireless service provider, or device manufacturer, including with respect to any personal information you disclose to other organizations through or in connection with the services. third party advertising we use third-party advertising companies to serve advertisements regarding goods and services that may be of interest to you when you access and use the services and other websites or online services. you may receive advertisements based on information relating to your access to and use of the services and other websites or online services on any of your devices, as well as on information received from third parties.  these companies place or recognize a unique cookie on your browser (including through the use of pixel tags).  they also use these technologies, along with information they collect about your online use, to recognize you across the devices you use, such as a mobile phone and a laptop.  if you would like more information about this practice, and to learn how to opt out of it in desktop and mobile browsers on the particular device on which you are accessing this privacy policy, please visit http://optout.aboutads.info/#/ and http://optout.networkadvertising.org/#/. use of services by minors the services are not directed to individuals under the age of thirteen (13) and we do not knowingly collect personal information from individuals under 13. sensitive information unless we request it, we ask that you not send us, and you not disclose, any sensitive personal information (e.g., social security numbers, information related to racial or ethnic origin, political opinions, religion or other beliefs, health, biometrics or genetic characteristics, or criminal background) on or through the services or otherwise to us. volunteer opportunities and donation requests we may provide you the ability to track your volunteer work and submit your volunteer hours.  in addition, the services may offer you the option to request a donation on behalf of an organization.  by requesting a donation on behalf of an organization, you represent that the organization is a 501(c)(3) non-profit authorized to conduct business under the laws of the united states and that you have permission to request a donation on its behalf.  the organization’s information you provide will be used to contact the organization and your contact information may be included in the communication. updates to this privacy policy the “last updated” legend at the top of this privacy policy indicates when this privacy policy was last revised.  any changes will become effective when we post the revised privacy policy on the services. contacting us if you have any questions about this privacy policy, please contact us at privacy@biglots.com or: big lots attn: office of the general counsel (privacy matter) 4900 e. dublin granville road columbus, oh 43081 because email communications are not always secure, please do not include credit card or other sensitive information in your emails to us. additional information for nevada residents we do not sell covered information as defined under nevada law.  if you would like to make any inquiry regarding the sale of your covered information, please contact privacy@biglots.com. additional information for california residents pursuant to the california consumer privacy act of 2018 (“ccpa”), we are providing the following additional details regarding the categories of personal information about california residents, including our employees and job applicants, that we have collected (online and offline), used or disclosed. collection of personal information we collect, and have collected within the preceding 12 months, the following categories of personal information: identifiers, such as name, signature, contact information, online identifiers, and government-issued id numbers; personal information, as defined in the california customer records law, such as name, contact information, medical information, payment card number, financial information, insurance information, education information, and employment information; characteristics of protected classifications under california or federal law, such as sex, age, race, disability, national origin, medical conditions and information, citizenship, immigration status, request for leave, and marital status; commercial information, such as transaction information and purchase history; internet or network activity information, such as browsing history and interactions with our website; geolocation data, such as device location and ip location; audio, electronic, visual, and similar information, such as photographs or audio or video recordings; professional or employment-related information, such as work history, prior employer, information related to references, details of qualifications, skills and experience, human resources data, and data necessary for benefits and related administration services; and education information subject to the federal family educational rights and privacy act, such as student records. sources of personal information we collect this personal information from you, as well as from publicly available databases, joint marketing partners, data brokers and other marketing and advertising service providers, and background check providers as permitted under applicable law. use of personal information we use this personal information to operate, manage, and maintain our business, to provide our products and services, and to accomplish our business purposes and objectives, including, for example, to: arrange access to your registered account; develop, improve, repair, provide and maintain our products and services; process orders, returns, exchanges, and price hold requests; provide you with customer service; personalize, advertise, and market our products and services; including measuring the success of our ads; allow you to participate in sweepstakes, contests, or other promotions; conduct research, analytics, and data analysis; maintain our facilities and infrastructure; undertake quality and safety assurance measures; conduct risk and security control and monitoring; detect and prevent fraud; perform identity verification; perform accounting, audit, and other internal functions, such as internal investigations; comply with law, legal process, and internal policies; maintain records; and exercise and defend legal claims. we use personal information collected about our employees, applicants, contractors, directors, officers and owners for employment, workforce, and operational management purposes: to manage our personnel, facilities, and infrastructure; for workforce performance management, career development, payments administration, employee training, leaves and promotions; to manage wages and other awards, and for providing  healthcare, pensions, savings plans and other benefits; to maintain, operate, manage and secure our facilities, equipment, systems, and infrastructure; to undertake quality and safety assurance measures, protect the health and safety of our workforce and others, and conduct risk and security control and monitoring; to conduct research, analytics, and data analysis to assist in planning succession and to ensure business continuity, as well as to design employee retention programs and diversity initiatives; and to perform identity verification, accounting, audit, and other internal functions, such as internal investigations. disclosure of personal information we have disclosed the following personal information to third parties for our operational business purposes within the preceding 12 months: categories of personal information categories of third parties identifiers, such as name, signature, contact information, online identifiers, and government-issued id numbers our affiliates; third party service providers, to facilitate services they provide to us,  such as payment processing, order fulfillment, return authorization, and fraud protection; joint marketing partners; third party sponsors of sweepstakes, contests, and similar promotions; advertising networks; third parties you may be interested in hearing from or about personal information, as defined in the california customer records law, such as name, contact information, medical information, payment card information, financial information, insurance information, education information, and employment information our affiliates; third party service providers, to facilitate services they provide to us, such as payment processing, order fulfillment, return authorization, and fraud protection; joint marketing partners; third party sponsors of sweepstakes, contests, and similar promotions; advertising networks; third parties you may be interested in hearing from or about characteristics of protected classifications under california or federal law, such as sex, age, race, disability, national origin, medical conditions and information, citizenship, immigration status, request for leave, and marital status our affiliates; third party service providers, to facilitate services they provide to us; joint marketing partners; advertising networks commercial information, such as transaction information and purchase history our affiliates; third party service providers, to facilitate services they provide to us, such as payment processing, order fulfillment, return authorization, and fraud protection; joint marketing partners; third party sponsors of sweepstakes, contests, and similar promotions; advertising networks; third parties you may be interested in hearing from or about internet or network activity information, such as browsing history and interactions with our website our affiliates; third party service providers, to facilitate services they provide to us, such as payment processing, order fulfillment, return authorization, and fraud protection; joint marketing partners; third party sponsors of sweepstakes, contests, and similar promotions;  advertising networks; third parties you may be interested in hearing from or about geolocation data, such as device location and ip location our affiliates; third party service providers, to facilitate services they provide to us; joint marketing partners; third party sponsors of sweepstakes, contests, and similar promotions;  advertising networks; third parties you may be interested in hearing from or about audio, electronic, visual, and similar information, such as photographs or audio or video recordings our affiliates; third party service providers, to facilitate services they provide to us; joint marketing partners; third party sponsors of sweepstakes, contests, and similar promotions; advertising networks professional or employment-related information, such as work history, prior employer, information related to references, details of qualifications, skills and experience, human resources data, and data necessary for benefits and related administration services our affiliates; third party service providers, to facilitate services they provide to us education information subject to the federal family educational rights and privacy act, such as student records our affiliates; third party service providers, to facilitate services they provide to us sale of personal information the ccpa defines “sale” as disclosing personal information in exchange for “monetary or other valuable consideration.”  although some of the ways in which big lots shares your information is technically a “sale” under the ccpa, big lots does not sell your personal information for money.  for example, we share your information with select marketing partners that pool that information with other information from other members of the marketing network to improve marketing outcomes for you. this may constitute a “sale” under the ccpa.  therefore, we may have “sold” the following categories of personal information within the preceding 12 months: categories of personal information categories of third parties identifiers, such as name, contact information, and online identifiers select marketing partners personal information, as defined in the california customer records law, such as name and contact information select marketing partners characteristics of protected classifications under california or federal law, such as marital status select marketing partners commercial information, such as transaction information and purchase history select marketing partners internet or network activity information, such as browsing history and interactions with our website select marketing partners geolocation data, such as ip location select marketing partners we do not knowingly sell the personal information of minors under 16 years of age. your ccpa rights requests to know, delete, or opt-out if you are a california resident, you may make the following requests: (1)    request to know you may request that we disclose to you the following information covering the 12 months preceding your request: •    the categories of personal information we collected about you and the categories of sources from which we collected such personal information; •    the specific pieces of personal information we collected about you; •    the business or commercial purpose for collecting or selling (if applicable) personal information about you; •    the categories of personal information about you that we sold and, for each, the categories of third parties to whom we sold such personal information (if applicable); •    the categories of personal information about you that we otherwise shared or disclosed, and, for each, the categories of third parties with whom we shared or to whom we disclosed such personal information (if applicable). (2)    request to delete you may request that we delete personal information we collected from you. to make a request to know or a request to delete, please click here or call 1-866-biglots (244-5687). we will verify and respond to your request consistent with applicable law, taking into account the type and sensitivity of the personal information subject to the request.  we may need to request additional personal information from you, such as state of residency; mailing address(es), email address(es), and phone number(s) used to interact with us; and big rewards account number or registered email address, in order to verify your identity and protect against fraudulent requests.  if you make a request to delete, we may ask you to confirm your request before we delete your personal information. (3)    request to opt-out you may request to opt out of any future “sale” of your personal information by clicking here or by calling 1-866-biglots (244-5687). right to notice and non-discrimination you have the right to be informed, at or before the point of collection, of the categories of personal information to be collected from you and the purposes for which that personal information will be used. you have the right to be free from unlawful discrimination for exercising your rights under the ccpa. authorized agents if you want to make a request as an authorized agent on behalf of a california resident, you may use the submission methods noted above.  as part of our verification process, we may request that you provide, as applicable: •    proof of your registration with the california secretary of state to conduct business in california; •    a power of attorney from the california resident pursuant to probate code sections 4121-4130; •    permission that the california resident has authorized you to make a request on the resident’s behalf.  this permission must be signed (via physical or e-signature) by the california resident. if you are making a request to know or a request to delete on behalf of a california resident and have not provided us with a power of attorney from the resident pursuant to probate code sections 4121-4130, we may also require the resident to: •    verify the resident’s own identity directly with us; or •    directly confirm with us that the resident provided you permission to submit the request to know or request to delete. additional california privacy rights if you are a resident of california, under 18, and a registered user of the services, you may ask us to remove content or information that you have posted to the services by writing to: privacy@biglots.com.  please note that your request does not ensure complete or comprehensive removal of the content or information, as, for example, some of your content may have been reposted by another user. in addition, once a year, california residents may request a list of the categories of personal information that we share with third parties and/or our affiliates for their own marketing purposes, as well as the contact information for these third parties/affiliates. to make this request, contact us or send a letter to the address listed below, note that it is a “california privacy rights request,” and provide your name, street address, city, state, and zip code: big lots attn: office of the general counsel (california privacy rights request) 4900 e. dublin granville road columbus, oh 43081 no ccpa targeter new services easy way to pay & take home today get 15% off your first purchase! easy to give. fun to get. use it in store or on biglots.com award-winning service and support anything you need as fast as you need it! customer care help live chat contact us order status faqs return policy feedback shop & learn weekly ad shop departments store finder big rewards credit card easy leasing gift cards big lots corporate for careers, investor relations and other big lots information, visit: corporate information site careers investors community corporate social responsibility credit card live big and save lots with the big lots credit card learn more benefits pay & manage card legal cookie settings ca transparency act california customers only: do not sell my info follow us facebook twitter youtube pinterest instagram © 2022 big lots stores, inc., or their affiliates. all rights reserved. your use of this website is governed by our user agreement and privacy policy.