来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20221231163923/https://www.biglots.com/bigrewards/bigrewards-about/?scm=FOOTER_AMJ21_EDNAV_INSPO_BIGREWARDS
================================================================================

big rewards program - membership benefits | big lots skip to main content skip to department navigation big rewards weekly ad store finder fabulous finds inspiration patio lookbook menu weekly deals 3 my account shopping cart 0 shopping cart 0 home another big rewards exclusive shop now shop now shop now frequently asked questions general rewards & redemption questions what is big rewards? big rewards is one of the best shopper loyalty programs around. first off, it’s free, and you can earn your way to a reward with every purchase! it’s designed to reward our biggest fans — both frequent shoppers (reward after every 3 purchases!) as well as big spenders on indoor furniture, patio furniture, and even mattresses (furniture bonus on top of your reward!). big rewards also includes frequent 20% off coupons, free item weekends, big bucks coupons, 10% off for military/vets, a birthday surprise, and many other exclusive offers throughout the year. plus, the rewards you earn can be combined with most of our coupons! how do i join? it’s easy! and it takes less than a minute, and you’ll get a special welcome offer emailed to you within 3 days of signing up! your name, zip code, and email address are all we need, but giving us your phone number makes lookup go faster, and if you share your birth month, a birthday surprise will come your way! in-store, just ask an associate to help you sign up, or you can join online at biglots.com/rewards. physical big rewards cards are available when you sign up in store. if you enroll online, you’ll get a digital membership card. digital cardholders enjoy the same benefits, without the need for a physical card. a digital image of your big rewards card number is available in your online account under rewards card information. to get credit for your qualifying purchase, present the image of your big rewards card at time of purchase. you can display your card on a smartphone or print your card from your account page. if you ever want to switch from a physical big rewards card to a digital card, simply visit the my account page and choose 'create digital card.' use the same email address and personal information, and the rewards that you've earned will transfer to your new digital card. for additional details about the big rewards program, review your membership agreement. how will i get my rewards? you will get notified about your available rewards within 7-14 days, depending on date of purchase, via the email address associated with your account. the email address associated with the big rewards account must be active and valid to receive rewards notifications. rewards emails are sent on fridays so check your inbox! you earn a rewards coupon with every three qualified purchases (with few exceptions). rewards are earned only when you identify yourself as a rewards member at checkout or are logged in to your account on biglots.com. if you don't have your card, in most stores an associate can look up your account by using your email address or phone number. can i access my rewards any other way? yes, you can log in to your account at biglots.com/rewards and check to see if you have any offers available at any time. we must have a valid email address for you to receive notifications. pro tip! bookmark the "my big rewards & offers" page on your phone (iphone or android) for quick and easy access to all your rewards and coupons when you shop. just open any big lots email, click on “my account” at the bottom of the email, which will take you directly to your my offers dashboard. bookmark the page on your phone. then just click the bookmark and you’ll have quick and direct access to all your offers, every time! what can i spend my reward on? almost everything! you can redeem rewards coupons on most regular price, sale, and clearance items in stores or on biglots.com. rewards can also be used on new price holds, special orders, or new lease transactions. please refer to your reward for specifics. current exclusions are minimal and include rentals, deposits, charitable donations, milk, dairy products, eggs, gift cards, tax exempt products, existing price holds, special orders, or previously completed lease transactions. exclusions are subject to change. can i use more than one reward in a transaction? yes, you’ve earned it! you can use multiple types of rewards on the same in-store transaction. on biglots.com you’re limited to 2 total rewards discounts. please note when combining rewards with other rewards or coupons, percent-off rewards/coupons are always applied first, so the 2nd discount will be applied to the reduced balance. for amount-off rewards/coupons, each coupon scanned will reduce the balance available to be applied to the next offer. minimum purchase requirements apply for each coupon or offer. do i still earn a reward when i redeem a reward? you bet! redeeming a reward on a qualifying purchase counts toward earning your next reward. can i share my rewards or use them more than once? sorry, a reward can only be used one time. you can’t share your rewards, as they can only be redeemed using your rewards card or your login credentials for your online account. can i stack my offers? yes, you can! except when you can’t. big rewards members can stack their earned rewards with other rewards and most other coupons/offers. for non-earned offers or store promotions, please refer to the specific offer’s terms and conditions. do rewards expire? big rewards are currently valid for 17 days from the date they are loaded to your account. so, you have three full weekends to spend your rewards! do price-holds and special-orders apply? yes, they do! taking final delivery of your merchandise counts as a qualifying purchase. why didn’t i get my reward? we try to make it easy for you. there could be a few reasons why you aren’t seeing a reward on your account dashboard. some rewards are only valid for select members and are loaded directly to their big rewards card and cannot be shared some rewards may appear on an affiliate shopping site such as retailmenot or snip snap. these rewards may only be valid for intended recipients and are not shareable most rewards are valid for one-time use. the reward may have already been redeemed. once a reward expires or has been redeemed, it is no longer visible on your account your earned reward may not be available yet. big rewards members can see their earned reward in their account 7-14 days after their third qualifying purchase. members can earn one reward per week the reward may be expired. earned rewards are available for 17 days and expire on the coupon’s expiration date some rewards may be invitation-only or may be personalized to individual members based on previous purchase history for successful reward redemption, big rewards members must present a big rewards card or registered email address during checkout in stores or be logged in to their account online at the time of the purchase or transaction for more information on program features and policies, you can review your big rewards membership agreement at https://www.biglots.com/bigrewards/bigrewards-membership-agreement program details can be found here: https://www.biglots.com/bigrewards/bigrewards-about i got a reward coupon through email, but i can’t read the code. what should i do? to view your current offers and promotions, visit the my big rewards & offers page. these rewards can be viewed from your mobile phone or can be printed from a computer. if you’re unable to scan the coupon bar code while visiting a store, a cashier can key in the bar code number to apply the discount. can i add my big rewards card to my apple wallet or android wallet? yes. this is a super-cool feature for quick access to your card from your phone. once you join big rewards, you’ll see a mobile wallet link at the bottom of your big rewards emails to add your card to your mobile wallet. just a few clicks and you’re done! how do i add my rewards number to my online profile? to add your new big rewards card number to your online account, first you will need to log in to your profile. once you are logged in, visit the update big rewards card page. enter your new number in the 'update big rewards card' box. click 'save card number' and you’re all set! your new big rewards card has been added to your profile. what if i don’t have my card when i’m in a big lots store? no problem at all! if you have a digital or mobile wallet card on your smartphone, you can present it to the cashier at the register. otherwise, a store associate can look up your big rewards card at the register using your phone number, email address, first and last name, or a combination of these. what if i lost my big rewards card? simply log in to your account and follow the instructions to replace or add a card. you can choose to create a digital big rewards card or sync your account with a physical card. if you want to keep a physical card, visit any big lots store for a replacement. you can link the new card by signing in to your account online, or by visiting any participating big lots retail store. once your new big rewards card is activated, all previous cards will be deactivated. how does the receipt lookup work? simply ask a store associate. they can access your receipt up to 60 days after your in-store purchase—a nice added benefit for big rewards members. for receipt requests over 60 days, reach out to customer care. how do i opt out of big lots emails? simply click here to log in and access your email preferences. select all that apply and click on save preferences. please note that if you've opted out of marketing communications, we may still contact you for transactional purposes such as recall notices, customer service, questions related to your order, and shipping confirmations. your opt-out is limited to the email address used and will not affect subsequent subscriptions. to unsubscribe from all emails, click here. can i choose the type of promotional emails that i get? yes. you can edit the email subscriptions you get by logging in to your account. email subscription options include: advance notice of weekly ads, exclusive deals, and big rewards notifications. to receive your earned rewards, be sure to subscribe to big rewards notifications. if you want all of our deals, coupons and free items, you’ll want to subscribe to all. if i unsubscribe from all emails, will i still get special offers? no. if you unsubscribe from all emails, you will no longer get any promotional emails from big lots, including big rewards coupons and any special offers. when rewards and offers are issued to an unsubscribed email, you will not receive email notifications. as a result, you will need to log into your account to access any available offers. please note that even if you’ve opted out of marketing communications, we may still contact you for transactional purposes such as recall notices, customer service, questions related to your order, and shipping confirmations. your opt-out is limited to the email address used and will not affect subsequent subscriptions. i can’t remember my password, what do i do? simple. on the account login screen, click 'change password' on the next page, enter your email address and click 'reset password' or click here. you will then receive an email with a link to set a new password. military discount questions do you offer a military discount? yes! we're proud to offer all active military and retired veteran customers an extra 10% off (almost) everything, every day in-store only. how do i get the military discount? first, join big rewards. then just show your big rewards card and your valid military or veteran id to the cashier and just like that you’ll save an extra 10% every time you shop in-store. here’s a bit more info on this great perk for our great military heroes: https://www.biglots.com/page/discountprogram buy 3 times, get a $5 reward questions what is the actual reward? the current reward includes a choice of either $5 off a $15 purchase or $15 off a $75 purchase. plus, when you make a qualifying purchase using a reward, you earn another reward. you can also combine your rewards with other rewards and coupon offers, too! what is considered a qualifying purchase? a qualifying purchase is any purchase made in a store or on biglots.com* excluding gift cards, rentals, and donations (a price hold counts as a qualified purchase when the transaction is paid in full and your merchandise is picked up or delivered). when shopping in a store, show your card to the cashier (or we’ll look up your info). when shopping on biglots.com* just make sure you’re logged into your account to earn rewards. *rewards earned through online purchases will post to your account after they ship. does a return count as a qualifying purchase? no. sorry. do qualifying purchases expire? yes, they expire after 12 months. how many qualifying purchases can i earn per day? you can earn one qualifying purchase, per store, per day. do transactions on biglots.com count as a qualifying purchase? yes! biglots.com counts as a separate store. shopping in a store and on biglots.com in the same day counts as two qualified purchases! biglots.com purchases for buy online pick-up in-store and delivery from store are considered in-store purchases. can i view transaction history in my big rewards account? yes! as an added benefit for big rewards members, you can easily access your transaction history within your account. what do i need to do to ensure my purchase will be added to my transaction history? in stores, just show your big rewards card or provide your associated email or phone number to the cashier. on biglots.com, just log in to your profile prior to checkout. i made a purchase in a store but didn’t have any of my big rewards information. can i add that purchase to my account later? yes. you can manually add a transaction to your account by keying in a few details from your receipt. log in to your account and click the “enter previous receipts” link, then follow the prompts. you have 30 days to link a transaction to your account. you may also contact big lots customer care for assistance. please note manually added receipts do not qualify for earning rewards. what if i shop frequently? super! you can only receive one $5 reward per week, though. but, if you shop with us more than that (yay!), any additional qualifying purchases and subsequent earned rewards carry over into future weeks for up to 12 months. for example, if you make 9 qualified purchases in one week, you’ll get one reward per week for the following 3 weeks. how can i check my earnings status? how can i check my earnings status? simply log in to your online account and go to "view rewards status" to see how many rewards you’ve earned. qualifying purchases refresh daily, so keep checking. what is a "pending" reward? a pending reward is one that has been earned, but not yet issued. if you've earned three rewards, you will see a reward as pending in your account until the offer is issued (with an email notification). once the reward has been issued to your account, you'll receive notification of the offer via email. big lots issues rewards to eligible members every friday. if you've earned more than one reward, you will see multiple pending rewards. furniture bonus questions what is the furniture bonus and is there a limit on how much i can earn? the furniture bonus is an extra $10 for every $200 spent on furniture in one week (even on multiple qualifying purchases), with a max of $50. what is considered furniture? indoor furniture (sofas, loveseats, recliners, dining room, bedroom, and mattresses) as well as outdoor furniture (patio sets, gazebos, and umbrellas) purchased in store or on biglots.com. how is the furniture bonus calculated? it’s calculated based on the purchase amount before tax and shipping, and after other discounts and sales have been applied. if i spend $100 on a qualifying purchase, can i carry that forward to apply to my next furniture purchase? no, the furniture bonus has no carry-forward value. it’s applied on a per-purchase basis, so as long as your purchase is $200 or over, you’ll get your furniture bonus. what if i make more than one qualifying furniture purchase during the week? that’s ok! if more than one qualifying furniture purchase is made during a week (sun–sat), we will sum the total value for the week, but each purchase must be greater than $200. for example, you make a $250 furniture purchase on wednesday and another $400 purchase on friday, based on your $650 purchase total that week you would earn a $30 furniture bonus. purchases that fall outside this 7-day window are considered on a per-transaction basis. purchases less than $200 do not qualify. does my furniture purchase count toward my regular $5 reward? it sure does! with your qualifying furniture purchase, you’re that much closer to your next reward! what if i forget to link my purchase to my card when i buy furniture? to be eligible for the furniture bonus, furniture purchases must be linked to your big rewards account at the time of the transaction. please show your big rewards card to the cashier or provide your email address at the time of purchase. birthday surprise questions what is the birthday surprise? if we told you, it wouldn’t be a surprise! what we can tell you is it’s a great offer that you can use in stores or on biglots.com. how do i provide my birth date to big lots? we can just add your birthday when you sign up in store (totally optional, btw!). if you’re already a member, access your online account, click on “edit profile” and provide your birth month and day. how will i receive my birthday surprise? your birthday surprise will be sent to the email address associated with your big rewards account. how frequently are they sent? well, once a year, obviously. we send all birthday surprise emails around the 1st of the month. for example, all members who have a birthday in july will be sent an email in the 1st week of july. what if i sign up after the 1st of my birthday month? unfortunately, since all offers are sent during the 1st week of the month, we currently cannot send offers out to members who sign up later in the month. no ccpa targeter new services easy way to pay & take home today get 15% off your first purchase! easy to give. fun to get. use it in store or on biglots.com award-winning service and support anything you need as fast as you need it! customer care help live chat contact us order status faqs return policy feedback shop & learn weekly ad shop departments store finder big rewards credit card easy leasing gift cards big lots corporate for careers, investor relations and other big lots information, visit: corporate information site careers investors community environmental social & governance potential suppliers credit card live big and save lots with the big lots credit card learn more benefits pay & manage card legal cookie settings ca transparency act california customers only: do not sell my info follow us facebook twitter youtube pinterest instagram © 2023 big lots stores, inc., or their affiliates. all rights reserved. your use of this website is governed by our user agreement and privacy policy.