来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20231227113144/https://www.biglots.com/help-faq/_/N-4005127926
================================================================================

big lots help | big lots skip to main content skip to department navigation big rewards weekly ad store finder search biglots.com my account shopping cart 0 shopping cart 0 home big lots help faqs faqs what would you like to do? manage my account track an order return an item topics faq topics view all my account big rewards general shipping & delivery orders returns security transactions same day and scheduled delivery buy online pick up in store curbside orders payment options still need help? contact us or call:1 (866) 244-5687 need help? chat with us now. chat with us for website issues, orders and returns. for big rewards or store issues, please contact us chat now view all 1 - 50 of 178 next for more information about big rewards. big rewards faq learn more who is big lots? big lots is a unique, non-traditional, discount retailer operating more than 1,400 stores in 47 states. we carry an assortment of products in categories such as food, consumables, furniture, home décor, seasonal, soft home, hard home, electronics, and accessories. we are committed to providing amazing values every day. big lots is a publicly traded company listed on the new york stock exchange (nyse: big) with annual revenues exceeding $5 billion. what are your store hours? most stores are open 9 a.m. - 9 p.m. monday through saturday and 10 a.m. - 9 p.m. on sunday. we occasionally change our store hours, please click here to view your local store hours and temporary holiday hours. how can i find a store near me? to find a store in your area, click here to visit our store locator page. simply enter your zip code or city and state to find the big lots closest to you. why are some prices online different than in stores? pricing, promotions, styles and availability may vary by store and online. for example, big lots may offer special promotional pricing that is for online purchases only. to see if varied prices qualify for a price match, click here. does big lots accept coupons? big lots does not accept manufacturer coupons or discounts unless they have been approved by our big lots corporate office for in-store and online purchases. does biglots.com have the same items as stores? most of the products available for purchase on biglots.com are also available in stores. to find out if a product you're looking for is available at a store near you, enter your zip code on the product page. please note: products in the store may differ from products online, depending on area of country and time of year. our stores also carry items that may not be available online, and we may also offer items that are exclusively online. how do i submit a request for a donation or sponsorship from big lots? to learn more about our giving focus and to see if your organization is eligible to apply for a gift, click here. what is the easy leasing program? big lots offers an easy leasing program as an alternate way to purchase furniture, select seasonal, and select home items. we have a lease-to-own option that is offered in big lots stores (some state and location limitations apply). there is a $150 minimum purchase requirement to participate in the leasing program. please visit our store locator and enter your zip code to find a store near you that offers easy leasing. please note big lots does use a third party provider to manage our leasing program. for additional information click here or you can contact progressive leasing directly at 877-898-1970. who do i contact about my online shopping experience? we would love to hear about your shopping experience. click here for different ways to reach us. who do i contact about my in-store shopping experience? to send big lots an email about a recent in-store shopping experience, click here. do you allow pets in your store? big lots welcomes service animals in our stores in accordance with the americans with disabilities act (ada). we do not require proof of pet training or special jackets. i have questions about my product (i.e. where is it made, who makes it, etc.)? for information on product details and descriptions, please check out our website. if you need additional information about a product that is not shown on the website you can contact our customer care team. click here to visit our contact us page. what is the price hold program? price hold is a program that allows our shoppers to hold the current price of an item when an item is out of stock. we will hold that price until the item is either re-stocked and delivered to the store, or you have paid the proper amount in order to purchase it. once you are within two weeks of paying off the price hold, we will have you contact the store to verify that the merchandise will be available when you plan to pick it up. please note that the price hold program is only available in our stores that carry furniture. to find a store near you that sells furniture items, visit our store locator and enter your zip code. note: price hold is not available for clearance and select furniture items. how do i add items to my cart? to add items to your cart, simply browse any of our products online. once you find a product or products that you love, select the quantity, and fulfillment method you would like to buy, click on the "add to cart" button and you’re all set! how do i use my cart? to view your cart, click on the shopping cart icon located in the upper right-hand corner of your screen. all of the items you have added to your cart will appear on this page. you can make changes in cart to your fulfillment type, pickup location, and delivery window. once you have finished your online shopping, you can checkout right from your shopping cart. how do i check out? to checkout, simply click on the "secure checkout" or one of the other secure payment option buttons in the lower right-hand corner or the lower right-hand corner of your shopping cart. from there you will arrive in the checkout process where you will select your preferred shipping method, be asked for your address, and your form of payment. can i place an order using my phone? yes! our mobile site provides a fast and convenient way to view products online, add items to your cart, and make purchases. our mobile site can be viewed on any smart phone. at this time, big lots does not have an app. how can i find out if a product is available in-store or online?​ to determine if a product is in-stock and available for purchase online or in-store, enter your shipping address and select your local store. then simply search for that product on biglots.com. from here you will be taken to the product page which will give you more details. if the item is available for purchase on the site, you will have the option to "add to cart" for any available options: shipping, delivery, or in store pick-up. if the product shows available for in-store pick up you can place an order online or go to the store to purchase. items may be available in store that do not show online or do not have in-store pick up available. do you offer rain checks on products that are out of stock? at this time, big lots does not offer rain checks for merchandise that is out of stock both online and in-store. does big lots offer back-in-stock notifications? unfortunately, we are unable to offer back-in-stock notifications. use the store locator with your zip code to find a store near you that may have your product available. note: big lots carries buyout and closeout items that have limited availability. i can't remember how to log in to my account. what should i do? if you are having difficulty remembering where to go to access your online account, simply click here. you will then be prompted to enter your email address and your password. how do i reset my user name or password? for help with resetting your username and password click here to be directed to our password help page. you will then be prompted to enter your email address, and we’ll send you a link to reset your password. how do i create an account online? creating an online account is quick, easy and it's free! simply click here and enter your name, email address and a password and you're ready to go. can i create a biglots.com account before i place an order? yes, simply click here to create an online account and then proceed to place your order. how can i manage my email subscriptions? to manage your email subscriptions, click here. you will then be prompted to log-in and from here you will have access to your account email preferences. select all of the options that apply and click on ‘save preferences’. my order was declined, but i just checked with my bank or credit card issuer, and they say i was charged for the declined orders. why is that? you are not charged for declined orders. your bank or credit card issuer still shows those charges as pending until they receive final confirmation that those orders were in fact declined, which usually happens in the evening. when you make a purchase online, your credit card is not actually charged at that moment. the card processor checks with your bank or credit card issuer to first make sure you have enough available credit to complete the purchase. at that time, your bank or credit card issuer places a hold, or pending charge, on the amount of the intended purchase against your card. the card processor then makes sure the other information you input (for instance, your address) is correct, and if all is well the transaction is processed. if not, such as if you enter an incorrect address, then the transaction is declined. in either case, your bank or credit card issuer still only has the pending charge on your account. the transaction won't be finalized until the early evening when the card processor sends final confirmations for all of the day's transactions to the banks as explained above. so, if you had 3 transactions declined and one accepted at 2:00pm, and then checked with your bank at 3:15pm, they would still show all 4 transactions on your account. that is because they won't know until later that evening that 3 were declined. once they receive that information, those pending charges will be removed from your account. charges made after that day's transactions are confirmed, will be processed with the following day's charges. this is not a situation unique and is how virtually all online transactions are handled. please note: some banks or credit card issuers can take 48 hours or longer before they remove pending charges. how do i place an order? to place an order, select and add items to your shopping cart and click the 'view cart & checkout' button. review your cart for proper items and fulfillment types and click ‘secure checkout’. if you already have an online account, you may log in at this time. if not, you may create an account or checkout as a guest. fill out your billing and payment information, making sure it all matches up with the credit card you plan to use. double check your information and your order details, then click the ‘place my order’ button to submit your order. you're done! we suggest keeping a copy of your order confirmation for your own records and we will also email you one as well. how can i check the status of an online order? after an order is placed, you can track the status anytime. to track your order online, click here. how can i change or cancel my online order? our team understands that you may change your mind once you've placed your order. cancellations can be requested during a short period of time before orders are shipped. as our system does not allow items to be canceled once they have been prepared for shipment, cancellation requests are not a guarantee. if you missed the cancellation window, you can always return your order once it's been delivered. if you have any further questions or need assistance, please contact our customer care team at 1-866-big-lots (244-5687). why was my order cancelled by big lots? in some instances we may not be able to fulfill all or part of your biglots.com order. if that is the case, we will notify you via email. if you have any questions please contact us and reference your order number found in your email notification. when is my credit card charged? your credit card is pre-authorized after you have completed your online order. nothing is charged to your card until an item has shipped out. authorization holds or pending charges help us verify available funds on your payment method before shipping your order. we do not charge for your order until it ships. once your order ships, any authorizations will drop automatically and be replaced by the actual charge. items that have not shipped within 7 calendar days of placing the order will be re-authorized for any unshipped amount. if your order is shipped in multiple packages, charges will appear as each package ships. if your order contains in-store pickup items and items being shipped, you may see multiple pending authorizations when items are being shipped. we will charge you for the item(s) when it is ready to be picked up. additional charges will eventually drop off after merchandise is picked up in-store or merchandise is delivered but could take up to several days. your bank may hold this amount for a specified amount of time, depending on your bank's policy. big lots cannot remove authorizations from your account, only your financial institution can assist. cancelled orders automatically trigger a refund or removal of a hold on your card. if you notice a pending charge against your account for a cancelled order, contact your financial institution to inquire about removing the hold or the timeframe for removing it from your account. why was my credit card charged multiple times for one order? we charge your credit card when the items in your order have been processed and shipped. if you ordered multiple items, and they were shipped separately, you might see separate charges for each item. we will not charge you more than you authorized during checkout. can i place an order for a large quantity of items? yes, however, our system does limit the quantity of items that you are able to purchase. if you exceed the maximum quantity of items, please feel free to place an additional order online or visit any of our local stores. i'm missing a part/piece of hardware for my furniture. what should i do? if you are missing pieces to a product you ordered, please call our customer care team at 1-866-big-lots (244-5687). if an in-store order or pick-up, you must contact the store. does big lots offer a layaway program? unfortunately, big lots does not offer a layaway program. can i use gift cards online? yes! you can now redeem and purchase gift cards on biglots.com, click here. how do i use a promo? if you have a big lots promo code that you would like to use on biglots.com, simply enter your promo code after adding your items into your shopping cart. does big lots offer gift wrap/packaging for online orders? at this time, big lots does not offer gift wrap or packaging for online orders. what is the return policy for items purchased online? most merchandise purchased on biglots.com can be returned either in-store or by mail. the return must be made on or before the return by date listed on the packing slip. the merchandise must be in its original condition, complete with accessories, packaging and instructions. merchandise returned by mail must be accompanied by the packing slip. merchandise returned in-store must be accompanied by the packing slip or the order confirmation email showing the order number. refunds will be issued in the same form of payment originally used for the purchase. shipping and handling fees may not be refundable. we reserve the right to research the original purchase and to limit or decline refunds. you may be charged a processing fee. the processing fee will be 20% of the purchase price. for full return policy, details and restrictions, click here. what is the return policy for items purchased in a big lots store? most merchandise purchased in a big lots store can be returned to a store within 30 days of the date of purchase. the merchandise must be in its original condition, complete with accessories, packaging and instructions, and be accompanied by a receipt. refunds will be issued in the same form of payment originally used for the purchase. we reserve the right to research the original purchase and to limit or decline a refund or exchange. please note that items purchased in a big lots store cannot be returned by mail. for full return policy, details and restrictions, click here. how do i return an item i bought online? there are two ways to return a product bought on biglots.com: in-store bring the packing slip or order confirmation email, along with the items you wish to return in their original packaging and condition, to your big lots store of choice and we'll take care of the rest. find a big lots store near me. online view your order history by clicking here and logging on to your account or entering your email address and order number. click on the order number for the item you want to return. your order number is on the reverse side of the packing slip and on your order confirmation email. from your order details page, click "return item" and select the items you would like to return. we will generate your return documentation and provide instructions for sending back your package. if you wish to return a serta mattress or box spring, contact our customer care support center at 1-866-big-lots (244-5687) for assistance with making your return.  please be prepared to provide your order number and email address, or your rewards number, so that we may better assist you. please note: returns must be made within 30 days of receipt the item must be in its original packaging and condition returns are subject to a 20% of purchase price processing fee* delivery and handling fees will not be refunded* *some exclusions may apply if you need assistance with your return, please contact our customer care team at 1-866-big-lots (244-5687). to view our full return policy click here. how do i return a big! delivery item? if your item was delivered to you via big! delivery, please follow the instuctions below. returns must be made within 30 days of receipt. bring the item, along with all packaging, paperwork, parts and accessories to any big lots store. present the item and the order confirmation email showing the order number to a store associate for assistance to ensure a refund or exchange, the item must be in its original packaging and condition. if you do not wish to return an item delivered to you via big! delivery to a big lots store, contact our customer care support center at 1-866-big-lots (244-5687) for assistance with making your return.  when contacting our customer care support center, please be prepared to provide your order number and email address, or your rewards number, so that we may better assist you. additional return rules & restrictions unless you received a damaged or defective item or an item different than what you ordered: you may be charged a processing fee of up to 15% of the items' sales price. delivery and handling costs will not be refunded. i need to return an item i assembled. what should i do? if you need to return an item that you purchased in store and it has been assembled, you can simply return it into any big lots store. some assembled items do not require their original packaging but must have a proof of purchase to return them. if you need to return an assembled item that you purchased online, please contact our customer care team at 1-866-big-lots (244-5687). how do i track my return? to track your return you can either use the link in the email or you can visit our order status page. how do i know if a product i bought has been recalled and what do i do with the recalled product? to determine if a product you purchased has been recalled, click here for a current listing of any recalled products. if the product has been recalled and you purchased it in-store, please bring the recalled item to the store nearest you for a refund. if the product has been recalled and you purchased it online, you may return the item to your local store or visit our order history page to return by mail. i need to return an item but i cannot find my packing slip. what should i do? if you need to return an item that was purchased online but you cannot find your packing slip, visit our order history page for information on starting the return process. you may also return your item at any one of our stores. just bring in a copy of your order confirmation email, shipment confirmation email or a copy of your order details. how do i return an item greater than 70 lbs.? if you are returning a damaged, defective or incorrect item and it weighs more than 70 lbs., or you are unable to use your pre-paid return shipping label, please contact our customer care team at 1-866-big-lots (244-5687). can i exchange items bought on the website? if you purchased an item online and would like to exchange it, please bring that item into a big lots store. we cannot accept or process exchanges by mail. exchanges will be made only if an item identical to what you originally purchased is available, and at a lower or original cost at the time of the exchange. can i return a gift that was bought for me on biglots.com? if you received an item from biglots.com as a gift and wish to return it back through the mail, a refund will be issued back to the original source of payment (i.e., the credit card that was used by the person who purchased the gift). if you wish to return the gift you received into a store, a refund will be issued in the form of a merchandise credit (big lots gift card). view all 1 - 50 of 178 next still need help? contact us or call:1 (866) 244-5687 or call:1 (866) 244-5687 need help? chat with us now. chat with us for website issues, orders and returns. for big rewards or store issues, please contact us chat now no ccpa targeter follow us facebook twitter youtube pinterest instagram customer care chat with us for website issues, orders and returns. help live chat contact us order status faqs return policy feedback shop & learn big deals! get them before they’re gone! shop departments store finder big rewards credit card easy leasing gift cards big lots corporate for careers, investor relations and other big lots information, visit: corporate information site careers investors community environmental social & governance potential suppliers big lots credit card live big and save lots with the big lots credit card learn more pay & manage card apply now big rewards you deserve big rewards! new members get 15% off just for signing up! learn more sign up for free © big lots stores, inc., or their affiliates. all rights reserved. cookie preferences user agreement privacy policy ca transparency act california customers only: do not sell my info