来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20111229001316/https://www.birchbox.com/faq
================================================================================

faq | birchbox holiday shipping: free standard shipping on all full-size orders $25+. order by 6 am est on 12/19 for 12/24 standard delivery. log in home shop box magazine brands gift join skincare makeup hair body fragrance tools lifestyle / faq faq membership i just signed up for a birchbox subscription! what will i receive? are there any hidden fees? when can i expect my first shipment? when will i be billed for the monthly recurring membership? if i have a yearly subscription, what happens at the end of my 12th month? if i have a gift subscription, what happens when i reach my last month? what is your cancellation policy? why does my monthly recurring subscription say "processing"? shipping where does birchbox ship? and how? when will my birchbox ship? will i be able to track my shipment? what if i want to change my address? what is your shipping policy? do you offer free shipping? can i still get free shipping on an item i forgot to include in my order? do you offer expedited shipping? how much is expedited shipping? i need my items before the holiday (12/25). when do i need to order? samples will you tell me what is coming in my box ahead of time? can i choose? is the birchbox customized? will i love the products? what if i don't like the samples i receive? what if i don't know what to do with my samples? i love this sample! where do i buy it? i'm a woman of color. will birchbox fit my needs? i have allergies to certain products and ingredients. what do i do? is birchbox an eco-friendly company? how do i request eco-friendly samples only? birchbox points how does the birchbox points program work? how do i earn birchbox points? do i earn 10 points with each month's birchbox subscription? when will i receive my birchbox points for my friend referral? how do i redeem my birchbox points? can i redeem my birchbox points for monthly boxes? how many birchbox points do i earn for sharing product feedback? website how and where do i fill out birchbox product feedback surveys? what type of content is on the birchbox website? internet explorer and birchbox.com birchbox shop do you carry the brands i love? do you offer any special discounts or promotions on full-size products? do full-size products ship for free? what is your shipping policy? do you ever offer free shipping? what is your return policy? what is your full-size order cancellation policy? do you have gift cards available? can i gift a birchbox subscription? promotions i forgot to use my promo code! what if my promo code doesn't work? what if i just missed a promo? gift e-cards when does my gift e-card expire? how do i use my gift e-card? what can i redeem with a gift e-card? can i exchange a gift e-card for cash? what happens to the rest of my gift e-card balance if i don't use it all at once? i don't want to use my gift e-card for a particular purchase. can i remove it after i have applied it? how can i check my gift e-card balance? what if i don't know my recipient's email address for their gift e-card? do i earn birchbox points for purchases made with gift e-cards? i'm having trouble using my gift e-card to place an order. what should i do?? gift subscriptions can i redeem a gift subscription for cash or for another product in the shop? what happens when my gift subscription ends? what if i don't know my recipient's email address for their gift subscription? what if i don't know my recipient's shipping address? can i receive the first birchbox and give it to my recipient in person? i've lost my redemption link. what should i do to activate my account? every month, you'll receive a box filled with 4-5 beauty samples from luxury brands. each month will include a different mix of product types, including makeup, skincare, fragrance, body, and hair care. all samples are generously sized, with enough product to allow you to figure out if they're right for you. you'll also want to take advantage of birchbox.com, which is packed with all the beauty information and tips you need, including expert interviews, helpful tutorials, and fun videos. nope - all you pay is your subscription. there are no shipping or handling fees for the monthly birchbox. lucky you! check your order confirmation for an estimated shipping date. your first birchbox will probably arrive the month after you place your initial subscription order. for example, if you place you order in september (between 9/1 and 9/30), you'll receive your first box in october. all birchboxes ship from our east coast facilities by the 10th of every month; your birchbox should arrive an estimated 5-10 business days after it's shipped. when you place your order for the monthly membership, you will be billed for your first birchbox immediately. for the months to follow, you will be billed on the first day of each month. all annual subscriptions automatically renew at the end of each 12-month period, so that you'll never miss a box (except gift subscriptions - see next question for details)! we'll remind you via email when the auto-renew is about to happen. you can opt out of auto-renewal at any time - simply call us at 877-487-7272. if you have a gift subscription, it will be terminated after you receive your box in the last month of your subscription (i.e. if you have a 6-month gift subscription, it will be canceled after you receive your 6th box). after you receive your last box, you can re-subscribe and become a regular recurring subscriber. just go to www.birchbox.com/join or feel free to call us at 877-487-7272. monthly members can cancel their birchbox membership at any time. there are no cancellation fees. simply go to your account page and look for the 'cancel subscription' link under birchbox membership details. click to submit your cancellation. you can also contact us at .(javascript must be enabled to view this email address). to cancel. yearly subscribers are not eligible to cancel their subscription. however, they may choose to opt out of auto-renew by clicking the 'opt out of auto renewal' link on the account page under birchbox membership details. this link is available during the final month of your annual subscription. to opt out earlier, contact us at 877-487-7272. this will prevent your annual subscription from automatically renewing at the end of the year. re-billing occurs on the first of each month after you receive your first birchbox. if you would like to cancel your subscription, make sure to send in your cancellation request before 12 am eastern standard time on the last day of the month, otherwise you will continue to be billed for the next month. at any point in the month, the monthly recurring subscription will say "processing". this is the status of your order, not shipping. each month we will send you an email confirmation with your monthly tracking number. if at any time you choose to cancel, that order will then say "closed". we currently ship only to the united states, its territories, and apo boxes. boxes are sent via the us postal service and streamlite. every month, once your box is sent you'll receive an email with your tracking number so you can follow your box's progress to your door! with both services, the post office drops off the box without signature confirmation. to find out more about our shipping guidelines, you can click here. birchboxes are like magazines - they arrive every month! your first birchbox will ship from our facilities by the 10th day of the month after you sign up, and every month thereafter as long as your membership is active. you can expect your shipment to arrive 5-10 business days after it's shipped. yes! with every birchbox and full-size order that we ship to you, you will receive tracking information via email upon its shipment. you can locate your birchbox tracking number on the my account page, where you'll see your box's tracking number on your birchbox preview for the month. if your tracking number begins with the numbers '91,' your birchbox will be shipping through streamlite (www.streamliteinc.com) and then usps once it reaches your local post office. if your tracking number begins with '94,' your birchbox will be shipping via usps only (www.usps.com). you can make changes to your billing and shipping addresses in your account page underneath your membership status. make sure to make all address changes (and credit card changes if necessary!) by the last day of the month. billing and printing of labels both occur on the first of the month, so if you haven't made these changes, your birchbox will go to the previous address we had on file for you. we know you love your samples, so we want to make it easy for you to order full-size versions. every month, all the birchbox monthly picks, the products sampled in that month's batch of birchboxes, ship for free (minimum order quantity conditions may apply to some products). you have a full month to get free shipping on full-size versions of these samples - the promotion lasts through the 10th day of the month after you received your box. in addition, any order $50 and over ships for free - even if the products are not birchbox monthly picks. all other orders that do not qualify for free shipping will ship for a low flat fee of $5. oops! if you forgot to include an item in your order, give us a call immediately: 877-487-7272. as long as the items haven't been shipped, we should be able to include them in the original order. yes! on full size shipments our partnership with ups allows us to have your item in your hands the business day following when your order was placed (when order is placed by 6am m-f it ships that day, arriving the following business day). unfortunately we do not offer expedited shipping for your monthly birchbox. to make your birchbox shopping experience even more enjoyable, we have streamlined our shipping rates: next day delivery is $22 through ups for your full order regardless of quantity or value, and 2nd day delivery is $15. you will receive a confirmation email after your order has shipped containing a ups tracking number that you can use to track your shipment’s journey. it may even arrive before you’ve opened your email! for standard usps we suggest you place your order before 12/19. for ups 2nd day air we suggest you place your order before 12/21. for ups next day delivery we suggest you place your order before 12/22. please also note that some products contain hazardous materials. due to their nature, these products must be shipped via usps parcel post and can take anywhere from 2-10 business days to arrive, depending on zone. these items are noted on their product page, and must be ordered by 6 am est on 12/14 for 12/24 delivery. the surprise is all part of the fun! that's why we keep the products secret until you receive them. still curious? check out the list of our brand partners and products in the shop to get a sense for what we have sent in the past. yes we do customize the boxes - that's why filling out your beauty profile is so important! some samples are sent to everyone - these products are chosen carefully to ensure that they'll work for a wide range of styles, skin types, and colorings. other samples are chosen specifically for your beauty needs and style. we are also truly committed to never sending you the same sample twice! please contact us if this happens. we hope you do! but if you don't, please tell us! feedback is important to us and we promise to respond. in the meantime, pass the samples on to some lucky friends! we won't leave you high and dry! birchbox.com has detailed information on how to get the most out of your samples. in the shop section of our site, visit the product page for your sample and read the 'how it works' and 'how to use' sections. you'll also see links to relevant videos and articles. visit the magazine section for even more beauty inspiration: interviews, editor picks, pro tips, and tons of how-to videos. you can buy full-size versions of your sample in the birchbox shop. you earn a point for every dollar spent and 100 points translates to $10 to spend on more full-size products. learn the details and and more ways to earn points here. we try our best to only send you products that fit your beauty needs, skin color, and hair type. fill out your beauty profile to ensure that we can pick samples that will work for you. unfortunately, we are not able to guarantee that your box won't contain any specific products or ingredients. because we take allergies seriously and we don't want to over-promise and under-deliver, we can no longer accommodate allergies. we understand if that makes it hard for you to begin or continue our service, but we hope you'll stick with it and we encourage you to give the occasional trouble products away to a friend! if you do have known allergies to certain products/ingredients, we highly suggest that you first check the product's ingredients before you test out your sample. a list of ingredients can be found on every product's page in our birchbox shop. we strive to be an environmentally responsible company, and have introduced recycled packaging and many organic and all-natural products. unfortunately, we cannot promise to deliver only eco-friendly products at this time. it's easy! for every 100 points you earn, you get $10 off a full-size product order. you can check your points any time by logging in to your account. there are many ways to earn birchbox points. you receive 1 point for each dollar spent on full-size products in the birchbox shop. if you're a birchbox monthly subscriber or yearly member, you can invite friends to join birchbox with your unique friend referral link and you'll receive 50 points for each friend that signs up after their first box has shipped. you'll also receive 10 points for every product feedback survey you complete. unfortunately, you only earn 10 points for your first month if you have a recurring subscription. sign up for a year or upgrade and you'll earn 110 points right away. your 50 birchbox points will be updated automatically by the end of the same month that your referred friend receives their first birchbox. thanks for spreading the birchbox love! redeeming your birchbox points is easy! simply add items to your shopping cart, and click the 'checkout' button (if you're not already signed in, the next screen will prompt you to sign in to your account). continue through the checkout process. when you get to the payment information section, you'll see a box that that says 'use my rewards points.' when you click it, your points will be used and the dollar value will be deducted from your order total. done! visit our birchbox points page to see a screenshot. the $10 reward can only be applied to full-size products. unfortunately, our system isn't set up to use birchbox points for a monthly box. you'll receive 10 birchbox points for each eligible product feedback survey. your account will be updated within 1-2 business days with your points. please note that to be eligible to receive points for your feedback: 1) you must be a current monthly or yearly member in good standing; and 2) you must have received the product sample from birchbox; and 3) you must fill out the feedback survey within 30 days of receipt of your sample (ie: from june 10th-july 10th for the june birchbox). filling out the feedback surveys is easy! just log on to your birchbox account, and click on box in the main navigation bar. from there, you should see a list of your birchbox contents for the month. click on the corresponding product link for which you wish to leave feedback. the link will bring you to a product page where you'll see a feedback link on the lower right hand side of the page. please keep in mind that product feedback is only accepted during the month in which the product is being sampled (ie: from june 10th-july 10th for the june birchbox). after the month ends, the products are no longer eligible for feedback. the magazine section of our site is filled with inspiring articles and videos to get you on your way to beauty mavendom. think makeup artists secrets, beauty news, exclusive internviews, and how-to videos on everything from red lips to false eyelashes. plus, check out our blog for day-to-day discoveries and behind the scenes peeks. unfortunately, due to a number of security issues with internet explorer our website does not always support the browser. for this reason, you may find that your shopping cart does not show the proper contents, or that entering your billing information is problematic. we highly suggest using firefox or google chrome (both safe! both free!) when accessing birchbox.com. current partners are listed on our brand page. we're very excited to partner with companies that we know and love. our list is growing quickly! if there is a brand you'd like to see included in birchbox, let us know! send a note to .(javascript must be enabled to view this email address). membership does come with benefits! we have birchbox points, a generous rewards program that gives you many ways to earn points that can be redeemed for full-size product. every month, shipping is free on all full-size versions of the birchbox monthly picks - all the products sampled in the boxes that month. we also offer free shipping on all orders $50 and over, all the time. you can read our full shipping guidelines here. we also have special promotions that we'll tell you about via email - one more reason to keep checking your inbox! we know you love your samples, so we want to make it easy for you to order full-size versions. every month, all the birchbox monthly picks, which are the products sampled in that month's batch of birchboxes, ship for free (minimum order quantity conditions may apply to some products). you have a full month to get free shipping on full-size versions of these samples - the promotion lasts through the 10th day of the month after you received your box. and, as always, any order $50 and over ships for free - even if the products are not birchbox monthly picks. all other orders that do not qualify for free shipping will ship for a low flat fee of $5. read our full shipping guidelines here. if you are not 100% satisfied with your full-size product purchase, you can return it to birchbox for a full refund within 90 days of the purchase date. return shipping is free of charge to you. if you're not happy with your full-size product, for any reason, just contact us at .(javascript must be enabled to view this email address) and we will provide you with a free return label. once your return is received and inspected your refund will be processed and a credit will be automatically applied to your credit card or original method of payment within 7 days. please note that depending on your credit card company, it may take an additional 2-10 business days after your credit is applied for it to post to your account. note: please do not send your purchase back to the manufacturer. if you have any issues with your order, please give us a call at 877-487-7272. we will do our very best to accommodate your request and provide you with a shipping return label for a return/exchange if necessary. please see our return policy in the question below for more information about returns. we do offer gift cards! the gift card holder can redeem the gift card for products in our shop. birchbox gift subscriptions can also be purchased through our gifting page. you can gift a birchbox subscription for 3, 6, or 12 months. for more information, please visit the gifting page. if you have any questions regarding your gift, please contact us at .(javascript must be enabled to view this email address) or toll free at 877-487-7272. don't worry - if you forgot to place your promo code, contact us as soon as possible via phone (877-487-7272) and have your order number ready. we will do our best to fulfill it! oh no! if your promo code doesn't work, call us right away and we'll help with your order over the phone. so sorry! if you do not use the promo code while it's active, there's always next time! birchbox gift e-cards never expire! enjoy shopping now, or save the card for a rainy day! to use your gift e-card, first locate your gift code on the email you received. right before checking out with your items, you must apply your gift code in your cart. simply enter the code in the ‘gift cards’ field and select 'apply code.' the balance available on your gift e-card is applied to your cost summary and your grand total will be updated accordingly. you can use your gift e-card to purchase any products in our shop! however, monthly recurring subscriptions and gift subscriptions cannot be purchased using a gift e-card. gift e-cards can only be redeemed for products in our shop. gift e-cards cannot be used for monthly recurring subscriptions or gift subscriptions. unused credit on your gift e-card may be applied to subsequent purchases. simply apply your gift e-card while it’s in your cart and your remaining balance will be applied to your cost summary. yes! by clicking the “x” next to the gift card amount in the cost summary of your cart, the gift e-card will not be applied towards your purchase. you can check your gift e-card balance by accessing your cart, entering your code into the ‘gift cards’ field and clicking 'check card balance.’ make sure that your cart has at least one item in it to access the gift e-card balance. so sorry! we must have the recipient’s email address in order to send out their gift e-card. purchases made with gift e-cards are not eligible for birchbox points. however, points can still be earned whenever you purchase a gift e-card. first, check that your gift e-card has an available balance and that you are entering the code exactly as it appears in your gift e-card email. if you continue to have difficulty please send an email to .(javascript must be enabled to view this email address) or call us toll free at 877-487-7272. gift subscriptions cannot be redeemed for cash or other products in our shop. if you already have an existing birchbox subscription and have been gifted a subscription, please email us .(javascript must be enabled to view this email address) or call us at 877-487-7272 to arrange for an alternative. if you have a gift subscription, it will expire after you receive your last box in the mail. after you receive your last box, you can re-subscribe and become a monthly or yearly recurring subscriber. just go to http://www.birchbox.com/join or feel free to call us at 877-487-7272! not a problem! if you do not have your recipient’s email address, we do require their shipping address in order to start their gift subscription. if you do not supply your recipient’s shipping address, we will need their email address in order to send them notification of their gift. yes! select the option to “send the first box to me and send all subsequent boxes to the recipient” when deciding where to send your birchbox gift and we will send you the first box to deliver at your leisure. not a problem! visit our redemption page and submit your email address to have another redemption link sent. login or create an account log in email password log in forgot password? sign up create a free account to check out faster, store multiple shipping addresses, view and track your orders in your account, and much more. join now received a gift? redeem now! ©birchbox 2011 about faq press blog jobs contact join gift policies follow us twitter facebook youtube foursquare birchbox brings you the best in beauty monthly deliveries of high-end beauty samples from the newest and best brands, plus plenty of expert tips and tricks. every month, receive a box filled with 4-5 deluxe beauty samples. choose between yearly and monthly subscription plans, and fill out your beauty profile to get products picked especially for you. pick up full-size versions of your favorite samples in the birchbox shop, and discover new favorites. every purchase earns you birchbox points that can be used toward more full-size product. dive into our online magazine and videos. we've got expert tips, tricks, and tutorials to help you get the most out of your products and stay on top of trends. earn dollars to spend in the birchbox shop with our generous birchbox points program. shop, review products, or refer friends to rack up points. want to learn even more? read about us or watch our video click here to close sign up for birchbox membership options want to sign up for a year and be done with it? looking for more flexibility? whatever your style, we have a plan for you. membership benefits monthly birchbox with 4-5 luxe beauty samples website filled with expert tips, tricks, and tutorials $10 off full-size products for every 100 birchbox points points for referring friends, buying products, and more yearly membership monthly subscription $110 for 12 months $10 recurring 100 bonus birchbox points 10 bonus birchbox points transfer any time cancel any time yearly — $110/year - or - gift — $110 monthly — $10/month redeem birchbox gift subscription click here to close