来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20131231224157/http://www.birchbox.com/about/faq
================================================================================

frequently asked questions free standard shipping on full-size orders $50+ cart 0 login account settings favorites purchase history points history refer friends, earn points! log out shop magazine box gift subscribe all women men women shop by brand men shop by brand body fragrance hair home & food lifestyle accessories makeup nails skincare tools $25 and under best sellers birchbox exclusives bonus shop customer pics january's top 10s free shipping what's new january's box beard & shave body fragrance gadgets & games hair home skincare style tools $25 and under best sellers birchbox exclusives bonus shop find your hairstyle free shipping january's top 10s what's new january's box women's magazine men's guide january's issue birchbox contributors how-to hair style makeup skincare trends blog video view all january's issue grooming how-to style video view all women's box subscribe men's box subscribe subscribe today   monthly or yearly options available   join now > login or create an account log in email password remember me log in forgot password? sign up create a free account to check out faster, store multiple shipping addresses, view and track your orders in your account, and much more. join now received a gift? redeem now! confirm password please enter your password to continue. password invalid password continue about what is birchbox? meet the team careers life @ birchbox tech openings press faq contact us terms rewards privacy frequently asked questions membership i just signed up for a birchbox subscription! what will i receive? every month, you'll receive a box filled with 4-5 beauty, grooming, and lifestyle samples from both up-and-coming and well known brands. each delivery will include a mix of categories. samples are generously sized, with enough product to allow you to figure out if they're right for you. you'll also want to take advantage of birchbox.com, which is packed with product information and tips, including expert interviews, helpful tutorials, and engaging videos. i requested an invite. what's next? we will contact you as soon as your birchbox subscription is available. the typical wait is two weeks for a women’s subscription and two weeks for a men’s subscription. please note, requesting an invite does not create an account with birchbox. to ensure a hassle-free check out when claiming your subscription, we recommend creating an account. i requested an invite to subscribe to birchbox. does this mean i have an account? no. requesting an invite does not automatically create your account. to create your account either: during checkout, select 'create an account' and follow the prompts; or at any time, visit our account creation page. is birchbox available outside the us? yes. birchbox is now available in france, spain and the uk. please note: birchbox subscriptions are non-transferable across markets. how do i fill out my beauty/grooming profile for my subscription? your profile is available as soon as you create a birchbox account. this profile is a short questionnaire regarding your beauty/grooming preferences and will help us get to know you better. you can find your profile by clicking on "account settings" in your account. click "edit profile," fill out the questionnaire, and then save your preferences. please note that some questions allow you to choose multiple answers. can i choose or opt out of certain samples each month? boxes always contain 4-5 samples from a mix of different categories (skincare, haircare, fragrance, lifestyle, etc.). there is no option to opt out of a given category. we're a full discovery service and experimentation is part of the fun! when it comes to specific products within these categories, we do our best to match to your individual needs such as your style and skin type. to receive samples suited to your preferences, please fill out your beauty/grooming profile. get ready to discover! are there any hidden fees? nope—all you pay is your subscription fee. there are no shipping or handling fees for the monthly birchbox. please note that in ny, nj, ma and va sales tax may apply. when can i expect my first shipment? check your order confirmation for an estimated shipping date. all birchboxes ship from our east coast facilities and should arrive an estimated 5-10 business days after they ship. you will receive an email with a tracking number so you can follow your box's progress. when will i be billed for the monthly recurring membership? when you place your order for the monthly membership, you will be billed for your first birchbox immediately. for the women’s birchbox, you will be billed on the first day of each month after your first shipment. for the men’s birchbox, you will be billed on the 15th of each following month. how do i update my billing? updating your billing information is easy! simply log into your account at birchbox.com. you will see a link on your "my account" page with the heading "update subscription billing info." click on this link, enter your new information, and hit save. done! if you do not see this option in your account, please give us a call at 877-487-7272 m-f from 9a-5p est. when will i be billed for my yearly recurring subscription? all annual subscriptions automatically renew at the end of every 12-month period so that you'll never miss a box (except gift subscriptions—see next question). we'll remind you via email when the auto-renew is about to happen. yearly subscribers may choose to opt out of auto-renewal by clicking the 'opt out of auto renewal' link under 'account settings'. this link is available during the final month of your annual subscription. to opt out earlier, contact us at 877-487-7272 (9a-5p est m-f) or email us at info@birchbox.com. this will prevent your annual subscription from automatically renewing at the end of the year. if i have a gift subscription, what happens when i reach my last month? if you have a gift subscription, it will be terminated after you receive your last box. after your last box is received, you can re-subscribe and become a regular recurring subscriber. if you already have an account, log in to birchbox.com and go to the ‘join’ tab to re-subscribe. don’t hesitate to call us at 877-487-7272 for assistance or to place your order over the phone. what is your cancellation policy? monthly members can cancel their birchbox subscription at any time. there are no cancellation fees. simply go to your account page and look for the 'cancel subscription' link under birchbox membership details. click to submit your cancellation. you can also contact us at info@birchbox.com to cancel. if you would like to cancel your monthly subscription, make sure to send in your cancellation request before 12 am eastern standard time on the day before rebilling, otherwise you will continue to be billed for the following birchbox. yearly subscribers may cancel only during the first month of their subscription. after this date, yearly subscribers are not eligible to cancel their subscription. yearly subscribers may choose to opt out of auto-renew by contacting us at 877-487-7272. this will prevent your annual subscription from automatically renewing at the end of the year. shipping where does birchbox ship? and how? we currently ship only to the united states, its territories, and apo boxes. women's and men's monthly shipments are delivered by usps. every month, once your box is sent you'll receive an email with your tracking number so you can follow your box's progress to your door! please note: shipments to alaska, hawaii, us territories, and apo boxes may take an extra 4-6 weeks to be delivered. to find out more about our shipping guidelines, you can click here. what are the dimensions of birchbox shipments? birchbox for women measures 7" x 5" x 2". birchbox man measures 8" x 5.5" x 2.5". full-size shipments will vary in size! does birchbox ship internationally? currently, birchbox does not operate shipments outside of the us and us territories. for international purchases we operate as birchbox uk, birchbox france and birchbox spain. when can i expect my first shipment? birchboxes are like magazines—they arrive once a month! look to your order confirmation to reference the date your first birchbox will ship. for the women’s birchbox, all subsequent boxes will ship from our facilities around the 10th day of the month as long as your membership is active. for the men’s birchbox, all subsequent boxes will ship around the 25th of the month. you can expect your shipment to arrive 5-10 business days after it's shipped. we will always provide you with birchbox tracking information. what if i want to change my address? you can make changes to your billing and shipping addresses in your account page underneath your membership status. for women’s subscriptions, make sure to make all address changes by the 25th day of the month. for men’s subscriptions, be sure to do so before the 10th of each month. what is your shipping policy? do you offer free shipping? we know you love your samples, so we want to make it easy for you to order full-size versions. every month, the products sampled in that month's batch of birchboxes, ship for free (minimum order quantity conditions may apply to some products). you have a full month to get free shipping on full-size versions of these samples. for women’s subscriptions, the promotion lasts through the 10th day of the month after you received your box. for men’s subscriptions, the promotion lasts through the 25th day of the month after the box is received. any order $50 and over always ships for free—even if the products are not birchbox monthly picks. all other orders that do not qualify for free shipping will ship for a flat fee of $5. do you offer expedited shipping? yes! our partnership with ups will allow you to expedite your order. the shipping options will generate approximate arrival dates for your order.unfortunately we do not offer expedited shipping for your monthly birchbox. samples will you tell me what is coming in my box ahead of time? can i choose? the surprise is part of the fun! that's why we keep the products secret until you receive them. still curious? check out the list of our brand partners and products in the birchbox shop to get a sense for what we have sent in the past. what if i don't know what to do with my samples? we won't leave you high and dry! birchbox.com has detailed information on how to get the most out of your samples. in the shop section of our site, visit the product page for your sample and read the 'how it works' and 'how to use' sections. you'll also see links to relevant videos and articles. visit the magazine section for even more beauty and grooming inspiration: interviews, editor picks, pro tips, and tons of how-to videos. this sample rocks! where do i buy it? you can buy full-size versions of your sample in the birchbox shop. you earn a point for every dollar spent and 100 points translates to $10 to spend on more full-size products. learn the details and more ways to earn points here. i'm a woman/man of color. will birchbox fit my needs? we try our best to only send you products that fit your beauty/grooming needs, skin color, and hair type. fill out your profile to ensure that we can pick samples that will work for you. i have allergies to certain products and ingredients. what do i do? unfortunately, we are not able to guarantee that your box won't contain any specific products or ingredients. if you do have known allergies to certain products/ingredients, we highly suggest that you first check the product's ingredients before you test out your sample. is birchbox an eco-friendly company? how do i request eco-friendly samples only? we strive to be an environmentally responsible company. we offset the carbon emissions from our shipment, use recycled packaging and often sample organic and all-natural products. unfortunately, we cannot promise to deliver only eco-friendly samples at this time. birchbox points how does the birchbox points program work? it's easy! for every 100 points you earn, you get $10 off a full-size product order. you can check your points any time by logging in to your account. how do i earn birchbox points? there are many ways to earn birchbox points. you receive 1 point for each dollar spent on full-size products in the birchbox shop. you can also invite friends to join birchbox with your unique friend referral link. and finally, you'll also receive 10 points for every sample review you complete. do birchbox points expire? if your birchbox points go unused, they will expire a year from the date that they were earned. for example, if you earned your points on january 1st, 2013, they will expire on december 31st, 2013. can i transfer birchbox points between birchbox accounts? so sorry! we are no longer able to transfer points between accounts. each point awarded is account specific and they are nontransferable. do i earn points for each monthly subscription charge? upon your initial purchase, you will earn 10 points for your women's recurring subscription and 20 points for your men's recurring subscription. you will not automatically receive 10 (women's) or 20 (men's) points, respectively, in the subsequent months of your membership. instead, you can earn 40+ points each month by filling out the product reviews. do i earn review points for full size products i receive with my gift subscription? points cannot be earned on full size items accompanying your gift subscription. however, you can earn points after reviewing the samples received in your gift boxes! when will i receive my birchbox points for my friend referral? your 50 birchbox points will be updated automatically once your referred friend purchases his/her subscription. thanks for spreading the word about birchbox! please note: friend referral points only accrue from monthly and yearly recurring subscriptions purchased by your friend. gift subscriptions do not apply. how do i redeem my birchbox points? redeeming your birchbox points is easy! simply add items to your shopping cart, and click the 'check out' button (if you're not already signed in, the next screen will prompt you to sign in to your account). continue through the checkout process. when you get to the payment information section, you'll see a box that that says 'use my rewards points.' when you click it, your points will be used and the dollar value will be deducted from your order total. done! visit our birchbox points page to see a screenshot. please note that birchbox points can only be used in increments of 100 (ie: 200 birchbox points will be applied to cover a purchase of $16.99). can i redeem my birchbox points for monthly and/or yearly subscriptions? the $10 reward can only be applied to full-size products, gift cards, and gift subscriptions. points and/or store credit cannot be applied to monthly or yearly subscription orders. how many birchbox points do i earn for reviewing my samples? you'll receive 10 birchbox points for each eligible sample review. your account will be updated within 1-2 business days with your points. please note that to be eligible to receive points for your reviews: 1) you must be a current monthly, yearly, or gift member in good standing; and 2) you must have received the product sample from birchbox; and 3) you must fill out the review within the 30 day sample window (ie: for women, from june 10th-july 10th for the june birchbox; for men, from may 25th-june 25th). website how and where do i fill out reviews for my birchbox samples? reviewing your samples is easy! just log on to your birchbox account, and click on box in the main navigation bar. from there, you should see a list of your birchbox contents for the month. click on the corresponding product link for which you wish to review. the link will bring you to a product page where you'll see a 'review' link on the lower right hand side of the page. please keep in mind that reviews are only accepted during the month in which the product is being sampled (ie: for women, from june 10th-july 10th for the june birchbox; for men, from june 25th-july 25th). after the month ends, the products are no longer eligible for review. what browsers do you recommend for optimal use of birchbox.com? for optimal use of birchbox.com we recommend accessing the website using firefox or google chrome. at this time, due to heightened security, our site is not 100% compatible with internet explorer and for this reason, you may have issues entering in your billing information. by changing the compatibility setting on your browser, you'll be able to proceed to checkout and place your order. birchbox shop where can i find a list of brands you work with? current partners are listed on our brand page (shop > shop by brand). we're very excited to partner with companies that we know and love. our list is growing quickly! if there is a brand you'd like to see included in birchbox, let us know! send a note to info@birchbox.com. is there a sales tax charge on full-size orders? great question! purchases in the shop that ship to ma, nj, ny, and va will be charged sales tax on their orders. what is your return policy? if you are not 100% satisfied with your full-size product purchase, contact info@birchbox.com. you can return it to birchbox for a full refund within 90 days of the purchase date. return shipping is free of charge. please allow 10 business days for the return to be processed once it is received at our warehouse. after your return is received and inspected, your refund will be processed and a credit will be automatically applied to your credit card or original method of payment. please note, the original shipping and handling fees are non-refundable. items purchased with a gwp can only be refunded with the gwp included in your return. gwps purchased at full-price are eligible for a full refund. do you offer exchanges on full-size products? if you would like to request an exchange, please contact info@birchbox.com. can i pay with the credit card saved with my subscription? most birchbox subscribers can quickly checkout using the credit card details we have stored for your monthly payment. if you would like to use a different credit card simply select "use different credit card" at checkout and enter your card details. promotions what is your promotion code policy? we will honor any orders placed 3 days prior to the promotion release date. if you forgot to use your promo code, contact us as soon as possible via phone (877-487-7272) and have your order number ready. we will do our best to fulfill it! what if my promo code doesn't work? oh no! be sure to check that you’re logged into your birchbox account before pressing "apply coupon." if the issue persists, give us a call right away at 877-487-7272 and we'll help you with your order over the phone. can i apply more than one promotion code for a single order? so sorry! only one coupon code can be applied per order. gift cards when does my gift card expire? birchbox gift cards never expire! enjoy shopping now, or save the card for a rainy day! how do i use my gift card? you can use your gift card to purchase any products in our shop! they cannot be used to purchase monthly or yearly recurring subscriptions. unused credit on your gift card may be applied to subsequent purchases. simply apply your gift card while it’s in your cart and your remaining balance will be applied to your cost summary. how can i check my gift card balance? you can check your gift card balance by accessing your cart, entering your code into the "gift cards" field and clicking "check card balance." make sure that your cart has at least one item in it to access the gift card balance. do i earn birchbox points for purchases made with gift cards? purchases made with gift cards are not eligible for birchbox points. however, points can still be earned whenever you purchase a gift card. i'm having trouble using my gift card to place an order. what should i do? first, check that your gift e-card has an available balance and that you are entering the code exactly as it appears in your gift e-card email. if you continue to have difficulty please send an email to info@birchbox.com or call us toll free at 877-487-7272. gift subscriptions do i have to wait to receive an invitation to purchase a gift subscription? gift subscriptions can be purchased immediately through birchbox.com. no need to join the list! can i purchase a gift subscription for myself? birchbox gift subscriptions are designed to be sent to a unique recipient. if you have purchased a gift subscription for yourself, you will be unable to redeem this gift subscription into your own account. please contact customer service toll-free at 877-487-7272 or email info@birchbox.com to get further assistance. what is a welcome box? a "welcome box" is a birchbox filled with our best sellers that work for everyone. a welcome box is the first box sent for all gift subscriptions. am i able to gift a monthly birchbox subscription? so sorry, monthly subscriptions cannot be gifted. you can, however, choose from 3, 6, and 12-month gift options. where can i send a gift subscription? gift subscriptions can be shipped anywhere within the united states, as well as apos and fpos. sadly, we are unable to ship gifts to us territories including guam, puerto rico, and the virgin islands. for international gifts, please refer to birchbox uk, birchbox france or birchbox spain. how far in advance am i able to order a gift? gift subscription orders can be placed up to three months in advance. can i extend my recipient's gift subscription? gift subscriptions can be extended! this option is available by logging into your birchbox account and viewing all purchased gifts. the option to extend the gift should be on the far right of your gift purchase history. please note that it is important for your gift recipient to claim their initial gift subscription to their account on birchbox.com before proceeding with the extension. by following this procedure, this will eliminate the receipt of a second 'welcome box.' can i cancel a gift subscription? gift subscriptions cannot be cancelled and are non-refundable. can i send a gift message inside the first gift box? a gift message can be included through an e-card in placing your order and can only be sent out if the email address of your gift recipient is included. the e-card will also contain gift-redemption instructions. do i get referral points if i referred my friend and he/she purchases a gift subscription? birchbox referral points only apply in the purchase of a monthly or yearly recurring birchbox subscription. when do gift boxes ship? the first box of a gift subscription is shipped on the date of your choosing. it can take 5-10 business days for the package to be delivered once it has shipped. all subsequent boxes will be shipped according to the birchbox monthly shipping cycle (around the 10th of the month). what happens when my gift subscription ends? if you have a gift subscription, it will expire after you receive your last box in the mail. after you receive your last box, you can re-subscribe and become a monthly or yearly recurring subscriber. if you redeemed your gift subscription, simply log into your account and click on the 'join' tab to purchase a subscription. don’t hesitate to call us at 877-487-7272 if you need further assistance! what if i don't know my recipient's email address for their gift subscription? not a problem! if you do not have your recipient’s email address, we do require their shipping address in order to start their gift subscription. what if i don't know my recipient's shipping address? if you do not supply your recipient’s shipping address, we will need their email address in order to send them notification of their gift. can i receive the first birchbox and give it to my recipient in person? yes! select the option to “send the first box to me and send all subsequent boxes to the recipient” when deciding where to send your birchbox gift and we will send you the first box to deliver at your leisure. what service is used to ship the first gift box? the first birchbox of any gift subscription is always a “welcome” box. these boxes ship from our facilities and are delivered by usps. if you have further questions, please don’t hesitate to give us a call at 877-487-7272. will i be notified when the first birchbox ships? yes! you will receive shipping notification via email when the first birchbox ships! how will the gift recipient know to redeem their gift code? the recipient will receive instructions on how to redeem their gift code with their e-card if you have included their email in the gift order process. if their email has been omitted, you will receive email instructions on redeeming the gift code, which you can forward on to the recipient at your own discretion. messaging in their welcome box will also prompt them to redeem their subscription online. i've lost my redemption link. what should i do to activate my account? not a problem! visit our redemption page and submit your email address to have another redemption link sent. what if the gift recipient does not complete the redemption process? not to worry! your recipient’s boxes will continue coming; however, if they would like to receive boxes according to a profile for customization they must complete the redemption process. will i be able to leave reviews on my first birchbox? yes, you can review your first month's samples. if you're having trouble viewing your first shipment, please contact info@birchbox.com. can gift recipients fill out their own profile? yes! gift recipients will have the opportunity to fill out their profile after they receive their first birchbox and complete the gift redemption process. can a gift recipient change their shipping address after their boxes start shipping? as long as the gift recipient redeems their gift code under a birchbox account, they will be able to change their shipping information at any time. if a recipient does not redeem their gift code, they should be in contact with customer service to change their shipping address. customer reviews how do i write a review? writing a review couldn't be easier. full-size products in the birchbox shop may be reviewed at any time, regardless of whether you've sampled or purchased them through birchbox. all reviews must comply with our review guidelines. to write a review, visit the product detail page for the item you wish to review. then: select the 'write a review' link or button and log in to your birchbox account if prompted. rate the item out of 5, leave a comment of 20 words or more and give your review a title (this month's sampled products will require you to complete the product survey as well). enter a nickname for your public profile if you haven't previously saved one. submit your review. once submitted, each review is processed and may take up to 72 hours to become available on birchbox. approved reviews are published along with profile information, such as hair color and skin type, if you have chosen to share your profile. content is rejected for being irrelevant, offensive, promotional in nature, inclusive of links or otherwise inappropriate for publication. if a review is overly focused on the sample instead of the product attributes that may be rejected as well. how do i edit a review? reviews may not be edited at this time. how can i delete a review? please contact us by email at info@birchbox.com and supply your customer details (either email or nickname) as well as the product reviewed. your review will be removed within 2 business days. what is a nickname? your nickname is the public name you associate with your public contributions to birchbox, including customer reviews. you are asked to pick a nickname the first time you write a review. nicknames are not required to be unique; they may be either your real-world name or a pseudonym. to edit your nickname, please contact us by email on info@birchbox.com and supply your customer details (either email or nickname) and your preferred nickname. your nickname will be updated within 2 business days. can i submit an anonymous review? reviews will always display using your nickname. your nickname may be a real name or a pseudonym. why isn't my review appearing on the birchbox? each review is processed to ensure inappropriate content is not posted on birchbox. processing may take up to 72 hours. once completed your review will be available on birchbox. how many times can i review products? you may review each sample you receive once. if you receive a variation of the same product in a subsequent birchbox you will be able to review the sample again. full-size products may only be reviewed once each. reviews of samples do not affect this count. do i earn points for reviews? you will continue to leave feedback on sampled products via the product survey. you earn 10 points for every eligible product review completed. to be eligible to earn 10 points, you must be a current monthly or yearly member in good standing; you must have received the product sample from birchbox; and you must fill out the review within 30 days of receipt of your sample. reviews submitted after 30 days of receipt of your sample, or prior to a product being sampled, are not eligible to earn points. no points are earned when submitting a full-size product review. why is my profile information shared? your profile is shared because you gave birchbox permission to use your profile information when posting reviews publicly. this permission was granted either by selecting the 'profile sharing permission' checkbox when leaving feedback or by setting your profile sharing in your account. how can i choose what profile information to share? your profile sharing settings are accessible through your account on birchbox. in your account settings select 'edit your profile sharing settings' and update as appropriate. if choosing to share your profile the following attributes are displayed: beauty style grooming style skin type skin tone hair type hair color age range why is my previous sample feedback now visible on the site as a review? your previous sample reviews are being displayed because you gave birchbox permission to share your historical reviews with the birchbox community as a public review. why are my men's reviews posted using my women's nickname? at this time, only a single profile is available for each account. each profile is capable of only one nickname and all reviews must be posted using this nickname. about brands mobile apps faq careers contact received a gift? press blog telephone(877) 487 7272m-f 9am-5pm estemailinfo@birchbox.cominfo@birchbox.com facebook twitter pinterest youtube youtube usa france spain uk terms privacy made in nyc © 2013 birchbox