来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20141230192905/https://www.birchbox.com/about/privacy-policy
================================================================================

privacy policy | birchbox account settings favorites purchase history points history refer friends, earn points! log out psst, pass it on! earn 50 birchbox points for every friend that purchases a subscription. loading your cart... shop holiday magazine box gift subscribe your box all women men women shop by brand men shop by brand body fragrance hair home & food lifestyle accessories makeup nails skincare tools $25 and under best sellers birchbox exclusives bonus shop holiday gifts limited edition boxes value kits what's new november's box beard & shave body fragrance gadgets & games hair home skincare style tools $25 and under best sellers birchbox exclusives bonus shop holiday gifts travel essentials value kits what's new december's box gift a subscription shop women’s shop men’s women's magazine men's guide featuredthe makeup brushes you need and how to use them featuredhow to: find the best beard style for your face shape november's issue how-to hair style makeup skincare trends video view all december's issue grooming how-to style video view all women's box subscribe men's box subscribe login or create an account log in email password remember me log in forgot password? sign up create a free account to check out faster, store multiple shipping addresses, view and track your orders in your account, and much more. join now received a gift? redeem now! confirm password please enter your password to continue. password invalid password continue about what is birchbox? meet the team careers life @ birchbox tech openings press faq contact us terms rewards privacy privacy policy birchbox inc. (“birchbox”, “we” or “us”), the operator of this web site, is committed to preserving the privacy of those who visit www.birchbox.com site (the “site”). this document will outline how we gather and utilize various sources of information obtained during your visit to the site. we adhere to the safe harbor agreement concerning the transfer of personal data from the european union (“eu”) to the united states of america. accordingly, we follow the safe harbor principles published by the u.s. department of commerce (the “principles”) with respect to all such data. if there is any conflict between the policies in this privacy policy and the principles, the principles shall govern. this privacy policy applies solely to information collected at this site, and is made a part of and incorporated into the site terms and conditions. this privacy policy communicates how, when, and why we gather information about our customers and what we do with it. this privacy policy does not apply to other websites to which we link. you agree that your use of the site signifies your assent to this privacy policy. if you do not agree with this privacy policy, you are not authorized to use this site. information collected if you subscribe to birchbox and/or place an order through birchbox.com, we will ask you for your name, e-mail address, shipping address, telephone number and credit card information or certain other personally identifiable information about yourself ("personal information"). we use this information to process and fulfill your order and to notify you of your order status. all archived credit card information is maintained in a secure and safe environment. telephone numbers and e-mail addresses are used to contact you regarding your order. in addition, when you respond to a contest, survey, questionnaire, sweepstakes or other promotional feature, we may ask you for your name, address and email address or other personal information. we do not collect any personal information about you unless it is voluntarily provided by you. birchbox will never sell, rent or share your personal information, including your e-mail address, with any third parties for marketing purposes without your express permission. in addition, we may also collect non-personally identifiable information, such as ip host address, pages viewed, browser type, duration and frequency of visits, and other data, and may aggregate any information collected in a manner which does not identify any individual ("aggregate information"). information obtained in connection with the site may be intermingled with and used by us in conjunction with information obtained through sources other than the site, including both offline and online sources. how we use your information we will not share or disclose your information to anyone except as described in this privacy policy. we use personal information in order to give you a more enjoyable convenient shopping experience and to help us identify and/or provide information, products or services that may be of interest to you. we use your personal information to support and enhance your use of the site and its features, including without limitation: fulfilling your order; providing customer service; tracking email invitations you send; and otherwise supporting your use of the site. we may also track your past purchases to provide you with a personalized profile of your shopping history. in addition, we may notify you about new services or special promotional programs, or send you offers or information. in connection with their performance of services to maintain and operate the site and certain features on the site, certain trusted third parties may be permitted to access your information. for example, we may use third parties to host the site; operate various features available on the site; send emails; analyze data; provide search results and links and assist in fulfilling your orders. unless you specifically consent to the disclosure of your personal information, aside from us, only our affiliates, technical consultants, third party auditors and other third parties who make our site available, enhance its functionality, assist with the processing of your purchases, or provide associated services and/or who deal with you in delivering content, samples, products, gifts and prizes, have access to this information, and we require them to agree that they are covered by this policy. please note that birchbox reserves the right to and may disclose personal information about you in response to (a) requests from local, state or federal law enforcement officials; (b) any judicial, administrative or similar proceeding or order, such as subpoena; (c) if required by law; or (d) to investigate suspected fraud, harassment, physical threats, or other violations of any law, rule or regulation, the site rules or policies, or the rights of third parties or to investigate any suspected conduct which we deem improper. please also note that we do reserve the right to transfer your personal information and other information as an asset in connection with a proposed or actual merger or sale (including any transfers made as part of an insolvency or bankruptcy proceeding) involving all or part of our business or as part of a corporate reorganization, stock sale or other change in control. in such a circumstance the transferee would be bound by the terms of this privacy policy. we use non-personally identifiable information in the aggregate, so that we can improve the site and for business and administrative purposes. we may also use or share with third parties for any purpose aggregated data that contains no personally identifiable information. if you submit your email address to be added to a mailing list or sweepstakes or other promotion, we will use the email address for the sole purpose of sending you announcements, special offers from birchbox and its promotional partners along with site updates. each email we send will contain information on how to unsubscribe from our mailing list. you can also unsubscribe by sending an email to info@birchbox.com. if you elect to use our referral services for informing a friend about our site, we ask you for the friend's name and email address. birchbox will automatically send the friend a one-time email inviting them to visit the site. birchbox stores this information for the sole purpose of sending this one-time email and tracking the success of our referral program. the friend may contact birchbox at to request the removal of this information from our database. use of cookies our site may pass a "cookie" (a string of information that is sent by a web site to be resident on your system's hard drive, and/or temporarily in your computer's memory blocks). the purpose of a cookie is to tell the web server that you have returned to a particular page. the site may use cookies in on-line catalogs to keep track of your status and contents of your shopping cart. or to retain information gathered in cookies to allow you access to password-protected areas of the site . you may set your browser to decline cookies. if you do so, however, you may not be able to fully experience some interactive features of the site. how we protect your information we are committed to protecting the information we receive from you. however, birchbox will not be liable for disclosures of your personal information due to errors in transmission or unauthorized acts of third parties. we have undertaken all commercially reasonable efforts to prevent unauthorized internet access to visitor data retained in our servers, however, due to the inherent open nature of the internet, birchbox cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to us or any information provided online, and you do so at your own risk. users must accept all risks associated with any data transmission, including the risk that their personal information may be intercepted in transit. the site encrypts your credit card number and other personal information using secure socket layer (ssl) technology to provide for the secure transmission of the information from your pc to our servers. in addition, only those employees and third parties who need access to you information in order to perform their duties are allowed such access. accessing and updating your personal information and preferences if you are a registered user, you may access and update your registration information and your preferences to receive email or other communications from us by sending an email to [info@birchbox.com(mailto:info@birchbox.com). you may also update or change your personal information or preferences by sending email to info@birchbox.com. we will take commercially reasonable steps to implement your opt-out requests promptly, but you may still receive communications from us for up to ten business days as we process your request. while we make efforts to accommodate requests to restrict our use of your information, we reserve the right to delete all or any portion of customer information if we are not able to reasonably accommodate a requested restriction. enforcement and dispute resolution birchbox uses a self-assessment approach to assure compliance with this privacy policy and periodically verifies that the policy is accurate, comprehensive for the information intended to be covered, prominently displayed, completely implemented and accessible and in conformity with the principles. we encourage interested persons to raise any concerns using the contact information provided and we will investigate and attempt to resolve any complaints and disputes regarding use and disclosure of personal information in accordance with the principles. birchbox inc participates in the u.s. - e.u. safe harbor framework and the u.s. - swiss safe harbor as set forth by the united states department of commerce. as part of [participation[(http://export.gov/safeharbor/) in the safe harbor, we have agreed to truste dispute resolution for disputes relating to our compliance with the safe harbor privacy framework. if you have any complaints regarding our compliance with the safe harbor you should first contact us (as provided above). if contacting us does not resolve your complaint, you may raise your complaint with truste by internet by here. fax to 415-520-3420, or mail to truste safe harbor complaints dept., click here for mailing address. if you are faxing or mailing truste to lodge a complaint, you must include the following information: the name of company, the alleged privacy violation, your contact information, and whether you would like the particulars of your complaint shared with the company. for information about truste or the operation of truste's dispute resolution process, click here or request this information from truste at any of the addresses listed above. the truste dispute resolution process shall be conducted in english. children's privacy and parental controls this site is not intended for persons under the age of 13, and we have no intention of collecting or soliciting personal information from persons under the age of 13. if you are not 13 or older, you are not authorized to use the site. parents should be aware that there are parental control tools available online that you can use to prevent your children from submitting information online without parental permission or from accessing material that is harmful to minors. if a child under age 13 has provided us with personal information, we will use all reasonable efforts to delete such information from our database. links to third party sites our site may contain links to other web sites, including our affiliated or co-branded web sites. other web sites may also reference or link to our site. these "other" domains (web sites) are not controlled by birchbox. we encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site to read the privacy policies of each and every web site that collects personally identifiable information. we do not endorse, screen or approve, and are not responsible for the privacy practices or content of such other web sites. visiting these other web sites is at your own risk. site terms and conditions use of this site is governed by, and subject to, the legal notices contained in our terms and conditions. your use, or access, of the site constitutes your agreement to be bound by these provisions. if you do not agree to these terms you may not access or otherwise use the site. privacy policy changes we reserve the right, at our discretion, to change, modify, add, or remove portions from this policy at any time. if we decide to change our privacy policy for the site, we will post the revised privacy policy here so that you will always know what information we gather, how we might use that information and whether we may disclose it to anyone. any changes will be consistent with the stated principles of the safe harbor agreement. your continued use of the site indicates your assent to the privacy policy as posted. please check this page periodically for changes to this privacy policy. if you have any questions about the birchbox.com privacy policy please contact us at: birchbox inc 28 east 28th street 12th floor new york, ny 10016 (877) 487-7272 info@birchbox.com united states of america our site is maintained in the united states of america. by using the site, you authorize the export of personal information to the usa and its storage and use as specified in this policy. effective date: this privacy policy is effective and was last updated on april 5, 2013. get a monthly box of five personalized beauty samples. learn more get a monthly box of personalized grooming samples, plus a stylish accessory. learn more about brands mobile apps locations careers press contact received a gift? blog about brands mobile apps locations careers press contact received a gift? blog facebook twitter pinterest youtube tumblr youtube let’s keep in touch get exclusive offers, sneak peeks, and insider tips delivered straight to your inbox. usa canada france spain uk terms privacy made in nyc © 2014 birchbox