来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20241231233223/https://www.birchbox.com/magazine
================================================================================

birchbox edit | birchbox subscription boxmembers marketgiftingbirchbox editsubscription boxmembers marketgiftingbirchbox edithey there!looks like your cart is empty.continue shoppingfree shipping on orders $50.00+april 27, 2022your ultimate skin superfood shopping listtry this: grab a handful of your skincare products and take a look at the labels. we'll bet you spot at least 5 superfoods on the ingredient lists. now think about it: what would happen if you consume those ingredients, too? we're not saying diet works the same as your topicals, but if you want to play the long game, then adding some superfoods to your grocery cart is a great way to level-up your skincare routine and maximize its effects.read moreall storiesmakeuphairskincarenailshow-totrendshomewellnessvideostrends · 5 beauty picks and tricks for fallfall goals: getting you psyched for a new season of gorgeous. we’re sharing our top 5 beauty picks and tricks for this transition to cooler months. read more wellness · the wellness shop: beauty from the inside outwant your beauty products to work better? read this.read more hair · maria nila for better hair: a 3-step routinewe talk a lot about wellness for our skin and bodies, but there’s a whole world of wellness to be considered when it comes to our hair.read more the double cleanse method: what, why & how?“double cleanse” is a hot term in skincare circles as of late. as with all beauty buzz terms, though, it’s wise to do your research to see if there’s merit to it before hopping onto a new trend. we did the research and found the top products to use, both from dhc.read more best beauty products for pride monthpride month ushers in some of our favorite things: messages from powerful lgbtq+ voices, opportunities to highlight and honor the legacies of those in the community, and plenty of occasions to sparkle and shine. let's pack on the glitter and break out our most vibrant liner. it's a celebration after all! read more prevention 101: everything you need to glowan ounce of prevention is worth a pound of cure. cliché? sure. but when it comes to skincare, it couldn't be truer. while the cause of many skin conditions is complicated, being proactive, especially with spf, can often stop skin woes in their tracks. read on to learn how sun protection can prevent flare-ups and further damage from common skin complaints.read more night creams: our top 5there's a skincare phrase that's been buzzing all over social recently. can you guess what it is? enter the glazed-donut era. we define it as looking healthy, hydrated, and uber dewy (think glass skin on steroids). how to achieve this ethereal glow, you ask? night creams are the answer because they achieve the sought after glow all while you sleep. we know it sounds too good to be true, but read on for some of the top work-while-you-rest creams of your dreams.read more 10 of the best treatments for dark spotswe rounded up the top 10 ingredients for fading and preventing dark spots. read on to learn the causes, plus the skin saviors we're doubling down on ahead of sunnier months. read more beauty advice that stands the test of timeas part of our passed-down mothers day series, weve rounded up generations of beauty wisdom from our birchbox staff. from how to be prepared for a last-minute occasion, to keeping wrinkles at bay, to simply finding confidence, these tried-and-true tips speak for themselves.read more how to repair your skin barrier"skin barrier" is a trendy phrase right now in skincare, but what is it? how do we know if it needs help? and if it does, how do we fix it? read more the best skincare brands for springspring has sprung and tax season has passed. its officially time to treat yourself. not sure where to start? your skin is a great place, and were here to help. we rounded up the 5 top skincare brands to get to know this season.read more your ultimate skin superfood shopping listtry this: grab a handful of your skincare products and take a look at the labels. we'll bet you spot at least 5 superfoods on the ingredient lists. now think about it: what would happen if you consume those ingredients, too? we're not saying diet works the same as your topicals, but if you want to play the long game, then adding some superfoods to your grocery cart is a great way to level-up your skincare routine and maximize its effects.read more mothers day gift guidemothers day is may 8th this year. the clock is ticking, but theres still time to get the woman who raised you something to remind her how worthy and deserving she is. from anti-aging skincare serums to hair masks and spf protection, we rounded up the best beauty treats all under $100.read more 10 ways to reset for springdo you feel it?! after a long winter, spring is bringing back our verve. for us, the start of spring feels more like a new year than nye. and while we love the warm, gorgeous days we thought would never come, the dreary ones give us a chance to reset before life moves faster. read more could less be more? a look at skinimalismthe pursuit of a great skincare routine might be easier than we think. proponents of skinimalism show how doing less might be the way to go to get that glow.read more 5 ways to responsibly recycle your beauty and skincare emptieswith earth day just around the corner, were looking for more ways to do right by mother earth. we did some research on how beauty consumers can still enjoy all the products we love and be kind to the planet. one place to start? responsibly disposing of our used makeup and skincare empties. read more behind the scenes: how do our sustainable brands help our planet, really?we wanted to do our research too, so we went straight to the sources themselves. spoiler: some of our favorite beauty brands and products do more than just pass the test. read more how the women of birchbox stay empoweredas womens month comes to a close (although we always celebrate women, no matter the season), we asked the birchbox staff to share what empowerment means to them. no surprise, their answers run the gamut.read more staff picks: meet our favorite female founded brandshere at birchbox, we champion women the full 365. in march, we take it a step further, making a dedicated effort to spotlight the brilliant females we work with, the female-founded brands we love.read more interview with vanessa lee: natural intention guidance and beauty trendswere all growing older every single day. its just a fact of life. but luckily, we have vanessa lee! in this interviewas well as through her work as a world-renowned medical aesthetic providervanessa teaches us how to age with grace and intention. read more interview with marcela alcalá: feeling empowered through beautyin this interview, marcela alcalá shares insights about embracing her multiracial identity through beauty and her inspiring instagram account @mexicanbutjapanese.read more in conversation with movemeantwe spoke with the non-profit to learn more about the work they're doing to empower women and girls through physical movement. read more birchbox x movemeant for womens history monthbirchbox will be donating a portion of all proceeds to movemeant in the month of march. read more interview with tenoverten: entrepreneurship, balance and sustainabilityas part of the birchbox womens empowerment series, we spoke to the founders of tenoverten, a cult-favorite sustainable, clean nail-and-hand-care company.read more interview with katie sturino: love the skin youre inthis womens history month were excited to partner with katie sturino, multi-hyphenate style and body positivity advocate and author of body talk, to spotlight the importance of self-love and understanding that beauty comes in all sizes.read more wellness · mind, body, beautythe relationship between feeling good and looking goes deeper than we might realize.read more skincare · jade rolling: your quickstart guideby promoting drainage and toning slackening muscles, jade rolling is used to reduce puffiness and help sculpt features for a lifted, contoured effect sans makeup. read more how to use megababe's charcoal underarm detox barwant b.o control thats out of this world? look no further. read more 5 sustainable beauty and home swaps you can make this weekwe collaborated with our friends at public goodsa sustainable grocery, wellness, and home accessories siteto share 5 sustainable swaps you can make in your daily life that have a big collective impact on the environment. read more 50 ways to reuse and upcycle your summer 2021 mesh bagat birchbox, we strive for sustainabilityless waste, more fun. thats why this month, we delivered your hand-picked samples in a neon mesh bag thats made from recycled and recyclable materials. now, you can enjoy your new beauty picks while helping out the environment.read more acne · when to use a pimple patch as an acne spot treatmentif youre curious about pimple patches, spot treatments, and which pimple products you can buy right now, keep reading. read more tips for a healthy scalp (and healthier hair)icymi, summers special mix of sweat, sunburn, chlorine, and humid temps add to lots of uncomfortable scalp issues, all of which impact your overall hair health, too.read more 9 tips to shiny, glossy hairfrom lifestyle tweaks to easy product recommendations, use a fewor allof the tips and tricks from the pros to achieve shiny hair status.read more skincare · how to apply your skincare (and see results) like the prosskincare is like exercise: we hem and haw about doing it when were tired, yet we feel better, healthier, victorious, after its done. read more hair · 7 ways to mend and repair your split endsprolong the health and happiness of your ends with these helpful tricks and tips.read more how to use micellar waterthis french girl-approved, multipurpose micellar water will soon be your new favorite cleanser, makeup remover, toner, and more.read more makeup · how to store beauty products so that they work better, last longeryour face cream might be a lot happier in the fridge, you know. read more skincare · the 3-step trick that prevents your concealer from creasingprevent the dreaded under eye crease with two strategically applied products. read more skincare · are you using your skincare products in the right order?use this cheat sheet to make sure you're getting the most out of the products in your skincare routine.read more skincare · how long skincare really takes to worka few minutes? twelve weeks? we investigated how long youll have to wait to get the brightening, wrinkle-busting, and acne-fighting benefits of certain ingredients.read more hair · the right way to sleep with wet hairdon't want to wake up to nightmarish bed head? here are techniques and products you need, depending on your hair type.read more makeup · 10 life-changing mascara tipstake your lashes to the next level and get the most out of any wand with these handy mascara tips and tricks. read more skincare · the best facial exfoliator for every skin typewe're breaking down which skin-sloughing treatment is best for each skin type, according to a dermatologist.read more makeup · how to remove eye makeupstill waking up with raccoon eyes? losing lashes? stop scrubbing your lids and learn how to correctly use different types of remover. read more add these sustainable beauty brands for a more eco-friendly beauty routinethese are birchbox beauty expert's recommended brands and products to add to your eco-friendly and sustainable beauty routine.read more birchbox and stasher collaborate and invest to spotlight sustainabilitybirchbox replaces every april box with a reusable silicone stasher bag, making it easier for subscribers to make sustainably-minded choices at home.read more meet nicole ross! july's clean beauty box curator, founder & creator of blog lashesandlemonsbirchbox's clean beauty to try for summer, curated by nicole ross of lashesandlemons. july is about unpacking beauty, so how will you unpack your daily routine?read more a letter to the birchbox communityan update from the birchbox team in light of the recent events and our plan of action going forward as advocate for change.read more meet our future starts now fund winnersmeet the winners of birchbox's future starts now fund, a fund started in 2018 as a way for birchbox to invest in their community. each year, birchbox awards a handful of people in the birchbox community with $5,000 to pursue a dream.read more skincare · how to build a glowy clean skincare routine | birchboxinterested in building a glowy, brightening clean skincare routine, but dont know where to start? look no further.read more load moreproductsmembers marketcompanyaboutcareershelp centerlegaltermsprivacyaccessibilitystay in touch for deals, news, and more!submit