来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20101230120326/http://www.bigceramicstore.com/new-items.htm
================================================================================

new store items how to add items new items at bigceramicstore ceramic christmas trees like your mom or grandma used to make!  plus bisque ornaments. amaco teachers pallet and teachers choice glazes  they fire the color in the jar, they can be mixed and matched, and priced great for schools! clock parts jumbo platter extender for giffin grip cool new data logging digital pyrometer big collection of mkm wood stamps.  combine to make cool patterns (see examples) glasclay, works like clay but fires like glass! coe96 glass sheets copper and bronze clay bigceramicstore.com trio kiln, designed to fit wine bottle slumping molds! new coyote celadon glazes cone 5-6. new duncan renaissance glaze cone 5-6.   rustic, ancient, historical and artistic 16th century look new colors, spectrum mid-fire stoneware 1198 oil spot 1199 texture mossy 1147 reactive light blue 1146 texture swampy 1104 grass green 1149 reactive dark blue spectrum nova sample pack 12 most popular colors in 4 oz jars spectrum raku sample pack 4oz jars spectrum 1100 series stoneware sample pack  4oz jars spectrum 900 series low stone sample pack  4oz jars balsa- foam® print making balsa-foam® can be easily carved with traditional and non-traditional hand tools to create the shape and design you want. it can then be decorated with any paint just like balsa wood. balsa-foam® (density of 5 lb. per cubic foot) is great for students because it's easy to sculpt and does not require the use of sharp tools. balsa-foam®ii (density of 10 lb. per cubic foot) is still relatively easy to carve and shape like balsa-foam®, but requires the use of sharper or pointier tools like regular pottery tools.  the higher density holds intricate detail and is more durable. since balsa-foam® has no “memory” or rebound, it will hold an impression. this means you can create detailed shapes by simply pressing any object into the surface. carving, block printing, and sculpting are easy to teach with balsa-foam®. paragon fusion square glass kilns (now also come in clamshell versions) all have elements are in lid. 1700 degrees. includes electronic controller which is is recommended for firing glass.  digital sentry xpress controller fires up to 8 segments in 4 programs.  each segment includes rate and hold settings.  control both heating and cooling with simple 3 key operation.  (upgrade to sentry 12 key controller for $180) all paragon glass kilns have been improved with the introduction of the ball groove for the elements in the lid.  this eliminated the need for pins in the lids. new mud-tools bump tool mud-wire (cut-off wire) mud sponge new amaco glazes * cone 5/6 potter's choice glazes  new colors  indigo float, blue midnight, tourmaline, frosted turquoise, iron lustre, deep olive speckle, seaweed, toasted sage, deep sienna speckle, deep firebrick * cone 04-06 artist choice and matt  new colors casting slip we now carry a variety of laguna casting slips in 1 gallon jars, 5 gallon buckets, and 50# bags.   low fire, stoneware and poreclain. paper clay we also carry two types of paper clay.  amazing stuff! also colored porcelain and colored air-dry clay glass flower molds plus a bunch of other glass molds! magic fuse microwave kiln  fire glass in your microwave! new wood tile display items trivets with dowels, more mission-style tile frames, child's step stool and hinged recipe box    wood tile display items sherrill stainless tools  flexible ribs, long and paisley scrapers, hax tool   (smooth and serrated) mold straps  mold straps for slip casting molds new clayful critter molds dog, frog and deer parts modeling clay non-hardening non-toxic modeling clay stainless steel lotion pumps kemper pro trimming tools tons of new glass supplies!  coe 90 and coe 96 coyote high temp underglazes strong colors at cone 6-10 !  25 great colors. groovy tools  new! trim tools these premium quality trim tools feature a true tool-steel loop that is hardened, tempered, and then cryogenically treated to create a super steel blade.  the loop is ¼” wide, and sharp on both edges. the acetate handles are covered with closed cell foam grips for added comfort.  the overall length of each tool is approximately 6-1/2”.  the tools can be re-sharpened for extra long life. groovy tools form and function series ceramic aesthetics and design with robin hopper this five program dvd series shows how to make a wide range of pots that work well in the home. each video is full of detailed demonstrations and close-ups of a master potter at work. the series extends and complements robin's popular book, functional pottery.  set of 5 programs for $160, intro price $150 making marks series ceramic surface decoration with robin hopper a six program series dedicated to the decoration and enrichment of ceramic surfaces. the series progresses through decoration techniques for soft and leather-hard clays, to brush-work and glazing methods for bisque ware, and finally to the effects of various firing methods. a multitude of creative ideas are presented including working processes, tools, close-ups of surface details, and many examples of finished pieces.  set of 6 programs for $160, intro price $150 new!  advanced throwing dvd $44.95 robin hopper demonstrates how a potter who possesses very ordinary size and strength can build tall pots by using a variety of extension throwing techniques including coil, slab and thrown additions. he then shows how traditional shapes can be altered to produce innovative forms such as beaten, squared pots, squared spheres and more abstract alterations of traditional forms. throughout this video, he encourages you to use these approaches to develop your own unique creations . spectrum 900 low stone glazes; many new and interesting colors! new plaster moldstexture molds, in leopard and tiger! clayful critters great fun for kids! piepenburg trimming disc with dvd durable plastic "lazy susan"-type device with stainless steel bearing.  helps you hold the position of your pots while trimming by providing near friction-free rotation and a dished stationary surface for applying holding pressure.  efficient simplicity; works without complication or expense of other devices.  includes a 10 minute instructional dvd for getting the most our of your trimming disc. breathable clay board, large a grid of wood covered with canvas.  allows moisture from the bottom of greenware placed on it to escape.  promotes faster and more even drying.  reduces warping.  14" x 14" magma   miracle anti-gravity multipurpose additive no more hard settled glazes, no more powdery glaze coatings, no more peeling glazes, all your suspension and application problems solved. a powerful non-toxic organic gum blend that solves many common glaze suspension and application problems. far superior to cmc. suspends any common glaze material, including dense granular materials, indefinitely. works with or without clay, even zero clay formulations. allows unlimited layering of glaze or slip coats. hardens unfired glaze and slip coatings, especially important for sprayed glazes. does not deflocculate and cause curtaining and drips like cmc does. for brush application, smoothes application and hardens the coat like cmc but allows heavier brush loading and thicker coats than cmc. almost completely burns away, leaving your fired glaze or slip unaffected. allows glaze carving and sgraffito without chipping. read more plaster texture molds for handbuilding, and also new sprig molds decorating rollers new decorating rollers make it easy to press continuous patterns on clay tile products new tile display products including a wider assortment of trivets and boxes cutting / serving board remote control holder napkin holder lamp kits turn your pots into functional lamps fountain pumps make your own ceramic fountains and water features rubber, vinyl and cork pads  attach them to the bottom of your piece to ensure furniture is not scratched.  a great finishing touch! acrylic bowl and plate stands envirocolors new cone 5/6 glaze from the makers of opulence glazes.  envirocolors are an attempt to capture only the muted tones and shades of our natural environment.  9 pint sample packs on $39.95! glaze sample paks we have put together sets of the most popular glazes. the cink the cink a complete, self-contained, clay filtering and water recycling system for your studio. plaster drape molds - slump-hump molds plaster molds in 19 sizes and shapes check'em out. craftsman's knife at first i was afraid to sell this knife, because it is very sharp!  but i took it to a 2 day hand building workshop and it quickly became my favorite tool for cutting slabs and altering thrown forms.  it is very stiff and strong, fits in your hand well, and won't rust.  i can assure you that you will like this tool.  but please do not use where children are present!. a heavy-duty knife made from stiff stainless steel the entire 8 inch length, hardwood handles riveted to a straight, sharp pointed 3 1/2 inch long blade.  an easy to take care of stainless steel knife designed to take punishment.  it is used to cut straight lines, pierce, ream, and furnish all a craftsman's cutting needs. (overall size 8" long, 3 1/2" blade, 1" wide, brass riveted 1/2" thick.) 20% discount will be shown in shopping cart $10.37 paragon janus kilns for glass and ceramic we often hear from customers who want a kiln to fire both glass and ceramic.  previously the options were limited.  but paragon has introduced the janus line of kilns which are cone 10, and have a lid element for perfect glass fusing. coneart 4236 oval kiln new, larger size! 22 cubic feet!  41.25" x 30.8" oval x 36" deep, double walled (2.5in brick plus 1" fiber.)  cone 10 with 3 zone control and floor heating element. making marks  new! list price: $4520% off our price: $36 softcover · 8 1/4 x 10 7/8  304 pages · 250 color photos, plus illus.  robin hopper professional studio potter robin hopper, drawing from nearly 50 years of experience, offers a wealth of ceramic surface decoration possibilities—some rarely ever exposed—in this brand new all-inclusive guide! the expansive range of techniques provided in making marks, together with the straightforward tips for successful use, is a formula guaranteeing remarkable results for potters, teachers, students, collectors, or anyone with an interest in ceramics. from the fundamentals (basic approaches to drawing, color theory, glaze development, and spatial development) to the clay processes (decoration with tools, adding and removing marks, and use of liquid and color clays), and from the pigment processes (variables of colorants, brush, stamp, spray, and pencil marks, and resistance techniques) to the glazing and firing processes (glaze application methods, heat and flame, vapor and fume, and multiple fired surfaces), this guide contains everything readers want and need to know—there has never been a more complete guide on decorative techniques for ceramic surfaces! alternative kilns & firing techniques new! list price: $29.95 our price: $23.9620% offwatkins and wandlesspublished may 28, 2004  128 pages ceramicists searching for new ways to fire their creations now have a wealth of options. authors james watkins and paul wandless, along with a group of distinguished artisans, demonstrate in detail how to build low-cost, low-tech, yet high-quality kilns. these clever devices make it possible to produce rich surface effects from alternative reduction firing techniques. in addition to showing the basic procedures for using each kiln, easy-to-follow directions for many fast-fire methods unfold in color photographs: you’ll see how to achieve terra sigillata surfaces with direct chemical application, and how to do traditional crackle-glaze raku and smoke finishes. the potter's dictionary of materials and techniques new 5th edition list price:  $65.0020% off our price: $52.00 hardcover 2004  437 pagesfrank hamer, janet hamer now available in its fifth edition, the potter's dictionary presents an authoritative survey of all aspects of making ceramics for craft potters and ceramic artists.  with its sound, practical explanations of ceramic processes, this indispensable reference book has gained a reputation as "the potter's bible."  professional potters, beginners, students and collectors will find comprehensive information clearly and logically presented.  frank and janet hamer explain the sources and character of materials, the behavior of clays and glaze minerals during forming and firing processes, forming methods, and glaze construction.  this newly revised edition has been updated to include auto-reduction, crystalline glazes, insulation, stains, and specialized firing and fuming techniques.  (the 4th edition added new articles on soda firing, paper clay, fuming, printing, computerized glaze calculations, crystalline glazes, as well as inlay, lamination, neriage, the "t" material, kiln construction and control, and safety precautions.) pottery making illustrated wrote: "this book is an alphabetical listing of almost every material, form, term, and process used in or relating to pottery making.  well illustrated in black and white, with a few gorgeous color plates, some of the definitions are highly technical... other entries are likely to be of great interest to the student." pottery: a life, a lifetime list price: $29.9520% off our price: $23.96 softcover, 176 pagesmel jacobsonmel jacobson relates his experiences as a potter during the past four decades in this entertaining and instructive narration. he tells his story by weaving anecdotes of his travels and friendships along with his practical knowledge of studio practices gained over the past three decades working in clay as a student, apprentice, teacher and studio potter. each chapter relates to a different facet or technique of pottery making, interspersed with stories from his stay in japan working in kunio uchida's pottery studio, and candid opinions from his contributions to clayart, an online user group for potters and ceramic artists.  chapers include: introduction, the studio, tools, kilns, throwing, turning, handles, tea bowls, gallery, glazing, teaching and the studio, reflections of a lifetime spectrum red-olution glazes fire engine red glazes that really work.  what you see is what you get.  tired of burn outs, black spots, and fad outs?  lead free, non-toxic, dinnerware safe.  no manipulation.  guaranteed! we all know how frustrating red glazes can be, and even have a tip on how to get the best reds.  tip #51: firing reds, yellows and oranges. but spectrum assures me that you can fire these reds just like your other glazes.  please report back to us on your results! low fire (cone 06) fire engine red 748 mid fire (cone 5/6) stoneware 1193 home    contact us product index    clearance sale    kilns wheels large equipment small equipment & tools   accessories colors   firing accessories  glass acrylic paints   airbrushes banding wheels bats   bisque books  brushes chemicals clay   clay guns extruders gift certificates glaze    grinders handbuilding tools   mixers kemper tools kilns   kiln accessories  mixer/puggers molds mudtools   orton cones   overglaze pug mills   resists scales   sieves slabmat   slab rollers slip   slip trailing   slumphump molds   sponges sprayers  spray guns stains   stools & chairs tea pot handles tile tables   throwing tools tongs trivets   underglaze   ug pencils & pens   dvd's   wheels wood tile trays & boxes ont>