来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20121217214919/http://www.bigceramicstore.com:80/new-items.htm
================================================================================

new store items financing now available on kilns, equipment and certain supplies click here for financing options available to artists, professionals, studios & schools sherrill mudtool finishing mudsponge new from sherrill, the finishing mudsponge.  based on the features of the original mudsponge, but now with just the right texture for finishing your pieces. ceramic canvas (ceramic substrate) ceramic canvas is a flat, translucent, porcelain-like sheet of (mostly) alumina. think of it like paper you would paint or draw on , but you use kiln-fired products, like underglaze, decals, and overglaze, etc instead. xiem art roller mini is next generation of the xiem art roller familial. each art roller mini set comes with 3 easily interchangeable silicon rubber rollers, and are available in 12 modern designs. we just added a bunch of new mkm rollers 4 clay to the site, including the fen leaves shown here. check them out. the bailey quick-trim ii trimming tool.  it's a trimming tool with independent holders which accommodate asymmetrical and multi-sided pottery forms, as well as a standard thrown pot.  check it out! skutt km14f and km16f front loader kilns in 14 and 16 sq ft versions, these kilns offer all of the quality and reliability you know from skutt, but in a front load design.  5" thick walls.  built-in envirovent.  kilnmaster controller. built-in stand.  zone control.  floor elements.  these kilns have the works. amaco arroya glazes.  two new colors, and a bunch of new looks (with new layering instructions and examples) the accuangle.  this unique tool makes clean, angled cuts in clay quickly and easily with just a long needle tool.  the accuangle is a unique one-step cutting and beveling tool for clay. from beginners to accomplished artists, the accuangle makes your job easier and quicker with 11 preset angles for cutting clay using just a long needle tool. we now carry laguna versa5 glazes. achieve the vivid colors reminiscent of the richly decorated majolica wares made during the italian renaissance. we now carry vent-a-kiln  vent-a-kiln captures and removes unpleasant fumes, odors, and heat from kilns. it is a close-capture fume system designed for low cubic-feet per minute (cfm) and static pressure applications. standard and custom models are available for use in schools and in other educational or commercial facilities by professionals and hobbyists alike orton controller.  for years we've sold orton autofire wall mount control boxes, and they are great for retrofitting older kilns.  recently people have been asking for replacement controller boards, so we have those on the site now as well. we have added a wide variety of glass cutters including strip and circle cutters, as well as complete cutting systems to making glass cutting a snap! ceramic christmas trees like your mom or grandma used to make!  plus bisque ornaments. skutt glazetech kiln - this is a cone 10 test kiln, with a 14.5" square, 9" deep chamber.  it is a perfect compact studio kiln for just about anyone's studio kiln brick repair kit - repair small cracks and gouges in your kiln brick with this kit from l&l glazecal - glaze conversion slide ruler mkm rollers 4 clay paragon liquid kiln coating (brick/lid sealer) shimpo nvs-07 de-airing pugmill/mixer spectrum ash mid-fire glazes spectrum metallic mid-fire glazes xiem x-sponge (not a regular sponge on a stick.  check it out!) new tile / bottle molds for glass and ceramics* bon appetit wording would be backward for ceramic so that one wouldn't work, but the others could be used with clay. duncan translucent stains (oil based) claymat   slabroller canvas with gridlines xiem tools rolling pin with thickness spacer discs this allows you to easily roll out clay to a specific thickness without bothering with thickness strips or slabroller.  pretty neat. skutt dual input digital handheld pyrometer nice dual input digital pyrometer from skutt.  reads to cone 10 and comes with a heavy duty 6" thermocouple. glass molds and more glass molds lots of new ceramic molds including many new jewelry molds (for glass and clay).  all the letters of the alphabet, great for personalized jewelry and other glass projects. amaco raku glazes new raku glazes from amaco amaco teachers pallet and teachers choice glazes  they fire the color in the jar, they can be mixed and matched, and priced great for schools! clock parts jumbo platter extender for giffin grip cool new data logging digital pyrometer big collection of mkm wood stamps.  combine to make cool patterns (see examples) glasclay, works like clay but fires like glass! coe96 glass sheets copper and bronze clay bigceramicstore.com trio kiln, designed to fit wine bottle slumping molds! watch a short video on the trio kiln new coyote celadon glazes cone 5-6. new duncan renaissance glaze cone 5-6.   rustic, ancient, historical and artistic 16th century look new colors, spectrum mid-fire stoneware 1198 oil spot 1199 texture mossy 1147 reactive light blue 1146 texture swampy 1104 grass green 1149 reactive dark blue spectrum nova sample pack 12 most popular colors in 4 oz jars spectrum raku sample pack 4oz jars spectrum 1100 series stoneware sample pack  4oz jars spectrum 900 series low stone sample pack  4oz jars balsa- foam® print making balsa-foam® can be easily carved with traditional and non-traditional hand tools to create the shape and design you want. it can then be decorated with any paint just like balsa wood. balsa-foam® (density of 5 lb. per cubic foot) is great for students because it's easy to sculpt and does not require the use of sharp tools. balsa-foam®ii (density of 10 lb. per cubic foot) is still relatively easy to carve and shape like balsa-foam®, but requires the use of sharper or pointier tools like regular pottery tools.  the higher density holds intricate detail and is more durable. since balsa-foam® has no “memory” or rebound, it will hold an impression. this means you can create detailed shapes by simply pressing any object into the surface. carving, block printing, and sculpting are easy to teach with balsa-foam®. paragon fusion square glass kilns (now also come in clamshell versions) 1700 degrees. includes electronic controller which is is recommended for firing glass.  digital sentry xpress controller fires up to 8 segments in 4 programs.  each segment includes rate and hold settings.  control both heating and cooling with simple 3 key operation.  (upgrade to sentry 12 key controller for $180) all paragon glass kilns have been improved with the introduction of the ball groove for the elements in the lid.  this eliminated the need for pins in the lids. new mud-tools ribs mud-wire (cut-off wire) mud sponge new amaco glazes * cone 5/6 potter's choice glazes  new colors  indigo float, blue midnight, tourmaline, frosted turquoise, iron lustre, deep olive speckle, seaweed, toasted sage, deep sienna speckle, deep firebrick * cone 04-06 artist choice and matt  new colors casting slip we now carry a variety of laguna casting slips in 1 gallon jars, 5 gallon buckets, and 50# bags.   low fire, stoneware and poreclain. paper clay we also carry two types of paper clay.  amazing stuff! also colored porcelain and colored air-dry clay glass flower molds plus a bunch of other glass molds! magic fuse microwave kiln  fire glass in your microwave! new wood tile display items trivets with dowels, more mission-style tile frames, child's step stool and hinged recipe box    wood tile display items sherrill stainless tools  flexible ribs, long and paisley scrapers, hax tool   (smooth and serrated) mold straps  mold straps for slip casting molds modeling clay non-hardening non-toxic modeling clay stainless steel lotion pumps kemper pro trimming tools tons of new glass supplies!  coe 90 and coe 96 coyote high temp underglazes strong colors at cone 6-10 !  25 great colors. groovy tools  new! trim tools these premium quality trim tools feature a true tool-steel loop that is hardened, tempered, and then cryogenically treated to create a super steel blade.  the loop is ¼” wide, and sharp on both edges. the acetate handles are covered with closed cell foam grips for added comfort.  the overall length of each tool is approximately 6-1/2”.  the tools can be re-sharpened for extra long life. groovy tools form and function series ceramic aesthetics and design with robin hopper this five program dvd series shows how to make a wide range of pots that work well in the home. each video is full of detailed demonstrations and close-ups of a master potter at work. the series extends and complements robin's popular book, functional pottery.  set of 5 programs for $160, intro price $150 making marks series ceramic surface decoration with robin hopper a six program series dedicated to the decoration and enrichment of ceramic surfaces. the series progresses through decoration techniques for soft and leather-hard clays, to brush-work and glazing methods for bisque ware, and finally to the effects of various firing methods. a multitude of creative ideas are presented including working processes, tools, close-ups of surface details, and many examples of finished pieces.  set of 6 programs for $160, intro price $150 new!  advanced throwing dvd $44.95 robin hopper demonstrates how a potter who possesses very ordinary size and strength can build tall pots by using a variety of extension throwing techniques including coil, slab and thrown additions. he then shows how traditional shapes can be altered to produce innovative forms such as beaten, squared pots, squared spheres and more abstract alterations of traditional forms. throughout this video, he encourages you to use these approaches to develop your own unique creations . spectrum 900 low stone glazes; many new and interesting colors! new plaster moldstexture molds, in leopard and tiger! clayful critters great fun for kids! piepenburg trimming disc with dvd durable plastic "lazy susan"-type device with stainless steel bearing.  helps you hold the position of your pots while trimming by providing near friction-free rotation and a dished stationary surface for applying holding pressure.  efficient simplicity; works without complication or expense of other devices.  includes a 10 minute instructional dvd for getting the most our of your trimming disc. magma   miracle anti-gravity multipurpose additive no more hard settled glazes, no more powdery glaze coatings, no more peeling glazes, all your suspension and application problems solved. a powerful non-toxic organic gum blend that solves many common glaze suspension and application problems. far superior to cmc. suspends any common glaze material, including dense granular materials, indefinitely. works with or without clay, even zero clay formulations. allows unlimited layering of glaze or slip coats. hardens unfired glaze and slip coatings, especially important for sprayed glazes. does not deflocculate and cause curtaining and drips like cmc does. for brush application, smoothes application and hardens the coat like cmc but allows heavier brush loading and thicker coats than cmc. almost completely burns away, leaving your fired glaze or slip unaffected. allows glaze carving and sgraffito without chipping. read more plaster texture molds for handbuilding, and also new sprig molds decorating rollers new decorating rollers make it easy to press continuous patterns on clay tile products new tile display products including a wider assortment of trivets and boxes cutting / serving board remote control holder lamp kits turn your pots into functional lamps fountain pumps make your own ceramic fountains and water features rubber, vinyl and cork pads  attach them to the bottom of your piece to ensure furniture is not scratched.  a great finishing touch! acrylic bowl and plate stands glaze sample paks we have put together sets of the most popular glazes. the cink the cink a complete, self-contained, clay filtering and water recycling system for your studio. plaster drape molds - slump-hump molds plaster molds in 19 sizes and shapes check'em out. craftsman's knife at first i was afraid to sell this knife, because it is very sharp!  but i took it to a 2 day hand building workshop and it quickly became my favorite tool for cutting slabs and altering thrown forms.  it is very stiff and strong, fits in your hand well, and won't rust.  i can assure you that you will like this tool.  but please do not use where children are present!. a heavy-duty knife made from stiff stainless steel the entire 8 inch length, hardwood handles riveted to a straight, sharp pointed 3 1/2 inch long blade.  an easy to take care of stainless steel knife designed to take punishment.  it is used to cut straight lines, pierce, ream, and furnish all a craftsman's cutting needs. (overall size 8" long, 3 1/2" blade, 1" wide, brass riveted 1/2" thick.) paragon janus kilns for glass and ceramic we often hear from customers who want a kiln to fire both glass and ceramic.  previously the options were limited.  but paragon has introduced the janus line of kilns which are cone 10, and have a lid element for perfect glass fusing. coneart 4236 oval kiln new, larger size! 22 cubic feet!  41.25" x 30.8" oval x 36" deep, double walled (2.5in brick plus 1" fiber.)  cone 10 with 3 zone control and floor heating element. spectrum red-olution glazes fire engine red glazes that really work.  what you see is what you get.  tired of burn outs, black spots, and fad outs?  lead free, non-toxic, dinnerware safe.  no manipulation.  guaranteed! we all know how frustrating red glazes can be, and even have a tip on how to get the best reds.  tip #51: firing reds, yellows and oranges. but spectrum assures me that you can fire these reds just like your other glazes.  please report back to us on your results! low fire (cone 06) fire engine red 748 mid fire (cone 5/6) stoneware 1193 home contact us ordering info product index clearance sale new items newsletters/tips colors tools kilns wheels equipment warm glass firing accessories finishing accessories airbrushes banding wheels bats bisque books brushes casting slip chemicals cink  clay clay guns dvd's extruders firing supplies giffin grips gift certificates   glaze grinders handbuilding tools glaze mixers  kemper tools kilns kiln accessories kiln elements kiln parts mixer/puggers mkm tools molds for clay molds for glass  mudtools orton cones overglaze peter puggers pottery wheels pug mills resists scales sieves slabmat slab rollers  slumphump molds sponges sprayers spray guns stains stools texture tools tile tables throwing tools tongs  underglaze  ugpencils & pens ware carts wood tile trivets & boxes xiem tools not all items shown here.  for more, please select productindex or category links above..