来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20121217214919/http://www.bigceramicstore.com:80/MainPage/Help.htm
================================================================================

service ordering shipping (incl ak/hi) returns and cancellations policies back orders (what we do when something is out of stock) kiln orders order status purchase orders/schools international orders (incl canada) small order fee (orders under $20) payment methods sales tax security and privacy liability when we charge your card special orders how to shop catalog freezing chargebacks and stop payments worried about buying online? about us contact us support@bigceramicstore.com phone: 888-513-5303 or 775-351-2888 fax: 888-475-7837 hours 8am-5pm m-f  pacific standard time we are located in sparks nevada (near reno) frequently asked questions i'm just getting started, what should i buy? where do you ship from? can you ship my order by usps? why do you prefer emails for support questions? how-to's (articles/links) everything you need to know about pottery and ceramics schools please enter your order online and select "pay by check or po".  you can print the order confirmation to submit to purchasing.  it is not a commitment to purchase.  your order will not be processed until you provide us a hard copy of the po by mail or fax. contact us questions? we prefer email, because that allows us to research your question and get you in touch with the best possible person to answer it. submitting your orders online also allows us to process your order faster as well as keep costs low so we can offer great prices. however, we understand that sometimes you just need to speak with someone in person, so you are welcome to call us toll free at 888-513-5303. when you call, you will hear a greeting and may wait up to 30 seconds as we ring several phones trying to find someone available to take your call.  please be patient, and if no one is able to pick up, please leave a message including what you are calling about.  we are often with other customers, but we really do call people back.  but we can't call you back if you don't leave a message!!! our usual hours for answering the phone are 8-5 pst, but sometimes we answer the phone outside our normal business hours, such as on evenings and weekends.  we almost always check the messages on weekends, and can email or call you with responses if required. remember, if you have already placed your order, you can get order status online. purchasing on-line, security and privacy when you buy from bigceramicstore.com, we guarantee that all purchase transactions are completely secure transactions.   our shopping cart and checkout system uses encryption and secure sockets layer (ssl) security features provided by the web browser using mcaffee. this ensures that your transactions are secure. (you will see these seals when you add something to your shopping cart.)  to provide extra assurance, many credit card companies will also guarantee the use of your card for web transactions, and not charge you for any misuse. your personal information, including email address, will never be sold or otherwise given to a third party for marketing purposes.  there are a few cases where we will share information: 1) with our suppliers if necessary to fulfill your order or solve a problem.  for example, if we drop ship a product or we must pass your address to our supplier, or if you need support we may share your contact info with our supplier.  2) information is available to companies involved in the checkout process such as shopping cart, credit card companies, and paypal.  these partners have also pledged not to sell or give away your  information. if you place an order, we may send you a copy of our email newsletter.  there is a unsubscribe link in the email, and if you unsubscribe you will not be added again. top purchase orders we accept purchase orders from schools and government agencies. to place an order using a po, add items to your shopping cart and select "pay by check."  include your purchase order number in the comments area of the checkout form, if you have it.  fax a copy of your purchase order to 888-475-7837 or mail it to: bigceramicstore.com 543 vista blvd, sparks, nv 89434.  please include an email address for us to provide status on the order.  we also require a purchasing or accounts payable contact, including name and phone number. top shipping for non-equipment orders, your shipping will be calculated by the shopping cart.  the shopping cart uses the weight and size of the items and your destination to calculate these rates.  we also add a small packing fee to help pay for packing materials and insurance when needed.  we charge you the shipping amount that was shown in the cart, regardless what the actual shipping cost turns out to be.  an exception is that occasionally items marked as free shipping will show a small cost in the shopping cart. those will be removed before we process the final transaction.  also the shopping cart is not guaranteed to be accurate for shipping methods other than ground and lower 48 states.  (for example, if you order a free shipping item by air, the correct shipping cost for air does not show in the shopping cart.)  if shipping is more we will always contact you with the correct total before shipping. please note that there is a base price to get any package to you, usually $9-$13 depending on where you live. after that you can add more items and the shipping goes up more slowly with added weight.  therefore, if you order a single inexpensive item you may pay more for shipping than the cost of the item.  that is simply the nature of shipping and we cannot change it. all free shipping offers shown on the website apply to shipping within the lower 48 states to a residence or a business.  liftgates are $40 if needed on truck shipments.  we will contact you if you have purchased a truck ship product to see if you need a liftgate. in the the lower 48 us states, our primary shipping methods are fedex and ups.  they are economical, and packages are insured and tracked. however we may use the post office at our discretion.  this will not affect your shipping cost and you will still be charged the amount that was in your shopping cart at the time of order. most orders ship within 1-2 days, but definitely not all.  sometimes items are out of stock, and if we expect them soon we hold the order until they arrive.  other items such as kilns are typically custom made and can take 1-6 weeks.  if you need something by a certain date, make sure you let us know so we can inform you if this is possible.  type your requested or required delivery date in the comments and we will let you know if this is not possible. we ship most most items from nevada, so the closer you are to nevada the shorter the transit time.  from our warehouse to the west coast is 1-2 days by ground.  the rest of the us is 3-5 business days by ground. shipping times (1 day, 2 day, 3 day shipping methods) are from the date we ship.  days are counted starting the day after shipment.  so if we ship tuesday by 2 day shipping, you would get it on thursday.  fedex can deliver saturdays to home addresses but we have to ship it a certain way, so let us know when you need it. if you note that you are in a hurry, we can often get orders out the same day if you order by about 1pm pst.  we can't guarantee that though, so if you need it that quickly please ask first. if you have any other shipping preferences please state them in the comments on the order form.  for example, whether you would rather have an item sooner and pay higher shipping, or you would like lowest cost shipping even if it takes a little longer. remember that equipment is often not in stock and takes longer, from 1-6 weeks.  if you need something by a certain time, please ask if it is possible. please read the backorder section to determine how backorders will affect shipping costs. large items often have to ship by truck.   in some cases, a truck shipping quote must be generated.  you can email us for a quote, or submit your order and we will email you a quote for your approval. heavy or fragile items (such as most kilns, wheels, and pug mills, some slab rollers, and large quantities of clay or chemicals) ship by truck.  in many cases, free shipping is included. if shipping is not included, you will be contacted with a shipping quote for your approval.  sometimes you may desire a liftgate to get large items off the truck.  the liftgate charge is $40.  residential delivery fees are included with our free shipping. we offer free shipping on many medium and large kilns, as well as other select items. when free shipping is offered, it applies to most destinations in the lower 48 us states.  it does not include hi, ak or us territories, or any international destinations.  it also does not include some remote areas of the lower 48 us states.  if you're wondering about the location where you live, just email and ask us about it.  (note: it is very unusual for an address in the lower 48 us states to not be covered by the free shipping. manhattan and islands that can only be reached by boat/air are the most common, and some really remote locations.) undeliverable or returned packages:  please check your address carefully.  if a package shipped to you is not deliverable at the address you provided, you will be charged a $11 re-addressing fee.  that assumes they are able to correct the address and deliver the package.  if the address can not be corrected and the package is returned to us, you will be charged for both the original shipping cost, and the return shipping cost.   please double-check the addresses you provide when ordering.  for freight shipments, similar rules apply, but at possibly higher cost, as it varies from carrier to carrier. alaska and hawaii customers - we can ship your items by usps priority mail.  please request it in the comments when you check out, and we will let you know the details and price.  in cases where we can ship by post office, we add $10 to the cost of the postage.  we will use flat rate boxes where we can. map showing transit times from our warehouse in nevada international orders canada: we ship small packages to canada by ups ground.  you will be charged brokerage fees and any taxes, customs and duties which are due.  you will pay these to ups upon delivery.  please note that some customers do not think it is worth the brokerage fees for small orders. new! we are now offering the ups etailer brokerage program (ebp) to canadian customers.  the ebp offers a flat brokerage rate of $10.00.  to qualify shipments must be of less than $200 (canadian value), and must be shipped standard method (ground to canada) for non-commercial end use. the official description of the ebp from ups. “canada customs requires canadian recipients to pay applicable duties and taxes on each shipment entering canada.  these charges may include pst, gst, hst, duties and other taxes of goods (e.g. excise tax).  a brokerage fee is also charged to process shipments and present the requisite customs paperwork to canada customs on the importer’s behalf. your order will be shipped under ups’s e-tailer brokerage program (ebp), where eligible shipments imported into canada for non-commercial purposes and valued under cad$ 200 shipped via ups standard service are subject to a reduced brokerage fee of cad$ 10, plus any applicable duties and taxes.  shipments valued at cad$200 and above and/or being imported to canada for commercial purposes and/or subject to specialized clearance may incur additional fees. please, be aware that ups will request payment of these charges at the time of delivery. you have the ability to call ups ahead of time (1-800-742-5877) to pay these charges, eliminating the need for payment on delivery.” we can also ship larger, truck ship items to canada.  the shopping cart does not calculate these shipping costs so we will contact you with a quote.  free shipping, where offered, is not applicable to canada.  we will apply a credit equal to free shipping in the us and send you the difference for your approval. rest of world:  we ship fedex worldwide for small packages.  you are responsible for payment of taxes, customs and duties.  we do not ship internationally by the postal service, so please do not ask us to.  we do not have the staff to deal with customs for all the different countries. for larger items that cannot ship by small parcel, (such as kilns), we will ship to a freight forwarder anywhere in the lower 48 us states.  you arrange shipping from the freight forwarder to your destination.  (note: sometimes we can arrange freight all the way to mexico.) free shipping, where offered, is not applicable to international destinations.  we will apply a credit equal to free shipping in the us and send you the difference for your approval. top small orders we have a $20 minimum order.  you can still purchase less than $20 worth of product but you will be charged a $3 small order fee.   if you purchase only printed material (books or color charts) this fee will be removed. returns and cancellations cancellations: if you want to cancel an order before it has shipped, we will try to accommodate you. once an order has shipped the returns section applies. there are cancellation exceptions: kilns and other equipment cannot be cancelled once they are processed.  for non-120v kilns, we send you a detailed email and do not finish the processing of your order until you reply to that email.  once you reply affirmatively to that email, no cancellations are possible.  for 120v kilns and other equipment, your order is considered processed once we charge your credit card.  if you really need to cancel after this time, we may allow it at our discretion, but in no case will the cancellation fee be less than 15%.  if you are purchasing a kiln, please make sure you read the section on kiln orders. returns: for many items, you have 14 days from the receipt of an order to request a refund for any reason.   upon return receipt of the merchandise you will receive a full refund less shipping costs.  there are return exceptions.  please see below. if items are in "new" condition (sealed packages, no indication of use, etc), they may be returned for a full 3 months after purchase.  upon return receipt of the merchandise you will receive a full refund less shipping costs.  if the items being returned were purchased with "free shipping", you will also be charged the original cost of shipping the item to you. return exceptions: because of various laws, risk of contamination, manufacturer policy, and return shipping damage, we have the following exceptions to our return policy: - kilns and kiln controllers  (that is why we verify kiln orders, see section on kiln orders) - pottery wheels - chemicals and stains (for contamination reasons) - pugged clay - scales - video tapes & dvd's - kiln spare parts - all other equipment including: pug mills, cink's, extruders, slab rollers and ware carts.  these may be returnable with a restocking fee - all large equipment purchases may have cancellation fees if we have already begun processing the order please note that just because we don't take returns on wheels and kilns, does not mean that you have to be concerned that you might be stuck with a product that does not work.  if there is any problem when your product arrives, we will always work with you and the manufacturer to get you a product that works. you also are covered under the manufacturers warranty.   customers cannot however return a wheel or kiln just because they have changed their mind. one reason for this is the difficulty for the customer to pack the product correctly to avoid shipping damage. return procedure: to request a refund 1) email support@bigceramicstore.com. we will give you an rma number and work out any complications before you return the item.  that helps everything go smoothly once the items arrive and then you can be refunded promptly. you must submit requests by email.  phone requests are not accepted. 2) pack the items well, insure them, and ship to the address we provide with the rma number.  we are not be responsible for shipping damage, packages sent to other addresses or packages without rma numbers. other than refunding the price of an item you purchased from us, bigceramicstore is not responsible for loss or damages caused by use of any products we sell.  materials (especially clay, glazes and chemicals) may vary and may not always perform the same from batch to batch; users are encouraged to always test before using large quantities of any material, and never to assume a material or other product will perform as described until tested. top back orders we stock a great many of the items we sell, so most orders will be filled and shipped quickly.  however we cannot guarantee that any particular item will be in stock at any time.  below is our policy on filling orders. 1) we attempt to fill all orders complete upon receipt, and can do so most of the time.  if we can't, we try to use common sense and fairness in determining how to proceed with the order. 2) if we can fill an order complete within about a week, we will hold your order until we have all the items. 3) if an item is small, and doesn't seem like a large part of your order, we may cancel it.  for example, if you order 12 glazes and we don't have 1.  or you order 20 stilts at 50c each and we only have 16, we'll ship what we have, cancel the remainder and close the order. 4) we may decide to ship what we have, and ship the remainder later.  this would be most likely if we were out of several items in your order, or something is going to take a while. 5) in many cases, if we are out of something we will list it in the order comments and/or contact you to see if you want to cancel that item, or wait until it arrives.  (we probably won't contact you if we can ship complete within a few business days, but if we expect it to be 1-2 weeks, we would contact you.) 6) in some cases, we will split your order (with backorders) into 2 shipments for an additional $4-5 shipping cost, if you ask us to.  it costs about $8-$10 to make 2 shipments instead of 1, so we are essentially splitting this cost with you so you can get some of the items faster. 7) please give us guidance.  when ordering, please enter what you would like to do in the order comments.  for example, if you really need 1 item and the rest is filler, tell us that.  or if you are not in a hurry and would rather get your order complete, tell us that.   we try very hard to help you when we know what you want.  (unfortunately we haven't learned how to read minds yet!) * we may occasionally deviate from these criteria/rules when it makes sense for the situation, but our goal is to operate as described. payment methods we accept paypal, visa, mastercard, discover, american express.  you may also pay by check.  to pay by check, add the items to your shopping cart and check out.  select the "pay by check" option.  you will get an order form to print out, with our address on it.  send your check in with the order.  we wait 10 business days for checks to clear before processing the order.  (this extra time usually applies to cashiers checks and money orders as well.) liability other than refunding the price of an item you purchased from us, bigceramicstore is not responsible for loss or damages caused by use of any products we sell.  materials (especially clay, glazes and chemicals) may vary and may not always perform the same from batch to batch; users are encouraged to always test before using large quantities of any material, and never to assume a material or other product will perform as described until tested. if errors in pricing are shown on the website, we reserve the right to not sell at the listed price. sales tax we collect sales tax on orders shipped to nevada.  the cart adds the highest nevada tax rate, but it gets adjusted to the correct rate for your city when we import it into our database. there are a few items which are drop shipped where we collect sales tax in other states.  these are stated on the specific page. there are a few products for which we collect sales tax in states besides nevada.  we will contact you for approval if that occurs with your order. kiln orders all non-120 volt kiln orders will be confirmed prior to shipment.  this is to assure you ordered the options and features you wanted, in particular the voltage and phase.  most kilns are built to order, non-cancelable, and non-returnable. if you need to cancel your kiln order after we submit it to the manufacturer, and before it ships, it may be possible to cancel for a cancellation/restocking fee.  this is dependent on the policies of the manufacturer and the costs that we have incurred, and will be handled on a case by case basis. in no case will the cancellation fee be less than 15%.  most kilns are custom made and take 2-6 weeks plus transit time. smaller kilns usually take less than larger kilns.  if you need a kiln faster, please ask us what we have in stock.  or sometimes we can have kilns rush built so you can get it by a certain date. when you purchase a non 120v kiln, or most items that ship by truck, you will receive an email from us with questions about your delivery and any questions about product options.  here are our instruction on receiving kilns. please read these when ordering and refer to these when your kiln is being delivered. top when we charge your credit card for smaller items: if you are paying by credit card (not check or p.o.), we "pre-authorize" your charges during the checkout process.  this verifies that the card information has been entered correctly, that the card is valid, and that you have not reached your card limit.  if everything is ok, we "reserve" the amount shown in your shopping cart on that credit card.  the card is not actually charged at this point. we review every order before we actually charge your card.  so if you have items which ship by truck and need a shipping quote, or if you have some notes to us in the comments, or if there are any pricing adjustments necessary, we take care of all this before actually charging your card. if you are having any trouble getting the shopping cart to accept your credit card, first check the 3 or 4 digit security code.  this changes when you get issued replacement cards, and is the most common problem.  if you still cannot get it to work, back out and select "pay by check".  this will get us your order and we can contact you to resolve the credit card issue. sometimes (usually with visa check cards) people have daily limits that can be charged, and we have to spread large charges over several days.  we are happy to do this for you. for larger items including all equipment, see special orders - credit card charges below. special orders - credit card charges special-order items (such as kilns, pug mills, mixers, wheels and slab rollers) may be charged to your credit card at the time of ordering, not upon shipment of the order. this is done because of the custom/special-order nature of the item.  if you've ordered one of these items and have a question or concern about this, feel free to contact us. top how to shop your shopping cart will be created when you add your first item.  when you check out you will have the option to delete items, to save them for later, to change quantities, or to purchase them.  you can stop the process at any time prior to submitting your final order.   you can purchase on-line with a credit card, or mail us your check.  to pay by check, select that option at checkout and print out the order form as instructed.  our address is printed on the order form. if you make an error or change your mind after submitting the order, email us and we can correct it as long as the item has not shipped. please note that your shopping cart is not saved indefinitely.  if you stop shopping and want to come back to it later, please print out your shopping cart just to be safe. top catalog sorry, but we do not have a printed catalog.  by only maintaining a web site we can add items and product information constantly, and keep prices and other information up to date.  if you have a slow internet connection or little time for browsing, click the index/search button at the top of each page. from there you can find things quickly.  or email us if you need help. top freezing glaze will freeze: during the winter months, we may hold packages a couple of days if you've ordered wet glaze or wax resist. if the package will be traveling through severe, prolonged cold weather, we will hold it until the weather eases.  if glaze freezes, it can expand and burst the jar.  if that hasn't happened, then the glaze will be fine with thawed and remixed.  wax resist is ruined and needs to be replaced. top order status you may check your order status here. back to top chargebacks and stop payments refusing to pay for product you have received or fees you have agreed to pay is a form of theft.  we cannot afford to absorb such theft without raising our prices.  therefore each incident of a check being returned will result in a $50 bounced check fee.  each time you charge back a payment to your credit card, even if it is in error, per posted policy you agree to a $75 administrative and research service fee.  these fees are in addition to any applicable fees and monies due on your order per our policies.  should stop payment fees, chargeback fees or any other order charges, cancellation fees or restocking fees not be paid, the debt will be sent to collections and if unpaid be reported to the credit bureaus.  we will prosecute all incidents of fraud or theft.  note that if you chargeback an item to your credit card, you are still responsible for payment of that item.  we will send you to collections which among other things may result in a court appearance and/or reporting the unpaid debt to the credit bureaus. i'm just getting started, what should i buy? if you enjoy painting designs, painting or glazing bisque pieces made from molds might be the answer.  you can use paints if items are purely decorative.  or for functional work you may be able to find a "paint your own" place that will fire your pieces for a fee. another option, especially if you want to make small items such as jewelry or ornaments, is polymer clay.  it is colored clay which is baked to harden.  there are also standard clays that are baked in the oven. if you want to make your own items from clay, the least expensive way to get started is hand building.  the equipment needed is very minimal, and it is easy to teach yourself with books.  all you really need is clay, but other useful tools are a rolling pin, items for making textures, items around the house to use as molds, cloth or newspaper for keeping the clay from sticking to surfaces.  you can make some nice pieces right away, while you learn about working with clay. of course you still need a kiln to fire your work.  you can check our kiln timesharing listings to see if there are studios near you that will fire your work.  another good option is to take a local community college or community center class.  many people find they like to get their own clay and glazes to work at home at their own piece, but bring the pieces in to be fired. on the other hand, electric kilns start as low as a few hundred dollars, so explore the small kilns pages. lastly is throwing on the wheel.  it is best to take a class to get started in this, but there are some good videotapes that may be able to get you by.  throwing on the wheel takes practice.  it will be a while before you can make a simple nice bowl.  but it is very addicting.  a good wheel that will last you many years can be had for about $500.  it is possible to find used wheels, but there are always more people looking than are selling.  some used wheels are as much as you can get a new one for. there are additional tools you need for wheel throwing.  most of the basic ones can be purchased in an inexpensive kit found under kemper tools. for more information, please read articles and past tips of the week. where do you ship from? we ship from various locations.  most shipments come from our warehouse in nevada.  sometimes (especially on large, custom items) we will ship directly from the manufacturer.  this mostly happens with kilns because it is hard to stock all the options. back to top can you ship my order by usps (united states post office)? sorry, we only ship by fedex/ups or ltl (truck lines).   the main reason we do not ship by post office is that packages cannot be tracked.  it is also difficult to recover costs for lost or damaged packages, even when insurance is purchased.  also we have found that most people who want usps shipping believe it is less expensive, but in fact in the lower 48 us states it typically is not. back to top why do you prefer emails for support questions? there are several reasons why we have built our business model around communication by email. our mission is to ship internet orders correctly and fast. we achieve that by minimizing interruptions.  not having walk-ins and phone calls interrupt our employees while they are in the middle of a task is why we can ship orders better than brick and mortars. we believe that when you have a question, you deserve a good answer.  honestly we can answer most questions better by email.  we can look up information, send you links to information, find the best person to answer your questions, etc.  also, we find that most customers that want to call us have product questions, and we need experienced people to answer those questions.  when i bought my equipment from a large supplier (before the internet), i called with my questions and was given a lot of "yes" answers.  i realized later that many of the answers i was given were plain wrong, and i doubt the person i was talking to knew much about the equipment they were selling.  so we can't have just anyone answering phones.   so we request that you please email us your questions, and we are confident you will find that it works better than you think.  if your question is one of the few that is best answered over the phone, we will call you or give you a number to call us. we get thousands of visitors a day, and hundreds of emails. many of these emails are from people who are not customers but are looking for information.  that is the nature of the internet.  anybody that is looking for information can find us.  so we get questions about why firings did not go well and other technical troubleshooting.  we get questions about laying ceramic tiles and other things unrelated to our business.  and questions like "i don't know anything about ceramics but i want to do it.  what do i need to know?"  in fact, we often get asked to do ceramics students' homework assignments for them!  we answer as many of these questions as we can (except the homework assignments), and email allows us to do that.  but frankly if we posted our phone number, and even if only a fraction of these people called us, we could not deal with the number of calls. however, if you need to talk about your order, ask questions about inventory, or provide a credit card number, please feel free to call our toll free number, 888-513-5303.  if you do  email us, the more information you give us in the email, the better we will be able to help.  if you just want to provide a credit card number, please purchase the items you wish and select "pay by check", and in the comments write that you want to be called for a credit card number. worried about buying online? some people are still hesitant to purchase items online.  we can assure you that your transaction is completely secure.  we use secure servers for transmitting your credit card information.  as added security, your credit card company will not hold you responsible for fraudulent charges, as long as you report them as soon as you find them.there is a lot of press about security and people breaking into computers.  it is difficult to sort through it if you don't have a background in computers and understand how the information is moved and stored. the vast majority of fraud on the internet is from people using stolen cards and card numbers (stolen from purses, mail, charge slips, etc) to place orders over the web.   data shows that it is considerably more risky to hand your credit card to a waiter/waitress at a restaurant than make a secure purchase on line. that is why we ask for your billing address in addition to your shipping address, and the billing address has to match what is on file at your credit card company.  it helps reduce the risk to us and makes credit card transactions safer for everyone. for those that are still concerned, or those who choose not to use credit cards, we also offer the option to purchase your order by check.  just select that choice at checkout.  you will print a copy of your order and mail it in with the check.  this will take longer as your check has to clear before the order is placed. we hope this helps make your shopping experience easier.note: we haven't heard this in a while, but sometimes customers want to know how they are sure we are a legitimate company.  aside from the fact that someone would have to be insane to put together a thousand page website full of information to scam a few people!...  the best way we have found to allay fears of this nature is to notice that we are listed as approved distributors on many supplier websites.  paragon http://www.paragonweb.com/distributors.cfm l&l http://www.hotkilns.com/distributors.html shimpo  http://www.shimpoceramics.com/dealerloc.html cress  http://www.cresskilns.com/kiln.htmmany manufacturers do not list distributors on their websites, but you can call the manufacturer of any item we sell, and they will confirm that we are a real company and authorized to sell their products. if your question is not answered here, please email us at  support@bigceramicstore.com  or call 888-513-5303. revised: december 25, 2012 . home contact us ordering info product index clearance sale new items newsletters/tips colors tools kilns wheels equipment warm glass firing accessories finishing accessories airbrushes banding wheels bats bisque books brushes casting slip chemicals cink  clay clay guns dvd's extruders firing supplies giffin grips gift certificates   glaze grinders handbuilding tools glaze mixers  kemper tools kilns kiln accessories kiln elements kiln parts mixer/puggers mkm tools molds for clay molds for glass  mudtools orton cones overglaze peter puggers pottery wheels pug mills resists scales sieves slabmat slab rollers  slumphump molds sponges sprayers spray guns stains stools texture tools tile tables throwing tools tongs  underglaze  ugpencils & pens ware carts wood tile trivets & boxes xiem tools not all items shown here.  for more, please select productindex or category links above..