来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20131225070443/http://www.bigceramicstore.com/help/
================================================================================

help and frequently asked questions | big ceramic store javascript seems to be disabled in your browser. you must have javascript enabled in your browser to utilize the functionality of this website. big ceramic store supporting since 1999 support@bigceramicstore.com phone: 888-513-5303 | mo. - fr. 8:30am - 5pm pst pinterest facebook company contact gifts for schools help/faq login sign up now log in: your e-mail password stay logged in wishlist you have no items in your wishlist. last added items go to wishlist 0 check out! check out! home glazes search this category for example low fire glaze main glaze page glazes by type underglaze overglaze raku glaze stains oxide stains decorating slip engobes oven-bake acrylic paints - non-fired colors glass-fired sealers glaze packs color charts low-fire (cone 06-04) amaco duncan spectrum mid-fire (cone 4-6) amaco coyote duncan laguna spectrum high-fire (cone 10) coyote laguna spectrum special finishes & mattes amaco alligator amaco artist's choice amaco crystaltex amaco glaze crystals amaco magic flow amaco matt amaco old world crackle glazes amaco specialty glazes amaco stone texture duncan courtyard duncan crystals & crackles duncan french dimensions duncan satin duncan specialty spectrum glaze crystals spectrum low stone spectrum oxide pens spectrum raised accent colors brands amaco cerdec/degussa coyote duncan hues 2 fuse laguna liquitex mason minnesota clay company spectrum clays search this category for example low fire glaze main clays page clays by type pugged slip colored porcelain oven-bake air dry & self-hardening sculpting clay ceramic canvas metal clays clays by cone low-fire (cone 06) mid-fire (cone 5) high-fire (cone 10) brands amaco claymania art clay laguna minnesota clay company tools & supplies search this category for example low fire glaze main tools & supplies page handbuilding tools mallets & hammers clay cutters clay shapers more throwing tools bats trimming bats & bat grippers more decorating tools underglaze pencils, markers, pens stamps pads & stamps more texture tools texture mats texture rollers more finishing accessories functional accessories wood tile display products plate and bowl stands, hangers, and easels more tools & supplies sponges, scrubbies & chamois ribs trim tools more tools sets firing supplies cones kiln wash element pins & staples more chemicals glaze-making equipment mixers scales sieves more molds ceramic molds & plaster mold making supplies & additives more studio & apparel brush & tool caddy aprons bag clips artbin beeswax lotion flexible ruler books & dvds brands aardvark/falcon aegean sponge amaco apt chinese clay art duncan groovy tools itc jiffy kemper laguna minnesota clay company mkm mudtools/sherrill northstar more kilns search this category for example low fire glaze main kilns page kiln types electric ceramic glass dual media raku & gas loading style front loading top loading guillotine clamshell size compact (< .86 cu ft) small (.86 - 3.9 cu ft) medium (4 - 8 cu ft) large (8 - 25 cu ft) high capacity (>25 cu ft) kiln furniture posts shelves stilts bead racks kiln parts elements thermocouples controllers connectors fuses plugs & receptacles pyrometers relays switches and knobs wires kiln accessories stands vents brands big ceramic store amaco coneart cress l&l olympic paragon skutt orton wheels search this category for example low fire glaze main wheels page wheels budget pottery wheels standard pottery wheels heavy duty-professional pottery wheels specialty wheels portable pottery wheels kickwheels rehab wheels wheel accessories bats legs motor attachments splash pans brands amaco amaco / brent kemper laguna lockerbie laguna / pacifica shimpo skutt speedball equipment search this category for example low fire glaze main equipment page equipment the cink slab rollers extruders tile press spray booths clay mixers/pug mills stools wedging boards work tables carts gleco traps bat mobiles pasta machine clay guns sprayers & airbrushes add-ons & accessories die sets canvas sheets extruder expansion box inner die holder handex stand pug cutter tile extrusion kit pugmill safety switch slab roller leg set slab roller replacement cables spray replacement charcoal filters spray replacement polyester filters tile press paddle bats tile press mold duct tube extra shelf brackets pottery wheels budget pottery wheels standard pottery wheels heavy duty-professional pottery wheels specialty wheels portable pottery wheels kickwheels rehab wheels brands amaco bailey bluebird amaco / brent kemper laguna lockerbie northstar paasche laguna / pacifica paintec peter pugger scott creek shimpo skutt speedball xiem warm glass search this category for example low fire glaze main warm glass page glass kilns coneart cress olympic paragon skutt amaco projects bottle slumping glass slumping/fusing glass jewelry glass coe 90 clay noodles shapes sheets glass coe 96 clay dichroic frit noodles sheets stringers tools & supplies glass cutters firing tools molds - flower molds - frit & jewelry molds - slump & texture molds flower frit & jewelry texture slump-hump & drape alphabet/number molds metal clays pigments books kits casting kits fusing kits lamp kits slumping kits brands amaco bullseye claymania coneart creative paradise cress glasclay hues 2 fuse olympic paragon skutt uroboros index recently viewed items minnesota clay company - underglaze potters pen, turquoise minnesota clay company - underglaze potters pen, green minnesota clay company - underglaze pad, red beetle bits glass cutting system ( requires cutting head ) small plate plaster slump hump 11" search name / article-no. / brand ... {{name}}({{count}}) home help and frequently asked questions | big ceramic store help & frequently asked questions located below are our faqs. here you can find information on ordering with a po, shipping, and many other topics. check out our “how to” articles to learn about multiple firings, commercial vs. home glazes, and what tools every beginner needs. if you don’t find what you are looking for here, use our convenient support form to contact our experienced customer service staff. looking for ceramics help? we have over 100 tips and tricks on our how-to page! click here to learn about the new features of the bigceramicstore website! account order status how to shop purchasing purchase orders payment methods sales tax when we charge your credit card special orders - credit card charges chargebacks and stop payments shipping general shipping information kiln orders international orders freezing where do you ship from? can you ship my order by usps (united states post office)? gift cards giving a gift card redeeming a gift card can i check my balance? how do i use a discount code? returns returns and cancellations back orders your security purchasing on-line, security and privacy liability worried about buying online? jobs about us jobs at big ceramic store newsletter how can i subscribe for the newsletter? how can i unsubscribe? do you have a catalog? account order status visit your account dashboard to view the status of your order and order history. select “my orders” from the side menu and you will find details on all your current and past orders. how to shop your shopping cart will be created when you add your first item. when you check out you will have the option to delete items, to save them for later, to change quantities, or to purchase them. you can stop the process at any time prior to submitting your final order. you can purchase on-line with a credit card, or mail us your check. to pay by check, select that option at checkout and print out the order form as instructed. our address is printed on the order form. if you make an error or change your mind after submitting the order, email us and we can correct it as long as the item has not shipped. please note that your shopping cart is not saved indefinitely. if you stop shopping and want to come back to it later, please print out your shopping cart just to be safe. payment purchase orders we accept purchase orders from schools and government agencies. to place an order using a po, add items to your shopping cart and select "pay by check." include your purchase order number in the comments area of the checkout form, if you have it. fax a copy of your purchase order to 888-475-7837 or mail it to: bigceramicstore.com 543 vista blvd, sparks, nv 89434. please include an email address for us to provide status on the order. we also require a purchasing or accounts payable contact, including name and phone number. small orders we have a $20 minimum order. you can still purchase less than $20 worth of product but you will be charged a $3 small order fee. if you purchase only printed material (books or color charts) this fee will be removed. payment methods we accept paypal, visa, mastercard, discover, american express. you may also pay by check. to pay by check, add the items to your shopping cart and check out. select the "pay by check" option. you will get an order form to print out, with our address on it. send your check in with the order. we wait 10 business days for checks to clear before processing the order. (this extra time usually applies to cashiers checks and money orders as well.) sales tax we collect sales tax on orders shipped to nevada. the cart adds the highest nevada tax rate, but it gets adjusted to the correct rate for your city when we import it into our database. there are a few items which are drop shipped where we collect sales tax in other states. these are stated on the specific page. there are a few products for which we collect sales tax in states besides nevada. we will contact you for approval if that occurs with your order. when we charge your credit card for smaller items: if you are paying by credit card (not check or p.o.), we "pre-authorize" your charges during the checkout process. this verifies that the card information has been entered correctly, that the card is valid, and that you have not reached your card limit. if everything is ok, we "reserve" the amount shown in your shopping cart on that credit card. the card is not actually charged at this point. we review every order before we actually charge your card. so if you have items which ship by truck and need a shipping quote, or if you have some notes to us in the comments, or if there are any pricing adjustments necessary, we take care of all this before actually charging your card. if you are having any trouble getting the shopping cart to accept your credit card, first check the 3 or 4 digit security code. this changes when you get issued replacement cards, and is the most common problem. if you still cannot get it to work, back out and select "pay by check". this will get us your order and we can contact you to resolve the credit card issue. sometimes (usually with visa check cards) people have daily limits that can be charged, and we have to spread large charges over several days. we are happy to do this for you. for larger items including all equipment, see special orders - credit card charges below. chargebacks and stop payments refusing to pay for product you have received or fees you have agreed to pay is a form of theft. we cannot afford to absorb such theft without raising our prices. therefore each incident of a check being returned will result in a $50 bounced check fee. each time you charge back a payment to your credit card, even if it is in error, per posted policy you agree to a $75 administrative and research service fee. these fees are in addition to any applicable fees and monies due on your order per our policies. should stop payment fees, chargeback fees or any other order charges, cancellation fees or restocking fees not be paid, the debt will be sent to collections and if unpaid be reported to the credit bureaus. we will prosecute all incidents of fraud or theft. note that if you chargeback an item to your credit card, you are still responsible for payment of that item. we will send you to collections which among other things may result in a court appearance and/or reporting the unpaid debt to the credit bureaus. shipping general shipping information shipping click to shipping options and delivery times! for non-equipment orders, your shipping will be calculated by the shopping cart. the shopping cart uses the weight and size of the items and your destination to calculate these rates. we also add a small packing fee to help pay for packing materials and insurance when needed. we charge you the shipping amount that was shown in the cart, regardless what the actual shipping cost turns out to be. an exception is that occasionally items marked as free shipping will show a small cost in the shopping cart. those will be removed before we process the final transaction. also, the shopping cart is not guaranteed to be accurate for shipping methods other than ground and lower 48 states. (for example, if you order a free shipping item by air, the correct shipping cost for air does not show in the shopping cart.) if the cost of shipping is more, we will always contact you with the correct total before completing your order. please note that there is a base price to get any package to you, usually $9-$13 depending on where you live. after that you can add more items and the shipping goes up more slowly with added weight. therefore, if you order a single inexpensive item you may pay more for shipping than the cost of the item. that is simply the nature of shipping and we cannot change it. all free shipping offers shown on the website apply to shipping within the lower 48 states to a residence or a business. lift gates are $40 if needed on truck shipments. we will contact you if you have purchased a truck ship product to see if you need a lift gate. in the the lower 48 us states, our primary shipping method is ups. ups is economical, and packages are insured and tracked. however, we may use the postal service at our discretion. this will not affect your shipping cost and you will still be charged the amount that was in your shopping cart at the time of order. most orders ship within 1-2 days, but definitely not all. sometimes items are out of stock, and if we expect them soon we will hold the order until they arrive. other items such as kilns are typically custom made and can take 1-6 weeks. if you need something by a certain date, please make sure you let us know so we can inform you if this is possible. type your requested or required delivery date in the comments and we will let you know as soon as possible. we ship most most items from nevada, so the closer you are to nevada the shorter the transit time. from our warehouse to the west coast is 1-2 days by ground. the rest of the us is 3-5 business days by ground. shipping times (1 day, 2 day, 3 day shipping methods) are from the date we ship. days are counted starting the day after shipment. so if we ship tuesday by 2 day shipping, you would get it on thursday. ups can deliver saturdays to home addresses but we have to ship it a certain way, so let us know when you need it. if you note that you are in a hurry, we can often get orders out the same day if you order by about 1pm pst. we can't guarantee that though, so if you need it that quickly please ask first. if you have any other shipping preferences please state them in the comments on the order form. for example, whether you would rather have an item sooner and pay higher shipping, or you would like lowest cost shipping even if it takes a little longer. remember that equipment is often not in stock and takes longer, from 1-6 weeks. if you need something by a certain time, please ask if it is possible. please read the backorder section to determine how backorders will affect shipping costs. large items often have to ship by truck. in some cases, a truck shipping quote must be generated. you can email us for a quote, or submit your order and we will email you a quote for your approval. heavy or fragile items (such as most kilns, wheels, and pug mills, some slab rollers, and large quantities of clay or chemicals) ship by truck. in many cases, free shipping is included. if shipping is not included, you will be contacted with a shipping quote for your approval. sometimes you may desire a lift gate to get large items off the truck. the lift gate charge is $40. homel delivery fees are included with our free shipping. we offer free shipping on many medium and large kilns, as well as other select items. when free shipping is offered, it applies to most destinations in the lower 48 us states. it does not include hi, ak or us territories, or any international destinations. it also does not include some remote areas of the lower 48 us states. if you're wondering about the location where you live, just email and ask us about it. (note: it is very unusual for an address in the lower 48 us states to not be covered by the free shipping. manhattan and islands that can only be reached by boat/air are the most common, and some really remote locations.) undeliverable or returned packages: please check your address carefully. if a package shipped to you is not deliverable at the address you provided, you will be charged a $11 re-addressing fee. that assumes they are able to correct the address and deliver the package. if the address can not be corrected and the package is returned to us, you will be charged for both the original shipping cost, and the return shipping cost. please double-check the addresses you provide when ordering. for freight shipments, similar rules apply, but at possibly higher cost, as it varies from carrier to carrier. alaska and hawaii customers - we can ship your items by usps priority mail. please request it in the comments when you check out, and we will let you know the details and price. in cases where we can ship by post office, we add $10 to the cost of the postage. we will use flat rate boxes where we can. kiln orders all non-120 volt kiln orders will be confirmed prior to shipment. this is to assure you ordered the options and features you wanted, in particular the voltage and phase. most kilns are built to order, non-cancelable, and non-returnable. if you need to cancel your kiln order after we submit it to the manufacturer, and before it ships, it may be possible to cancel for a cancellation/restocking fee. this is dependent on the policies of the manufacturer and the costs that we have incurred, and will be handled on a case by case basis. in no case will the cancellation fee be less than 15%. most kilns are custom made and take 2-6 weeks plus transit time. smaller kilns usually take less than larger kilns. if you need a kiln faster, please ask us what we have in stock. or sometimes we can have kilns rush built so you can get it by a certain date. when you purchase a non 120v kiln, or most items that ship by truck, you will receive an email from us with questions about your delivery and any questions about product options. here are our instruction on receiving kilns. please read these when ordering and refer to these when your kiln is being delivered. international orders canada and the rest of the world: international shipping, including canada, is currently not calculated on checkout. for international shipping, please call or email our customer service at support@bigceramicstore.com and 888-513-5303. we apologize for any inconvenience this may cause. canada: we ship small packages to canada by ups ground. you will be charged brokerage fees and any taxes, customs and duties which are due. you will pay these to ups upon delivery. please note that some customers do not think it is worth the brokerage fees for small orders. new! we are now offering the ups etailer brokerage program (ebp) to canadian customers. the ebp offers a flat brokerage rate of $10.00. to qualify shipments must be of less than $200 (canadian value), and must be shipped standard method (ground to canada) for non-commercial end use. the official description of the ebp from ups. “canada customs requires canadian recipients to pay applicable duties and taxes on each shipment entering canada. these charges may include pst, gst, hst, duties and other taxes of goods (e.g. excise tax). a brokerage fee is also charged to process shipments and present the requisite customs paperwork to canada customs on the importer’s behalf. your order will be shipped under ups’s e-tailer brokerage program (ebp), where eligible shipments imported into canada for non-commercial purposes and valued under cad$ 200 shipped via ups standard service are subject to a reduced brokerage fee of cad$ 10, plus any applicable duties and taxes. shipments valued at cad$200 and above and/or being imported to canada for commercial purposes and/or subject to specialized clearance may incur additional fees. please, be aware that ups will request payment of these charges at the time of delivery. you have the ability to call ups ahead of time (1-800-742-5877) to pay these charges, eliminating the need for payment on delivery.” we can also ship larger, truck ship items to canada. the shopping cart does not calculate these shipping costs so we will contact you with a quote. free shipping, where offered, is not applicable to canada. we will apply a credit equal to free shipping in the us and send you the difference for your approval. rest of world: we ship fedex worldwide for small packages. you are responsible for payment of taxes, customs and duties. we do not ship internationally by the postal service, so please do not ask us to. we do not have the staff to deal with customs for all the different countries. for larger items that cannot ship by small parcel, (such as kilns), we will ship to a freight forwarder anywhere in the lower 48 us states. you arrange shipping from the freight forwarder to your destination. (note: sometimes we can arrange freight all the way to mexico.) free shipping, where offered, is not applicable to international destinations. we will apply a credit equal to free shipping in the us and send you the difference for your approval. freezing glaze will freeze: during the winter months, we may hold packages a couple of days if you've ordered wet glaze or wax resist. if the package will be traveling through severe, prolonged cold weather, we will hold it until the weather eases. if glaze freezes, it can expand and burst the jar. if that hasn't happened, then the glaze will be fine with thawed and remixed. wax resist is ruined and needs to be replaced. where do you ship from? we ship from various locations. most shipments come from our warehouse in nevada. sometimes (especially on large, custom items) we will ship directly from the manufacturer. this mostly happens with kilns because it is hard to stock all the options. can you ship my order by usps (united states post office)? sorry, we only ship by fedex/ups or ltl (truck lines). the main reason we do not ship by post office is that packages cannot be tracked. it is also difficult to recover costs for lost or damaged packages, even when insurance is purchased. also we have found that most people who want usps shipping believe it is less expensive, but in fact in the lower 48 us states it typically is not. gift cards giving a gift card visit our gift card page found on the homepage. you will be asked to enter the name and email address of the recipient and the amount you want to give. add your personal message to the recipient and add the gift card to your card. then simply go through the normal checkout process and the gift card will be automatically sent to the recipient at the email address you provided. click here to purchase a gift card now! redeeming a gift card on the checkout page, under “payment method” there will be an option for “gift card code.” simply enter your unique gift card code into the box, and the gift amount will be credited towards your purchase. can i check my balance? if you have a big ceramic store account, you can check your balance at any time. go to the side menu on your account dashboard. select “check your gift card balance,” and enter your card number and pin to get the current balance on the card. how do i use a discount code? use a discount code just as you would a gift card. simply enter the discount code during the checkout process under the “payment methods” section. see “redeeming a gift card” above for more details. return returns and cancellations cancellations: if you wish to cancel an item or order before it has shipped, we will try to accommodate you.  however, once an order has shipped, the return policy applies. to cancel an item or an order, please call (888) 513-5303 or email support@bigceramicstore.com with your order number and request a cancellation. kilns and other equipment orders may not be cancelled once they are processed. for non-120v kilns, a detailed email is sent confirming your order. the processing of your order is not complete until you reply to that email.  once you reply affirmatively to that email, your order can no longer be cancelled.  for 120v kilns and other equipment, your order is considered processed once we charge your credit card.  big ceramic store may process your cancellation request after this time, at our discretion, for a cancellation fee. if you are purchasing a kiln, please make sure you read the section on kiln orders. returns: many items purchased through bigceramicstore.com may be returned; however, there are a few important things to keep in mind when returning a product: you have 90 calendar days to return an item from the date you received it. return item(s) must be in “new” condition – original packaging & seals intact, no indication of use, etc. there are return exceptions. please see below. return exceptions: because of various laws, risk of contamination, manufacturer policy, and return shipping damage, we have the following exceptions to our return policy: kilns and kiln controllers kiln spare parts pottery wheels chemicals and stains (for contamination reasons) pugged clay scales video tapes & dvd's the following equipment may be returned for a restocking fee - 20% of sale price: pug mills cink's extruders slab rollers ware carts return procedure with your order number, email your return request to support@bigceramicstore.com. we will issue you an rma number and work out any complications before you return the item. you must submit your request by email. you must submit requests by email. phone requests are not accepted. return the product to its custom packaging and pack well. if the item is a boxed product, please ship the return inside of a separate outer box and pack the items well. please ensure that your rma number is clearly marked on the outside of the package you are sending your return in. your return must be received within 30 days of receiving your rma number. customers are responsible for the shipping costs of the return item(s). we are not responsible for lost or damaged returns. please insure and/or track your return package accordingly. refunds: once we receive your item(s), a refund is initiated immediately, less the original cost of shipping. if you canceled an item/order, and you were billed for it, we will initiate a refund, per cancellation guidelines, immediately after you submit your cancel request. the way your refund is processed depends on your original payment method. store credit, in the form of a gift certificate, may be issued upon request, regardless of payment method. exchanging an item email your exchange request to support@bigceramicstore.com. we will issue you an rma number and work out any complications before you return the item. you must submit your request by email. phone requests will not be accepted. return the product to its custom packaging and pack well. if the item is a boxed product, please ship the return inside of a separate outer box and pack the items well. please ensure that your rma number is clearly marked on the outside of the package you are sending your return in. your return must be received within 90 days. customers are responsible for the shipping costs of the return item(s). we are not responsible for lost or damaged returns. please insure and/or track your return package accordingly. once your return is received, we will ship the desired product and issue a credit for the difference if applicable. all balances due must be paid prior to the shipment of the exchange product. damages: all damages must be reported to big ceramic store within 48 hours of receiving your order. in the instance a product is damaged, big ceramic store will handle the claims process for you and re-ship the item as soon as possible. damages must be reported within 48 hours of receiving your shipment, no exceptions. if damage to your order is discovered, please: document the damages in writing and submit it to support@bigceramicstore.com take pictures of the packaging and damaged product and submit to support@bigceramicstore.com if your order is being delivered by truck (ie kilns, equipment, large clay or glaze orders), be sure to inspect the delivery thoroughly, documenting any concerns, before signing off on the delivery receipt. undocumented damages reported after signing will be assumed to have occurred while the delivery was in your possession and will not be eligible for a claim. order discrepancies: unfortunately, order discrepancies do occur from time to time. please e-mail support@bigceramicstore.com as soon as possible with any order discrepancies and we will correct them as quickly as possible at no charge to you. order discrepancies must be reported within five (5) days of receiving your order. back orders we stock a great many of the items we sell, so most orders will be filled and shipped quickly. however we cannot guarantee that any particular item will be in stock at any time. below is our policy on filling orders. we attempt to fill all orders complete upon receipt, and can do so most of the time. if we can't, we try to use common sense and fairness in determining how to proceed with the order. if we can fill an order complete within about a week, we will hold your order until we have all the items. if an item is small, and doesn't seem like a large part of your order, we may cancel it. for example, if you order 12 glazes and we don't have 1. or you order 20 stilts at 50c each and we only have 16, we'll ship what we have, cancel the remainder and close the order. we may decide to ship what we have, and ship the remainder later. this would be most likely if we were out of several items in your order, or something is going to take a while. in many cases, if we are out of something we will list it in the order comments and/or contact you to see if you want to cancel that item, or wait until it arrives. (we probably won't contact you if we can ship complete within a few business days, but if we expect it to be 1-2 weeks, we would contact you.) in some cases, we will split your order (with backorders) into 2 shipments for an additional $4-5 shipping cost, if you ask us to. it costs about $8-$10 to make 2 shipments instead of 1, so we are essentially splitting this cost with you so you can get some of the items faster. please give us guidance. when ordering, please enter what you would like to do in the order comments. for example, if you really need 1 item and the rest is filler, tell us that. or if you are not in a hurry and would rather get your order complete, tell us that. we try very hard to help you when we know what you want. (unfortunately we haven't learned how to read minds yet!) * we may occasionally deviate from these criteria/rules when it makes sense for the situation, but our goal is to operate as described. your security your security when you buy from bigceramicstore.com, we guarantee that all purchase transactions are completely secure transactions. our shopping cart and checkout system uses encryption and secure sockets layer (ssl) security features provided by the web browser using mcaffee. this ensures that your transactions are secure. (you will see these seals when you add something to your shopping cart.) to provide extra assurance, many credit card companies will also guarantee the use of your card for web transactions, and not charge you for any misuse. your personal information, including email address, will never be sold or otherwise given to a third party for marketing purposes. there are a few cases where we will share information: 1) with our suppliers if necessary to fulfill your order or solve a problem. for example, if we drop ship a product or we must pass your address to our supplier, or if you need support we may share your contact info with our supplier. 2) information is available to companies involved in the checkout process such as shopping cart, credit card companies, and paypal. these partners have also pledged not to sell or give away your information. if you place an order, we may send you a copy of our email newsletter. there is a unsubscribe link in the email, and if you unsubscribe you will not be added again. liability other than refunding the price of an item you purchased from us, bigceramicstore is not responsible for loss or damages caused by use of any products we sell. materials (especially clay, glazes and chemicals) may vary and may not always perform the same from batch to batch; users are encouraged to always test before using large quantities of any material, and never to assume a material or other product will perform as described until tested. if errors in pricing are shown on the website, we reserve the right to not sell at the listed price. worried about buying online? some people are still hesitant to purchase items online. we can assure you that your transaction is completely secure. we use secure servers for transmitting your credit card information. as added security, your credit card company will not hold you responsible for fraudulent charges, as long as you report them as soon as you find them. there is a lot of press about security and people breaking into computers. it is difficult to sort through it if you don't have a background in computers and understand how the information is moved and stored. the vast majority of fraud on the internet is from people using stolen cards and card numbers (stolen from purses, mail, charge slips, etc) to place orders over the web. data shows that it is considerably more risky to hand your credit card to a waiter/waitress at a restaurant than make a secure purchase on line. that is why we ask for your billing address in addition to your shipping address, and the billing address has to match what is on file at your credit card company. it helps reduce the risk to us and makes credit card transactions safer for everyone. for those that are still concerned, or those who choose not to use credit cards, we also offer the option to purchase your order by check. just select that choice at checkout. you will print a copy of your order and mail it in with the check. this will take longer as your check has to clear before the order is placed. we hope this helps make your shopping experience easier. note: we haven't heard this in a while, but sometimes customers want to know how they are sure we are a legitimate company. aside from the fact that someone would have to be insane to put together a thousand page website full of information to scam a few people!... the best way we have found to allay fears of this nature is to notice that we are listed as approved distributors on many supplier websites. paragon http://www.paragonweb.com/distributors.cfm l&l http://www.hotkilns.com/distributors.html shimpo http://www.shimpoceramics.com/dealerloc.html cress http://www.cresskilns.com/kiln.htm many manufacturers do not list distributors on their websites, but you can call the manufacturer of any item we sell, and they will confirm that we are a real company and authorized to sell their products. newsletter how can i subscribe for the newsletter? you can sign up for our email newsletter by providing your name and email in the “mailing list” box on the homepage. you will receive an email confirming that you signed up to receive our messages. you must confirm in this message to begin receiving our emails. if you already have an account with us, you can manage your subscription to our emails on your account dashboard. select mailing list subscriptions” from the side menu. how can i unsubscribe? you can unsubscribe from our email messages by clicking the link at the bottom of our emails. if you already have an account with us, you can manage your subscription to our emails on your account dashboard. select “mailing list subscriptions” from the side menu to subscribe or unsubscribe to our messages. do you have a catalog? sorry, but we do not have a printed catalog. by only maintaining a web site we can add items and product information constantly, and keep prices and other information up to date. if you have a slow internet connection or little time for browsing, click the index/search button at the top of each page. from there you can find things quickly. or email us if you need help. contact big ceramic store llc543 vista blvd sparks nv 89434e-mail support@bigceramicstore.comphone888-513-5303fax888-475-7837 support form close my account sign in newsletter wishlist company info about us careers customer service help and faqs “how-to”s gift certificates contact us terms and policies shipping policy return policy privacy policy terms of use stay connected facebook pinterest twitter big ceramic store supporting since 1999 {{label}} {{label}} information close x an error occured close x back to top