来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20141219034149/http://www.bigceramicstore.com/blog
================================================================================

big ceramic store | blog javascript seems to be disabled in your browser. you must have javascript enabled in your browser to utilize the functionality of this website. big ceramic store supporting since 1999 support@bigceramicstore.comphone: 888-513-5303 | mo. - fr. 8:30am - 5pm pstpinterestfacebookgiftswishlistfor schoolscompany search help/faq account recently viewed loading check out! home ceramic glazes main glaze page glazes by typeunderglazeoverglazeraku glazestainsoxide stainsdecorating slipengobesoven-bakeacrylic paints - non-fired colorsglass-firedsealers glaze packs color charts low-fire (cone 06-04)amacoduncanspectrumspeedball mid-fire (cone 4-6)amacocoyote duncanlagunaspectrum high-fire (cone 10)coyote lagunaspectrumspeedball special finishes & mattesamaco alligator amaco artist's choiceamaco crystaltexamaco glaze crystalsamaco magic flowamaco mattamaco old world crackle glazesamaco specialty glazesamaco stone textureduncan courtyardduncan crystals & cracklesduncan french dimensionsduncan satinduncan specialtyspectrum glaze crystals spectrum low stonespectrum oxide pensspectrum raised accent colors brandsamaco glazescerdec/degussa stainscoyote glazesduncan glazeshues 2 fuselaguna glazesliquitexmason stainsminnesota clay company glazesspectrum glazesspeedball glazes pottery & sculpting clay main clays page clays by typepuggedslipcolored porcelainoven-bake clayair dry & self-hardeningsculpting clayceramic canvasmetal clays clays by conelow-fire (cone 06)mid-fire (cone 5)high-fire (cone 10) brandsamaco clayclaymania art claylaguna clayminnesota clay company ceramic & pottery tools & supplies main tools & supplies page handbuilding toolsmallets & hammersclay cuttersclay shapersmore throwing toolsbatstrimming bats & bat grippersmore decorating toolsunderglaze pencils, markers, pensstamps pads & stampsmore texture toolstexture matstexture rollersmore finishing accessoriesfunctional accessorieswood tile display productsplate and bowl stands, hangers, and easelsmore ceramic pottery tools & suppliessponges, scrubbies & chamoisribstrim toolsmore tools sets firing suppliesconeskiln washelement pins & staplespeephole plugs chemicals glaze making equipmentmixersscalessieveshydrometer ceramic moldsceramic molds & plastermold making supplies & additivesmore studio & apparelbrush & tool caddyapronsbag clipsartbinbeeswax lotionflexible ruler books & dvds brandsaardvark/falconaegean spongeamaco toolsaptchinese clay artduncangroovy toolsitcjiffykemper toolslagunaminnesota clay companymkm toolssherrill mud toolsnorthstarmore kilns main kilns page kiln typeselectric ceramicglass kilnsdual mediaraku & gas kiln furniturepostsshelvesstiltsbead racks kiln accessoriesstandsvents kiln partselementsthermocouplescontrollersconnectorsfusesplugs & receptaclespyrometersrelaysswitches and knobs wires brandsbig ceramic store kilnsamaco kilnsconeart kilnscress kilnsl&l kilnsolympic kilnsparagon kilnsskutt kilnsorton pottery wheels main wheels page pottery wheelsbudget pottery wheelsstandard pottery wheelsheavy duty-professional pottery wheels specialty wheelsportable pottery wheelspottery kick wheelsrehab wheelswheel accessoriesbatslegsmotor attachmentssplash pans brandsbrent pottery wheelskemperlagunalockerbielaguna / pacificashimpo pottery wheelsskutt / thomas stuartspeedball ceramic & pottery equipment main equipment page clay processing equipmentpugmills & clay mixersclay extrudersdie setsslab rollersclay gunsamaco craft clay machine pottery studio furniturecartswork tablesstoolswedging boardsbat mobiles glazing & painting equipmentsprayers & airbrushesspray boothsspray replacement charcoal filtersspray replacement polyester filters clean-up equipmentgleco trapsthe cink brandsamacobaileybluebirdamaco / brentkemperlagunanorth starpaaschelaguna / pacificamore warm glass main warm glass page glass kilnsconeartcressolympicparagonskuttamaco projectsglass bottle slumpingglass slumping/fusingglass jewelry glass coe 90claynoodlesshapessheets glass coe 96claydichroicfritnoodlessheetsstringers tools & suppliesglass cuttersfiring tools moldsflowerfrit & jewelryglass texture molds - slump & textureslump-hump & drapealphabet/number molds metal clays pigments books kitscasting kitsfusing kitslamp kitsslumping kits brandsamacobullseye glassclaymania coneartcreative paradisecressglasclayhues 2 fuseolympicparagonskutturoboros index home blog rolling coils for handbuildingcoil building is a great way to build pots, sculptures, and just about anything. you can build all kinds of shapes, from structured "perfect-looking" pieces to very organic pieces. but as anyone who has tried to roll coils can attest, it is not as easy as it looks!beginner's coils tend to flatten, get hollow on the ends, be lumpy, or break into pieces. this tip will focus on how to roll nice, straight, even coils. and next time we will talk about using the coils to build beautiful and interesting objects.start by squeezing the clay into a sausage, and taper the ends slightly.some people do the first rolls of the coil in their hands, then lay on the canvas.consistencyuse clay that is soft enough.hard clay tends to go hollow on the edges, although starting with tapered ends and keeping the canvas moist will help.the heat from your hand can also dry out coils.soft coils are better anyway for joining, and slip is not needed.but if clay is too wet, it can cause problems too. if rolling on a canvas, dampen it slightly. otherwise the canvas will dry out the clay.there are two approaches to rolling:use your whole hand (palm + fingers, fingers spread wide).use just the outstretched fingers. continue reading → this entry was posted in tips & tricks and tagged handbuilding, rolling coils on december 17, 2014 by big ceramic store.product spotlight: amaco velvet underglazesthis post was made by bonnie lindsey, check out her pieces on etsy. if you’re interested in posting on our blog, shoot us an email!almost 10 months ago, i became a mother for the first time.  this has been a journey unlike any other, including my 10 year career in ceramics.  after my daughter was born, i resigned my high school ceramics teaching job and opted for the stay-at-home mom life.this was a big adjustment since i’d been in the career world for so long.  to beat the isolation and lack of socialization, i joined a stay-at-home moms’ group. i know, it sounds funny, but really, it’s awesome!  we have play dates, potlucks, and crafts at the mothers’ homes and at the local parks.  i thought, “well, i know how to teach and i have all the materials; let’s do a clay craft at my house!”  but, i had to think about the fact that we had limited time.  i wouldn't be able to have them make the pieces, come back after the bisque fire to glaze, and then come back yet again to pick up the finished pieces.so, i needed to figure out how to get the kids’ projects created and glazed in one sitting.  i hardly ever use low fire glazes, underglazes, or slips.  i do cone 6 at home in my skutt electric kiln.  i took a chance and ordered some amaco velvet underglazes, which are primarily meant for low firing and known for their vibrant colors.  i got red, orange, brown, and green. continue reading → this entry was posted in product spotlight and tagged amaco velvet underglazes on december 10, 2014 by big ceramic store.piercing and carving double-walled vesselsthis post was made by michael m. grant, check out his work at http://www.michaelgrantdesigns.com/. if you’re interested in posting on our blog, shoot us an email!there are a huge number of ways to decorate a thrown-clay vessel including piercing the wall of the vessel to cut in a design or carving the inner or outer wall of a vessel while the clay is leather-hard. for an even more interesting and challenging project, consider piercing and carving a double-walled thrown vessel like a vase thrown with porcelain clay.the first step is to throw the vessel. there are many videos available on the internet (e.g. youtube) demonstrating how to do this.  once the double-walled vessel has been thrown and allowed to dry to leather-hard, follow these steps to create a pierced and carved design.create a design on paper if you are not comfortable simply free-handing one. cut out the design and spray it very lightly on the back with water and lay it on the external wall of the vessel. trace around it very lightly with a pencil. make sure you deal with the area where the external wall air hole is first.  locate your design so that it incorporates the air hole into a portion of your design that will be cut out.as you pierce and cut using a craft knife remember that the clay you do not cut away has to support the exterior wall so leave enough connections at the top and bottom to provide this support.be careful, especially at the top and bottom of the external wall not to cut into the inner wall of the vessel. continue reading → this entry was posted in projects and tagged carving clay, piercing clay, double-walled vessels on december 3, 2014 by big ceramic store.awaken your pottery with texturethis post was made by patrick vitalone, check out his pieces on etsy. if you’re interested in posting on our blog, shoot us an email!to me nothing adds more life to pottery than texture! it creates varied dimensions to a piece that your glazes will respond to.  it literally awakens your piece.i started exploring texture on my pieces a few years ago and bought many of my texture tools right here at big ceramic store.the one place i really wanted to add texture was inside a plate or bowl.  adding the texture after it was thrown proved to be nearly impossible.  i then stumbled upon a solution.  add the texture before throwing!try this approach:center your clay and then bring it down until it is wider than what you want the final piece to be and is in the shape of a thick round cookie.smooth the top and let it spin on the wheel for a minute or two to dry.take a textured stamp, roller, or any material that will leave a design, dust it with cornstarch.take a textured stamp, roller, or any material that will leave a design, dust it with cornstarch. continue reading → this entry was posted in projects and tagged texturing clay, texture tools on november 26, 2014 by big ceramic store.our favorite warm glass projectswarm glass can be a daunting craft for beginners. glass kilns can be expensive, their firing schedules are more complicated than basic bisque and glaze firing, and even though you can do a lot with basic tools, more advanced techniques require specialized tools. so what are some basic glass projects you can do in a ceramic kiln?firing glass with potterythe easiest glass project may also be one of the most popular and best looking. take any ceramic vessel such as a plate, bowl, or cup - anything that can hold liquid – place colored glass in the bottom and fire as you would normally (cone 6 is recommended). any glass will work, but glass made for fusing is more likely to retain its color (reds will almost all turn brown regardless). glass will expand as it is heated and some glasses will start to bubble or foam in the kiln, so start with one or two pieces and then experiment with more as you grow more comfortable with the technique.remember, melted glass will always seek the lowest point, so patterns carved into the bottom of your vessel will fill with glass first, which can make for a very attractive effect.glass can be used on the clay body or with glaze. each combination of glaze and glass will produce a different result. one great way to experiment is to make a lot of candle holders. either dishes or bowls just big enough for a votive candle can be made by the dozens and will fit nicely in the odd spaces in the kiln. just be sure to take notes of the glass/glaze combinations and number each piece before firing because the results may be unexpected.note: melted glass in pottery has surface-level cracks that can collect dust, bacteria or mold and is therefore not considered food safe.bottle slumpingslumped bottles are some of the most popular fused glass products. they are cheap and easy to make even in a manual ceramic kiln, just be sure to position the bottle somewhere visible through the peephole and keep a close eye on it, otherwise you risk going beyond slumping and you end up with a glass puddle. be sure to read our tips on bottle slumping to get the firing profiles.bottles can be slumped on the kiln shelf or even into a ceramic bowl, as long as it has been painted with kiln wash. check out our bottle slumping molds. continue reading → this entry was posted in projects and tagged warm glass, glass kilns on november 19, 2014 by big ceramic store.5 tips for working with metallic overglazethis post was made by lora olivieri of piece of mind pottery. if you’re interested in posting on our blog, shoot us an email!it’s no doubt that gold is super “in” right now. i’ve seen a huge influx of orders for pieces with gold accents. people love the shiny finish! admittedly, i’m a sucker for it too. i’ve experimented with different types of glazes to get this effect – high fire, low fire, non-fire. the trick is consistency with the finish as well as making sure the pieces are food safe. you can go the traditional gold leaf route, but who wants to spend that kind of time?i’ve found that the duncan precious metals overglaze is an awesome product and can be used in a variety of ways to get that shiny gold everyone is swooning over. this overglaze is applied as a third firing. so, you bisque your piece, glaze fire it and then apply the luster to the piece. the first step is to decide if you want a shiny finish or a matte finish for your gold or silver accent. for a shiny finish, make sure you glaze your piece with a very shiny, high-gloss glaze. the gold will be super shiny, almost like a piece of real 24 k gold. for a matte finish, glaze with a matte finish glaze. the gold comes out more of a bronze when you do this.applying overglaze is fun but tricky. i find myself praying a lot to both the glaze gods and the kiln gods when i am working with it on my pieces. i’ve had a lot of blunders, but through it all have found a few tried-and-true tips to make sure the end product comes out beautifully 90% of the time (as we all know, nothing is ever 100% guaranteed when you are working with glazes and ceramics).overglaze tip 1prep the area where you want to apply the overglaze with rubbing alcohol and let it dry completely before applying. do not touch the area after prepping as adding any oil or other elements from your skin could corrupt the area.overglaze tip 2use a very clean brush for application – and pick a brush that will only be used for applying the luster overglaze. i like duncan brushes. you don’t want to contaminate the brush with other chemicals and elements from other glazes. this is a sure fire way to ruin the piece. when you are done with this overglazing session, be sure to clean your brush thoroughly with duncan essence overglaze cleaner. it’s a lifesaver!overglaze tip 3apply only one coat of the overglaze if you can. if you need to go back over an area, do so immediately when the glaze is still wet. once it dries, it will clump up or rub off, creating holes in the finish. i’ve also found that it turns to a dusty matte finish if you do this. single, uniform strokes are best to achieve the opaque and shiny finish. too little glaze will produce a purple finish, and too much will chip off or crack. it’s an art and a science and you need to play around a bit to get it just right. test, test, test! continue reading → this entry was posted in tips & tricks and tagged overglaze, metallic glazes on november 14, 2014 by big ceramic store.using leaves to decorate potteryfall is in full swing, and we've been receiving a lot of questions about whether or not leaves could be used to make impressions in clay. leaves are used in pottery all the time, but we have a few tips that might make the process easier.thick leaves with deep veins make the best patterns. otherwise you don't get much texture and it just gets filled in by the glaze.some people find artificial leaves actually make better impressions because they are thicker, and sturdy so they can be used again and again.if you use live ones, it works best if they are still green (not dry), so they don't crumble. soak them in water overnight to make them more pliable.a couple ways to save leaves for later use:paint both sides with shellac.place them flat in airtight plastic bags and put in the refrigerator or freezer.if you have trouble getting the leaf out of the clay once you've pressed it in, use a pin or needle tool to pry up a side. or you can actually leave (no pun intended) them in and they'll just burn out in the kiln.if you get a pattern that isn't very deep and you want it to be more noticeable, there are a couple things you can do with glaze to make the pattern more noticeable.use a transparent glaze so it pools thicker where your impression is, and it will be darker where it pools.brush on a stain or oxide, then wipe off the top surface, leaving it only in the impression. then cover with a transparent glaze.brush some texturizer onto the leaf impression. wipe off the high surfaces, leaving the texturizer only in the impressed portions. dip the whole piece in glaze. you will get a different texture where the leaf pattern was.you can also use leaves as masking, painting underglaze or glaze around the leaf.on leather-hard ware, we've found it works best to soak the leaf in water, then stick it on. paint around it with slip or underglaze.on bisque it is difficult to get the leaf to stick well so you can paint a good edge. you can apply the leaf with a thin layer of glue; sticky spray adhesive works well. then carefully stick it to the bisque and paint. the leaf and the adhesive will burn away in the kiln. be sure to have good ventilation for this. this entry was posted in diy and tagged fall leaves, decorated pottery on november 12, 2014 by big ceramic store.mix your own claypotters use clay in many forms. we have a huge selection of pugged clay and slip, but sometimes commercially available clays don't offer features that a potter may be looking for such as being locally sourced, or a certain plasticity, glaze fit, or strength. mixing your own clay body takes a little experimentation and some trial and error, but has the potential to yield high rewards.clay basics – local claypure clay is also known as hydrous aluminum silicate (al2o3-2sio2-2h2o) and makes up nearly 75% of the earth's crust. because it is so common, the most basic clays can usually be found within walking distance of your studio. the easiest places to find clay are by the sides of rivers and streams (look in the outside bends where the water has eroded the topsoil) or 5 feet below the surface of the ground (especially under soil that is sticky).once you hit clay, you can do some basic tests to determine if it is usable. first: try to roll a coil. the more plastic (flexible) the clay, the thinner the coil. second: rub the clay between your fingers. if it feels smooth and round, it will throw easily. if it feels sharp and gritty it will be more difficult (but may have some desirable properties when fired).after you dig up your clay, cut it into 1-2 inch pieces and put it in a bucket of water for 3 days (or until the clay is fully slaked). mix the clay and then pass it through a 30-50 mesh screen to remove unwanted pebbles, sand, and other materials. then pass it through an 80-100 mesh screen to remove finer grit. after drying to the desired wetness, the clay will be ready to use.you will need to experiment in the kiln to find the right bisque and maturation temperatures, as well as shrinkage and glaze fit, and you will most likely have to add additional clay and chemicals to achieve the desired final properties.here are some basic troubleshooting tips to help: if your wet clay doesn't hold its form enough, add ball clay. if your clay is too plastic, or too sticky to work with, add fireclay. if your clay is too dark, matures at too low a temperature, is brittle when fired or shrinks too much, add kaolin.below is a tried and true earthenware recipe for use with local clays. continue reading → this entry was posted in diy and tagged clay on november 5, 2014 by big ceramic store.top 10 ways to decorate with oxidesyou’ve probably heard of oxides, but you're probably wondering how they are used.well you've come to the right place! here are the top 10 ways to experiment with oxides.brush oxides on greenware, bisque and/or glaze.make some slip and add some oxides to create colors. to get more uniform colors mix well. to get more random, blotchy colors, don’t mix too well.brush oxide wash over an unfired glaze, then fire. be very careful when handling as you may smudge the oxide.brush oxides on, then apply glaze. best to dip or spray to avoid brushing the oxide off (and if dipping, best to put some glaze aside so oxide doesn’t contaminate your whole batch of glaze). generally, the stronger the oxide wash, the more it will bleed through the glaze.mix ball clay with your oxide/water. this gives a better consistency and tones down the color.brush a couple different oxides on, overlapping in areas.sgraffito. brush on oxide. when dry, scratch with a sharp tool through the oxide to show the clay underneath. cover with transparent or translucent glaze. or do the same thing with oxide over unfired glaze.spatter wax on the surface, and paint the oxide wash over that.use other masking techniques, such as torn, wet newspaper, and paint an oxide wash over it.sprinkle a variety of different oxides on a newspaper. place leather-hard objects onto the oxide mixture (for example, a piece of tile). or use a piece of styrofoam or a sponge to pick up the oxide and transfer it to your piece. keep the pattern as it lands, or smear it around. in this case if you’re once firing you can add glazes. otherwise bisque and apply glazes; the oxides will still interact with the glazes when fired together.keep in mind, oxides are strong colorants, so a little bit goes a long way. in a solution you will probably only want about 2-8% or you will end up with black.be sure to use a respirator or mask when handling the dry oxides and remember that using oxides like this will provide unpredictable, but sometimes beautiful results. test and take notes! this entry was posted in top 10 lists and tagged decoration, oxides on october 29, 2014 by big ceramic store.gorgeous pottery we here at big ceramic store love pottery just as much as you do, so when our customers send us some of their spectacular creations, we get very excited!check out these two inspiring pieces from our friends over at chrysalis pottery:have a piece of your own you'd like to share? leave a link here in the comments! this entry was posted in customer pottery and tagged customer pottery on october 22, 2014 by big ceramic store. 10 item(s)search recent posts rolling coils for handbuilding product spotlight: amaco velvet underglazes piercing and carving double-walled vessels awaken your pottery with texture our favorite warm glass projectsarchives december 2014 november 2014 october 2014categories customer pottery diy product spotlight projects tips & tricks top 10 lists close   my accountsign innewsletterwishlist company infoabout uscareersour team customer servicehelp and faqs“how-to”sgift certificatescontact us terms and policiesshipping policyreturn policyprivacy policyterms of use stay connectedfacebookpinteresttwitter big ceramic store supporting since 1999 {{label}}{{label}}information close xan error occured close x back to top