来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20221206013204/https://bigceramicstore.com/policies/shipping-policy
================================================================================

subscribe & save sign up to our newsletter and never miss a sale, new product announcements, and much much more! your email subscribe covid-19 notice - closed for business for an indefinite period subscribe & save covid-19 message please note we are closed for business due to covid-19. home need help? call us 855-994-2233 support@bigceramicstore.com follow us facebook instagram pinterest currency: usdcadeurgbp all categories all categoriesbatsbats - adaptersbats - drilledbats - hardboardbats - masonite / medexbats - plasticbats - systemsbats - trimmingbats - undrilledbooks & dvdschemicalsclay - air dryclay - bisqueclay - casting slipclay - class kitsclay - coloredclay - dryclay - high-fireclay - low fireclay - low-fireclay - mid-fireclay - mid-high fireclay - modelingclay - modeling clayclay - self hardeningclay - self-hardeningcustom bundleequipment - accessoriesequipment - cleaningequipment - die setsequipment - extrudersequipment - pugmillsequipment - slab rollersequipment - studio furnitureequipment - tile pressesequipment accessoriesextrudersextruders - partsglazesglazes - acrylicsglazes - additivesglazes - class packsglazes - color chartsglazes - colored chartsglazes - dryglazes - finishesglazes - high fireglazes - high-fireglazes - low fireglazes - low-fireglazes - mid-fireglazes - overglazesglazes - rakuglazes - underglazesglazes - wax resistkiln accessorieskilns - accessorieskilns - ceramic kiln upgradeskilns - ceramic kilns accessorieskilns - electrickilns - elementskilns - furniture kitskilns - gaskilns - glass kiln upgradeskilns - partskilns - parts - thermocoupleskilns - postskilns - rackskilns - rolling standskilns - spurskilns - stiltskilns - upgradeskilns - ventsslab rollers - partsstainstools & suppliestools - airbrushestools - brushestools - caliperstools - canvastools - carvingtools - cleaningtools - decoratingtools - firing suppliestools - glaze makingtools - grindingtools - gripstools - handbuildingtools - knivestools - lacetools - matstools - measuringtools - ribstools - sculptingtools - setstools - sliptools - texturetools - throwingtools - tool kitstools - trimmingwheel accessorieswheels - budgetwheels - partswheels - professionalwheels - standardwheels - wheel accessorieswheels - wheel parts close currency usd usdcadeurgbp login / signup my account login to my account enter your e-mail and password: email password login new customer? create your account lost password? recover password recover password enter your email: email recover remembered your password? back to login create my account please fill in the information below: first name last name email password create my account already have an account? login here 0 cart home shipping policy general shipping information shipping for non-equipment orders, your shipping will be calculated at checkout after you enter your state/province and zip/postal code. checkout uses the weight and size of the items and your destination to calculate these rates. in the continental us, our primary shipping method is ups. ups is economical, and packages are insured and tracked. however, we may use the postal service at our discretion. this will not affect your shipping cost and you will still be charged the amount that was in your shopping cart at the time of order. for equipment orders that do not include free shipping or orders weighing more than 199 pounds, you may place your order at checkout and we will contact you afterwards with shipping options and rates. international shipping, including canada, is currently not calculated at checkout. you may place your order at checkout and we will contact you afterwards with shipping options and rates. if you have any questions, please email or call our customer service at support@bigceramicstore.com or 888-513-5303. we apologize for any inconvenience this may cause. most orders are shipped and processed within the same day or 24 hours from the moment we receive them, but definitely not all. if you order pass 3pm pacific, you order will be processed the next business day. another reason for the delay is that sometimes items are out of stock, and if we expect them soon we will hold the order until they arrive. otherwise, we will split your shipment free of cost. for orders to alaska, hawaii, us territories or outside of the us, we will notify you and hold your order until all items are in stock. other items such as kilns are typically custom-made and can take anywhere from one to six weeks for delivery. if you need something by a certain date, please make sure you let us know so we can inform you if this is possible. type your requested or required delivery date in the comments and we will let you know as soon as possible. heavy or fragile items (such as most kilns, wheels, and pug mills, slab rollers, and large quantities of clay or chemicals) ship by truck. in many cases, free shipping is included. if shipping is not included, you can email us for a quote, or submit your order and we will email you a quote for your approval. when free shipping is offered, it applies to most destinations in the continental us. it does not include hi, ak or us territories, or any international destinations. it also does not include some remote areas in the continental us. if you're curious about the location where you live, please email and ask us about it. (note: it is very unusual for an address in the continental us to not be covered by the free shipping. manhattan and islands that can only be reached by boat or airplane are the most common). undeliverable or returned packages:please check your address carefully. if a package shipped to you is not deliverable at the address you provided, you will be charged a $9.95 re-addressing fee. that assumes they are able to correct the address and deliver the package. if the address cannot be corrected and the package is returned to us, you will be charged for both the original shipping cost, and the return shipping cost. please double-check the addresses you provide when ordering. for truck shipments, similar rules apply, but at possibly higher cost, as it varies from carrier to carrier. alaska and hawaii customers:we can ship your items by usps priority mail. please request it in the comments when you check out, and we will let you know the options and rates. we will use flat rate boxes whenever possible. refusing a kiln or equipment shipment will also incur a 20% restocking fee, plus all additional related fees resulting from the refusal to receive a confirmed equipment/kiln order. kiln orders all non-120 volt kiln orders will be confirmed prior to shipment. this is to assure you ordered the options and features you wanted, in particular the voltage and phase. most kilns are built to order, non-cancelable, and non-returnable. if you need to cancel your kiln order after we submit it to the manufacturer, and before it ships, it may be possible to cancel for a cancellation/restocking fee. this is dependent on the policies of the manufacturer and the costs that we have incurred, and will be handled on a case by case basis. however, if you do not cancel your order before we submit the order to the manufacturer, you will incur a 20% restocking fee. in no case will the cancellation fee be less than 20%. most kilns are custom made and take 2-6 weeks plus transit time. smaller kilns usually take less than larger kilns. if you need a kiln faster, please ask us what we have in stock. or sometimes we can have kilns rush built so you can get it by a certain date. when you purchase a non 120v kiln, or most items that ship by truck, you will receive an email from us with questions about your delivery and any questions about product options. here are our instruction on receiving kilns. please read these when ordering and refer to these when your kiln is being delivered. international orders please note: international shipping, including canada, is currently not calculated at checkout. you may place your order at checkout and we will contact you afterwards with shipping options and rates. if you have any questions, please email or call our customer service at support@bigceramicstore.com or 888-513-5303. we apologize for any inconvenience this may cause. canada: we offer the ups e-tailer brokerage program (ebp) to canadian customers. the ebp offers a flat brokerage rate of $10.00.  to qualify shipments must be less than $200 (canadian value), and must be shipped via the standard method (ground to canada) for non-commercial end (or residential) use. the official description of the ebp from ups: “canada customs requires canadian recipients to pay applicable duties and taxes on each shipment entering canada. these charges may include pst, gst, hst, duties and other taxes of goods (e.g. excise tax). a brokerage fee is also charged to process shipments and present the requisite customs paperwork to canada customs on the importer’s behalf. your order will be shipped under ups’s e-tailer brokerage program (ebp), where eligible shipments imported into canada for non-commercial purposes and valued under cad$ 200 shipped via ups standard service are subject to a reduced brokerage fee of cad$ 10, plus any applicable duties and taxes. shipments valued at cad$200 and above and/or being imported to canada for commercial purposes and/or subject to specialized clearance may incur additional fees. please, be aware that ups will request payment of these charges at the time of delivery. you have the ability to call ups ahead of time (1-800-742-5877) to pay these charges, eliminating the need for payment on delivery.” we also offer the worldwide expedited method to canada. customs brokerage fees are waived; however, your order will be subject to duties and other taxes of goods. the delivery commitment is two days. we ship heavy items such as kilns, pug mills, and slab rollers to canada. you may place your order at checkout and we will contact you afterwards with shipping options and rates. customers with these orders that do not ship via ups are required to have their own customs broker. we are not responsible for fees associated with international shipping. we recommend using pacific customs brokers for one time freight shipments to canada. free shipping, where offered, is not applicable to canada. we will apply a credit equal to free shipping in the us and send you the difference for your approval. rest of world: we ship internationally to more than 220 countries and territories via ups worldwide expedited. customs brokerage fees are waived; however, your order will be subject to duties and other taxes of goods. the delivery commitment is two to six days. we ship heavy items such as kilns, pug mills and slab rollers internationally via ups freight or to a freight forwarder anywhere in the continental us. you may place your order at checkout and we will contact you afterwards with shipping options and rates. if you choose to use a freight forwarder, you will be responsible for arranging shipping from the freight forwarder to your destination. we will not be responsible for any damages or losses occurred after we deliver the shipment to the freight forwarder. free shipping, where offered, is not applicable to international destinations. we will apply a credit equal to free shipping in the us and send you the difference for your approval. refusing a kiln or equipment shipment will also incur a 20% restocking fee, plus all additional related fees resulting from the refusal to receive a confirmed equipment/kiln order. freezing unfortunately, during the winter season, shipments of glazes sometimes freeze. while we make an effort to protect the glazes, shipping carriers may process packages through cold, unheated facilities where they are susceptible to the elements. the good news is, although your glaze arrived frozen, it is still usable! simply let it thaw naturally at room temperature, and then mix or shake the glaze as you normally would prior to use. if freezing caused a minor leak at the jar lid, the glaze should be fine. if a measurable portion of the glaze is gone, it should not be used, since if the glaze components leaked in disproportionate amounts, then the composition may have changed and it may not fire correctly. while we're confident that your glaze will work properly for all intended purposes, if you feel that the product is in some way inadequate, please let us know. where do you ship from? we ship from various locations. most shipments come from our warehouses in nevada and new hampshire. sometimes (especially on large, custom items) we will ship directly from the manufacturer. this mostly happens with kilns because it is hard to stock all the options. local pick up local customers are welcome to pick their orders up at our facilities in sparks, nv or west lebanon, nh.  when placing an order, select that option. about us bigceramicstore.com is the leading retailer of pottery supplies and equipment in the united states.  since 1999, we've been committed to supporting creative artists. whether you're just starting out or are an expert potter, we have the right products for you.  and if you need help deciding what to get, fear not.  we have expert potters on staff to help you along the way.  we're here for you!  we ship products from sparks, nv and west lebanon, nh, so you can count on getting your supplies fast. helpful links your wishlist store finder frequently asked questions about us shipping policy refund policy privacy policy © bigceramicstore.com follow us