来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20171215041414/https://www.charlesandcolvard.com/warranty/
================================================================================

charles & colvard warranty for our moissanite | charles & colvard javascript seems to be disabled in your browser. for the best experience on our site, be sure to turn on javascript in your browser. google translate is a free, automated computer translation offered by google llc that is only an approximation of this website’s original content and is provided for your convenience. please note that not all text may be translated accurately or be translated at all, and should only be used as a general guide. in the event of a discrepancy, the english original will prevail, subject always to the terms of use. for any clarifications of information, please contact us at: sales@charlesandcolvard.com. for more information on accuracy of translations, visit: http://translate.google.com/support/. google llc is not in any way affiliated with charles & colvard, ltd. free shipping, free returns. limited lifetime warranty. nasdaq:cthr 877-202-5467my cart toggle nav my cart compare products shop engagement rings solitaire ringshalo ringsside-stone rings3 stone ringsbridal setsvintage rings wedding rings classic bandseternity bandsanniversary bandsmen's bands fine jewelry ringsstackable ringsfashion ringsearringsstud earringsdrop earringssingle studsbraceletsall braceletsnecklacessolitaire necklaceshalo necklacesfashion necklaces loose gems roundcushionemeraldovalsquareradiantpearhearts & arrowsasscherprincessmarquisehearttrillionexotics featured mother's day giftsnew arrivalsbest sellersshe should rungreen moissaniteready-to-ship giftsview all jewelrypersonalized jewelry why moissanite blog searchsearch advanced searchsearch why moissanite shop blog about us our company customer care trade partners where to buy back shopengagement ringswedding ringsfine jewelryloose gemsfeatured back engagement ringssolitaire ringshalo ringsside-stone rings3 stone ringsbridal setsvintage rings back wedding ringsclassic bandseternity bandsanniversary bandsmen's bands back fine jewelryringsstackable ringsfashion ringsearringsstud earringsdrop earringssingle studsbraceletsall braceletsnecklacessolitaire necklaceshalo necklacesfashion necklaces back loose gemsroundcushionemeraldovalsquareradiantpearhearts & arrowsasscherprincessmarquisehearttrillionexotics back featuredmother's day giftsnew arrivalsbest sellersshe should rungreen moissaniteready-to-ship giftsview all jewelrypersonalized jewelry back community social channels blog as seen in back our company leadership news / press releases investor relations careers back customer care free shipping returns payment options moissanite faq lifetime warranty back trade partners trade portal authorized dealers back where to buy find a store online partners international free shipping, free returns. limited lifetime warranty. sign in favorites live chat 877-202-5467 payment options charles & colvard warranty charles & colvard warranty customer care free shipping free returns payment options customer reviews moissanite faq charles & colvard warranty contact us home warranty customer care free shipping free returns payment options customer reviews moissanite faq charles & colvard warranty contact us live chat 877-202-5467 email us charles & colvard is dedicated to creating and delivering socially-responsible gemstones and fine jewelry that lasts a lifetime. part of our promise is to provide a first-rate customer experience by making products that exceed expectations. with every gemstone and jewelry item we offer a certificate of authenticity and limited warranty, so you can enjoy your moissanite with confidence. jewelry register a warranty charles & colvard® limited warranty and certificate of authenticity – forever onetm moissanite jewelry charles & colvard® provides a limited warranty that applies to your purchase of charles & colvard created moissanite® jewelry and forever onetm moissanite gem(s). the terms of the limited warranty include a warranty against defects in material and workmanship in the forever one moissanite gem(s) (limited lifetime warranty) and in the jewelry (12-month limited warranty) made by charles & colvard. • this limited warranty covers optical properties of the forever one moissanite stone including brilliance and fire, and the physical integrity of the forever one moissanite stone including chipping, breaking, scratching, and abrasions. it does not cover: (a) damage or defects as a result of abuse, misuse, loss, or theft of your moissanite gem(s); or (b) damage or defects related to abuse, misuse, loss, or theft of your jewelry piece. • all implied warranties, including any implied warranty of merchantability or fitness for a particular purpose, are hereby disclaimed. the sole and exclusive remedy for any defect covered by this limited warranty is as follows: for jewelry, during the first 12 months after the date of your purchase, and for forever one moissanite gems, during your lifetime, charles & colvard will, at its option, repair the jewelry and/or the forever one moissanite gemstone(s), or replace with jewelry and/or forever one moissanite gemstone(s) of equal or greater quality, without charge to you. you will be responsible for any cost of shipment of your jewelry/gems to charles & colvard, and charles & colvard will not be responsible for any damage or loss during shipment. •  the limited warranty is effective as of the date of purchase. receiving any remedy provided herein requires you to have registered your purchase online at warranty.charlesandcolvard.com (or warranty.charlesandcolvard.net.cn for all asian countries). • your charles & colvard created moissanite jewelry and gem(s) are subject to the terms as set forth herein. in the unlikely event you have an issue or concern with your jewelry or moissanite gem(s), please contact charles & colvard at 1-800-210-gems, with a copy of your receipt and warranty card, and a customer service representative will direct you accordingly. • this limited warranty applies to the sale of the jewelry and forever one moissanite gem(s) that are 4mm in size or larger and sold directly to the end-consumer purchaser. this limited warranty is transferrable by the end-consumer purchaser only where the forever one jewelry and moissanite gem(s) are gifted to a third-person, provided that the recipient of the gifted jewelry and forever one moissanite gem(s) registers the transferred limited warranty directly with charles & colvard and presents to charles & colvard the end-consumer’s purchase receipt and a valid government-issued form of personal identification. • charles & colvard does not endorse or approve any third-party alterations or treatments to any charles & colvard created moissanite. such processes may be temporary and could lessen the durability and value of the moissanite gem(s). accordingly, any third-party alterations or treatments to your jewelry piece will void the charles & colvard created moissanite limited warranty that accompanies each purchase. • your purchase, including this limited warranty, is governed by the substantive laws of north carolina without giving effect to any conflict of laws provisions. the united nations convention on contracts for the international sale of goods shall not apply to your purchase or the limited warranty. the jewelry warranty terms listed here apply to purchases made after october 3, 2016. if you purchased charles & colvard moissanite gemstones and/or jewelry before october 3, 2016, please click here. certificate of authenticity for charles & colvard created moissanite® the forever one moissanite gemstone you have purchased from charles & colvard is authentic charles & colvard created moissanite and is the result of more than twenty years of innovation and refinement. skilled technicians carefully select rough blocks of raw moissanite, looking for the lines of pure brilliance hidden inside. master gemcutters polish and facet each one, patiently drawing out the gem’s full beauty. your forever one moissanite gemstone was manufactured by charles & colvard to meet its rigorous specifications, and is held to a higher standard through our limited warranty’s guarantee that your forever one moissanite gemstone will retain its fire and brilliance during your lifetime. authentic charles & colvard created moissanite is also environmentally and socially responsible, and leads the way for conflict-free choices in the industry. authenticity is important to charles & colvard. your forever one moissanite gemstone, if 4mm or larger, has been laser engraved with information to aid in confirming that your gemstone is authentic charles & colvard created moissanite. to enhance your ability to confirm the authenticity of your charles & colvard created moissanite, charles & colvard recommends that you retain your warranty card and purchase receipt, and that you register your moissanite gemstone with charles & colvard through its website. jewelry register a warranty charles & colvard® limited warranty and certificate of authenticity moissanite jewelry charles & colvard® provides a limited warranty that applies to your purchase of charles & colvard created moissanite® jewelry and gem(s). the terms of the limited warranty include a warranty against defects in material and workmanship in the moissanite gem(s) (limited lifetime warranty) and in the jewelry (12-month limited warranty) made by charles & colvard. • this limited warranty covers optical properties of the moissanite stone including brilliance and fire, and the physical integrity of the moissanite stone including chipping, breaking, scratching, and abrasions. it does not cover: (a) damage or defects as a result of abuse, misuse, loss, or theft of your moissanite gem(s); or (b) damage or defects related to abuse, misuse, loss, or theft of your jewelry piece. • all implied warranties, including any implied warranty of merchantability or fitness for a particular purpose, are hereby disclaimed. the sole and exclusive remedy for any defect covered by this limited warranty is as follows: for jewelry, during the first 12 months after the date of your purchase, and for moissanite gems, during your lifetime, charles & colvard will, at its option, repair the jewelry and/or the moissanite gemstone(s), or replace with jewelry and/or moissanite gemstone(s) of equal or greater quality, without charge to you. you will be responsible for any cost of shipment of your jewelry/gems to charles & colvard, and charles & colvard will not be responsible for any damage or loss during shipment. •  the limited warranty is effective as of the date of purchase. receiving any remedy provided herein requires you to have registered your purchase online at warranty.charlesandcolvard.com (or warranty.charlesandcolvard.net.cn for all asian countries). • your charles & colvard created moissanite jewelry and gem(s) are subject to the terms as set forth herein. in the unlikely event you have an issue or concern with your jewelry or moissanite gem(s), please contact charles & colvard at 1-800-210-gems, with a copy of your receipt and warranty card, and a customer service representative will direct you accordingly. • this limited warranty applies to the sale of the jewelry and moissanite gem(s) that are 4mm in size or larger and sold directly to the end-consumer purchaser. this limited warranty is transferrable by the end-consumer purchaser only where the jewelry and moissanite gem(s) are gifted to a third-person, provided that the recipient of the gifted jewelry and moissanite gem(s) registers the transferred limited warranty directly with charles & colvard and presents to charles & colvard the end-consumer’s purchase receipt and a valid government-issued form of personal identification. • charles & colvard does not endorse or approve any third-party alterations or treatments to any charles & colvard created moissanite. such processes may be temporary and could lessen the durability and value of the moissanite gem(s). accordingly, any third-party alterations or treatments to your jewelry piece will void the charles & colvard created moissanite limited warranty that accompanies each purchase. • your purchase, including this limited warranty, is governed by the substantive laws of north carolina without giving effect to any conflict of laws provisions. the united nations convention on contracts for the international sale of goods shall not apply to your purchase or the limited warranty. the jewelry warranty terms listed here apply to purchases made after october 3, 2016. if you purchased charles & colvard moissanite gemstones and/or jewelry before october 3, 2016, please  click here. certificate of authenticity for charles & colvard created moissanite® the moissanite gemstone you have purchased from charles & colvard is authentic charles & colvard created moissanite and is the result of more than twenty years of innovation and refinement. skilled technicians carefully select rough blocks of raw moissanite, looking for the lines of pure brilliance hidden inside. master gemcutters polish and facet each one, patiently drawing out the gem’s full beauty. your moissanite gemstone was manufactured by charles & colvard to meet its rigorous specifications, and is held to a higher standard through our limited warranty’s guarantee that your moissanite gemstone will retain its fire and brilliance during your lifetime. authentic charles & colvard created moissanite is also environmentally and socially responsible, and leads the way for conflict-free choices in the industry. authenticity is important to charles & colvard. your moissanite gemstone, if 4mm or larger, has been laser engraved with information to aid in confirming that your gemstone is authentic charles & colvard created moissanite. to enhance your ability to confirm the authenticity of your charles & colvard created moissanite, charles & colvard recommends that you retain your warranty card and purchase receipt, and that you register your moissanite gemstone with charles & colvard through its website. gemstones register a warranty charles & colvard® limited lifetime warranty and certificate of authenticity - forever onetm gemstones charles & colvard® provides a limited lifetime warranty that applies to your purchase of authentic charles & colvard created moissanite® forever onetm gem(s) that are 4mm in size or larger. the terms of the limited lifetime warranty include a warranty against defects in material and workmanship in the forever one moissanite gem(s). •  this limited lifetime warranty covers optical properties of the forever one moissanite stone including brilliance and fire, and the physical integrity of the forever one moissanite stone including chipping, breaking, scratching, and abrasions. it does not cover damage or defects as a result of abuse, misuse, loss, or theft of your forever one moissanite gem(s). •  all implied warranties, including any implied warranty of merchantability or fitness for a particular purpose, are hereby disclaimed. the sole and exclusive remedy for any defect covered by this limited lifetime warranty is that, during your lifetime, charles & colvard will, at its option, repair the item(s), or replace with item(s) of equal or greater quality, without charge to you. you will be responsible for any cost of shipment of your gem(s) to charles & colvard, and charles & colvard will not be responsible for any damage or loss during shipment. • the limited lifetime warranty is effective as of the date of purchase. receiving any remedy provided herein requires you to have registered your purchase online at warranty.charlesandcolvard.com (or warranty.charlesandcolvard.net.cn for all asian countries). • your charles & colvard created moissanite gem(s) are subject to the terms as set forth herein. in the unlikely event you have an issue or concern with your gem(s), please contact charles & colvard at 1-800-210-gems, with a copy of your receipt and warranty card, and a customer service representative will direct you accordingly. •  this limited lifetime warranty applies to the sale of forever one moissanite gems that are 4mm in size or larger and sold directly to the end-consumer purchaser. this limited lifetime warranty is transferrable by the end-consumer purchaser only where the forever one moissanite gem(s) are gifted to a third-person, provided that the recipient of the gifted forever one moissanite gem(s) registers the transferred limited lifetime warranty directly with charles & colvard and presents to charles & colvard the end-consumer’s purchase receipt and a valid government-issued form of personal identification. • charles & colvard does not endorse or approve any third-party alterations or treatments to any charles & colvard created moissanite. such processes may be temporary and could lessen the durability and value of the moissanite gem(s). accordingly, any third-party alterations or treatments will void the charles & colvard created moissanite limited lifetime warranty that accompanies each forever one moissanite gemstone purchase. • your purchase, including this limited lifetime warranty, is governed by the substantive laws of north carolina without giving effect to any conflict of laws provisions. the united nations convention on contracts for the international sale of goods shall not apply to your purchase or the limited lifetime warranty. the forever one moissanite gemstone warranty terms listed here apply to purchases made after october 3, 2016. if you purchased charles & colvard moissanite gemstones prior to october 3, 2016, please click here. authentic charles & colvard created moissanite® the forever one moissanite gemstone you have purchased from charles & colvard is authentic charles & colvard created moissanite and is the result of more than twenty years of innovation and refinement.  skilled technicians carefully select rough blocks of raw moissanite, looking for the lines of pure brilliance hidden inside.  master gemcutters polish and facet each one, patiently drawing out the gem’s full beauty.  your forever one moissanite gemstone was manufactured by charles & colvard to meet its rigorous specifications, and is held to a higher standard through our limited lifetime warranty’s guarantee that your forever one moissanite gemstone will retain its fire and brilliance during your lifetime.  authentic charles & colvard created moissanite is also environmentally and socially responsible, and leads the way for conflict-free choices in the industry. authenticity is important to charles & colvard.  your forever one moissanite gemstone has been laser engraved with information to aid in confirming that your gemstone is authentic charles & colvard created moissanite. to enhance your ability to confirm the authenticity of your charles & colvard created moissanite, charles & colvard recommends that you retain your warranty card and purchase receipt, and that you register your moissanite gemstone with charles & colvard through its website. gemstones register a warranty charles & colvard® limited lifetime warranty and certificate of authenticity gemstones charles & colvard® provides a limited lifetime warranty that applies to your purchase of authentic charles & colvard created moissanite® gem(s) that are 4mm in size or larger. the terms of the limited lifetime warranty include a warranty against defects in material and workmanship in the moissanite gem(s). • this limited lifetime warranty covers optical properties of the moissanite stone including brilliance and fire, and the physical integrity of the moissanite stone including chipping, breaking, scratching, and abrasions.  it does not cover damage or defects as a result of abuse, misuse, loss, or theft of your moissanite gem(s). • all implied warranties, including any implied warranty of merchantability or fitness for a particular purpose, are hereby disclaimed. the sole and exclusive remedy for any defect covered by this limited lifetime warranty is that, during your lifetime, charles & colvard will, at its option, repair the item(s), or replace with item(s) of equal or greater quality, without charge to you. you will be responsible for any cost of shipment of your gem(s) to charles & colvard, and charles & colvard will not be responsible for any damage or loss during shipment. •the limited lifetime warranty is effective as of the date of purchase.   receiving any remedy provided herein requires you to have registered your purchase online at warranty.charlesandcolvard.com (or warranty.charlesandcolvard.net.cn for all asian countries). • your charles & colvard created moissanite gem(s) are subject to the terms as set forth herein. in the unlikely event you have an issue or concern with your gem(s), please contact charles & colvard at 1-800-210-gems, with a copy of your receipt and warranty card, and a customer service representative will direct you accordingly. • this limited lifetime warranty applies to the sale of moissanite gems that are 4mm in size or larger and sold directly to the end-consumer purchaser. this limited lifetime warranty is transferrable by the end-consumer purchaser only where the moissanite gem(s) are gifted to a third-person, provided that the recipient of the gifted moissanite gem(s) registers the transferred limited lifetime warranty directly with charles & colvard and presents to charles & colvard the end-consumer’s purchase receipt and a valid government-issued form of personal identification. • charles & colvard does not endorse or approve any third-party alterations or treatments to any charles & colvard created moissanite. such processes may be temporary and could lessen the durability and value of the moissanite gem(s). accordingly, any third-party alterations or treatments will void the charles & colvard created moissanite limited lifetime warranty that accompanies each moissanite gemstone purchase. • your purchase, including this limited lifetime warranty, is governed by the substantive laws of north carolina without giving effect to any conflict of laws provisions. the united nations convention on contracts for the international sale of goods shall not apply to your purchase or the limited lifetime warranty. the moissanite gemstone warranty terms listed here apply to purchases made after october 3, 2016. if you purchased charles & colvard moissanite gemstones prior to october 3, 2016, please click here. authentic charles & colvard created moissanite® the moissanite gemstone you have purchased from charles & colvard is authentic charles & colvard created moissanite and is the result of more than twenty years of innovation and refinement.  skilled technicians carefully select rough blocks of raw moissanite, looking for the lines of pure brilliance hidden inside. master gemcutters polish and facet each one, patiently drawing out the gem’s full beauty.  your moissanite gemstone was manufactured by charles & colvard to meet its rigorous specifications, and is held to a higher standard through our limited lifetime warranty’s guarantee that your moissanite gemstone will retain its fire and brilliance during your lifetime.  authentic charles & colvard created moissanite is also environmentally and socially responsible, and leads the way for conflict-free choices in the industry. authenticity is important to charles & colvard.  your moissanite gemstone has been laser engraved with information to aid in confirming that your gemstone is authentic charles & colvard created moissanite.  to enhance your ability to confirm the authenticity of your charles & colvard created moissanite, charles & colvard recommends that you retain your warranty card and purchase receipt, and that you register your moissanite gemstone with charles & colvard through its website. melee gemstones register a warranty charles & colvard® limited lifetime warranty and certificate of authenticity moissanite melee gemstones charles & colvard® provides a limited lifetime warranty that applies to your purchase of authentic charles & colvard created moissanite® melee gem(s) that are less than 4mm in size.  the terms of the limited lifetime warranty include a warranty against defects in material and workmanship in the moissanite gem(s). • this limited lifetime warranty covers optical properties of the moissanite stone including brilliance and fire, and the physical integrity of the stone including chipping, breaking, scratching, and abrasions.  it does not cover damage or defects as a result of abuse, misuse, loss, or theft of your moissanite gem(s). • all implied warranties, including any implied warranty of merchantability or fitness for a particular purpose, are hereby disclaimed. the sole and exclusive remedy for any defect covered by this limited lifetime warranty is that, during your lifetime, charles & colvard will, at its option, repair the item(s), or replace with item(s) of equal or greater quality, without charge to you. you will be responsible for any cost of shipment of your gem(s) to charles & colvard, and charles & colvard will not be responsible for any damage or loss during shipment. • the limited lifetime warranty is effective as of the date of purchase.   receiving any remedy provided herein requires you to have registered your purchase online at warranty.charlesandcolvard.com (or warranty.charlesandcolvard.net.cn for all asian countries). • your charles & colvard created moissanite gem(s) are subject to the terms as set forth herein. in the unlikely event you have an issue or concern with your moissanite gem(s), please contact charles & colvard at 1-800-210-gems, with a copy of your receipt and warranty card, and a customer service representative will direct you accordingly. • this limited lifetime warranty applies to the sale of moissanite gems that are less than 4mm in size and sold directly to the end-consumer purchaser. this limited lifetime warranty is transferrable by the end-consumer purchaser only where the moissanite gem(s) are gifted to a third-person, provided that the recipient of the gifted moissanite gem(s) registers the transferred limited lifetime warranty directly with charles & colvard and presents to charles & colvard the end-consumer’s purchase receipt and a valid government-issued form of personal identification. • charles & colvard does not endorse or approve any third-party alterations or treatments to any charles & colvard created moissanite. such processes may be temporary and could lessen the durability and value of the moissanite gem(s). accordingly, any third-party alterations or treatments will void the charles & colvard created moissanite limited lifetime warranty that accompanies each moissanite gemstone purchase. • your purchase, including this limited lifetime warranty, is governed by the substantive laws of north carolina without giving effect to any conflict of laws provisions. the united nations convention on contracts for the international sale of goods shall not apply to your purchase or the limited lifetime warranty. authentic charles & colvard created moissanite® the moissanite gemstone you have purchased from charles & colvard is authentic charles & colvard created moissanite and is the result of more than twenty years of innovation and refinement.  skilled technicians carefully select rough blocks of raw moissanite, looking for the lines of pure brilliance hidden inside.  master gemcutters polish and facet each one, patiently drawing out the gem’s full beauty.  your moissanite gemstone was manufactured by charles & colvard to meet its rigorous specifications, and is held to a higher standard through our limited lifetime warranty’s guarantee that your moissanite gemstone will retain its fire and brilliance during your lifetime.  authentic charles & colvard created moissanite is also environmentally and socially responsible, and leads the way for conflict-free choices in the industry. authenticity is important to charles & colvard.  to enhance your ability to confirm the authenticity of your charles & colvard created moissanite, charles & colvard recommends that you retain your warranty card and purchase receipt, and that you register your moissanite gemstone with charles & colvard through its website. free shipping, free returns. limited lifetime warranty. sign in favorites live chat 877-202-5467 payment options charles & colvard warranty company about us as seen in leadership board of directors press releases investor relations careers brilliant rewards blog customer care free shipping free returns payment options customer reviews moissanite faq limited lifetime warranty contact us live chat 877-202-5467 mon-sat 9:00 am - 6:00 pm et trade partners trade portal authorized distributors where to buy find a store helzberg diamonds online shopping tv shopping international join the revolution.subscribe to receive updates on the latest styles and exclusive offers –right in your inbox! sign up now *discount not valid on loose gemstones, green moissanite, prior purchases or with any other offers. offer expires 11:59 pm pdt 04/30/18. terms of use privacy policy site map © 2018 charles & colvard® &amp;lt;img height="1" width="1" style="display:none;" alt="" src="https://ct.pinterest.com/v3/?tid=2620120640774&amp;amp;amp;noscript=1" /&amp;gt; &amp;lt;img src="//bat.bing.com/action/0?ti=5063163&amp;amp;amp;ver=2" height="0" width="0" style="display:none; visibility: hidden;" /&amp;gt;