来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20091227105532/http://www.babyage.com/helpdesk/shipping.htm
================================================================================

shipping and delivery - help desk - babyage.com help my account 1-800-babyage home my cart gift registry email sign-up sale search for products shipping and delivery - help desk categories car seats baby gear strollers baby bedding nursery & furniture toys diapers & feeding pregnancy apparel bath & potty health & safety how can we help you today? customer service phone: 1-800-babyage fax: 1-570-706-2459 online customer support: click here business hours: monday through friday, 9:00am - 7:00pm eastern time customer service hours: monday through friday, 9:00am - 3:00am eastern time saturday, 9:00am - 9:00pm eastern time sunday, 12:00pm - 9:00pm eastern time human resources phone: 1-570-706-2450, ext. 4000 fax: 1-570-821-1086 press inquiries phone: 1-570-706-2450, ext. 4218 corporate address: babyage.com, inc., 360 stewart road, wilkes barre, pa 18706 shipping and delivery shipping & estimated transit times your entire babyage.com order ships anywhere within the 48 continental united states for only $9.99! orders to hawaii, alaska, puerto rico, u.s. territories and apo/fpo addresses ship out for a flat rate of $27.99 shipping / delivery please see "how do i calculate my total shipping time?" for additional information. all orders in the continental u.s. ship out for the flat rate of $9.99. orders to hawaii, alaska, puerto rico, u.s. territories and apo/fpo addresses ship out for a flat rate of $27.99. there are no additional or oversized charges. $9.99 covers all of the items in your order. if you order 1 item, 5 items, or more, you still pay only $9.99. orders usually ship out from babyage.com the next business day after you place your order. please allow additional delivery time for drop ship and special order items. the expected processing time is located on each product page. free or discounted shipping coupon codes are only valid in the 48 contiguous u.s. states. coupons are not valid for orders shipping to hawaii, alaska, puerto rico, u.s. territories, canada or apo/fpo orders. please note: many of our products ship in their original packaging. if you are purchasing an unwrapped gift, please be aware that its contents will be visible to the recipient upon delivery. how do i calculate my total shipping time? the total shipping time for your order depends on the shipping method you select and the availability of the product you order. we offer several different shipping methods which are presented to you at checkout.  the shipping options that are presented to you at check out depend on the following: the item(s) that you purchase the in-stock availability of the product and advertised lead times the destination address each shipping method has its own restrictions and charges that will be applied to your order, and are based upon a calculation of order processing time and actual shipping time in business days. please note: fedex express shipping is only available on regular business days (monday – friday) orders placed after 3pm est, will ship next business day. please take this into account when choosing your express shipping options. when considering express shipping options, please review our regular fedex ground shipping map, as many locations will receive products within 1-3 business days with a regular fedex ground shipping option. regular fedex ground delivers tuesday through saturday. please note that business days are monday through friday, excluding federal holidays within the united states. calculating your estimated shipping date is based on several factors, including the destination address and the time it takes to obtain the items that you ordered (the "usually ships within" time is listed on each product detail page to help you gauge how quickly we can ship your order out to you). to calculate your estimated delivery date, take the "usually ships within" date which is listed in the "availability" section on the babyage.com product detail page ("usually ships in...) and add the time it takes a package to travel from our facilities to your destination address, based on the map above. please note that orders for multiple items or multiple copies of a single item may take longer to acquire before we're able to ship them to you. shipping of oversized items there are no extra shipping or handling charges for oversized items. please note that we cannot ship oversized items to p.o. boxes, hawaii, puerto rico, alaska, u.s. territories, and apo/fpo addresses. refusal of delivery if an order is refused, the customer will be responsible for the shipping costs back to babyage.com and any other costs that occur during the delivery process. incorrect shipping information if a package is returned to babyage.com due to an incorrect shipping address provided by a customer, the customer will be responsible for the return shipping cost as well as the redelivery cost. if a free shipping coupon was applied, it will not be valid due to the error on the customer's part, and the customer will be charged for all shipping costs. canadian shipping policy babyage.com fulfills online canadian orders through united parcel service. simply add items to your order and click on "check out" to complete your order. you will see your total shipping price including all duties, taxes, shipping and handling charges in u.s. dollars before you place your order. orders need to be paid in u.s. dollars. if you have any questions about canadian orders, call customer service at 1-800-babyage babyage.com does not accept canadian returns but will make every effort to assist you in resolving quality issues with the manufacturer. duty rates are determined on many factors including the product, the country where it was manufactured, etc. duty rates will be included in your total shipping price. you will see your total shipping price in u.s. dollars before you place your order. the tax rate applied to your order depends upon your ship-to destination. tax rates will be included in your total shipping price. you will see your total shipping price in u.s. dollars before you place your order. there is one option for canadian shipping. canadian deliveries usually ship within 5-7 business day from date order is placed. there is no expedited shipping for orders delivered to canada. refusal of delivery if an order is refused, the customer will be responsible for the shipping costs back to babyage.com and any other costs that occur during the delivery process. damaged/lost merchandise babyage.com is not responsible for packages lost or damaged during the shipping process. the customer is responsible for contacting babyage.com and we will contact the shipping carrier regarding lost or damaged packages. babyage.com is unable to accept cancellations as a result of damaged or lost merchandise. defective babyage.com is committed to providing top quality merchandise and will work closely with our manufacturers to ensure product integrity. however, should you receive an item that is defective, please contact the appropriate manufacturer directly for all product warranties, defects and repair issues. babyage.com does not accept canadian returns but will make every effort to assist you in resolving quality issues with the manufacturer. incorrect shipping information if a package is returned to babyage.com due to an incorrect shipping address provided by a customer, the customer will be responsible for the return shipping cost as well as the redelivery cost. if a package is delivered incorrectly or lost due to incorrect shipping information, babyage.com is not responsible. shipping delays babyage.com is committed to fulfilling orders within the timeframe specified on product pages. however, from time to time, there may be manufacturer delays beyond our control. if you do not receive your order tracker number within the time frame specified, don't panic. everything is probably fine and you will receive your order shortly. since some items ship directly from our suppliers, delays in sending your tracking confirmation may occur, even though the order has shipped. in very rare cases, an item may go out of stock after your order has been placed. if this should happen, we will contact you via email to notify you of the circumstance. product substitutes will be offered, whenever possible. if we are unable to fulfill the order, you will be promptly refunded. regardless of the delay, please be assured that we are working diligently to complete your shipment. free shipping with ez delivery our new ez delivery service provides free shipping on all of your "must-have" baby essentials like diapers, formula and wipes. the free shipping is guaranteed, no matter how long you continue your subscription — whether you cancel after just a single shipment or keep it going for years. shipping methods all orders within the continental us ship via ground delivery for a flat rate of $9.99. orders to hawaii, alaska, puerto rico, u.s. territories and apo/fpo addresses ship out for a flat rate of $27.99. additional shipping methods, such as overnight, 2nd day air are available, but are not valid for flat rate shipping. orders shipping other than ground will be subject to additional shipping fees based on zip code as specified at checkout. p.o.box and apo / fpo shipping info orders to p.o. boxes and apo/fpo addresses ship out for a flat rate of $27.99. please note that some items are not available to ship to p.o. boxes. in those cases, you will be notified via phone or email and an additional shipping address will be necessary for order processing. alaska, hawaii, puerto rico and u.s. territories shipping info orders to hawaii, alaska, puerto rico and u.s. territories ship out for a flat rate of $27.99. international orders at this time, we do not accept international orders or international payment. tracking shipments you can check the status of an order once you have received an email from babyage.com with a tracking code. simply click on the link included in the email and you will be directed to the shipper's website where you can track the progress of your package. it is our pleasure to make your experience at babyage.com pleasant and satisfying. don't be afraid to contact us with any questions or concerns you may have. please keep in mind that all refunds and exchanges are subject to the final approval of the babyage.com customer service department. we appreciate your understanding of the babyage.com policies and we look forward to providing you with the very best service possible. that is our commitment to you! lost or damaged upon arrival of your shipment, please check the contents of your package immediately and report any discrepancies or damages within 7 business days of receipt of merchandise. babyage.com must report all damages immediately to the carrier for inspection; therefore, we ask that you keep all merchandise and packaging in as delivered condition. claims issued on damaged or lost orders can take the carrier 7-10 days to process. once a claim has been initiated and processed, a replacement will be sent. we are unable to accept cancellations on merchandise after it arrives damaged or is lost but we will make every effort to correct this situation. lost packages are usually located by the carrier and delivered. to avoid duplicate shipments, replacements will be sent after the claims process is complete. although we are unable expedite replacements, please be assured that babyage.com will work diligently with the carrier to resolve these matters in the most efficient way possible. » back to help company info shipping & returns privacy shopping sponsors services about us careers affiliate program follow us: return policy shipping policy shipping map privacy policy anti-spam policy terms of use sitemap shop all brands free shipping items gift certificates baby name registry celebrity babies blog baby store blog gift registry buying guides ez delivery copyright ©2009 babyage.com. all rights reserved.