来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20091227105532/http://www.babyage.com/strollers.htm
================================================================================

strollers - strollers, baby strollers, jogging strollers - babyage.com help my account 1-800-babyage home my cart gift registry email sign-up sale search for products strollers - strollers, baby strollers, jogging strollers categories car seats baby gear strollers baby bedding nursery & furniture toys diapers & feeding pregnancy apparel bath & potty health & safety narrow results for strollers category clear category selection multiple strollers single strollers stroller toys & accessories travel systems brand clear brand selection baby jogger baby planet baby trend boppy company bowron britax bugaboo frog bumbleride chicco combi compass cosco eddie bauer evenflo foundations gogo babyz graco grand touring baby gustav maxwell his juveniles infantino inglesina instep jeep jj cole collections kelty k.i.d.s. kolcraft mountain buggy prince lionheart quinny rover gear safety 1st sashas sassy schwinn stokke stroll-air the first years tiny love age clear age selection newborn 0-6 months 6-12 months 1 year 2 years 3 years 4 years 5 years 6 years 7 years 8 years 9 years 10 years color clear color selection price range reset graco baby travel gift pack "very nice and it was a free gift " kolcraft ibaby reclining umbrella stroller "we can drive the stroller with one hand. it has very smooth turns. the price, the smoothness & recli..." graco quattro tour sport travel system "the pictures do not do this stroller justice. the grey is a modern charcoal, the beige compliments t..." best seller product name price (low to high) price (high to low) brand name rating ship date relevancy view page 1 of 15 items per page: 20 40 60 80 view all kolcraft ibaby reclining umbrella stroller on sale - save over 35% $24.99 original price: $40.00 ships today - if ordered in the next 10 hrs 27 mins safety 1st eurostar travel system on sale - save over 5% $209.99 original price: $230.00 ships today - if ordered in the next 10 hrs 27 mins graco baby travel gift pack on sale - save over 65% $7.89 original price: $25.00 ships today - if ordered in the next 10 hrs 27 mins graco snugrider infant car seat frame on sale - save over 5% $64.99 original price: $69.99 ships today - if ordered in the next 10 hrs 27 mins graco betsey collection on sale - save over 10% $391.51 original price: $449.99 ships today - if ordered in the next 10 hrs 27 mins cortina keyfit 30 travel system in adventure best seller! $299.99 babyage low price! ships today - if ordered in the next 10 hrs 27 mins jeep overland limited jogging stroller best seller! $209.99 babyage low price! ships today - if ordered in the next 10 hrs 27 mins instep - quick 'n ez bike trailer on sale - save over 40% $94.80 original price: $168.00 buy today! ships in 2-3 business days jj cole urban bundle me toddler bunting available in 3 patterns $47.77 - $59.95 original price: $69.95 ships today - if ordered in the next 10 hrs 27 mins bumbleride indie twin stroller available in 5 patterns $659.99 original price: $695.00 ships today - if ordered in the next 10 hrs 27 mins chicco keyfit 30 travel system $319.99 babyage low price! ships today - if ordered in the next 10 hrs 27 mins jeep wrangler sport all-weather umbrella stroller on sale - save over 20% $49.99 original price: $65.00 ships today - if ordered in the next 10 hrs 27 mins graco quattro tour sport stroller available in 3 patterns $117.99 - $169.99 babyage low price! ships today - if ordered in the next 10 hrs 27 mins instep run around ltd jogging stroller on sale - save over 15% $107.99 original price: $129.99 expected to ship on 12/30/2009 baby jogger city mini single rain canopy- pvc free $39.95 babyage low price! buy today! ships in 2-3 business days instep - run around ltd jogging stroller on sale - save over 35% $114.39 original price: $182.00 buy today! ships in 2-3 business days mountain buggy urban jungle double stroller w/ carry cot on sale - save over 55% $499.99 original price: $1,149.99 ships today - if ordered in the next 10 hrs 27 mins baby trend sit n stand plus w/ parent tray available in 2 patterns $159.99 original price: $200.00 ships today - if ordered in the next 10 hrs 27 mins rover gear - westport+ car seat travel bag on sale - save over 25% $59.99 original price: $79.99 buy today! ships in 48 hours instep safari swivel jogging stroller available in 3 colors $135.50 - $159.99 original price: $169.50 buy today! ships in 3-5 business days best seller product name price (low to high) price (high to low) brand name rating ship date relevancy view page 1 of 15 combi medium stroller weather cover $14.99 rover gear - chelsea automobile seat-back protector $29.99 graco quattro tour deluxe stroller $156.40 jeep liberty limited urban terrain stroller $159.99 chicco trevi stroller $111.00 types of strollers baby strollers come in many different varieties and include single, double, and triple strollers. however, the most popular kind is still the old fashioned singles. when purchasing a baby stroller, you should first figure out which one is right for you. everybody has different needs, but it's our goal here to make sure you find the right one for you. there are baby strollers for parents who prefer jogging and there are also models of baby strollers for parents who like luxury. you might find that there are baby strollers in the middle as well which are intended to match your needs. here at babyage we want to ensure that our baby strollers are safe no matter which type it may be. each different one features a safety harness and is foldable for easy storage. we stock only the best quality baby strollers and make sure that they are competitively priced. below, you can look at just a few of baby stroller brands that we stock at babyage: graco strollers combi strollers evenflo strollers check out our quick guide to learn a bit more about the various types of strollers available: umbrella strollers why you should buy: typically used as a second stroller for quick trips, umbrella strollers are incredibly lightweight and affordable. made for your convenience, quick-folding systems close compactly for easy storage anywhere. certain models can open and close with just one hand, allowing you to set the stroller while holding your little one. what you need to know: umbrella strollers are not for newborns, as they rarely recline and lack adequate head support. however, they are perfectly suitable for most children at 6 months. parents find them great on shopping days as they are easy to navigate around crowds because of their small size. any extras? certain models may include cup holders, storage packs, or full-length handlebars, but these strollers are made for efficiency. instead of a single handlebar, there are two curved handles. features seen in other stroller models are removed to create the compact size and weight sought after in umbrella strollers. lightweight strollers why you should buy: it's all in the name – lightweight size through a sleek design, while still including many of the luxury features parents look for. the size and weight are great for storage and make for easy maneuverability. also, the weight allows parents to easily push the stroller with one hand by grabbing the middle of the handlebar. what you need to know: most lightweight strollers have padded seats that recline flat for newborns to ride in them. the weight capacities will allow your child to use them up to their preschool years. any extras? there's plenty. while most strollers have child trays and canopies for your little one, some have parent trays and undercarriage storage to bring along all your baby care necessities. the thick padded seats are equipped with either a 3 or 5-point harness for safety, as well as rear brake systems. several lightweight strollers even have one-hand, quick-fold mechanisms – a treasured feature for all parents. mid-size strollers why you should buy: looking for the stroller you'll only purchase once? this is it. high weight capacities, multiple recline positions, and ample features ensure that your little one can stroll from infant to big kid. a strong, full frame provides durability through the wear and tear of varying terrains and growing babies. what you need to know: mid-size strollers are larger than their counterparts, which may make them unmanageable for smaller parents. but, this weight is a direct result of the many features provided. any extras? thick head and back padding, child and parent trays, multiple position canopies, and loads of storage space are all standards on mid-size strollers. but, that's not all - some strollers even have reversible handles for front pushing, and suspension systems for smooth rides every time. double strollers why you should buy: well, you probably know why you should buy a double stroller. for twins or little siblings close in age, this is the most convenient way to travel. choose from side-by-side, tandem (one behind the other), or sit-n-stand styles to best suit your needs. what you need to know: parents with twins are better off purchasing side-by-side strollers to avoid fighting for the front seat. tandem strollers are often better for seat space and offer each child their own area. the sit-n-stand style is strictly for an older sibling – younger sibling combination. any extras? most of what is offered on single strollers will be available on double strollers. parent and child trays, multiple recline positions, loads of storage space, and comfortable interiors are usually provided. in some cases, you can even find double strollers with quick-fold technology. tandem strollers sometimes have elevated back seats to allow both children a clear view ahead. jogging strollers why you should buy: you don't need to be an athlete to take advantage of the unique amenities a jogging stroller offers. great for multiple terrains, the tires feature thick rubber grips with suspension systems for easy riding. the strollers have lightweight, aluminum frames and are streamlined to make that morning jog or speedy sprint a joy for you and your baby. what you need to know: jogging strollers are not safe for newborns, but are perfectly safe for children 6 months and older. you may want to purchase ventilated bug and rain covers to keep your baby comfortable inside. any extras? parent consoles are crucial for those long runs. many handlebars are ergonomically designed and adjustable to promote proper posture. sun canopies will make the trips more enjoyable for your little one, while padded shoulder straps on 5-point harnesses provide a secure, comfortable fit. multiple brake systems guarantee a safe stop. travel systems why you should buy: everything you need for trips with your baby – all in one package! most include a car seat base, rear-facing infant car seat, and mid-size stroller, which are all compatible with each other for on-the-go convenience. what you need to know: at 22 lbs, your child will have outgrown their car seat and will need a new one. the stroller, however, is still capable of holding your growing baby. any extras? this unique system allows you to move a sleeping child from car to stroller without disturbing them. simply detach the car seat from its base and latch it onto the stroller. the car seat and stroller even come in matching patterns! car seat carriers why you should buy: for a quick, easy transfer from car to stroller without disturbing your baby, a car seat carrier is the perfect purchase. compatible with almost any rear-facing infant car seat, this lightweight frame is great for watching your newborn's every adorable move on shopping trips and casual strolls. what you need to know: once your child outgrows their infant car seat, they will not be able to use the car seat carrier. by that time, however, they will need the accommodations that a larger, forward-facing stroller provides. any extras? car seat carriers are made with slim, lightweight dimensions for easy maneuverability. for this reason, it doesn't normally have the features of an actual stroller. however, certain models will have cup holders, adjustable handles, and storage baskets. others may have one-handed folding features for even easier on-the-go transfers. single strollers single strollers are the most popular baby strollers here at babyage. they are used for one child only and usually have room underneath the seat towards the back for storage. although simple in design, the single baby strollers come in different styles to fit different lifestyles. the jeep overland limited jogging stroller is a baby stroller that's geared more toward jogging. on the other hand, you might want the tour deluxe graco stroller because it's bigger and more luxurious. finally, a stroller like the metrolite stroller is a luxury stroller, but it is still very light-weight in nature and is more in the middle range of baby strollers. there are also several other types of single strollers. umbrella strollers are typically used as a second stroller for quick trips and are incredibly lightweight and affordable. made for your convenience, quick-folding systems close compactly for easy storage anywhere. certain models can open and close with just one hand, allowing you to set the stroller while holding your little one. umbrella strollers are not for newborns, as they rarely recline and lack adequate head support. however, they are perfectly suitable for most children at 6 months. parents find them great on shopping days as they are easy to navigate around crowds because of their small size.certain models may include cup holders, storage packs, or full-length handlebars, but these strollers are made for efficiency. instead of a single handlebar, there are two curved handles. features seen in other single stroller models are removed to create the compact size and weight sought after in umbrella strollers. mid-size strollers have high weight capacities, multiple recline positions, and ample features ensure that your little one can stroll from infant to big kid. a strong, full frame provides durability through the wear and tear of varying terrains and growing babies.mid-size strollers are larger than their counterparts, which may make them unmanageable for smaller parents. but, this weight is a direct result of the many features provided. they include thick head and back padding, child and parent trays, multiple position canopies, and loads of storage space. but, that's not all - some mid-size strollers even have reversible handles for front pushing, and suspension systems for smooth rides every time double strollers double strollers have much more room than single strollers and are meant to be used for two children. double baby strollers can either accompany two children side-by-side or even one in front of the other (tandem). it depends on the size and manufacturer of the stroller. the side-by-side stroller normally has one big canopy, while the other design has two small canopies. parents with twins are better off purchasing side-by-side double strollers to avoid fighting for the front seat. tandem strollers are often better for seat space and offer each child their own area. the sit-n-stand style is strictly for an older sibling – younger sibling combination.most of what is offered on single strollers will be available on double strollers. parent and child trays, multiple recline positions, loads of storage space, and comfortable interiors are usually provided. in some cases, you can even find double strollers with quick-fold technology. tandem strollers sometimes have elevated back seats to allow both children a clear view ahead. you can take a look at the different double stroller styles for yourself if you want; just click on one of the links below: double stroller (side-by-side) double stroller (2-in-a-row) jogging strollers jogging strollers are sleek in design and built for speed, but are equally as comfortable for your little one. most of them have a canopy to block the harmful rays from the sun as well as a reclining feature for extra comfort. the premier stroller for keeping active is the jeep overland limited jogging stroller. the jogging stroller is completely adjustable and has plenty of cargo room, but is also lightweight and durable to assure for a smooth ride. this product is geared for parents who are not only looking for a baby stroller, but for a fitness aid as well. jogging strollers are not safe for newborns, but are perfectly safe for children 6 months and older. you may want to purchase ventilated bug and rain covers to keep your baby comfortable inside. also, parent consoles are crucial for those long runs. many handlebars are ergonomically designed and adjustable to promote proper posture. sun canopies will make the trips more enjoyable for your little one, while padded shoulder straps on 5-point harnesses provide a secure, comfortable fit. multiple brake systems guarantee a safe stop. light-weight strollers have a sleek design, while still including many of the luxury features parents look for. the size and weight are great for storage and make for easy maneuverability. also, the weight allows parents to easily push the stroller with one hand by grabbing the middle of the handlebar. most lightweight strollers have padded seats that recline flat for newborns to ride in them. the weight capacities will allow your child to use them up to their preschool years. while most strollers have child trays and canopies for your little one, some have parent trays and undercarriage storage to bring along all your baby care necessities. the thick padded seats are equipped with either a 3 or 5-point harness for safety, as well as rear brake systems. several lightweight strollers even have one-hand, quick-fold mechanisms – a great feature for most parents. travel systems travel systems utilize a unique design that allows you to move sleeping children from cars into baby strollers without disturbing them. you just have to detach the car seat from its base and latch it onto the stroller. many premium strollers feature extras, like cup holders, adjustable handles, and storage baskets. others may have one-handed folding features for even easier on-the-go transfers. travel systems have everything you need for trips with your baby – all in one package! most include a car seat base, rear-facing infant car seat, and mid-size stroller, which are all compatible with each other for on-the-go convenience.at 22 lbs, your child will have outgrown their car seat and will need a new one. the stroller, however, is still capable of holding your growing baby. this unique travel system allows you to move a sleeping child from car to stroller without disturbing them. simply detach the car seat from its base and latch it onto the stroller. the car seat and stroller even come in matching patterns! there are graco strollers that are also available as travel systems as well as combi strollers. these travel systems are a smart and easy way to travel with your child and make it easier to manage. child bike trailers while most parents travel with their child in a stroller, a child bike trailer is a fun alternative!child bike trailers are meant for one child and are to be pulled by an adult on a bicycle. the trailers are durable and built for a smooth ride, and some of the trailers can even be used as baby strollers too. with a large variety of bike trailer models available, babyage makes it possible to find the perfect bike trailer based on your needs. company info shipping & returns privacy shopping sponsors services about us careers affiliate program follow us: return policy shipping policy shipping map privacy policy anti-spam policy terms of use sitemap shop all brands free shipping items gift certificates baby name registry celebrity babies blog baby store blog gift registry buying guides ez delivery copyright ©2009 babyage.com. all rights reserved.