来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20131205092936/http://www.babyage.com/strollers.htm
================================================================================

baby strollers | reliable travel strollers for your baby | babyage | babyage.com welcome! (log in) 1-800-babyage my account | home | baby strollers | reliable travel strollers for your baby | babyage my cart baby registry help search car seatsbaby gearstrollersbaby beddingcribs & furnituretoysdiapers & feedingpregnancyapparelbath & pottyhealth & safety sort best seller price (low to high) price (high to low) rating categorycarriages & prams 1full-size strollers 21infant car seat frames 2jogging strollers - double 19jogging strollers - single 29lightweight strollers - double 8lightweight strollers - single 22stroller accessories 24tandem strollers 9travel system 23triple & quad strollers 6 featured dealssale 4free shipping items 78 brand4moms 1baby jogger 17baby trend 12babyhome usa, inc. 1bob 11britax 7bumbleride 4combi 5foundations 7graco 5instep 13jeep 4kolcraft 4maxi-cosi 1mountain buggy 7nuna 1orbit baby 7peg perego 16phil&teds 12quicksmart 1quinny 5safety 1st 5schwinn 9skip hop 4summer infant 3 age12-24 months 12 years 13-4 years 215 & up 160 genderboy 4girl 5unisex 64 color price$250 - $1,000 82$100 - $250 60$50 - $100 11$25 - $50 4$10 - $25 7 ratings5.00 rating 284.00 rating 103.00 rating 3 email signup register for our emails & get $10 off your next order! parents in need of a stroller will love the wide selection available at babyage.com. browse through a list of top rated best selling items classified by category (jogging strollers, travel systems, etc.) or by brand including the britax b-nimble stroller and others from jeep, graco, baby jogger and more. whether you are looking for a stroller to take your baby on a light jog or seeking a travel system to accompany your baby's car seat, we have what you need for a child on the go. strollers 162 results view all 123…7> featured products 25% off combi catalyst stroller 5.00 rating (1 review) available in 2 colors $399.99 $298.49 - $303.99 in-stock! ships today! compare free shipping baby jogger city select stroller 3.00 rating (1 review) available in 6 colors $499.99 ships next business day compare free shipping phil&teds 2012 navigator stroller and doubles kit $649.98 in-stock! ships today! compare free shipping phil&teds dot stroller and doubles kit available in 3 colors $589.98 in-stock! ships today! compare strollers free shipping phil&teds navigator stroller with auto stop available in 3 colors $499.99 in-stock! ships today! compare free shipping mountain buggy duet stroller $599.99 in-stock! ships today! compare 42% off jeep wrangler sport jogging stroller 4.00 rating (1 review) $349.99 $201.49 in-stock! ships today! compare free shipping orbit baby stroller travel system g2 available in 2 colors $940.00 in-stock! ships today! compare free shipping mountain buggy free rider $99.99 in-stock! ships today! compare free shipping mountain buggy cosmopolitan stroller available in 3 colors $549.99 in-stock! ships today! compare free shipping phil&teds 2012 navigator stroller available in 2 colors $499.99 in-stock! ships today! compare 20% off 2013 schwinn turismo single swivel stroller available in 2 colors $249.99 $198.99 ships in 3-5 business days compare 20% off 2013 schwinn turismo double swivel stroller available in 2 colors $349.99 $278.99 ships in 3-5 business days compare safari double tandem stroller $259.99 $215.99 ships in 3-5 business days compare free shipping phil&teds dot stroller available in 3 colors $449.99 in-stock! ships today! compare free shipping orbit baby stroller g2 available in 2 colors $780.00 $659.99 in-stock! ships today! compare free shipping mountain buggy mini stroller $349.99 in-stock! ships today! compare 21% off 2013 schwinn arrow single jogger stroller $249.99 $195.49 ships in 3-5 business days compare jeep liberty sport x all-terrain stroller 5.00 rating (1 review) $179.99 $150.99 in-stock! ships today! compare free shipping peg perego 2012 vela easy drive stroller available in 3 patterns $229.99 ships in 2-3 business days compare free shipping baby jogger city mini double stroller available in 3 colors $449.99 ships in 2-3 business days compare 20% off 2013 schwinn arrow double jogger stroller $309.99 $247.49 ships in 3-5 business days compare free shipping mountain buggy terrain stroller 5.00 rating (1 review) available in 2 colors $549.99 $499.99 in-stock! ships today! compare free shipping quinny yezz stroller available in 2 colors $279.99 in-stock! ships today! compare 162 results view all 123…7> some of our 91 strollers reviews view all strollers reviews » user review for contours options tandem infant car seat adapter 5.00 rating best price!!!! by mom of 5 soon to be 7 the car seats fit beautiful in it. i was worried that they would not fit since there where the embrace 35 the new car seats from evenflo. i also loved the price because expecting twins thing can get very expensive when u have to purchase 2 of everything. view contours options tandem infant car seat adapter user review for instep® safari swivel double jogging stroller 5.00 rating love my instep by midwestmomma after spending weeks debating whether or not i should get a bob duallie, i read some fabulous reviews of the instep, decided to save some cash and order this in the grey/green. i am completely thrilled! what a great stroller, wish i would have purchased it a few years ago! i have a tall, slender 4 1/2 year old and a 2 year old and they fit well. i have owned other strollers, including a graco duoglide, and this is soooo much better! perfect for walks and light jogging. it is heavy, but folds very easily and fits well in the back of my pacifica. very smooth ride and doesn't feel like you're pushing much at all. love the fact that it has cup holders for kids and parents and some storage for keys or cell. easy to put together & the kids love it! i recommend this to anyone looking for a double stroller. love the grey/green and babyage's price was awesome, best i could find. also, the shipping time was pretty amazing, i ordered it late tues. night and it was here by friday before noon (and that was the free shipping offer)!! i have read on other reviews that it will fit any infant carseat, but i haven't tried. also, when i'm pushing just one child in it, it doesn't drift. i'm 5'7" and the handle height is great! thank you, babyage! view instep® safari swivel double jogging stroller user review for jeep liberty limited urban terrain stroller 5.00 rating great stroller w/ only a couple of minor flaws by kris i have had this stroller since march '04 and have used it on the beach & trekking across the little leage baseball fields for my older boys' games for for 2 seasons. i have gone through woods, over roots and thru ditches and this stroller handles it all very well. the fact it also holds a lot of stuff is also a big 'plus' for us. it's so easy to steer one handed and is the smoothest stroller i've ever used- and i went thru quite a few with my older boys. i have to say i disagree with other reviewers on a couple of things. i've put my stroller through a lot of hard use and never has any wheel come off. my neighbor also has this stroller (and older children to chase around the little league fields) and she has never had any trouble with a wheel falling off, either. my model is the one with the original foot rest- where if my son drops something it rolls down into the basket instead of on the ground. why did jeep change that? my neighbor hates the new footrest and i wouldn't want it either. as far as it tipping over and the child falling out... that's never happened to us either, but, that could happen with anything that is three-wheeled, hence the reason 3 wheeled atvs are no longer made. i did lose the flip top to the parent tray fairly soon after purchasing it as it flipped open when putting it in the trunk and then snapped off. also, the hand grip (which is very very comfy) tore somewhat easily & i was told by cust service that it can not be replaced. that, i think, is poor planning since the handle is always in contact with the floor of the car/trunk when folded for storage & is bound to get torn frequently. view jeep liberty limited urban terrain stroller user review for graco fastaction fold travel system 5.00 rating by tina thompson view graco fastaction fold travel system user review for combi twin sport stroller 5.00 rating great stroller by mom of 2 works great for my 3 1/2 yr old and 11 month old. fits through my front door just fine. storage under seems small, but will hold as much stuff as my old large singe stroller because it's one large basket under both chairs, not 2 small ones. view combi twin sport stroller types of strollers baby strollers come in many different varieties and include single, double, and triple strollers. however, the most popular kind is still the old fashioned singles. when purchasing a baby stroller, you should first figure out which one is right for you. everybody has different needs, but it's our goal here to make sure you find the right one for you. there are baby strollers for parents who prefer jogging and there are also models of baby strollers for parents who like luxury. you might find that there are baby strollers in the middle as well which are intended to match your needs. here at babyage we want to ensure that our baby strollers are safe no matter which type it may be. each different one features a safety harness and is foldable for easy storage. we stock only the best quality baby strollers and make sure that they are competitively priced. below, you can look at just a few of baby stroller brands that we stock at babyage: graco strollers combi strollers evenflo strollers check out our quick guide to learn a bit more about the various types of strollers available: umbrella strollers why you should buy: typically used as a second stroller for quick trips, umbrella strollers are incredibly lightweight and affordable. made for your convenience, quick-folding systems close compactly for easy storage anywhere. certain models can open and close with just one hand, allowing you to set the stroller while holding your little one. what you need to know: umbrella strollers are not for newborns, as they rarely recline and lack adequate head support. however, they are perfectly suitable for most children at 6 months. parents find them great on shopping days as they are easy to navigate around crowds because of their small size. any extras? certain models may include cup holders, storage packs, or full-length handlebars, but these strollers are made for efficiency. instead of a single handlebar, there are two curved handles. features seen in other stroller models are removed to create the compact size and weight sought after in umbrella strollers. lightweight strollers why you should buy: it's all in the name – lightweight size through a sleek design, while still including many of the luxury features parents look for. the size and weight are great for storage and make for easy maneuverability. also, the weight allows parents to easily push the stroller with one hand by grabbing the middle of the handlebar. what you need to know: most lightweight strollers have padded seats that recline flat for newborns to ride in them. the weight capacities will allow your child to use them up to their preschool years. any extras? there's plenty. while most strollers have child trays and canopies for your little one, some have parent trays and undercarriage storage to bring along all your baby care necessities. the thick padded seats are equipped with either a 3 or 5-point harness for safety, as well as rear brake systems. several lightweight strollers even have one-hand, quick-fold mechanisms – a treasured feature for all parents. mid-size strollers why you should buy: looking for the stroller you'll only purchase once? this is it. high weight capacities, multiple recline positions, and ample features ensure that your little one can stroll from infant to big kid. a strong, full frame provides durability through the wear and tear of varying terrains and growing babies. what you need to know: mid-size strollers are larger than their counterparts, which may make them unmanageable for smaller parents. but, this weight is a direct result of the many features provided. any extras? thick head and back padding, child and parent trays, multiple position canopies, and loads of storage space are all standards on mid-size strollers. but, that's not all - some strollers even have reversible handles for front pushing, and suspension systems for smooth rides every time. double strollers why you should buy: well, you probably know why you should buy a double stroller. for twins or little siblings close in age, this is the most convenient way to travel. choose from side-by-side, tandem (one behind the other), or sit-n-stand styles to best suit your needs. what you need to know: parents with twins are better off purchasing side-by-side strollers to avoid fighting for the front seat. tandem strollers are often better for seat space and offer each child their own area. the sit-n-stand style is strictly for an older sibling – younger sibling combination. any extras? most of what is offered on single strollers will be available on double strollers. parent and child trays, multiple recline positions, loads of storage space, and comfortable interiors are usually provided. in some cases, you can even find double strollers with quick-fold technology. tandem strollers sometimes have elevated back seats to allow both children a clear view ahead. jogging strollers why you should buy: you don't need to be an athlete to take advantage of the unique amenities a jogging stroller offers. great for multiple terrains, the tires feature thick rubber grips with suspension systems for easy riding. the strollers have lightweight, aluminum frames and are streamlined to make that morning jog or speedy sprint a joy for you and your baby. what you need to know: jogging strollers are not safe for newborns, but are perfectly safe for children 6 months and older. you may want to purchase ventilated bug and rain covers to keep your baby comfortable inside. any extras? parent consoles are crucial for those long runs. many handlebars are ergonomically designed and adjustable to promote proper posture. sun canopies will make the trips more enjoyable for your little one, while padded shoulder straps on 5-point harnesses provide a secure, comfortable fit. multiple brake systems guarantee a safe stop. travel systems why you should buy: everything you need for trips with your baby – all in one package! most include a car seat base, rear-facing infant car seat, and mid-size stroller, which are all compatible with each other for on-the-go convenience. what you need to know: at 22 lbs, your child will have outgrown their car seat and will need a new one. the stroller, however, is still capable of holding your growing baby. any extras? this unique system allows you to move a sleeping child from car to stroller without disturbing them. simply detach the car seat from its base and latch it onto the stroller. the car seat and stroller even come in matching patterns! car seat carriers why you should buy: for a quick, easy transfer from car to stroller without disturbing your baby, a car seat carrier is the perfect purchase. compatible with almost any rear-facing infant car seat, this lightweight frame is great for watching your newborn's every adorable move on shopping trips and casual strolls. what you need to know: once your child outgrows their infant car seat, they will not be able to use the car seat carrier. by that time, however, they will need the accommodations that a larger, forward-facing stroller provides. any extras? car seat carriers are made with slim, lightweight dimensions for easy maneuverability. for this reason, it doesn't normally have the features of an actual stroller. however, certain models will have cup holders, adjustable handles, and storage baskets. others may have one-handed folding features for even easier on-the-go transfers. single strollers single strollers are the most popular baby strollers here at babyage. they are used for one child only and usually have room underneath the seat towards the back for storage. although simple in design, the single baby strollers come in different styles to fit different lifestyles. the jeep overland limited jogging stroller is a baby stroller that's geared more toward jogging. on the other hand, you might want the tour deluxe graco stroller because it's bigger and more luxurious. finally, a stroller like the metrolite stroller is a luxury stroller, but it is still very light-weight in nature and is more in the middle range of baby strollers. there are also several other types of single strollers. umbrella strollers are typically used as a second stroller for quick trips and are incredibly lightweight and affordable. made for your convenience, quick-folding systems close compactly for easy storage anywhere. certain models can open and close with just one hand, allowing you to set the stroller while holding your little one. umbrella strollers are not for newborns, as they rarely recline and lack adequate head support. however, they are perfectly suitable for most children at 6 months. parents find them great on shopping days as they are easy to navigate around crowds because of their small size.certain models may include cup holders, storage packs, or full-length handlebars, but these strollers are made for efficiency. instead of a single handlebar, there are two curved handles. features seen in other single stroller models are removed to create the compact size and weight sought after in umbrella strollers. mid-size strollers have high weight capacities, multiple recline positions, and ample features ensure that your little one can stroll from infant to big kid. a strong, full frame provides durability through the wear and tear of varying terrains and growing babies.mid-size strollers are larger than their counterparts, which may make them unmanageable for smaller parents. but, this weight is a direct result of the many features provided. they include thick head and back padding, child and parent trays, multiple position canopies, and loads of storage space. but, that's not all - some mid-size strollers even have reversible handles for front pushing, and suspension systems for smooth rides every time double strollers double strollers have much more room than single strollers and are meant to be used for two children. double baby strollers can either accompany two children side-by-side or even one in front of the other (tandem). it depends on the size and manufacturer of the stroller. the side-by-side stroller normally has one big canopy, while the other design has two small canopies. parents with twins are better off purchasing side-by-side double strollers to avoid fighting for the front seat. tandem strollers are often better for seat space and offer each child their own area. the sit-n-stand style is strictly for an older sibling – younger sibling combination.most of what is offered on single strollers will be available on double strollers. parent and child trays, multiple recline positions, loads of storage space, and comfortable interiors are usually provided. in some cases, you can even find double strollers with quick-fold technology. tandem strollers sometimes have elevated back seats to allow both children a clear view ahead. you can take a look at the different double stroller styles for yourself if you want; just click on one of the links below: double stroller (side-by-side) double stroller (2-in-a-row) jogging strollers jogging strollers are sleek in design and built for speed, but are equally as comfortable for your little one. most of them have a canopy to block the harmful rays from the sun as well as a reclining feature for extra comfort. the premier stroller for keeping active is the jeep overland limited jogging stroller. the jogging stroller is completely adjustable and has plenty of cargo room, but is also lightweight and durable to assure for a smooth ride. this product is geared for parents who are not only looking for a baby stroller, but for a fitness aid as well. jogging strollers are not safe for newborns, but are perfectly safe for children 6 months and older. you may want to purchase ventilated bug and rain covers to keep your baby comfortable inside. also, parent consoles are crucial for those long runs. many handlebars are ergonomically designed and adjustable to promote proper posture. sun canopies will make the trips more enjoyable for your little one, while padded shoulder straps on 5-point harnesses provide a secure, comfortable fit. multiple brake systems guarantee a safe stop. light-weight strollers have a sleek design, while still including many of the luxury features parents look for. the size and weight are great for storage and make for easy maneuverability. also, the weight allows parents to easily push the stroller with one hand by grabbing the middle of the handlebar. most lightweight strollers have padded seats that recline flat for newborns to ride in them. the weight capacities will allow your child to use them up to their preschool years. while most strollers have child trays and canopies for your little one, some have parent trays and undercarriage storage to bring along all your baby care necessities. the thick padded seats are equipped with either a 3 or 5-point harness for safety, as well as rear brake systems. several lightweight strollers even have one-hand, quick-fold mechanisms – a great feature for most parents. travel systems travel systems utilize a unique design that allows you to move sleeping children from cars into baby strollers without disturbing them. you just have to detach the car seat from its base and latch it onto the stroller. many premium strollers feature extras, like cup holders, adjustable handles, and storage baskets. others may have one-handed folding features for even easier on-the-go transfers. travel systems have everything you need for trips with your baby – all in one package! most include a car seat base, rear-facing infant car seat, and mid-size stroller, which are all compatible with each other for on-the-go convenience.at 22 lbs, your child will have outgrown their car seat and will need a new one. the stroller, however, is still capable of holding your growing baby. this unique travel system allows you to move a sleeping child from car to stroller without disturbing them. simply detach the car seat from its base and latch it onto the stroller. the car seat and stroller even come in matching patterns! there are graco strollers that are also available as travel systems as well as combi strollers. these travel systems are a smart and easy way to travel with your child and make it easier to manage. child bike trailers while most parents travel with their child in a stroller, a child bike trailer is a fun alternative!child bike trailers are meant for one child and are to be pulled by an adult on a bicycle. the trailers are durable and built for a smooth ride, and some of the trailers can even be used as baby strollers too. with a large variety of bike trailer models available, babyage makes it possible to find the perfect bike trailer based on your needs. today's news celebrity babies blog the latest news of celebrity parents, the products they use and activities they enjoy with their kids adorably.com premium outlet shoppes for everything adorable™. remarkable sales + hyper limited quantities. sign up today! baby store.info get the "real scoop" on baby gear andinsightful information on the newestbaby products make way for baby buying guides > our buying guide includes a checklist of products for you to choose from to help you make the right decision. top rated car seats > check here to see what parents like you are choosing for the safety of their children. baby registry > create a registry for your new bundle of joy. our registry includes a check list of baby essentials to help you get started. a healthy start for baby > this guide offers information and advice to help you from pregnancy through taking care of your new arrival. follow us follow us on facebook follow us on twitter follow us on pinterest babyage shipping & returns privacy shopping sponsors about us careers affiliate program sitemap customer service return policy shipping policy shipping map privacy policy anti-spam policy terms of use all brands outlet store coupons baby name registry celebrity babies blog baby store blog babyadvisor © 1999-2013 babyage.com, inc. all rights reserved. this site protected by trustwave's trusted commerce program babyage.com accepts paypal, visa, mastercard, american express and discover