来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20141231085953/http://www.babyage.com/aboutus.htm
================================================================================

about us | babyage.com javascript seems to be disabled in your browser. you must have javascript enabled in your browser to utilize the functionality of this website. welcome! 1-800-babyage my account my cart checkout log in babyage.com search all all go car seatbaby gearstrollersbaby beddingcribs & furnituretoysdiapers & feedingpregnancyapparelbath & pottyhealth & safety home / about us about babyage.com born in 1999, we are headquartered in a 50,000 square foot state of the art warehouse facility in wilkes-barre, pennsylvania. you can count on us to provide you with the largest selection of high quality, brand name baby bedding, furniture, strollers, car seats, cribs and toys on the internet. our goal at babyage.com is to provide an exceptional online shopping experience and become the one-stop shopping source for parents and parents-to-be. accolades! january 2010:#2 rated online baby retailer (top 10 reviews) december 2009:hot 100 - 2010 best retail websites (internet retailer) may 2009:top websites in the specialty/non-apparel category - #31 (internet retailer)top 500 websites in the us - #280 (internet retailer) may 2008:top websites in the specialty/non-apparel category - #28 (internet retailer)top 500 websites in the us - #296 (internet retailer) november 2007:top websites in the childrens/toys category - #3 (internet retailer) december 2005:top 400 guide to retail websites - #194 (internet retailer) we are here to help as always, our customer service team is eager to help. click here to view our customer service options. babyage.com is committed to maintaining our customers' privacy. please read our privacy policy for more information. babyage.com executive team jack kiefer ceo mr. kiefer possesses a unique combination of business and technical expertise. a veteran of the internet and e-commerce, mr. kiefer is no stranger to start-up businesses. prior to co-founding babyage.com, he was responsible for building the first fixed income trading intranet for banc of america securities as he served as the vice president of corporate securities trading. preceding banc of america, mr. kiefer was vice president of technology for ibaby.com, the first e-commerce initiative for ivillage. mr. kiefer designed and managed the development of the e-commerce system for ibaby, with his most notable achievements coming with the advanced merchandising tools as well as complete inventory management. during mr. kiefer's tenure, ibaby revenues increased from $15,000 per month to $500,000 per month over a 6 month period. he also consulted with several start-up and small businesses on the internet development and business and marketing planning. he received his undergraduate degree in industrial engineering and his mba in entrepreneurial management/small business consulting from drexel university. babyage.com board of directors jack kiefer babyage.com chairman,board of directors mr. kiefer possesses a unique combination of business and technical expertise. a veteran of the internet and e-commerce, mr. kiefer is no stranger to start-up businesses. prior to co-founding babyage.com, he was read moreresponsible for building the first fixed income trading intranet for banc of america securities as he served as the vice president of corporate securities trading preceding banc of america, mr. kiefer was vice president of technology for ibaby.com, the first e-commerce initiative for ivillage. mr. kiefer designed and managed the development of the e-commerce system for ibaby, with his most notable achievements coming with the advanced merchandising tools as well as complete inventory management. during mr. kiefer's tenure, ibaby revenues increased from $15,000 per month to $500,000 per month over a 6 month period. he also consulted with several start-up and small businesses on the internet development and business and marketing planning. he received his undergraduate degree in industrial engineering and his mba in entrepreneurial management/small business consulting from drexel university. cameron k. brown babyage.com board of directors cam is president and founder of king fish media, an inc 2000 custom media company specializing in community-driven communication techniques for both b-to-b and b-to-c customers. king fish is located inread more salem, ma, and can be visited at www.kingfishmedia.com. prior to king fish, cam was at ziff davis media for 11 years, where he was managing director and publisher of their custom media division, associate publisher of pc magazine, and held various sales positions at pc week. prior to ziff davis, cam was at arnold advertising's media group. in addition to his work with babyage®, cam is also on the advisory board for the giving planet, a program of complimentary enrichment workshops for youth in developing countries and within the united state. he serves on the board of advisors for pixel bridge, inc, a boston-based internet consulting firm, and on the advisory board of give us your poor, an organization that brings together the latest research, multimedia, celebrities, non-celebrities, homeless people, and partner organizations to help end homelessness. cam and his wife colleen live in topsfield, ma with his three amazing and active kids. paul cimino babyage.com board of directors paul, a well-known internet innovator and leader in e-marketing, currently serves as ceo of brilig, the world’s first cooperative data marketplace for digital advertising. previously paul served as ctoread more at qualityhealth.com, a leading interactive marketing and media company in the health sector. prior to mts he was coo at cac media an early iptv technology and cdn firm, and was cofounder/ceo of snickelways interactive, a leading e-commerce solutions provider. paul began his career at saks fifth avenue as a buyer and a planner. he also served an integral role in the saks’ technical evolution. in 1993 he moved to at&t/downtown digital as an interactive television producer, following which he founded snickelways, an e-commerce consultancy in 1995. paul grew snickelways from three employees in 1995 to a 175-person industry leader by 2001. during his time there, he was responsible for creating the first viable b2b extranet, which was launched by fruit of the loom in 1996. his firm was also an early leader in helping clients to build vertical b2b marketplaces in a variety of industries. paul has provided counsel on a wide range of e-business issues to hundreds of clients including at&t, microsoft, fruit of the loom, thomson publishing, cendant, ivillage, chase, the vitamin shoppe and rand mcnally. he holds a b.a. from new york university. ned williams babyage.com board of directors ned has spent a total of 21 years in private equity investing and has been responsible for dozens of rounds of financing in both early and expansion companies. ned joined brook venture partners in 1999 as a general partnerread more and a member of the fund's investment committee and is an active investor in and serves on several of brook's portfolio company board of directors in both medical and information technology. ned is a steering committee member of the massachusetts medical device development center, which offers inventors and executives of the state's smaller medical device company's easy, affordable, and coordinated access to world-class researchers and resources. prior to joining brook, ned was a managing director at saturn asset management, a boston-based private equity firm. he was involved with all aspects of the firm's investment activities, including leading the financing of both roving software (ctct) and freemarkets online a pittsburg based company that was brought public by morgan stanley and goldman sachs and closed on its first day of trading with a market capitalization in excess of 10 billion dollars. earlier in his career he was with morgan stanley in new york city where he was involved with over 25 initial public offerings including the netscape ipo as well as the spinout of lucent technologies from at&t. ned holds a b.s. from the university of massachusetts at amherst. press releases & featured articles december, 2011 sales-tax measures 'to cost us big' november, 2011 online retailer sees western expansion october, 2011 google launches trusted stores program september, 2011 leading online retailer babyage.com expands to meet growing west coast demand february , 2011 exploring on-site search with etail, babyage.com and marketingsherpa november, 2010 babyage.com and google commerce search september, 2010 video interview: jack kiefer, babyage.com, on new ways e-retailers must think now march, 2010 babyage.com raises $15mm to support aggressive growth plans december, 2009 area 'tech'xperts talk hits, misses and wishes december, 2009 babyage.com & toys for tots august, 2009 babyage.com: baby steps to success august, 2009 babyage.com learns to listen to its customers july, 2009 babyage.com launches a new interactive registry june, 2009 looking good: the e-commerce cluster june, 2009 babyage.com president jack kiefer on successful online marketing june, 2009 students learn about careers may, 2009 steals and deals: outlet store prices, baby-product coupons to make moms smile april, 2009 the key to free march, 2009 e-commerce holding on february, 2009 online retailers actually had a holly, jolly christmas february, 2009 babyage® donates items to domestic violence service center january, 2009 while tweaking its search marketing, babyage.com drives up q4 sales 300% december, 2008 regulator promises study of price-setting rules that impact e-retailers december, 2008 group hits manufacturers' minimum pricing december, 2008 times leader reports babyage.com outlet center – open for business november, 2008 e-business entrepreneur visits wilkes university october, 2008 babyage.com grows conversion rates with new image-heavy site search september, 2008 babyage.com holds first annual 5k stroller walk/run & customer appreciation sale august, 2008 babyage.com adds joseph c. sponholz as chief operating officer august, 2008 price-fixing makes comeback after supreme court ruling june, 2008 local dot coms co-op for cross promotion may, 2008 babyage.com recognized by internet retailer magazine as number 296 of the top 500 websites in the united states based on annual sales revenues march, 2008 corporate ladder-press release babyage.com appoints marty nealon as vice president of merchandising and operations march, 2008 embrace internet, owners told february, 2008 babyage.com management presents at major industry event february, 2008 relying on new jersey roads, and fearing higher tolls january, 2008 local e-biz entrepeneurs getting it right - ron bartizek business local december, 2007 corporate ladder-press release babyage.com announces new hires for analysis and reporting november, 2007 babyage® ranks no. 3 in children/toys category in future now inc internet retailer study october, 2007 corporate ladder-press release babyage.com names julie d. space vice president of marketing and customer service october, 2006 babyage.com referenced in times leader "local web retailers are prospering, looking for skilled workers" august, 2005 babyage® featured in american baby magazine june, 2005 babyage® makes internet retailer 2005 edition top 400 guide retail websites june, 2005 citizen's voice reports babyage® grand opening june, 2005 times leader reports babyage® grand opening february, 2005 babyage.com mentioned in wall street journal online catalog critic november, 2004 babyage.com moves corporate headquarters from new jersey to the wilkes-barre area november, 2004 babyage.com bringing 75 jobs to area november, 2003 babyage® is featured in the fall artemis gift catalog march, 2003 babyage® is featured in the spring artemis gift catalog march, 2003 wire: fireclick closes another record quarter in q1 2003 october, 2002 instyle magazine recognizes babyage® as a great place to shop in the annual holiday shopping guide january, 2002 webside story: major e-commerce sites use websidestory's outsourced, real-time analysis service to drive customer growth january, 2002 wire: "open sesame" white paper business interoperability march, 2001 direct magazine: from a crawl to a walk at babyage.com february, 2001 internetweek: the ability to deliver a vibrant, up-to-date web site can make or break an e-business january, 2001 informationweek: crm makes online shopping personal november, 2000 zd net: responselogic signs babyage.com to provide customer conversion and retention tools october, 2000 business week: an open sesame for the whole web september, 2000 business wire: babyage.com to add point-of-purchase online product registration september, 2000 business wire: technology drives actbig 'next-generation' group buying may, 2000 internet.com: targeting moves beyond the banner northeastern pennsylvania ecommerce association vintage tub & bath is america's largest family-owned retailer of clawfoot tubs. we also offer a wide selection of reproduction bathroom fixtures, faucets, and bath accessories. currently in our 12th year of operation, we own and occupy a 12,000+ square-foot warehouse (formerly a railroad freight depot) complete with a workshop and a state-of-the-art paint booth. our staff works diligently to provide you with the best possible service and products. a family business with roots that go back to 1919, igourmet is america's premier online retailer of specialty cheeses, fine foods, and gourmet gift baskets. buy gourmet coffee, balsamic vinegar, olive oil, meats, gourmet chocolates, and a wide selection of premium gourmet foods from a trusted source. wilkes barre is home to a few top e-commerce companies including neeps.com, one of the internet's premier suppliers of lawn supplies and gardening supplies. neeps inc. was founded back in 1994, and carries a large selection of lawn tools, gardening tools, bird supplies, pond supplies and much more. today's news celebrity babies blog the latest news of celebrity parents, the products they use and activities they enjoy with their kids adorably.com premium outlet shoppes for everything adorable™. remarkable sales + hyper limited quantities. sign up today! baby store.info get the "real scoop" on baby gear andinsightful information on the newestbaby products make way for baby buying guides > our buying guide includes a checklist of products for you to choose from to help you make the right decision. top rated car seats > check here to see what parents like you are choosing for the safety of their children. baby registry > create a registry for your new bundle of joy. our registry includes a check list of baby essentials to help you get started. a healthy start for baby > this guide offers information and advice to help you from pregnancy through taking care of your new arrival. follow us follow us on facebook follow us on twitter follow us on pinterest babyage shipping & returns privacy shopping sponsors about us careers affiliate program sitemap customer service return policy shipping policy shipping map privacy policy anti-spam policy terms of use all brands outlet store coupons baby name registry celebrity babies blog baby store blog babyadvisor © 1999-2014 babyage.com, inc. all rights reserved.