来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20101230114210/http://www.parentgiving.com/elder-care/privacy-policy/
================================================================================

privacy policy elder care at parentgiving.com contact us | about parentgiving call us at 1.888.746.2107 shop for senior care products parentgiving home learn about elder care issues senior care blogs senior housing search alzheimers bed safety everyday aids personal safety safety alarms bath safety bariatric bathroom aids bathtub transfer benches commode chairs hand held shower heads more bath safety raised toilet seats shower chairs & benches shower grab bars toilet safety frames bedding bariatric bed sheets bariatric beds and more bed pillows bed rails bed trays foam bed wedges hospital bed sheets & blankets hospital beds mattress cover mattress pads memory foam pad more bedding products overbed tables pressure relief mattresses & pads daily living aids arthritis aids care kits chair cushions clothing & dressing aids dental supplies electronic alerts health & cleansing hot & cold pads massage therapy monitor blood pressure more daily living aids orthopedic supplies paraffin therapy seamless & slipper socks staying fit thermometers uplift seats utensils and dinnerware weight scales diabetic supplies diabetes organizer diabetic foods diabetic supplies food for diabetes foot care glucose blood monitors & supplies skin care treatment socks for diabetics incontinence bariatric briefs bedwetting alarm belted undergarments by size disposable briefs gloves, adult wipes & more incontinence for men incontinence for women incontinence pads & liners incontinence supplies overnight diapers protective underwear reusable diapers & briefs skin care waterproof pads waterproof sheets & mattress covers medical supplies antibacterial skin cleansers bandages and tape catheters cervical collars & neck braces compression and support socks disinfectant surface cleaners edema pumps & sleeves electrotherapy exam gloves first aid foot care general skin care laxatives & suppositories more medical supplies nutritionals ointments and cleansers over the counter (otc) pain medication respiratory care wound care mobility devices crutches electric scooters patient lifts transfer devices walkers and rollators walking canes wheelchairs skin care antifungal cream & ointments barrier cream & moisturizers disposable wipes skin cleansers & foams services bill paying services care manager services chair lifts emergency notification system keeping in touch medical alert systems medical information storage medication management reduce medical bills gift shop cozy & comfy gifts electronic gifts fitness & fun gifts gadgets gifts for dad gifts for grandparents gifts for mobility gifts for mom gifts for the bath gifts for the home gifts for the kitchen gifts for under $25 gifts from $25 - $75 gifts over $75 buyer guides care manager services caregiver resources checklists giver guides health tips reduce medical bills aging in place alzheimer's & dementia better health care manager advantage caregiver stories caregiving essentials elder care crisis driven financial sense home & bath safety housing options legal ease long term care medical matters nutrition necessities palliative care quality of life staying fit privacy policy last updated: june 11, 2009 parentgiving understands your concern about how information about you is used and shared. we have prepared this privacy policy to let you know about our policy regarding personal data including email address that is collected on the site. all capitalized terms not defined herein shall have the meaning attributed to them in the terms of use. information that you give us that is covered by the privacy policy: personal data. we collect personal data when you voluntarily choose to register for use of the site as a subscriber or contact us with comments or inquiries. we use the personal data that we collect in order to respond to submissions you make to the site, to provide and improve the services, and as otherwise set forth in this privacy policy. we also collect personal data from your transactions with non-affiliated third parties. passively collected information. when you interact with parentgiving through the site, we receive and store certain additional personally non-identifiable information. such information, which is collected passively using various technologies, cannot presently be used to specifically identify you. examples include ip addresses, browser types, domain names, and other anonymous statistical data involving your use of the site and/or the services. cookies: in operating this site, we may use a technology called "cookies." a cookie is a piece of information that the computer that hosts our site gives to your computer when you access a web site. our cookies help provide additional functionality to the site and help us analyze site usage more accurately. on most web browsers, you will find a "help" section on the toolbar. please refer to this section for information on how to receive notification when you are receiving a new cookie and how to turn cookies off. acceptance of cookies is not a requirement to browse the site; however certain areas and features of the site, such as the shopping cart, require your acceptance of cookies to work properly. on the site, we may allow third party ad serving companies or ad networks to display third party advertisements on the site. some of these companies may place a persistent cookie in order to recognize your computer each time they send you an online advertisement. thus, these companies may compile information about where you are using your computer, where you saw their advertisements, and which ads you clicked on. this information allows these companies to deliver targeted advertisements that they believe will be of most interest to you. parentgiving does not have access to the cookies that may be placed by these companies. we do not link the information that we store in cookies to any personally identifiable information or email address you submit while on our site. we do not use tracking technologies in regards to emails. use of personal data. parentgiving uses the personal data and email address that you provide in a manner that is consistent with this privacy policy. if you provide your personal data and email addressfor a certain reason, we may use the personal data and email address in connection with the reason for which it was provided. for instance, we will use the personal data and email address that you input during the registration process to administer your access to the site and the services. parentgiving and its affiliates also use personal data and email addresses and other personally non-identifiable information collected through the site to help us improve the content and functionality of the site, to better understand our subscribers and to improve the site and the services. if parentgiving intends on using any personal data and email address in any manner that is not consistent with this privacy policy, you will be informed of such anticipated use prior to or at the time at which the personal data and email address is collected. use of personally non-identifiable data. parentgiving may use personally non-identifiable information and pool it with other information to track, for example, the total number of visitors to the site, the number of visitors to each page of the site, and the domain names of our visitors’ internet service providers. no personal data is available or used in this process. registration:  in order to use certain portions of this web site (e.g. blogs/forums), we request certain personally identifiable information from you on the registration form. there are two separate registrations on the parentgivng site.  one registration allows you to participate in our online community of blogs and forums and requires you to create a user name and password.  the other registration occurs as an option to create an account when you are going through the checkout process. during this registration you are required to give contact information (such as first name, last name, email address, and phone number). we use this information to contact you about the services on our site in which you have expressed interest. during  the community registration, you will have the opportunity to opt-in to receive newsletters and promotions from parentgiving.  durring the shopping account registration, you will have the opportunity to opt-out parentgiving’s email newsletters and/or promotions. parentgiving is the sole owner of the information collected on parentgiving.com.  parentgiving collects personally identifiable information from our users at several different points on our web site. orders: if you purchase a product from us, we request certain personally identifiable information from you on our order form. you must provide contact information (such as name, email, phone, and shipping address) and financial information (such as credit card number, expiration date). we use this information for billing purposes and to fill your orders.  if we have trouble processing an order, we will use this information to contact you. users who choose to register for a shopping account while going through the checkout process will have the ability to opt-out of parentgiving’s email newsletters and/or promotions. choice/opt out. if you no longer wish to receive our newsletter and promotional communications, you may opt-out of receiving them by following the instructions included in each newsletter or communication, by emailing us at , or by calling us at 888-746-2107. sharing information. parentgiving is not in the business of selling personal data. we consider this information to be a vital part of our relationship with you. we do not share, sell, rent or trade your pii with third parties for their promotional purposes. there are, however, certain circumstances in which we may share personal data with certain third parties without notice to you including those set forth below: other parentgiving sites: parentgiving may share your personal data with other parentgiving sites in order to provide you with information and special offers from other parentgiving sites. agents, consultants and related third parties: parentgiving, like many businesses, sometimes hires other companies to perform certain business-related functions. examples include mailing information, maintaining databases, hosting services, processing payments, and email service provider. when we employ another company to perform a function of this nature, we provide them with the information that they need to perform their specific function. we require such third parties to maintain the confidentiality of such information and use such information only as necessary to provide parentgiving with designated services. our care manager services are offered through a partnership with sound options, inc.  if you choose to use the care manager services, during your phone consultation(s) you will be speaking with representatives of sound options, inc., and all information that you provide during your phone consultation(s) shall be held and protected by sound options, inc. in accordance with its own policies with respect to privacy, and not by parentgiving. advertisers. parentgiving may aggregate personal data with personal data of other subscribers, and disclose such information in a non-personally identifiable manner to advertisers and other third parties for marketing and promotional purposes. in these situations, parentgiving will not disclose to these entities any information that could be used to identify you personally. legal requirements: parentgiving may disclose personal data if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to (a) comply with a legal obligation, (b) protect and defend the rights or property of parentgiving, (c) act in urgent circumstances to protect the personal safety of users of the site or the public, or (d) protect against legal liability.  we reserve the right to disclose your personally identifiable information as required by law and when we believe that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights and/or comply with a judicial proceeding, court order, or legal process served on our web site. business transfers: as we develop our business, we might sell or buy businesses or assets. in the event of a corporate sale, merger, reorganization, dissolution or similar event, personal data may be part of the transferred assets. informal notices and bulletins. periodically, we may choose to send news, bulletins, educational materials, marketing materials, or other information to you, and will use personal data to send such communications. notification of changes:  if we decide to change our privacy policy or email practices, we will post those changes to this privacy statement and other places we deem appropriate so that you are aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances, if any, we disclose it. we reserve the right to modify this privacy statement at any time, so please review it frequently.  if we make material changes to this policy, we will notify you here or by email. information collected on the site that is not covered by this privacy policy. parentgiving may allow you to communicate with other registered users and post information using message boards and other similar features available through the site. none of the information that you provide using these features is protected by this privacy policy. this privacy policy does not apply to any information (including personal data) that you provide using message boards or other similar features available throught the site. all such information is public information and may be seen, collected or used by anyone, including third parties not affiliated with parentgiving. your choices. as outlined in this privacy policy, you can always choose not to provide personal data to the site. however, doing so may prevent you from obtaining certain information or using the services. children. parentgiving does not knowingly collect personal data from children under the age of 13 through this site. if you are under 13, please do not give us any personal data. we encourage parents and legal guardians to monitor their children’s internet usage and to help enforce our privacy policy by instructing their children to never provider personal data on this site without their permission. if you have reason to believe that a child under the age of 13 has provided personal data to parentgiving through this site, please contact us ( ), and we will endeavor to delete that information from our databases. links to other web sites. this privacy policy applies only to this site and not to any third party sites. we suggest contacting those third party sites or other parentgiving sites directly for information on their privacy, security, data collection and distribution policies. widgets widgets support functions that require that you disclose certain personally identifiable information given the user’s choice of participation. this information is collected in many different ways such as: forms, surveys, contests, forums, subscribing or unsubscribing to mailings and correcting or updating personally identifiable information and are only used for the purpose in which they were collected. forms which require sensitive information such as financial information (credit card) to process purchases for products or services are ssl encrypted to protect your sensitive information. customer testimonials/comments/reviews we post customer testimonials/comments/reviews on our web site which may contain personally   identifiable information.  we do obtain the customer’s consent via email prior to posting the    testimonial to post their name along with their testimonial. truste parentgiving, inc. (http://www.parentgiving.com) is a participant in the truste privacy seal program. truste is an independent organization whose mission is to advance privacy and trust in the networked world.  as this web site wants to demonstrate its commitment to your privacy, it has agreed to disclose its information practices and have its privacy practices monitored for compliance by truste. if you have questions or concerns regarding this statement, you should first contact us at . if you do not receive acknowledgment of your inquiry, or if your inquiry has not been satisfactorily addressed, you should then contact truste at http://www.truste.org/consumers/watchdog_complaint.php. truste will then serve as a liaison with the web site to resolve your concerns. security. we take commercially reasonable steps to protect personal data and email addresses provided to this site and to protect such information from loss, misuse, and unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration, or destruction. however, no internet or e-mail transmission is ever fully secure or error free. in particular, e-mail sent to or from this site may not be secure, and you should therefore take special care in deciding what information you send to us via e-mail. please keep this in mind when disclosing any personal data to parentgiving or to any other party via the internet. the security of your personal information is important to us.  when you enter sensitive information (such as credit card number) on our registration or order forms, we encrypt that information using secure socket layer technology (ssl).  to learn more about ssl, follow this link. tell a friend: if you choose to use our referral service to tell a friend about an article on our site, we will ask you for both your email address and your friend’s email address. parentgiving does not store this information but it is used for the sole purpose of automatically sending your friend a one-time email inviting him or her to visit the site. your friend may contact us at to request that we remove this information from our database. terms and conditions. your access to and use of this site is subject to the terms of use (located at www.parentgiving.com/elder-care/terms-of-use/). access to information. to keep personal data accurate, current, and complete, please contact us as specified below. we will exercise commercially reasonable efforts to update or correct personal data in our possession that you have previously submitted via the site. updating/accessing/amending/correcting personally identifiable information: if your personally identifiable information changes you can update or ammend it by logging into your account and making the changes. to do this for your online community account: go to the blogs & forums page enter your username and password in appropriate fields click login click the my account link (http://www.parentgiving.com/forums/member/profile/) update your profile to do this for your shopping account: go to the home page of the shopping site (http://www.parentgiving.com/shop) click the sign in link at the top of the page this will put you in the my account section update your profile for information on how to opt out of email communications, please see the choice/opt out section above. how to contact us. please also feel free to contact us if you have any questions about this privacy policy or the information practices of parentgiving with respect to personal data. you may contact us at: .  you may also reach us by phone  at (888)-746-2107 or by mail at: parentgiving, inc. 105 grove street montclair, nj  07042. 1. enter city state zip or 2. select housing type. all alzheimer's care assisted living continuing care home care hospice independent living respite / short term skilled nursing alzheimer's care assisted living continuing care home care hospice independent living respite care skilled nursing jan's story by barry petersen, the multiple emmy-award winning cbs news correspondent, is the heart-wrenching account of his wife jan's early onset alzheimer's disease. read more. about us advertise with us caregiver resources contact us partner with us press room privacy policy sitemap international orders order status refer a friend return policy shipping terms of use volume discounts © copyright 2010 parentgiving, inc.  all rights reserved. all content on parentgiving.com, including articles, newsletters, and news, is for information only and not intended to diagnose, treat or advise on medical, health, legal, financial or other issues. see additional information. use of this website is subject to our terms of use and privacy policy.