来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20131115134054/http://www.parentgiving.com/elder-care/caregiver-resources/
================================================================================

caregiver resources cart: (no items) | create an account | sign in | order status 1.888.746.2107 mon – th: 9am to 8pm et, friday 9am to 5pm et shop for senior care products parentgiving home learn about elder care issues senior care experts senior housing search home care buyer guides alzheimers alzheimer's activities for seniors everyday aids personal safety safety alarms bath safety bariatric bathroom aids bath lift bathtub transfer benches commode chairs hand held shower heads shower & tub grab bars shower chairs & bath benches toilet safety frames & rails toilet seat risers more bath safety bedroom bed rails bed trapeze bedding foam bed wedges hospital bed sheets & blankets hospital beds mattress pads & memory foam pads mattress protectors overbed tables & trays pillows pressure relief mattresses & pads more bedding products bed rails adjustable bed rails assist bed rails bed rail accessories bed rail pads bed rails by size bolt-on bed rails double bed rails hook-on bed rails hospital bed rails portable bed rails rails for electric & adjustable beds safety bed rails tall & high bed rails daily living aids arthritis aids bibs for adults chair cushions clothing & dressing aids dental supplies electronic alerts health & cleansing home blood pressure monitors hot & cold pads lift chairs massage therapy orthopedic supplies paraffin baths & supplies phones for seniors pill organizers seamless & slipper socks staying fit thermometers uplift seats utensils and dinnerware more daily living aids diabetic supplies blood glucose monitors & test strips diabetes organizers food for diabetes foot care lancets & lancing devices skin care treatment socks for diabetics incontinence bariatric briefs bedpans & urinals bedwetting alarms belted undergarments chux, waterproof pads, and covers diaper disposal systems gloves incontinence for men odor eliminators overnight diapers / max. absorbency pads pull up diapers / protective underwear reusable briefs skin care for incontinence tape on / tab style / disposable briefs wipes and washcloths medical supplies antibacterial skin cleansers bandages and tape compression and support garments disinfectant wipes and surface cleaners edema pumps & sleeves electrotherapy exam gloves first aid foot care general skin care laxatives & suppositories medical scrubs nutritionals ointments and cleansers ostomy supplies over the counter (otc) pain medication patient room supplies and furniture rehabilitation supplies and devices respiratory care urinary catheters wound care more medical supplies mobility devices arm crutches electric mobility scooters patient lifts powered mobility transfer devices trapeze bars walkers & rollators walking canes wheelchairs skin care antifungal cream & ointments barrier cream & moisturizers callus pads & removal disposable wipes no-rinse wash & shampoo gift shop activity gifts for seniors caregiver comfort cozy & comfy gifts electronic gifts fitness & fun gifts gadgets gifts for dad gifts for grandparents gifts for mobility gifts for mom gifts for the bath gifts for the home gifts for the kitchen gifts for under $25 gifts from $25 - $75 gifts over $75 music for seniors buyer guides care manager services caregiver resources checklists health tips reduce medical bills wellness alert what's new in the store aging in place alzheimer's & dementia better health care manager advantage caregiver stories caregiving essentials elder care crisis driven financial sense home & bath safety housing options incontinence issues legal ease long term care medical matters nutrition necessities palliative care quality of life staying fit caregiver resources health- and medical-related organizations treatment diaries: www.treatmentdiaries.com social but private...anonymously connecting individuals affected by any illness through online health related conversations captured in personal diaries. come scribble with us at www.treatmentdiaries.com. the conversation project: theconversationproject.org the conversation project is dedicated to helping people talk about their wishes for end-of-life care. too many people are dying in a way they wouldn't choose, and too many of their loved ones are left feeling bereaved, guilty, and uncertain. the website is a great resource for gathering information about how to begin the conversation, as well as to see and share personal stories. there is also a starter kit available to download that will help you get your thoughts together and then have the conversation. ashby memory method: www.alzheimersinnovation.com amm is an evidence based dementia intervention program that has been developed specifically to meet the needs of care professionals providing supports and services to individuals and families living with a diagnosis of dementia. amm is designed to be an easy to implement program that offers measurable quality of life benefits for dementia care clients, their families, and caregivers. the program structure provides a stimulating mix of activities using individualized pen and paper booklet formatted cognitive exercises. thriving in the middle: www.thrivinginthemiddle.com helping working women thrive while caring for aging parents. for your fr*ee report, 'thriving in the middle: how to keep your career, sanity and happiness intact while caring for aging parents so you can bring balance and money into your life', simply visit www.thrivinginthemiddle.com. the caregiver's voice: www.thecaregiversvoice.com the independent voice of family and professional caregivers for adults with cognitive impairment or dementia caused by alzheimer's, stroke, related illness, or trauma. the caregiver's voice brings hope and strength to caregivers through knowledge, support, and humor. american advisors group: www.aagreverse.com the company is a leader in the reverse mortgage industry. its primary mission is to attain the highest level of customer satisfaction and to help seniors improve their lives. the drive for innovation and excellence, as well as the commitment to quality customer service, has led aag to be among the top reverse mortgage originators in the country. aag is a+ rated by the better business bureau, is a u.s. department of housing and urban development approved lender, and a member of the national reverse mortgage lenders association. wanderpolo law llc: www.wanderpololaw.com wanderpolo law, llc is the only exclusively elder law attorney in montclair, new jersey and one of the few in essex county. slip and fall lawyers: www.slipandfalllawyers.org/ the unbiased guide to hiring a slip and fall lawyer and pursuing litigation. nursing home abuse: www.nursinghomeabuse.net/ nursing home abuse exists to raise awareness of the nursing home abuse epidemic, educate the public about its causes, help residents and families prevent abuse, and help victims cope with the consequences of nursing home abuse. naela: www.naela.org the national academy of elder law attorneys, inc. (naela) was founded in 1987 as a professional association of attorneys in the private and public sectors dedicated to improving the quality of legal services provided to people as they age and people with special needs. sageminder: www.sageminder.com sageminder provides web-based home medication reminder and check-in monitoring services for seniors and family caregivers. also check out the information, articles, forms, and online community. everything from audio downloads for relaxation and information about medicare to quotes to empower family caregivers! senior helpers: www.seniorhelpers.com sage minder connects professional, affordable caregivers with seniors who wish to live independently, at home, with a strong focus on quality of life for the client and peace of mind for their families. care communities: www.carecommunities.net the premier online destination for finding the perfect new home for your loved ones. we provide financial guidance, senior care resources and caregiving advice. at care communities, we stress the human aspect of senior care. aecares: www.aecares.com a comprehensive approach to financial maintenance, asset preservation, planning services, and complete care. mesothelioma cancer alliance: www.mesothelioma.com mesothelioma treatment, diagnosis and related information for patients and families. mesothelioma prognosis: www.mesotheliomaprognosis.org information collected in one source, providing the most comprehensive look at this devastating disease affecting 3000 annually. emfinders: www.emfinders.com the emfinders emseeq works with 9-1-1 systems to help rapidly locate and recover wandering or missing persons with alzheimer’s, autism or other impairments. homemods.org: www.homemods.org a university-based, non-profit effort dedicated to promoting aging in place and independent living for persons of all ages and abilities. based at the university of southern california, it offers an executive certificate in home modification online training program for professionals and serves as an information clearinghouse on home modification. stopfalls.org: www.stopfalls.org the official website of the fall prevention center of excellence whose mission is to identify best practices in fall prevention and to help communities offer fall prevention programs to older people who are at risk of falling. nest: www.callnest.com from simple modifications like grab bars and lever handles to bigger enhancements like ramps and stairlifts, we offer a full range of independent living solutions designed to meet your individual needs. the braun corporation: braunability the braun corporation is the largest manufacturer of wheelchair accessible vans, ramps, and wheelchair lifts worldwide and enables people with physical disabilities to regain mobility and lead active and independent lives. home helpers: www.homehelpers.cc non-medical personal in-home senior care agency. home helpers' caregivers provide personal care, homemaking, senior companion care, supportive elder care, and other non-medical in-home care services to seniors, the elderly and those with temporary or permanent disabilities. cambridge health: www.cambridgehealth.org with over 10 years experience in the senior healthcare industry, we provide answers to important questions to better facilitate your complex health care decisions. each client we service is welcomed as a part of our growing family; through our professional eldercare knowledge, caring nature and assistance we can help you make choices that will enhance your lifestyle. save on medical bills:  www.medicalcostadvocate.com save 20% to 50% on almost any medical bill. experts negotiate your medical and dental service bills. great for care givers. no risk, no fee unless you save. learn more alzheimer's association: www.alz.org dedicated to finding prevention methods, treatments and an eventual cure for alzheimer's disease. phone: 800-272-3900 american cancer society: www.cancer.org a nationwide, community-based voluntary health organization committed to fighting cancer through balanced programs of research, education, patient service, advocacy and rehabilitation. phone: 800-acs-2345 american diabetes association: www.diabetes.org provides diabetes research, information and advocacy. phone: 800-342-2383 american health assistance foundation: www.ahaf.org the american health assistance foundation (ahaf) is a nonprofit organization that funds research seeking cures for alzheimer's disease, macular degeneration and glaucoma, and provides the public with information about risk factors, preventative lifestyles, available treatments and coping strategies. phone: 800-437-2423 american heart association: www.americanheart.org a national voluntary health agency whose mission is to reduce disability and death from cardiovascular diseases and stroke. phone: 800-aha-8721 american lung association: www.lunusa.org voluntary health organization working to prevent lung disease in all its forms and to promote lung health. phone: 800-lung-usa american parkinson disease association: www.apdaparkinson.org the organization focuses on research, patient support, education and raising public awareness of parkinson's disease. phone: 800-223-2732 arthritis foundation: www.arthritis.org a national organization that supports the more than 100 types of arthritis and related conditions with advocacy, programs, services and research. phone: 800-568-4045 mesothelioma: www.asbestos.com the mesothelioma center is an up-to-date resource for all issues ranging from mesothelioma statistics to treatment options. the daily tasks of caring for someone suffering from malignant mesothelioma  can be overwhelming. whether you're the mesothelioma patient or the caregiver, you can find support in many different places. take a few moments to browse through our support section to locate answers to your concerns. government and nonprofit organizations aarp: www.aarp.org a nonprofit, nonpartisan membership organization for people age 50 and over. administration on aging: www.aoa.gov a public service of the u.s. administration on aging. caring from a distance: www.cfad.org an independent, non-profit organization, caring from a distance is dedicated to serving the needs of long distance caregivers. eldercare locator: www.eldercare.gov a public service of the u.s. administration on aging. the eldercare locator connects older americans and their caregivers with sources of information on senior services. phone: 800-677-1116 family caregiver alliance: www.caregiver.org community-based nonprofit organization designed to address the needs of families and friends providing long-term care at home. fca now offers programs at national, state and local levels to support and sustain caregivers. medicare: www.medicare.gov provides detailed information about the past performance of every medicare and medicaid certified nursing home in the country. phone: 800-medicare national association of state units on aging: www.nasua.org an association representing the nation's 56 officially designated state and territorial agencies on aging. the mission of the association is to advance social, health, and economic policies responsive to the needs of a diverse aging population. phone: 202-898-2578 national center on elder abuse: www.elderabusecenter.org the national center on elder abuse is dedicated to educating the public about elder abuse, neglect, and exploitation and its tragic consequences. phone: 202-898-2586 national family caregivers association: www.thefamilycaregiver.org nfca is a grassroots organization created to educate, support, empower and advocate for the millions of americans who care for chronically ill, aged, or disabled loved ones. parentgiving micro-stores adultdiapers.net bed rails for seniors bed wedges jan's story by barry petersen, the multiple emmy-award winning cbs news correspondent, is the heart-wrenching account of his wife jan's early onset alzheimer's disease. read more. about us auto delivery program advertise with us buyer guides caregiver resources contact us coupons gift certificates institutional sales order status partner with us press room privacy policy refer-a-friend return policy rewards program shipping sitemap terms of use volume discounts © copyright 2013 parentgiving, inc.  all rights reserved. all content on parentgiving.com, including articles, newsletters, and news, is for information only and not intended to diagnose, treat or advise on medical, health, legal, financial or other issues. see additional information. use of this website is subject to our terms of use and privacy policy.