来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20141221234246/http://www.parentgiving.com/elder-care/caregiver-resources/
================================================================================

caregiver resources home | create an account| sign in| order status| cart: (no items) | parentgiving 1 - 888 - 746 - 2107 mon - thurs: 9am to 8pm et, fri 9am to 5pm et gifts gifts gifts for mobility gifts for the home gifts for the bath gifts for the kitchen gifts for grandparents gifts for mom gifts for dad gifts for seniors brand brand all brands able life aloe vesta baza boost carex clarity coloplast depend dignity drive medical ensure everest & jennings hoyer lifts karman lumex medline industries - medline medical supplies and equipment nova poise remedy safetysure salk stander tena bath safety bath safety bariatric bathroom aids bath lifts bath mats bathtub transfer benches cast protectors commode chairs hand held shower heads shower chairs & bath benches shower, tub & bathroom grab bars toilet safety frames & rails toilet seat risers bedroom bedroom bariatric beds and more bed safety accessories bed trapeze bedding bedroom accessories foam bed wedges hospital bed sheets & blankets hospital beds mattress pads & memory foam pads mattress protectors overbed tables & trays pillows pressure relief mattresses & pads bed rails bed rails adjustable bed rails assist bed rails bed rail accessories bed rail pads bed rails by size bolt-on bed rails double bed rails fall mats hook-on bed rails hospital bed rails portable bed rails rails for electric & adjustable beds safety bed rails tall & high bed rails daily living daily living alzheimers and dementia arthritis aids bibs for adults chair cushions dental supplies dressing aids electronic alerts home blood pressure monitors hot & cold pads lift chairs & uplift seats massage therapy orthopedic supplies paraffin baths & supplies personal care phones for seniors pill organizers reachers seamless & slipper socks staying fit utensils and dinnerware vision aids more from this category incontinence incontinence abena attends bariatric briefs bedpans & urinals bedwetting alarms adult belted undergarments catheters chux, waterproof pads, and covers depend diaper disposal systems fitright gloves healthdri incontinence for men incontinence for women incontinence pads & liners janibell molicare overnight diapers / max. absorbency odor eliminators pads prevail protection plus pull up diapers / protective underwear reusable briefs samples - moderate absorbency samples - heavy absorbency skin care for incontinence staydry incontinence products tape on / tab style / disposable briefs tena tranquility unique wellness wings wipes and washcloths plus size plus size bariatric briefs bariatric rollators bariatric wheelchairs bariatric transport wheelchairs heavy duty & bariatric shower chairs bariatric lifts & swings bariatric mobility scooter bariatric crutches medical medical supplies antibacterial sanitizers bandages and tape compression hosiery diabetic supplies disinfectant wipes and surface cleaners edema pumps & sleeves electrotherapy first aid foot care laxatives & suppositories medical scrubs nutritionals ointments and cleansers ostomy supplies over the counter (otc) pain medication patient room supplies and furniture skin care thermometers wound care scooters scooters 3 wheel mobility scooters 4 wheel mobility scooter bariatric mobility scooter drive medical mobility scooters mobility scooter accessories walking aids walking aids 3 wheel rollators without seat 4 wheel rollators with seat adjustable canes bariatric rollators crutches lightweight rollators lifts narrow rollators outdoor rollators rollator/transport chair combo rollators tall rollators walkers walking canes wheelchairs wheelchairs bariatric wheelchairs lightweight wheelchairs reclining wheelchairs shower commode wheelchairs shower wheelchairs standard wheelchairs transport chairs ultra-light wheelchairs wheelchair cushions & pads wheelchair trays wheelchair accessories wheelchair ramps & threshold ramps resources buyer guides care manager services caregiver resources checklists health tips reduce medical bills wellness alert what's new in the store articles library aging in place alzheimer's & dementia better health care manager advantage caregiver stories caregiving essentials elder care crisis driven financial sense home & bath safety housing options incontinence issues legal ease long term care medical matters nutrition necessities palliative care quality of life staying fit caregiver resources health- and medical-related organizations treatment diaries: www.treatmentdiaries.com social but private...anonymously connecting individuals affected by any illness through online health related conversations captured in personal diaries. come scribble with us at www.treatmentdiaries.com. the conversation project: theconversationproject.org the conversation project is dedicated to helping people talk about their wishes for end-of-life care. too many people are dying in a way they wouldn't choose, and too many of their loved ones are left feeling bereaved, guilty, and uncertain. the website is a great resource for gathering information about how to begin the conversation, as well as to see and share personal stories. there is also a starter kit available to download that will help you get your thoughts together and then have the conversation. ashby memory method: www.alzheimersinnovation.com amm is an evidence based dementia intervention program that has been developed specifically to meet the needs of care professionals providing supports and services to individuals and families living with a diagnosis of dementia. amm is designed to be an easy to implement program that offers measurable quality of life benefits for dementia care clients, their families, and caregivers. the program structure provides a stimulating mix of activities using individualized pen and paper booklet formatted cognitive exercises. thriving in the middle: www.thrivinginthemiddle.com helping working women thrive while caring for aging parents. for your fr*ee report, 'thriving in the middle: how to keep your career, sanity and happiness intact while caring for aging parents so you can bring balance and money into your life', simply visit www.thrivinginthemiddle.com. the caregiver's voice: www.thecaregiversvoice.com the independent voice of family and professional caregivers for adults with cognitive impairment or dementia caused by alzheimer's, stroke, related illness, or trauma. the caregiver's voice brings hope and strength to caregivers through knowledge, support, and humor. american advisors group: www.aag.com the company is a leader in the reverse mortgage industry. its primary mission is to attain the highest level of customer satisfaction and to help seniors improve their lives. the drive for innovation and excellence, as well as the commitment to quality customer service, has led aag to be among the top reverse mortgage originators in the country. aag is a+ rated by the better business bureau, is a u.s. department of housing and urban development approved lender, and a member of the national reverse mortgage lenders association. wanderpolo law llc: www.wanderpololaw.com wanderpolo law, llc is the only exclusively elder law attorney in montclair, new jersey and one of the few in essex county. slip and fall lawyers: www.slipandfalllawyers.org/ the unbiased guide to hiring a slip and fall lawyer and pursuing litigation. nursing home abuse: www.nursinghomeabuse.net/ nursing home abuse exists to raise awareness of the nursing home abuse epidemic, educate the public about its causes, help residents and families prevent abuse, and help victims cope with the consequences of nursing home abuse. naela: www.naela.org the national academy of elder law attorneys, inc. (naela) was founded in 1987 as a professional association of attorneys in the private and public sectors dedicated to improving the quality of legal services provided to people as they age and people with special needs. sageminder: www.sageminder.com sageminder provides web-based home medication reminder and check-in monitoring services for seniors and family caregivers. also check out the information, articles, forms, and online community. everything from audio downloads for relaxation and information about medicare to quotes to empower family caregivers! senior helpers: www.seniorhelpers.com sage minder connects professional, affordable caregivers with seniors who wish to live independently, at home, with a strong focus on quality of life for the client and peace of mind for their families. care communities: www.carecommunities.net the premier online destination for finding the perfect new home for your loved ones. we provide financial guidance, senior care resources and caregiving advice. at care communities, we stress the human aspect of senior care. aecares: www.aecares.com a comprehensive approach to financial maintenance, asset preservation, planning services, and complete care. emfinders: www.emfinders.com the emfinders emseeq works with 9-1-1 systems to help rapidly locate and recover wandering or missing persons with alzheimer’s, autism or other impairments. homemods.org: www.homemods.org a university-based, non-profit effort dedicated to promoting aging in place and independent living for persons of all ages and abilities. based at the university of southern california, it offers an executive certificate in home modification online training program for professionals and serves as an information clearinghouse on home modification. stopfalls.org: www.stopfalls.org the official website of the fall prevention center of excellence whose mission is to identify best practices in fall prevention and to help communities offer fall prevention programs to older people who are at risk of falling. nest: www.callnest.com from simple modifications like grab bars and lever handles to bigger enhancements like ramps and stairlifts, we offer a full range of independent living solutions designed to meet your individual needs. the braun corporation: braunability the braun corporation is the largest manufacturer of wheelchair accessible vans, ramps, and wheelchair lifts worldwide and enables people with physical disabilities to regain mobility and lead active and independent lives. home helpers: www.homehelpers.cc non-medical personal in-home senior care agency. home helpers' caregivers provide personal care, homemaking, senior companion care, supportive elder care, and other non-medical in-home care services to seniors, the elderly and those with temporary or permanent disabilities. cambridge health: www.cambridgehealth.org with over 10 years experience in the senior healthcare industry, we provide answers to important questions to better facilitate your complex health care decisions. each client we service is welcomed as a part of our growing family; through our professional eldercare knowledge, caring nature and assistance we can help you make choices that will enhance your lifestyle. save on medical bills:  www.medicalcostadvocate.com save 20% to 50% on almost any medical bill. experts negotiate your medical and dental service bills. great for care givers. no risk, no fee unless you save. learn more alzheimer's association: www.alz.org dedicated to finding prevention methods, treatments and an eventual cure for alzheimer's disease. phone: 800-272-3900 american cancer society: www.cancer.org a nationwide, community-based voluntary health organization committed to fighting cancer through balanced programs of research, education, patient service, advocacy and rehabilitation. phone: 800-acs-2345 american diabetes association: www.diabetes.org provides diabetes research, information and advocacy. phone: 800-342-2383 american health assistance foundation: www.ahaf.org the american health assistance foundation (ahaf) is a nonprofit organization that funds research seeking cures for alzheimer's disease, macular degeneration and glaucoma, and provides the public with information about risk factors, preventative lifestyles, available treatments and coping strategies. phone: 800-437-2423 american heart association: www.americanheart.org a national voluntary health agency whose mission is to reduce disability and death from cardiovascular diseases and stroke. phone: 800-aha-8721 american lung association: www.lunusa.org voluntary health organization working to prevent lung disease in all its forms and to promote lung health. phone: 800-lung-usa american parkinson disease association: www.apdaparkinson.org the organization focuses on research, patient support, education and raising public awareness of parkinson's disease. phone: 800-223-2732 arthritis foundation: www.arthritis.org a national organization that supports the more than 100 types of arthritis and related conditions with advocacy, programs, services and research. phone: 800-568-4045 government and nonprofit organizations aarp: www.aarp.org a nonprofit, nonpartisan membership organization for people age 50 and over. administration on aging: www.aoa.gov a public service of the u.s. administration on aging. caring from a distance: www.cfad.org an independent, non-profit organization, caring from a distance is dedicated to serving the needs of long distance caregivers. eldercare locator: www.eldercare.gov a public service of the u.s. administration on aging. the eldercare locator connects older americans and their caregivers with sources of information on senior services. phone: 800-677-1116 family caregiver alliance: www.caregiver.org community-based nonprofit organization designed to address the needs of families and friends providing long-term care at home. fca now offers programs at national, state and local levels to support and sustain caregivers. medicare: www.medicare.gov provides detailed information about the past performance of every medicare and medicaid certified nursing home in the country. phone: 800-medicare national association of state units on aging: www.nasua.org an association representing the nation's 56 officially designated state and territorial agencies on aging. the mission of the association is to advance social, health, and economic policies responsive to the needs of a diverse aging population. phone: 202-898-2578 national center on elder abuse: www.elderabusecenter.org the national center on elder abuse is dedicated to educating the public about elder abuse, neglect, and exploitation and its tragic consequences. phone: 202-898-2586 national family caregivers association: www.thefamilycaregiver.org nfca is a grassroots organization created to educate, support, empower and advocate for the millions of americans who care for chronically ill, aged, or disabled loved ones. parentgiving micro-stores adultdiapers.net bed rails for seniors bed wedges connect with us facebook twitter youtube google+ company info about us contact us order status press room services & support auto delivery program coupons institutional sales refer-a-friend rewards program volume discounts guides & resources articles buyer guides caregiver resources policies & returns privacy policy return policy shipping policy sitemap terms of use parentgiving is dedicated to providing the best selection and best prices of home healthcare products online. whether buying personal hospital medical equipment or medical supplies for your home, or mobility products for your loved ones, you can find your medical products online at our store and have them delivered to your door within two business days. our award-winning customer service team all have personal experience with the aging process and have logged tens of thousands of hours assisting seniors and their caretakers in what to consider and what works when it is time to buy medical supplies. we specialize in finding the absolute best solutions for incontinence, from fit, to absorbency, to application. we have direct relationships with every manufacturer of incontinence supplies, and ensure only first quality merchandise is delivered to our customer’s doorstep in one to two business days. in addition, we offer one of the broadest sampling programs for incontinence products: from adult diapers to underpads, chux to booster pads, wipes to gloves, and even incontinence skin care. our sampling program ensures the best fit and application and allows our customers to optimize the best combination of fit, absorption, and cost. parentgiving understands the unique demands of aging in place and is dedicated to providing the best online shopping experience when purchasing home health care products. parentgiving is an authorized retailer for the most respected and premium brands in the medical supply, incontinence, mobility, and urological fields. as an authorized medical supply retailer, we ensure all products are of first quality and that all medical products are backed by a manufacturer’s warranty. our award-winning customer service team (located in beautiful montclair new jersey) receives the latest in product training and in-service calls from our manufacturers at least two times per month. parentgiving is proud to offer home health care products from manufacturers like abena, able-life, aloe vesta, covidien, depend, invacare, bard, uromed, , coloplast, ensure, boost, carex, lumex, convatec, drive medical, molnlycke, lifesource, thera-band, posey, provon, health o meter, karman, nova, medline, salk, pride mobility, ewheels, hollister, smith & nephew, tena, tranquility, wings, prevail, and stander. you can view a detailed list of all of our medical supply, incontinence, and mobility manufacturers on our brand page. parentgiving is constantly expanding its products and categories to reflect the needs of our customers. if you are looking for something that we don’t carry, or are looking for something that is hard to find, please call us at 1-888-746-2107 and we will source if for you. our direct to manufacturer relationships ensure the lowest possible prices for home healthcare products online, and we pass those savings on to you. copyright © copyright 2014 parentgiving, inc. all rights reserved.all content on parentgiving.com, including articles, newsletters, and news, is for information only and not intended to diagnose, treat or advise on medical, health, legal, financial or other issues. see additional information. use of this website is subject to our terms of use and privacy policy.