来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20151115185606/http://www.parentgiving.com/elder-care/about/
================================================================================

about parentgiving.com - dedicated to caregiving and elder care for your aging parents home | create an account| sign in| order status| samples | cart: (no items) | parentgiving 1 - 888 - 746 - 2107 mon - thurs: 9am to 8pm et, fri 9am to 5pm et brand brand all brands able life aloe vesta baza boost carex coloplast clarity depend dignity drive medical ensure everest & jennings hoyer lifts karman lumex medline - medical supplies & equipment nova poise remedy safetysure salk stander tena unique wellness bath safety bath safety bariatric bathroom aids bath lifts bathtub transfer benches bath mats cast protectors commode chairs hand held shower heads pediatric bath safety shower chairs & bath benches shower, tub & bathroom grab bars toilet seat risers bedroom bedroom bariatric beds and more bed safety accessories bed trapeze bedding bedroom accessories foam bed wedges hospital bed sheets & blankets hospital beds mattress pads & memory foam pads mattress protectors overbed tables & trays pillows pressure relief mattresses & pads- bed rails bed rails adjustable bed rails assist bed rails bed rail accessories bed rail pads bed rails by size bolt-on bed rails double bed rails fall mats hook-on bed rails hospital bed rails portable bed rails rails for electric & adjustable beds safety bed rails tall & high bed rails daily living daily living alzheimers and dementia arthritis aids bibs for adults chair cushions dental supplies dressing aids electronic alerts systems home blood pressure monitors hot & cold pads lift chairs lift chairs & uplift seats massage therapy orthopedic supplies paraffin baths & supplies personal care phones for seniors pill organizers and reminders reachers seamless & slipper socks sexual wellness staying fit utensils and dinnerware vision aids more from this category incontinence incontinence abena attends depend depend for men depend for women fitright healthdri janibell molicare prevail protection plus staydry tena tranquility unique wellness wings catheters diapers, underwear & briefs incontinence accessories incontinence for men incontinence for women overnight adult diapers / max. absorbency pads pull up diapers / protective underwear skin care for incontinence tape on / tab style / disposable adult briefs wipes and washcloths lift chairs medical medical supplies antibacterial sanitizers bandages and tape compression hosiery diabetic supplies disinfectant wipes and surface cleaners edema pumps & sleeves electrotherapy first aid foot care laxatives & suppositories medical scrubs nutritionals ointments and cleansers ostomy supplies over the counter (otc) pain medication patient room supplies and furniture pediatric rehab skin care thermometers wound care plus size plus size bariatric & plus size bariatric rollators bariatric wheelchairs bariatric transport wheelchairs heavy duty & bariatric shower chairs bariatric lifts & swings heavy duty scooters bariatric crutches scooters scooters 3 wheel mobility scooters 4 wheel mobility scooter drive medical mobility scooters ewheels scooters golden technologies scooters heavy duty scooters mobility scooter accessories pride scooters travel scooters walking aids walking aids 3 wheel rollators without seat 4 wheel rollators with seat adjustable canes bariatric rollators canes crutches lightweight rollators narrow rollators outdoor rollators pediatric walking aids patient lift rollators rollator/transport chair combo tall rollators walkers wheelchairs wheelchairs bariatric wheelchairs lightweight wheelchairs pediatric wheelchairs power wheelchairs reclining wheelchairs shower commode wheelchairs shower wheelchairs standard wheelchairs transport chairs ultra-light wheelchairs wheelchair cushions & pads wheelchair trays wheelchair accessories wheelchair ramps & threshold ramps learn buyer guides bathroom safety bedding bedrails for elderly daily living aids diabetic supplies incontinence products & supplies medical supplies skin care senior mobility devices see all buyer guides articles aging in place alzheimer's & dementia better health caregiving essentials elder care crisis driven home & bath safety incontinence issues nutrition necessities quality of life staying fit see all articles resources caregiver resources checklists health tips news flashes what's new in the store the genesis of parentgiving: connect with the founders parentgiving.com is personal to its founders, who have been struggling to find help and answers since becoming caregivers for their own parents. noticing a lack of a cohesive and comprehensive resources for caregivers, the parentgiving.com founders set out to help others while helping themselves by bringing together the best information, support and products in one place on the internet. the three founding partners of parentgiving.com share their personal stories, and photos of themselves with their parents and grandparents: lynn altman bob silver david zoll about parentgiving.com - dedicated to caregiving and elder care for your aging parents parentgiving.com was created to help time-starved caregivers provide better care for their aging parents by providing: in-depth information and helpful checklists about a variety of caregiving topics; on-call professional care managers who possess the expertise and experience necessary to help navigate through the maze of caregiving; and a more enlightened shopping experience at the shop parentgiving store, where family caregivers can learn about and shop for the products and supplies that best fit their aging parents’ needs. so whether you are a new caregiver or have been caring for your aging parent for years, parentgiving.com is here to answer your questions, streamline your time, reduce your stress and simplify your life. the parentgiving team the parentgiving founders, from left: david zoll, bob silver and lynn altman bob silver, co-founder — bob is president and co-founder of the bravitas group inc., a firm dedicated to advising and investing in emerging business enterprises and to supporting various philanthropic activities.  prior to starting his own firm, bob served as the president and chief operating officer, ubs financial services, inc.  currently, bob serves as an independent trustee and chairman of the boards of trustees of ishares, an affiliate of blackrock, inc. bob’s business ventures also include the adaptive reuse and redevelopment of commercial real estate property.  his key projects have received silver and gold leed certification from the usgbc. bob is a longtime supporter and volunteer for a wide range of nonprofit organizations. in recognition of bob’s leadership, service and dedication to the ymca and the kids, families and communities it serves, he received the 2011 red triangle award, the highest award given by the ymca of greater new york. in 2006, bob received the 32nd ymca dodge award for his longstanding humanitarian service to the community. he served as vice chairman and a member of the board of directors for the ymca of greater new york,  chairing its fund development committee, from 2001 to 2011. bob is also a longtime supporter of the valerie fund, a nj-based nonprofit organization that provides support for the comprehensive health care of children with cancer and blood disorders. a theater enthusiast, he is a tony award-winning producer and investor in such hit shows as jersey boys, jay johnson - the two and only, and jacques brel is alive and well and living in paris. bob and his sister jackie were the primary caregivers for both of their parents, sylvia and louis.  after becoming educated about assisted living and other care options, bob helped his parents find care workers to allow them to stay at home. he lost his mother shortly before her 90th birthday, after almost 20 years of fighting cancer.  in october 2008, his father passed away at age 93.  this experience encouraged bob and his two co-founders to start parentgiving.com to help make the lives of family caregivers a bit easier. bob is fanatical about providing an exceptional client experience through parentgiving.com to family caregivers and their loved ones. david zoll, co-founder — david is president of dz development group, llc.  he is former executive vice president, market strategy & development, ubs wealth management u.s., and former executive vice president, national sales, ubs wealth management us / paine webber. david was a member of the ubs wealth management executive committee u.s.; he was also a member of the securities industry association, sales and marketing committee. recently david has engaged in a variety of entrepreneurial, real estate, broadway, and private investment endeavors. david is the primary caregiver for his 82-year-old mother, shirley.  after a series of injuries, hospitalizations, and an exhaustive search for the right caregiving help, shirley was able to stay at her home in boston for 18 months with the assistance of home health aides. after a recent and unforeseen illness, from which she has since fully recovered, shirley and david came to the conclusion that the best environment for her is an assisted living facility, into which she has recently moved and is thriving. lynn altman, co-founder — lynn is president of the brand now agency and has worked on more than 400 new product and branding initiatives for 62 of the top 100 global brands. a martial artist and dedicated yoga practitioner, lynn feels passionately about the role that physical and emotional fitness play in healthy aging. in her teens, lynn watched and helped as her parents became the primary caregivers for her father’s mother, beatrice. beatrice died from complications of diabetes two years after lynn’s parents first noticed physical and psychological deterioration. from this experience, lynn learned the importance of planning ahead for retirement and elder care and is eager to share this knowledge with others. david spain, chief executive officer  — david is a seasoned ecommerce executive with extensive experience in brand development, internet marketing, user experience and customer acquisition.  david has been instrumental in building ecommerce businesses for sure fit, chf industries, and schottenstein luxury group and has led the development, launch, and growth of ecommerce sites for dknyhome, donnakaranhome, curtainworks, everydayhomeoutlet,  judith leiber, adrienne vittadini, shaq, and most recently biaggi luggage. david’s previous experiences included sales and marketing leadership positions with burlington industries and sara lee.  mr. spain holds a bs in marketing from virginia tech, and an mba from lehigh university.  david’s journey at parentgiving.com is inspired and motivated by his fiercely independent 88 year old mother ruth (who lives at home, drives herself, is an excellent cook, and cajoles her family and friends on a daily basis) scott la londe, chief operations officer — scott has over 20 years of experience in fixed media and web application development.  before joining the parentgiving team, scott was the director of technology for columbia university digital knowledge ventures, a multimedia design and development group providing services to clients on campus as well as to organizations outside the university. scott also has extensive experience in the small business world both as an owner/operator and on a consulting basis. connect with us facebook twitter youtube google+ company info about us contact us order status press room services & support auto delivery program coupons institutional sales rewards program volume discounts guides & resources articles buyer guides caregiver resources policies & returns privacy policy return policy shipping policy sitemap terms of use parentgiving is dedicated to providing the best selection and best prices of home healthcare products online. whether buying personal hospital medical equipment or medical supplies for your home, or mobility products for your loved ones, you can find your medical products online at our store and have them delivered to your door within two business days. our award-winning customer service team all have personal experience with the aging process and have logged tens of thousands of hours assisting seniors and their caretakers in what to consider and what works when it is time to buy medical supplies. we specialize in finding the absolute best solutions for incontinence, from fit, to absorbency, to application. we have direct relationships with every manufacturer of incontinence supplies, and ensure only first quality merchandise is delivered to our customer’s doorstep in one to two business days. in addition, we offer one of the broadest sampling programs for incontinence products: from adult diapers to underpads, chux to booster pads, wipes to gloves, and even incontinence skin care. our sampling program ensures the best fit and application and allows our customers to optimize the best combination of fit, absorption, and cost. parentgiving understands the unique demands of aging in place and is dedicated to providing the best online shopping experience when purchasing home health care products. parentgiving is an authorized retailer for the most respected and premium brands in the medical supply, incontinence, mobility, and urological fields. as an authorized medical supply retailer, we ensure all products are of first quality and that all medical products are backed by a manufacturer’s warranty. our award-winning customer service team (located in beautiful montclair new jersey) receives the latest in product training and in-service calls from our manufacturers at least two times per month. parentgiving is proud to offer home health care products from manufacturers like abena, able-life, aloe vesta, covidien, depend, invacare, bard, uromed, , coloplast, ensure, boost, carex, lumex, convatec, drive medical, molnlycke, lifesource, thera-band, posey, provon, health o meter, karman, nova, medline, salk, pride mobility, ewheels, hollister, smith & nephew, tena, tranquility, wings, prevail, and stander. you can view a detailed list of all of our medical supply, incontinence, and mobility manufacturers on our brand page. parentgiving is constantly expanding its products and categories to reflect the needs of our customers. if you are looking for something that we don’t carry, or are looking for something that is hard to find, please call us at 1-888-746-2107 and we will source it for you. our direct to manufacturer relationships ensure the lowest possible prices for home healthcare products online, and we pass those savings on to you. copyright © copyright 2015 parentgiving, inc. all rights reserved.all content on parentgiving.com, including articles, newsletters, and news, is for information only and not intended to diagnose, treat or advise on medical, health, legal, financial or other issues. see additional information. use of this website is subject to our terms of use and privacy policy.