来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20161121003643/http://www.parentgiving.com/elder-care/rewards-points-program/
================================================================================

the parentgiving rewards points program pg home | create an account| sign in| order status| samples | faqs | cart: (no items) | parentgiving 1 - 888 - 746 - 2107 mon - thurs: 9am to 8pm et, fri 9am to 5pm et brand brand all brands attends abena able life aloe vesta baza boost carex coloplast clarity depend dignity drive medical ensure everest & jennings glucerna hoyer lifts karman lumex medline - medical supplies & equipment nova poise prevail remedy stander tena tranquility unique wellness bath safety bath safety bariatric bathroom aids bath essentials bathing bath lifts bath mats bathtub transfer benches cast protectors commode chairs floor-to-ceiling poles pediatric bath safety hand held shower heads shower chairs & bath benches shower, tub & bathroom grab bars toilet safety frames & rails toilet seat risers bedroom bedroom bariatric beds and more bed safety accessories bed trapeze bedding bedroom accessories fall mats floor-to-ceiling poles foam bed wedges hospital bed sheets & blankets hospital & home care bed products mattress pads & memory foam pads mattress protectors overbed tables & trays patient lifts pillows pressure relief mattresses & pads- bed rails bed rails adjustable bed rails assist bed rails bed rail accessories bed rail pads hospital bed rails portable or travel bed rails bed rails for adjustable beds bed rails for fall prevention daily living daily living alzheimers and dementia arthritis aids bibs for adults chair cushions dental supplies dressing aids electronic alerts systems home blood pressure monitors hearing assists hot & cold pads lift chairs uplift seats massage therapy orthopedic supplies personal care phones for seniors pill organizers and reminders reachers seamless & slipper socks staying fit tv listening utensils and dinnerware vision aids more from this category incontinence incontinence abena attends depend for men depend for women fitright healthdri janibell molicare poise prevail protection plus staydry tena tranquility unique wellness wings booster pads catheters chux, waterproof pads, and covers diapers, underwear & briefs gloves incontinence accessories incontinence for men incontinence for women overnight adult diapers / max. absorbency personal pads & liners pull up diapers / protective underwear skin care for incontinence tape on / tab style / disposable adult briefs wipes and washcloths lift chairs medical medical supplies antibacterial sanitizers bandages and tape compression hosiery diabetic supplies disinfectant wipes and surface cleaners edema pumps & sleeves electrotherapy exam diagnostic equipment first aid foot care laxatives & suppositories medical scrubs nutritional supplements ointments and cleansers ostomy supplies over the counter (otc) pain medication patient room supplies and furniture pediatric rehab skin care thermometers skin pressure protection wound care nutrition nutritional supplements boost carnation breakfast essentials ensure glucerna nutren thick-it enteral nutrition food thickener & puree food nutritional supplement drinks pudding, powders and bars vitamins & supplements scooters scooters 3-wheel travel scooter 4-wheel travel scooter 3 wheel mobility scooters 4 wheel mobility scooter folding scooters heavy duty scooters drive medical mobility scooters ewheels scooters golden technologies scooters pride scooters mobility scooter accessories walking aids walking aids 3 wheel rollators without seat 4 wheel rollators with seat adjustable canes bariatric rollators crutches canes lightweight rollators narrow rollators outdoor rollators patient lifts pediatric walking aids rollators rollator/transport chair combo tall rollators walkers walking sticks wheelchairs wheelchairs bariatric wheelchairs lightweight wheelchairs pediatric wheelchairs power wheelchairs reclining wheelchairs shower commode wheelchairs shower wheelchairs standard wheelchairs transport chairs ultra-light wheelchairs wheelchair cushions & pads wheelchair trays wheelchair accessories wheelchair ramps & threshold ramps learn buyer guides bathroom safety bedding bedrails for elderly daily living aids diabetic supplies incontinence products & supplies medical supplies skin care senior mobility devices see all buyer guides articles aging in place alzheimer's & dementia better health caregiving essentials elder care crisis driven home & bath safety incontinence issues nutrition necessities quality of life staying fit see all articles resources caregiver resources checklists health tips news flashes what's new in the store resources buyer guides caregiver resources checklists health tips what's new in the store articles library aging in place alzheimer's & dementia better health care manager advantage caregiver stories caregiving essentials elder care crisis driven financial sense home & bath safety housing options incontinence issues legal ease long term care medical matters nutrition necessities palliative care quality of life staying fit the parentgiving rewards points program get paid for your loyalty! earn rewards points for each of your purchases - then redeem points* for discounts, or even free products if you have enough points. parentgiving currently offers more than 6,000 home care and medical supplies for seniors. our mission is help make quality caregiving for the elderly easier. the rewards points program helps us fulfill this mission by allowing you to lower your costs for frequently needed caregiving items. with your parentgiving online account, you can manage your account online, check your order status, view your order history, view your rewards points log, and more - all while you earn reward points on purchases. we have added an additional payment function to our shopping cart so that you will be able to quickly redeem your rewards points at checkout. your rewards points will never expire; they go on indefinitely subject to the terms and conditions of the program that are outlined below. we here at parentgiving want to thank you for your continued business. learn more about our rewards program: benefits the rewards points program is designed to reward our loyal customers. being a member of our program gives you exclusive privileges and benefits including: earn 2 points for every dollar spent (some restrictions apply) easily redeem previously awarded points* at checkout for dollars off your order. 100 points equals one reward dollar ($1 off your purchase). obtain special bonus points offers on selected promotional products view your points log and current balance online your points never expire terms & conditions parentgiving, inc. (parentgiving) reserves the right to change these program terms and conditions at any time with no notice. program launch notice please note that the parentgiving points program launched on may 30, 2012; there would be no rewards points associated with orders on or before this date. points accrual for each order, you earn 2 rewards points for the total of items purchased minus any of the following, if applicable: coupon discounts, rewards dollars applied, and/or gift certificate dollars applied. please also note that you do not earn points for any charges related to shipping or sales tax.   please note that lift chairs and scooters are not eligible for point accrual. *points redemption – rewards dollars when redeeming rewards points, each point is worth 1/100 reward dollars. for example, one hundred (100) points equals one (1) reward dollar, or one dollar off your purchase. each order is subject to a minimum of five ($5) rewards dollars, a minimum of five hundred (500) rewards points. the maximum number of reward dollars that can be applied is the order total; you cannot redeem points for more rewards dollars than the total that is due to complete payment for your order.   you must have an active parentgiving account in order to redeem points. points may be redeemed on the initial dry direct order and may be applied to subsequent subscription orders. program cancellation parentgiving may cancel the rewards points program, as well as any point balances, at any time by giving thirty (30) days prior notice by email. if the email is not received due to a spam blocker, a change of email address, a full mailbox or any other reason, parentgiving will not be held responsible and will not be required to extend the notification time. general terms in the event that a customer’s method of payment is declined, points will not be earned. points are not earned until the transaction is completed and paid in full. points accrued by customers are not transferable by operation of law or otherwise to any person or entity and cannot be transferred to any other account. credits posted to orders that acquired rewards points, including those arising from returned goods will also result in a debit to the points accrued in your account. parentgiving reserves the right to decline any request to convert reward points for purchase at any time. points will not be applied unless you sign in to your user account during checkout so that we can associate your order with your account, or you call in to place your order and let the customer service representative know that you have an account and give them the email address you used to establish the account. if you do not have an account at the time you are placing your order, you may create one by signing up for an account during the online checkout, or by asking the customer service rep to start one when placing your order over the phone. failure to make sure your account is associated with your order in one of the manners described above may forfeit the points to your account. fraud or abuse relating to the accrual of your reward points, or redemption of your points, will result in forfeiture of your accrued points and cancellation of your account. rewards members who purchase gift certificates or gift cards are eligible to acquire points, not the person redeeming them. customers are encouraged to check this web page from time to time for the most current terms and conditions. connect with us facebook twitter youtube google+ company info about us contact us order status press room services & support auto delivery program coupons faqs institutional sales rewards program guides & resources articles buyer guides caregiver resources policies & returns privacy policy return policy return an item shipping policy sitemap terms of use parentgiving is dedicated to providing the best selection and best prices of home healthcare products online. whether buying personal hospital medical equipment or medical supplies for your home, or mobility products for your loved ones, you can find your medical products online at our store and have them delivered to your door within two business days. our award-winning customer service team all have personal experience with the aging process and have logged tens of thousands of hours assisting seniors and their caretakers in what to consider and what works when it is time to buy medical supplies. we specialize in finding the absolute best solutions for incontinence, from fit, to absorbency, to application. we have direct relationships with every manufacturer of incontinence supplies, and ensure only first quality merchandise is delivered to our customer’s doorstep in one to two business days. in addition, we offer one of the broadest sampling programs for incontinence products: from adult diapers to underpads, chux to booster pads, wipes to gloves, and even incontinence skin care. our sampling program ensures the best fit and application and allows our customers to optimize the best combination of fit, absorption, and cost. parentgiving understands the unique demands of aging in place and is dedicated to providing the best online shopping experience when purchasing home health care products. parentgiving is an authorized retailer for the most respected and premium brands in the medical supply, incontinence, mobility, and urological fields. as an authorized medical supply retailer, we ensure all products are of first quality and that all medical products are backed by a manufacturer’s warranty. our award-winning customer service team (located in beautiful montclair new jersey) receives the latest in product training and in-service calls from our manufacturers at least two times per month. parentgiving is proud to offer home health care products from manufacturers like abena, able-life, aloe vesta, covidien, depend, invacare, bard, uromed, , coloplast, ensure, boost, carex, lumex, convatec, drive medical, molnlycke, lifesource, thera-band, posey, provon, health o meter, karman, nova, medline, salk, pride mobility, ewheels, hollister, smith & nephew, tena, tranquility, wings, prevail, and stander. you can view a detailed list of all of our medical supply, incontinence, and mobility manufacturers on our brand page. parentgiving is constantly expanding its products and categories to reflect the needs of our customers. if you are looking for something that we don’t carry, or are looking for something that is hard to find, please call us at 1-888-746-2107 and we will source it for you. our direct to manufacturer relationships ensure the lowest possible prices for home healthcare products online, and we pass those savings on to you. copyright © copyright 2016 parentgiving, inc. all rights reserved.all content on parentgiving.com, including articles, newsletters, and news, is for information only and not intended to diagnose, treat or advise on medical, health, legal, financial or other issues. see additional information. use of this website is subject to our terms of use and privacy policy. × home health care made easier receive the latest coupons, special deals, articles, product reviews and the latest health & wellness advice for seniors. new subscribers will receive 10% off of your first order! *valid only for new subscribers. coupon cannot be combined with other offers or used on map priced items or dry direct orders. maximum savings of $75. sign up no thanks