来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20161121003643/http://www.parentgiving.com/elder-care/about/
================================================================================

about parentgiving.com - dedicated to caregiving and elder care pg home | create an account| sign in| order status| samples | faqs | cart: (no items) | parentgiving 1 - 888 - 746 - 2107 mon - thurs: 9am to 8pm et, fri 9am to 5pm et brand brand all brands attends abena able life aloe vesta baza boost carex coloplast clarity depend dignity drive medical ensure everest & jennings glucerna hoyer lifts karman lumex medline - medical supplies & equipment nova poise prevail remedy stander tena tranquility unique wellness bath safety bath safety bariatric bathroom aids bath essentials bathing bath lifts bath mats bathtub transfer benches cast protectors commode chairs floor-to-ceiling poles pediatric bath safety hand held shower heads shower chairs & bath benches shower, tub & bathroom grab bars toilet safety frames & rails toilet seat risers bedroom bedroom bariatric beds and more bed safety accessories bed trapeze bedding bedroom accessories fall mats floor-to-ceiling poles foam bed wedges hospital bed sheets & blankets hospital & home care bed products mattress pads & memory foam pads mattress protectors overbed tables & trays patient lifts pillows pressure relief mattresses & pads- bed rails bed rails adjustable bed rails assist bed rails bed rail accessories bed rail pads hospital bed rails portable or travel bed rails bed rails for adjustable beds bed rails for fall prevention daily living daily living alzheimers and dementia arthritis aids bibs for adults chair cushions dental supplies dressing aids electronic alerts systems home blood pressure monitors hearing assists hot & cold pads lift chairs uplift seats massage therapy orthopedic supplies personal care phones for seniors pill organizers and reminders reachers seamless & slipper socks staying fit tv listening utensils and dinnerware vision aids more from this category incontinence incontinence abena attends depend for men depend for women fitright healthdri janibell molicare poise prevail protection plus staydry tena tranquility unique wellness wings booster pads catheters chux, waterproof pads, and covers diapers, underwear & briefs gloves incontinence accessories incontinence for men incontinence for women overnight adult diapers / max. absorbency personal pads & liners pull up diapers / protective underwear skin care for incontinence tape on / tab style / disposable adult briefs wipes and washcloths lift chairs medical medical supplies antibacterial sanitizers bandages and tape compression hosiery diabetic supplies disinfectant wipes and surface cleaners edema pumps & sleeves electrotherapy exam diagnostic equipment first aid foot care laxatives & suppositories medical scrubs nutritional supplements ointments and cleansers ostomy supplies over the counter (otc) pain medication patient room supplies and furniture pediatric rehab skin care thermometers skin pressure protection wound care nutrition nutritional supplements boost carnation breakfast essentials ensure glucerna nutren thick-it enteral nutrition food thickener & puree food nutritional supplement drinks pudding, powders and bars vitamins & supplements scooters scooters 3-wheel travel scooter 4-wheel travel scooter 3 wheel mobility scooters 4 wheel mobility scooter folding scooters heavy duty scooters drive medical mobility scooters ewheels scooters golden technologies scooters pride scooters mobility scooter accessories walking aids walking aids 3 wheel rollators without seat 4 wheel rollators with seat adjustable canes bariatric rollators crutches canes lightweight rollators narrow rollators outdoor rollators patient lifts pediatric walking aids rollators rollator/transport chair combo tall rollators walkers walking sticks wheelchairs wheelchairs bariatric wheelchairs lightweight wheelchairs pediatric wheelchairs power wheelchairs reclining wheelchairs shower commode wheelchairs shower wheelchairs standard wheelchairs transport chairs ultra-light wheelchairs wheelchair cushions & pads wheelchair trays wheelchair accessories wheelchair ramps & threshold ramps learn buyer guides bathroom safety bedding bedrails for elderly daily living aids diabetic supplies incontinence products & supplies medical supplies skin care senior mobility devices see all buyer guides articles aging in place alzheimer's & dementia better health caregiving essentials elder care crisis driven home & bath safety incontinence issues nutrition necessities quality of life staying fit see all articles resources caregiver resources checklists health tips news flashes what's new in the store resources buyer guides caregiver resources checklists health tips what's new in the store articles library aging in place alzheimer's & dementia better health care manager advantage caregiver stories caregiving essentials elder care crisis driven financial sense home & bath safety housing options incontinence issues legal ease long term care medical matters nutrition necessities palliative care quality of life staying fit about parentgiving.com - dedicated to caregiving and elder care by caregivers – for caregivers, and the aging every single employee at parentgiving, from our award winning customer care team to our management team and even our interns, has been a caregiver, or has personal family experience with the aging process. having caregiver experience is mandatory and is a pre-requisite for our hiring and recruiting process. we can teach and train on product knowledge and application, we cannot teach empathy for the aging process. that context of understanding for caregiving and the aging is critical to our success and critical to our service offering. parentgiving.com was formed in 2008 when its founders struggled to find help and answers since becoming caregivers for their own parents. noticing a lack of a cohesive and comprehensive resources for caregivers, the parentgiving.com founders set out to help others while helping themselves by bringing together the best information, support and products in one place on the internet. the best customer care team on the planet! personal experience as caregivers every single person on our customer care team have been, or currently are family caregivers. we have personal experience with every aspect of aging from incontinence to dementia, alzheimer’s, and home hospice care. we have amassed over 50,000 hours of customer care time and have assisted well over 200,000 customers – many of whom come back monthly for personalized consultations or product recommendations. on-going and in-depth product training with over 300 brands and in excess of 7500 product skus, it takes a lot of product training to keep up with the latest advances in aging products. our best manufacturers make a beeline for our offices here in montclair new jersey to conduct in-service training – we usually welcome manufacturer reps and product managers about twice a month. from pressure prevention devices to mobility scooters to lift chairs to the latest incontinence products – we pull our whole customer care team together and have collaborative training sessions with product experts. our management team tours product factories throughout the country to offer trend insight and customer feedback and to form a continuous loop on product improvements. helping you find the right products for aging in place – the first time so many of our customers state "we wish we found parentgiving a long time ago." outfitting a home for aging in place requires detailed insight and understanding. finding the right incontinence product mix and frequency should not by trial by error. with our industry best knowledge and experience, we help our client customers save time, money, and frustration by expertly guiding them to the right products the first time. only the best products – which are not found at the local supermart or pharmacy we scour the universe of products and our supply chains to offer up only the highest rated and most applicable merchandise. many of our best-selling products are healthcare products that are not offered in retail stores. we "curate" these products and solicit reviews from our caregiver customers to deem which products are the "best". the highest-rated and best-selling items are often promoted on our site and in our catalogs because they have a proven track record – and ensure a great experience for our customers. many of our incontinence customers have found us because the store brands just don’t offer enough absorbency, comfort or quality. all of products are 100% first quality and can be traced directly to the manufacturer. the same cannot be said of some of our online peers and/or marketplaces where assisted living facilities or bulk buying operations divert goods to consumers via online faux stores. discreet home delivery and super fast shipping 95% of our orders go from click to door in one to two business days!!! our supply chain network is located strategically across the country and all of our warehouses ship orders the same day that an order is received (before 5:00 pm). we employ secure carriers like ups or fedex to ensure a trackable package from source to door and we ship in discreet packaging (plain boxes) to protect your privacy. saturday delivery is included in a majority of orders as well. no longer does a person have to suffer the hassle and embarrassment of buying a 20 lb case of incontinence supplies at the local mart, lug it out to your car, and then trudge it in to your home. 2% back on all purchases – with no annual membership fee we honor our loyal customers with 2% back on all purchases via the parentgiving rewards program. our loyalty program requires no upfront or annual fee, and points can be redeemed on subsequent purchases in increments of $5 and higher. auto-ship / dry-direct subscription service enroll online or have one of our dedicated customer care experts set up your dry direct subscription for regularly scheduled shipments. dry direct subscribers get 5% off and free-shipping and a price lock guarantee for at least six months – and the parentgiving points program provides 2% back on all purchases – without an upfront fee. dry direct subscriptions can be cancelled or modified at any time. all major credit cards accepted. we gladly accept visa, mastercard, american express and discover cards. additionally, we offer paypal, paypal credit (formerly bill me later), and personal check if you prefer. connect with us facebook twitter youtube google+ company info about us contact us order status press room services & support auto delivery program coupons faqs institutional sales rewards program guides & resources articles buyer guides caregiver resources policies & returns privacy policy return policy return an item shipping policy sitemap terms of use parentgiving is dedicated to providing the best selection and best prices of home healthcare products online. whether buying personal hospital medical equipment or medical supplies for your home, or mobility products for your loved ones, you can find your medical products online at our store and have them delivered to your door within two business days. our award-winning customer service team all have personal experience with the aging process and have logged tens of thousands of hours assisting seniors and their caretakers in what to consider and what works when it is time to buy medical supplies. we specialize in finding the absolute best solutions for incontinence, from fit, to absorbency, to application. we have direct relationships with every manufacturer of incontinence supplies, and ensure only first quality merchandise is delivered to our customer’s doorstep in one to two business days. in addition, we offer one of the broadest sampling programs for incontinence products: from adult diapers to underpads, chux to booster pads, wipes to gloves, and even incontinence skin care. our sampling program ensures the best fit and application and allows our customers to optimize the best combination of fit, absorption, and cost. parentgiving understands the unique demands of aging in place and is dedicated to providing the best online shopping experience when purchasing home health care products. parentgiving is an authorized retailer for the most respected and premium brands in the medical supply, incontinence, mobility, and urological fields. as an authorized medical supply retailer, we ensure all products are of first quality and that all medical products are backed by a manufacturer’s warranty. our award-winning customer service team (located in beautiful montclair new jersey) receives the latest in product training and in-service calls from our manufacturers at least two times per month. parentgiving is proud to offer home health care products from manufacturers like abena, able-life, aloe vesta, covidien, depend, invacare, bard, uromed, , coloplast, ensure, boost, carex, lumex, convatec, drive medical, molnlycke, lifesource, thera-band, posey, provon, health o meter, karman, nova, medline, salk, pride mobility, ewheels, hollister, smith & nephew, tena, tranquility, wings, prevail, and stander. you can view a detailed list of all of our medical supply, incontinence, and mobility manufacturers on our brand page. parentgiving is constantly expanding its products and categories to reflect the needs of our customers. if you are looking for something that we don’t carry, or are looking for something that is hard to find, please call us at 1-888-746-2107 and we will source it for you. our direct to manufacturer relationships ensure the lowest possible prices for home healthcare products online, and we pass those savings on to you. copyright © copyright 2016 parentgiving, inc. all rights reserved.all content on parentgiving.com, including articles, newsletters, and news, is for information only and not intended to diagnose, treat or advise on medical, health, legal, financial or other issues. see additional information. use of this website is subject to our terms of use and privacy policy. × home health care made easier receive the latest coupons, special deals, articles, product reviews and the latest health & wellness advice for seniors. new subscribers will receive 10% off of your first order! *valid only for new subscribers. coupon cannot be combined with other offers or used on map priced items or dry direct orders. maximum savings of $75. sign up no thanks