来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20191215192909/https://www.parentgiving.com/shop/commode-chairs-275/c/
================================================================================

commode chair | adult potty chair | toilet chair for elderly, disabled customer center sign in create an account order status returns faqs hours mon—thurs: 9am to 7pm, est fri: 9am to 5pm, est visit our help center free shipping on orders over $50 with coupon freeship (view details) 1-888-746-2107 account help 0 cart incontinence view all adult diapers & incontinence all adult diapers & incontinence all samples adult diapers / briefs / underwear adult diapers overnight diapers protective underwear briefs/tape-on bariatric briefs & bariatric diapers reusable adult briefs pads, liners & guards booster pads incontinence pads & liner pads male guards for women for men for youth and teen catheters underpads & mattress covers chux pads - disposable underpads washable & reusable underpads waterproof mattress covers & covers for beds incontinence clean-up diaper disposal systems odor eliminators cleansers wipes and washcloths exam gloves bedpans & urinals skin care cleansers antifungal barrier creams shampoo & body wash top brand dry direct tranquility unique wellness tena depend abena molicare attends seni wings fitright protection plus learn parentgiving picks (our recommendations) incontinence articles understanding incontinence choosing the best the best overnight diapers choosing the best incontinence pads & liners lift aids view all lift aids all lift aids lift chairs 3-position infinite-position zero gravity wall-hugger accessories lift chairs by brand golden technologies pride mobility patient lifts electric lifts hydraulic lifts stand-up lifts bath lifts slings accessories patient lifts by brand drive hoyer lumex medline industries seat lifts learn choosing the best lift chairs choosing the best patient lifts scooters view all scooters all scooters 3 wheel scooters for adults 4 wheel mobility scooters heavy duty mobility scooters travel scooters folding scooters by brand drive medical pride ewheels golden technologies merits scooter accessories learn how to choose an electric mobility scooter nutrition view all nutrition all nutrition by brand boost ensure glucerna kate farms thick-it enteral nutrition food thickener & puree food nutritional powders, puddings and bars nutritional supplement drinks - ensure drinks, boost drinks & more vitamins & supplements fiber iron multi vitamins vitamin d learn nutrition articles parentgiving picks top nutritional products bath safety view all bath safety all bath safety bariatric bathroom aids bath lifts bathtub safety bathtub transfer benches bathtub, bathroom and shower grab bars commode chairs 3-in-1 commodes commode liners drop-arm commodes folding bedside commodes padded commodes shower commode chairs floor-to-ceiling transfer poles shower chairs, bath benches & shower benches folding shower chair roll-in shower chairs shower & bath chairs with backs shower & bathtub stools shower chairs with arms shower safety toilet safety learn top bath safety items bath and toilet safety products for aging in place how to choose the best bathtub transfer benches how to choose bathroom safety products bedroom view all bedroom all bedroom bed rails adjustable bed rails bed assist rails hospital bed rails portable or travel bed rails bed safety accessories bed sore pads & pressure relief mattresses bed trapeze bedding chux, waterproof pads, and covers fall mats floor-to-ceiling transfer poles hospital bed & home care bed products hospital & home care beds hospital bed sheets & blankets mattress pads, memory foam pads & egg crate foam overbed tables & trays patient lifts & sling lifts pillow wedges & foam bed wedges pillows learn choosing the best safetly bed rails choosing the bestpans and urinals choosing the best bedding daily living view all daily living all daily living alarm clock watches, shaking alarm clocks, and more all phones for seniors amplified phones big button phones emergency phone alerts alzheimer's and dementia adaptive clothing personal safety incl. hand mitts for elderly safety alarms incl. bed alarms everyday aids arthritis aids incl. hand heating pads bath robes incl. terry cloth bath robes dental supplies incl. oral swabs dining aids incl. disposable adult bibs dressing aids electronic alert systems exercise equipment for seniors hearing assists home blood pressure monitors medical seat cushions hot & cold pads light therapy orthopedic supplies paraffin baths & supplies personal care pill organizers and cutters reachers seat lifts speech assistance wireless headphones for elderly + tv listening learn choosing the best daily living aids choosing the best pill organizers choosing the best clothing & dressing aids mobility view all mobility all mobility canes adjustable aluminum folding offset quad seat crutches rollators 3 wheel without seat 4 wheel with seat bariatric lightweight narrow outdoor rollator/transport chair combo tall rollators walkers folding bariatric specialty standard accessories by brand wheelchairs power bariatric lightweight ramps & threshold ramps standard learn choosing the best crutches choosing the best walkers choosing the best walking canes choosing the best wheelchairs medical view all medical all medical alcohol prep pads antibacterial sanitizers cervical collars & neck braces compression stockings/hosiery cpap medical supplies diabetic supplies disinfectant wipes and surface cleaners erection devices first aid foot care iodine swabs and swabsticks laxatives & suppositories medical garments moisturizers for elderly skin ostomy supplies wound ointments and cleansers learn choosing the best diabetic supplies choosing the best diabetic food bariatric view all bariatric all bariatric bath seats and shower chairs bathroom aids beds crutches and canes heavy duty mobility scooters home medical items lifts rollators slings underwear and briefs walkers wheelchairs learn choosing the best bariatric walkers and rollators chossing the best bariatric briefs chossing the best bariatric wheelchair brand view all brands all brands abena able life aloe vesta attends baza boost carex celeste stein clarity coloplast depend dignity drive medical ensure everest and jennings ewheels scooters fitright glucerna golden technologies hoyer lifts janibell karman lumex medline nova poise prevail pride mobility protection plus remedy seni stander tena tranquility unique wellness brief and underwear learn learn articles all articles aging in place alzheimer's & dementia better health caregiving essentials elder care crisis driven home & bath safety incontinence issues nutrition necessities quality of life staying fit parentgiving picks all picks bath safety items booster pads mobility products nutritional supplements overbed tables overnight diapers phones for seniors pull up diapers support bed rails under pads resources auto delivery program checklists health tips incontinece picks incontinence faqs incontinence samples understanding incontinence home » bath safety & bathroom safety products refine category results weight capacity- 200 lbs- 300 lbs 301 lbs- 400 lbs 401 lbs -500 lbs 501 lbs and more width between arms- 17"-18.9" 19"-21.9" 22"-37" seat width- 13"-20" 21"-36" commode weight- 0- 10 lbs 11-20 lbs 21-30 lbs 30 lbs and more height adjustable- yes no commode with wheels- wheels no wheels brand- cardinal health drive guardian invacare medline industries nova enter your email for a special discount! stay connected with parentgiving. new subscribers will save 10% on your first order!* sign up view details commode chairs commode chairs are an essential device for many people who have severe mobility problems. having a portable toilet chair in the bedroom is convenient for home caregivers and their patients when they are unable to make the long trip to a regular commode. they can also be placed in a bathroom or shower to provide additional support and function. at parentgiving, we carry many types of commode chairs for users of all needs. with low prices on the top manufacturers of home medical equipment such as complete medical, drive medical, invacare and lumex, it's easy to find a lightweight portable commode for elderly and disabled people that will always be at hand. every portable commode seat in our inventory has a waste receptacle designed for easy removal and cleaning, and a solid frame made from rust-resistant steel or aluminum. from there, you can choose the style that is the best fit for your or your loved one. we have standard bedside commodes along with folding bedside commodes that are easy to store and transport. shower commode chairs and transfer benches are especially useful if someone needs to go when bathing. a drop-arm elderly potty chair has movable armrests to help people on and off the toilet, while padded commode seats have additional cushioning on the seats, arms and/or backrests for added contentment. a number of weight capacities are available, including bariatric toilet chairs for plus-size people. you can also choose an ideal seat width, get a commode chair with wheels and find an adjustable height portable commode for multiple-user situations. we even have 3-in-1 commode chairs that can be used as toilet safety rails or elevated toilet seats. whatever your caregiving needs, you can count on parentgiving's expert staff to offer a professional perspective and guidance. our fast and free shipping on orders over $50 lets people save even more. select a category below or visit our buyer's guide for more information on commode chairs. check out our selection of commode chairs below commode chairs categories how to choose 3-in-1 commodes excellent comfort and stability as bedside commodes or to be used as a raised to... view category » commode liners disposable liners & bags for commode toilets. view category » drop-arm commodes commodes with arm rests that drop down out of the way to more easily accommodate... view category » folding bedside commodes these folding bedside commodes break down easily for storage or travel. view category » padded commodes commode chairs with padded seats and/or arms for extra comfort. view category » shower commode chairs rust-free commode chairs that can be used in the shower. view category » choosing the best commode chairs a commode chair is a great aid for someone who, because of diminished mobility, must stay in bed or in a wheelchair and cannot easily move to the bathroom. there are many variations in design so that the commode toilet you choose can serve more than one function. there is also a wide price range, often determined by factors ranging from its features to the materials used to make the commode chair to the bodyweight it is able to support. if a bedside commode is needed only temporarily, a less expensive commode toilet design may suffice. if a more supportive bariatric commode is needed or the commode seat will be used over the long term, you’ll want one with the strongest construction. if you’re getting a commode shower chair, be sure the frame is made from a material that won’t rust. versatility is important to some users. the steel folding commode by lumex, made from welded steel, can be easily converted from a bedside commode and set atop a toilet bowl to create a toilet frame and raised toilet seat. this is helpful as you progress from recuperating in bed yet still have difficulty sitting down and rising from a low toilet, for instance. if you have a hard time getting up and down to use a commode or the toilet itself, a commode with a self-powered lifting mechanism like the uplift commode assist by carex will give you safe, controlled support and lifts up to eighty percent of your weight. this model can stand alone or be placed over the toilet. a folding bedside commode is an option when space is limited. the 3-in-1 folding aluminum bedside commode style by drive medical can be folded without tools for convenient storage and travel. the frame can be configured as a bedside commode, toilet safety frame or elevated toilet seat over your existing toilet. top-of-the-line multi-function commode chairs have wheels for easy maneuvering by the user or a caregiver. packed with features, drop-arm commode transport chair with wheels by nova functions as a regular wheeled chair with an upholstered seat (which can be easily removed as needed), back rest and arms. the drop arm commode design also allows for safe lateral transfers to and from the commode, and the chair has swivel casters that roll easily. among the most versatile commodes is the shower chair/commode with wheels by nova. for durability during shower use, the comfortable padded seat is sealed to prevent moisture penetration and is easy to clean. as a commode chair, it can be used as a portable self-contained commode or can be positioned in the shower. another option is commode chairs is a transfer bench commode—a commode built wide enough to be used as a transfer bench for getting in and out of the tub safely and comfortably. the i-class blow-molded transfer bench commode has helpful features like a reversible backrest that snaps in and out so that you can position it to the right or left, depending on the side of the tub or shower that the fixtures are located on. important for any commode seat that will be used within a tub or shower, it has important extra features: a textured, nonslip seat with drain holes and built-in slots to place a hand-held shower and soap. connect with us facebook twitter youtube google+ company info about us contact us order status privacy policy return policy shipping policy services & support auto delivery program coupons faqs forgot password business to business institutional sales pay over time pgpoints program return an item guides & resources articles caregiver resources gerontology scholarship sitemap terms of use parentgiving is well-trusted & loved. copyright © copyright 2020 parentgiving, inc. all rights reserved. all content on parentgiving.com, including articles, newsletters, and news, is for information only and not intended to diagnose, treat or advise on medical, health, legal, financial or other issues. see additional information. use of this website is subject to our terms of use and privacy policy. enter your email for a special discount! × stay connected with parentgiving. new subscribers will save 10% on your first order!* sign up not right now *new subscribers only. this coupon cannot be combined with other offers, used on auto delivery orders or used on ewheels, golden technologies, pride mobility, osaki, joerns or some drive medical products. maximum savings of $75. some restrictions apply.