来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20221206133711/https://www.parentgiving.com/shop/reviews/
================================================================================

parentgiving reviews: customer satisfaction is our #1 goal. help hours: mon—th: 9am to 8pm, fri: 9am to 5pm est order status auto delivery samples promotions contact us faqs pgpoints program returns an item return policy shipping policy my account sign in new customer? create an account order status returns order history auto deliveries collections browsing history 0 my cart 1-888-746-2107 shop for dry direct incontinence personal care daily living safety bedroom nutrition mobility lift aids medical supplies plus size ultimate protective underwear super overnight underwear ultimate underwear maxi overnight brief super brief overnight bladder control pads ultimate booster pad extra soft cleansing wipes about dry direct your underwear is the best that i’ve tried. fits well, is comfortable and does not leak. i also appreciated the quick shipping. the dry direct ultimate is a great product, the best we have found. customer service is very efficient, and deliveries have always been on time. we are very satisfied with parentgiving in all aspects. all incontinence overnight use pull-up underwear tape-on briefs bowel incontinence waterproof pads & covers pads, liners & guards diaper disposal systems incontinence samples swim diapers reusable adult briefs incontinence pads & liner pads adult booster pads chux pads - disposable bed pads washable & reusable underpads belted undergarments male guards flushable wipes diaper disposal liners commode liners for women for men waterproof mattress covers incontinence accessories top brand dry direct tranquility unique wellness abena tena depend fitright protection plus prevail janibell learning center pg picks: incontinence incontinence articles nutritional needs for seniors understanding incontinence gloves wipes and washcloths skin care barrier creams cleansers odor eliminators & air fresheners foot care dental supplies incl. oral swabs antifungal bathing wipes cleansing wipes disposable washcloths moisturizers for elderly skin shampoo & body wash powder free gloves latex-free exam gloves nitrile exam gloves foot care grooming top brand acu-life calmoseptine no-rinse remedy learning center skin health for seniors choosing the best daily living aids pg picks: skin care for incontinence pg picks: incontinence clean up essentials all daily living aids telephones for seniors seat cushions adaptive clothing dressing aids arthritis aids pill organizers and cutters dining aids cordless phones for seniors big button phones wireless headphones & tv listening amplified phones captioned phones alarm clocks & watches hearing assists memory foam seat cushions exercise equipment for seniors reachers light therapy paraffin baths & supplies dental supplies incl. oral swabs bath robes top brand 4care captel clarity imak learning center occupation therapy: relearning activities of daily living 10 signs a senior may need assistance with daily living caring for a loved one with alzheimers bathroom safety bed rails for adults grab bars & rails commode chairs bath & shower seating safety alarms patient transfer devices hospital & home care beds adjustable bed rails alzheimers and dementia bathtub transfer benches bed assist rails bed rail pads & accessories drop-arm commodes electronic alert systems floor-to-ceiling transfer poles hospital bed rails personal safety footstools portable or travel bed rails shower safety toilet safety top brand signature life stander products learning center back safety: avoiding pain top tips for diy home safety fall prevention awareness focus on bathroom safety alzheimer's safety awareness guide all bedroom bed rails for adults pressure relief for beds pillow & foam bed wedges hospital beds & mattresses pillows overbed tables and tray tables waterproof pads & covers mattress relief pads & system waterproof mattress covers bed & overlay pads hospital bed sheets & blankets memory foam & egg crate pads chux pads - disposable bed pads washable & reusable underpads med aire app system bedroom accessories top brand attends essential medical healthcraft hermell products inc medline stander products learning center pg picks: top adult bed rails pg picks: best overbed tables preventing bedsores and pressure sensitive ulcerations bed wedges: health & comfort drink supplements powders, bars & puddings purees & food thickeners vitamins & supplements enteral nutrition boost ensure top brand benecalorie boost ensure resource 2.0 thick-it learning center all nutrition articles incontinence articles heart health tips for seniors 3 super foods for seniors pg picks: top nutritional products electric mobility scooters rollators (wheeled walkers) wheelchairs power wheelchairs transport chairs walkers canes walker accessories 3-wheel scooters for adults 4 wheel rollators with seats 4-wheel scooters for adults bariatric wheelchairs crutches folding scooters folding walkers lightweight rollators lightweight wheelchairs mobility equipment rollator/transport chair combo specialty walkers top mobility scooter accessories travel scooters top brand ewheels golden technologies karman medline pride mobility stander learning center pg picks: top rollators (or rolling walkers) walkers for seniors: a better way to look at this independence device pg picks: best heavy duty mobility products helping older adults with mobility problems seat lifts lift chairs bath lifts electric lifts slings stand-up lifts hydraulic lifts 3-position lift chairs zero gravity lift chairs infinite-position lift chairs golden technologies lift chairs pride lift chairs lift chair accessories patient lift accessories top brand bellavita carex golden technologies hoyer pride mobility stander products medical home supplies face masks gloves hand sanitizers portable oximeters wound care bedpans & urinals cervical collars & neck braces compression stockings/hosiery diabetic supplies disinfectant wipes and surface cleaners erection devices first aid home blood pressure monitors hot & cold pads medical garments orthopedic supplies skin pressure protection wound care top brand cardinal essential medical medline mckesson learning center articles: medical matters prepare for a medical emergency 10 ways to help parents with diabetes beating back high blood pressure with diet all plus size briefs & diapers bathroom aids plus size & tall rollators home medical items top brand attends baribrief mckesson prevail tena tranquility learning center choosing the best plus size rollators choosing the best plus size briefs choosing the best plus size wheelchairs pg picks: best bariatric mobility dry direct brand autoship pg picks learn product finder talk with caregiving expert 1-888-746-2107 free shipping on orders over $69 ( view details) parentgiving reviews testimonials from our satisfied customers! simply the best! they provide more than just products--they provide dignity for aging! they are so helpful and kind--they understand the concerns and know which products will help you the most. i've asked for advice several times and they've been superb, even sending samples to find the best products. if you haven't tried dry direct products, you're missing out on the best. patricia i've tried so many incontinence products and finally settled on parentgiving. it's the softest and most absorbent of any pullups that i've tried. delivery is always fast and their customer service is very friendly, helpful and knowledgeable. gb i would never go to another company. i think parentgiving is a superb company for senior products. i have been using them for many years and they keep improving products all the time. julia my mother is in a nursing home and it is always a struggle to find good products for her on a local level. i found this company on line and i am very pleased. their products are excellent and competitively priced. ordering is easy and they ship in a very timely manner. i highly recommend this company. clara i've been ordering from parentgiving for my mother. they are trustworthy and reliable. my orders are received very quickly. i've had to talk to customer service before because i made a mistake with the delivery address. they are very friendly and courtesy people. they corrected my mistake instantly. i will stay with parentgiving for my mother's needs. cheryl having an aging parent is a blessing, but it is so nice to have a helpful, dependable service who will take some responsibilities away from loved ones. my sister and other family members were having to monitor and purchase this product locally and, now, it is on autoship, it takes one modicum of care away from them. more time can be spent enjoying our precious mother! thank you! jenny this website is very important to me because i am a caregiver for my wife. almost every article hits home and is helpful to me. i i like the fact that i can scan all the subjects i want and skip the ones i don't have time for, or want to save for later. the information is easy to read with large precise print and does not try to cover an excessive amount of information. thank you very much for parent giving. lucia just what we needed sometime while shopping on line i hit on a website that just feels right. that's how i felt about parentgiving. my husband is diabetic, incontinent, disabled with multiple issues. everthing i needed for him i found on parentgiving. everything is high quality at very reasonable prices. i don't shop around anymore unless for some reason i can't find it here. we are both very pleased with parentgiving and will buy from them in the future. linda everything arrives usually the next day after i order and with free shipping. we've been especially impressed with the dry direct brand of incontinence overnight briefs. dad says they are very comfortable and he has had less leaks. after trying almost all the brands on the market these and 1 other brand are what we choose for overnight. happily they are more cost efficient. thank you for your prompt and outstanding service. sheryl highly recommend parentgiving i am extremely impressed with this company. the products arrived quickly, the customer service is outstanding. everyone i spoke with went out of their way to be helpful. if there were 10 stars, that would be my rating! joan parentgiving has been a great resource.... parentgiving has been a great resource for incontinence products for my mother with alzheimer's. mom wakes up dry in the morning because of the undies and boosters that really work. they have ao many products that aren't available in stores all in one place. very convenient and prices are reasonable and items ship quick. i highly recommend parentgiving. nb quality products and quick delivery. i received my packages two days after placing my order and didn't have to pay for expedited shipping. adelina customer service is great! they spent a lot of time with me on the phone and helped me choose the right products. parentgiving will be my choice from now on! george i absolutely love parentgiving! i know that whatever i need for my mom can be found here at a great price and the best quality. i recommend parentgiving to everyone that i can. mona parentgiving provides excellent service from knowageable employees! this is the best company, by far, that i deal with over the phone. i am connected to a person who knows their products, actually listens to me explain what my needs are and answers my questions. my orders are processed quickly and efficiently. i am elderly (88 this month) and do not operate computers easily.i imagine that there are many, like me, who are often overwhelmed and stressed trying to get through to some companies to straighten out problems. it is a pleasure, always, to deal with parentgiving. martha enter your email for a special discount! stay connected with parentgiving. new subscribers will save 10% on your first order!* sign up view details connect with us facebook twitter youtube 1-888-746-2107 company info about us accessibility contact us order status privacy policy return policy shipping policy parentgiving reviews services & support auto delivery program coupons faqs forgot password business to business institutional sales pay over time pgpoints program return an item guides & resources articles caregiver resources sitemap terms of use parentgiving is well-trusted & loved. copyright © copyright 2023 parentgiving, inc. all rights reserved. all content on parentgiving.com, including articles, newsletters, and news, is for information only and not intended to diagnose, treat or advise on medical, health, legal, financial or other issues. see additional information. use of this website is subject to our terms of use and privacy policy. top