来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20231210224328/https://www.parentgiving.com/pages/privacy-policy
================================================================================

privacy policy skip to content close newsletter stay connected. new subscribers will save 10% on your first order!* your email subscribe free shipping on orders over $59 subscribe & save incontinence personal care daily living safety bedroom nutrition mobility medical pg pickslearn need help? call us 1-888-746-2107 customerservice@parentgiving.com follow us facebook twitter instagram youtube back incontinence overnight usepull-up underweartape-on briefsbowel incontinencewaterproof pads & coverspads, liners & guardsdiaper disposal systemsother back personal care gloveswipes and washclothsskin carebarrier creamscleansersair freshner & odor controlfoot caredental supplies incl. oral swabs back daily living telephones for seniorsseat cushionsadaptive clothingdressing aidsarthritis aidspill organizers and cuttersdining aids back safety bathroom safetybed rails for adultsgrab bars & railscommode chairsbath & shower seatingsafety alarmspatient transfer deviceshospital & home care beds back bedroom bed rails for adultspressure relief for bedspillow & foam bed wedgeshospital beds & mattressespillowsoverbed tables and tray tableswaterproof pads & covers back nutrition nutritional supplement drinkspowders, bars & puddingspurees & food thickenersvitamins & supplementsenteral nutritionboost ensure back mobility rollatorswheelchairspower wheelchairstransport chairswalkerscaneswalker accessories back medical face masksgloveshand sanitizersportable oximeterswound care back other for women for men male guards reusable adult briefs pads & liner pads adult booster pads chux pads - disposable underpads washable & reusable underpads waterproof mattress covers incontinence accessories parentgiving clear close login / signup my account login to my account we updated our site on april 15, 2023 so your old password will not work. please visit this page to learn how to update your password. email password login new customer? create your account lost password? recover password monday—thursday: 9am to 7pm est friday: 9am to 5pm est recover password enter your email: email recover remembered your password? back to login 0 cart incontinence overnight usepull-up underweartape-on briefsbowel incontinencewaterproof pads & coverspads, liners & guardsdiaper disposal systemsother for womenfor menmale guardsreusable adult briefspads & liner padsadult booster padschux pads - disposable underpadswashable & reusable underpadswaterproof mattress coversincontinence accessoriespersonal care gloveswipes and washclothsskin carebarrier creamscleansersair freshner & odor controlfoot caredental supplies incl. oral swabsdaily living telephones for seniorsseat cushionsadaptive clothingdressing aidsarthritis aidspill organizers and cuttersdining aidssafety bathroom safetybed rails for adultsgrab bars & railscommode chairsbath & shower seatingsafety alarmspatient transfer deviceshospital & home care bedsbedroom bed rails for adultspressure relief for bedspillow & foam bed wedgeshospital beds & mattressespillowsoverbed tables and tray tableswaterproof pads & coversnutrition nutritional supplement drinkspowders, bars & puddingspurees & food thickenersvitamins & supplementsenteral nutritionboost ensuremobility rollatorswheelchairspower wheelchairstransport chairswalkerscaneswalker accessoriesmedical face masksgloveshand sanitizersportable oximeterswound carepg pickslearn use this bar to show information about your cookie policy. accept decline privacy policy last modified: 4/16/2023 introduction parentgiving inc. (“parentgiving” or ”we” or “us”) respects your privacy and is committed to protecting it through our compliance with this privacy policy. this privacy policy describes the types of information we may collect from you or that you may provide when you visit the website https://www.parentgiving.com/ (the “website”) and our practices for collecting, using, maintaining, protecting, and disclosing that information. the website is intended for use by users located in the united states only and the laws of the united states shall apply to our collection of information on the website and to parentgiving’s use of such information. if you are accessing the website from outside the united states, please be aware that the laws of the united states and other countries to which your information may be transferred may not provide a level of protection equivalent to the laws in your home country. this privacy policy applies to information we may collect: on the website. in email, text, and other electronic messages between you and us. it does not apply to information collected: on any other website operated by any third party (including our affiliates and subsidiaries), including through any application or content (including advertising) that may link to or be accessible from or on the website. please read this privacy policy carefully to understand our policies and practices regarding your information and how we will treat it. if you do not agree with our policies and practices, your choice is not to use the website. by accessing or using the website, you agree to this privacy policy. this privacy policy may change from time to time (see changes to our privacy policy). your continued use of the website after we make changes is deemed to be acceptance of those changes, so please check this privacy policy periodically for updates. children under the age of 16 the website is not intended for children under 16 years of age. no one under age 16 may provide any information to or on the website. we do not knowingly collect personal information (as defined below) from children under 16. if you are under 16, do not use or provide any personal information on the website or through any of its features, register on the website, make any purchases through the website, use any of the interactive or public comment features of the website, or provide any information about yourself to us, including your name, address, telephone number, email address, or any screen name or user name you may use. if we learn we have collected or received personal information from a child under 16 without verification of parental consent, we will delete such personal information. if you believe we might have any personal information from or about a child under 16, please contact us at problems@parentgiving.com. information we collect about you and how we collect it we collect several types of information from and about users of the website, including information: by which you may be personally identified, such as name, postal address, e-mail address, telephone number, internet protocol address, payment information, and your purchase history (“personal information”); that is about you but does not individually identify you (unless you provide us information on your identity), such as your location or such other information you provide to us when you use the interactive features on the website (e.g., live chat); and/or about the names of the pages you accessed, the browser and the operating system you used, the date and time of access, search engines you used, the equipment you used to access the website and usage details such as traffic data, logs and other communication data and resources accessed or used on the website. we collect this information: directly from you when you provide it to us (see below for more information); automatically as you navigate through the website (see below for more information); from third parties, for example, advertising networks and data analytics providers such as google and facebook. information you provide to usthe information we collect on or through the website may include: information that you provide when you fill out forms, register or purchase products on the website, use interactive features on the website such as the live chat, enter into a contest or promotion sponsored by parentgiving, or report a problem with the website. records and copies of your correspondence (including email addresses), if you contact us. your responses to surveys that we might ask you to complete for research purposes. details of transactions you carry out through the website and of the fulfillment of your orders. you may be required to provide financial information before placing an order through the website. your contributions posted on the website (including but not limited to reviews, testimonials and comments) and such other information as may be covered by the definition of “user contributions” in our terms of use. information we collect through automatic data collection technologies as you navigate through and interact with the website, we may use automatic data collection technologies to collect certain information, including but not limited to: details of your visits to the website, such as traffic data, logs, and other communication data and the resources that you accessed and used on the website; and information about your computer and internet connection, such as the names of the pages you accessed, browser and operating system you used, the date and time of access, and search engines you used. the information we collect automatically does not include personal information, but we may maintain it or associate it with personal information we collect in other ways or receive from you or third parties. such information helps us to improve the website and to deliver a better and more personalized service, including by enabling us to: estimate our audience size and usage patterns; store information about your preferences, allowing us to customize the website according to your individual interests; speed up your searches; and recognize you when you return to the website. the technologies we use for this automatic data collection may include: cookies (or browser cookies). a cookie is a small file placed on the hard drive of your computer. our cookies help provide additional functionality to the website and help us analyze the website usage more accurately. you may refuse to accept browser cookies by activating the appropriate setting on your browser. however, if you select this setting you may be unable to access certain parts of the website. unless you have adjusted your browser setting so that it will refuse cookies, our system will issue cookies when you direct your browser to the website. web beacons. pages of the website may contain small electronic files known as web beacons (also referred to as clear gifs, pixel tags, and single-pixel gifs) that permit parentgiving, for example, to count users who have visited certain and to measure other related website statistics (for example, recording the popularity of certain website content and verifying system and server integrity). google analytics we use a tool called “google analytics” to monitor performance of the website and collect information on your use of the website. you can learn more about how google analytics processes information here: https://support.google.com/analytics/answer/6004245?hl=en; and how to opt out of being tracked by google analytics by following the instructions found here https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout. do not track some internet browsers may be configured to send “do not track” signals to the online services that you visit. we currently do not respond to “do not track” or similar signals. to find out more about “do not track”, please visit http://www.allaboutdnt.com. third-party use of cookies and other tracking technologies some content on the website, including advertisements, is served by third parties, including advertisers, ad networks and servers, and content providers. these third parties may use cookies alone or in conjunction with web beacons or other tracking technologies to collect information about you when you use the website. the information they collect may be associated with your personal information or they may collect information, including personal information, about your online activities over time and across different websites and other online services. they may use this information to provide you with interest-based (behavioral) advertising or other targeted content. we do not control these third parties’ tracking technologies or how they may be used. if you have any questions about an advertisement or other targeted content, you should contact the responsible provider directly. for information about how you can opt out of receiving targeted advertising from many providers, see choices about how we use and disclose your information. how we use your information we use information that we collect about you or that you provide to us, including any personal information: to present the website and its contents and interactive features to you; to provide you with information or products that you request from us; to fulfill or meet the reason you provided the information. for example, if you share personal information to request a price quote or ask a question about our products, we will use such personal information to respond to your inquiry. if you provide your personal information to purchase a product or service, we will use such personal information to process your payment and facilitate delivery. we may also save your information to facilitate new product orders or process returns. to provide, support, personalize, and develop the website, products, and services. to create, maintain, customize, and secure your account with us. to process your requests, purchases, transactions, and payments and prevent transactional fraud. to provide you with support and to respond to your inquiries, including to investigate and address your concerns and monitor and improve our responses. to personalize your experience with the website and to deliver content and product and service offerings relevant to your interests, including offers and ads through the website, third-party sites, and via email or text message (with your consent, where required by law). to help maintain the safety, security, and integrity of the website, products, databases and other technology assets, and business. for testing, research, analysis, and product development, including to develop and improve the website and products. to respond to law enforcement requests and as required by applicable law, court order, or governmental regulations. as described to you when collecting your personal information or as otherwise set forth under the applicable law. to evaluate or conduct a merger, divestiture, restructuring, reorganization, dissolution, or other sale or transfer of some or all of our assets, whether as a going concern or as part of bankruptcy, liquidation, or similar proceeding, in which personal information held by us about the website users is among the assets transferred. to notify you about changes to the website or any products we offer or provide though it. in any other way we may describe when you provide the information. for any other purpose with your consent. disclosure of your information we may disclose aggregated information about our users without restriction. we may disclose personal information that we collect or that you provide as described in this privacy policy: to our subsidiaries and affiliates; to contractors, service providers (such as mailing, database and hosting service providers, payment processors), advertising networks (such as google and facebook to build “lookalike” audiences for us), data analytics providers[, social networks, and other third parties we use to support our business and who are bound by contractual obligations to keep personal information confidential and use it only for the purposes for which we disclose it to them; to manufacturers and distribution partners for the purpose of order fulfillment[ and who are bound by contractual obligations to keep personal information confidential and use it only for the purposes for which we disclose it to them; to a buyer or other successor in the event of a merger, divestiture, restructuring, reorganization, dissolution, or other sale or transfer of some or all of parentgiving's assets, whether as a going concern or as part of bankruptcy, liquidation, or similar proceeding, in which personal information held by parentgiving about the website users is among the assets transferred; to comply with any court order, law, or legal process, including to respond to any government or regulatory request, or enforce our rights under this privacy policy, terms of use our general terms of sale and other agreements between you and parentgiving; if we believe disclosure is necessary or appropriate to protect the rights, property, or safety of parentgiving, our customers, or others. this includes exchanging information with other companies and organizations for the purposes of fraud protection and credit risk reduction; to fulfill the purpose for which you provide it; and with your consent. choices about how we use and disclose your information we strive to provide you with choices regarding the personal information you provide to us. we have created mechanisms to provide you with the following control over your information: tracking technologies and advertising. you can set your browser to refuse all or some browser cookies, or to alert you when cookies are being sent. to learn how you can manage your flash cookie settings, visit the flash player settings page on adobe's website. if you disable or refuse cookies, please note that some parts of this site may then be inaccessible or not function properly. promotional offers from parentgiving. if you do not wish to have your email address/contact information used by parentgiving to promote our products, do not check the relevant box located on the form on which we collect your data, such as on the checkout page or registration form. you can also log into your account on the website and adjust your user preferences in your account profile at any time, or send us an email stating your request to opt-out@parentgiving.com. if we have sent you a promotional email, you may send us a return email asking to be omitted from future email distributions. this opt out does not apply to information provided to parentgiving as a result of a product purchase, warranty registration, product service experience or other transactions. we do not control third parties' collection or use of your information to serve interest-based advertising. however these third parties may provide you with ways to choose not to have your information collected or used in this way. you can opt out of receiving targeted ads from members of the network advertising initiative (“nai”) on the nai's website. california residents may have additional rights and choices. please see your california privacy rights for more information. nevada residents who wish to exercise their sale opt-out rights under nevada revised statutes chapter 603a may submit a request to this designated address: privacy@parentgiving.com. however, please note that we do not currently sell data triggering that statute's opt-out requirements. accessing and correcting your information you can review and change your personal information by logging into the website and visiting your account profile page. you may also send us an email at privacy@parentgiving.com to request access to, correct or delete any personal information that you have provided to us. we cannot delete your personal information except by also deleting your user account. we may refuse your request to the extent permitted by applicable law. in particular, we may not accommodate a request to change your personal information if we believe the change would violate any law or legal requirement or cause the information to be incorrect. california residents may have additional personal information rights and choices. please see your california privacy rights for more information. user contributions your user contributions may be published or displayed on public areas of the website, accessible or transmitted to other users of the website or third parties. please be aware that no security measures are perfect or impenetrable. we cannot control the actions of users of the website who have access to your user contributions. if your user contributions are deleted from the website, copies of your user contributions may remain viewable in cached and archived pages, or might have been copied or stored by other website users. proper access and use of information provided on the website, including user contributions, is governed by our terms of use. your california privacy rights if you are a california resident, california law may provide you with additional rights regarding our use of your personal information. to learn more about your california privacy rights, click here. data security we have implemented measures designed to secure your personal information from accidental loss and from unauthorized access, use, alteration, and disclosure. all information you provide to us is stored on our secure servers behind firewalls. any payment transactions will be encrypted using ssl technology. the safety and security of your information also depends on you. where you have chosen a password for access to certain parts of the website, you are responsible for keeping this password confidential. we ask you not to share your password with anyone. unfortunately, the transmission of information via the internet is not completely secure. although we do our best to protect your personal information, we cannot guarantee the security of your personal information transmitted to the website. any transmission of personal information is at your own risk. we are not responsible for the circumvention of any privacy settings or security measures contained on the website. links to third party sites the website may from time to time contain links to and from the websites of our partner networks, advertisers, affiliates or social media sites. if you follow a link to any of these websites, please note that these websites have their own privacy policies and that we are not responsible or liable for these policies. please check these policies before you submit any information on these websites. messaging privacy policythis messaging program privacy policy explains how parent giving collects and uses information about you in relation to its text message marketing program (the “messaging service”). we use attentive to provide the messaging service to you. for the purposes of the messaging service, attentive acts as our service provider and data processor of your information.collection of information (messaging)we collect various information on our behalf from and about you, including information you directly provide when you use the messaging service. for example, we collect the phone number and email address you provided when signing up for the messaging service. when you send messages via the messaging service, we will also collect your messaging history and any information included in those messages.we may also collect information about you using cookies or similar technologies. cookies are pieces of information that are stored by your browser on the hard drive or memory of your device. cookies enable personalization of your experience on the messaging service (e.g., sending you personalized text messages such as shopping cart reminders).if you participate in a contest, sweepstakes, research study, or email survey associated with the messaging service, we will collect basic contact information and any other information you choose to provide in connection with these activities. we will also collect your contact information if you contact us with questions about the messaging service or for customer service. use of information (messaging)we use your information to deliver, analyze, maintain and support the messaging service. we may also use your information to enhance the messaging service features and customize and personalize your experiences on the messaging service.sharing of information (messaging)we may share, transfer, or disclose your information, if you consent to us doing so, as well as in the following circumstances:service providers. we may share your information with third parties to help us provide the messaging service to you.legal requirement and protection of attentive and others. we may disclose your information as we believe such disclosure is necessary or appropriate to: (i) comply with applicable law and legal processes; (ii) respond to requests from public and government authorities, including public and government authorities outside your country of residence; (iii) enforce a contract with us; (iv) protect our rights, privacy, safety, or property, and/or that of our affiliates, you or others; and (v) allow us to pursue available remedies or limit the damages that we may sustain.from time to time, we may share aggregate or de-identified information about use of the messaging service and such aggregated or de-identified information may be shared with any third party, including advertisers, promotional partners, and sponsors.protection of information (messaging)we take a variety of physical, technical, administrative, and organizational security measures based on the sensitivity of the information we collect to protect your information against accidental or unlawful destruction or accidental loss, alteration, unauthorized disclosure or access. unfortunately, no online activity can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. while we strive to protect your information against unauthorized use or disclosure, we cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information you provide. we do not accept liability for unintentional disclosure.retention of information (messaging)we retain your information for as long as you participate in the messaging service or as needed to comply with applicable legal obligations. we will also retain and use your information as necessary to resolve disputes, protect us and our customers, and enforce our agreements.choices and controls (messaging)consent to receive automated marketing text messages is not a condition of any purchase. you can opt-out of receiving further commercial text messages via the messaging service by responding to any of our text messages with any of the following replies: stop, end, cancel, unsubscribe, or quit. for additional opt-out information, please review our terms.customer care (messaging)if you are experiencing any problems with the messaging service, please visit https://support.attentivemobile.com/help/ and submit the form with details about your problem or your request for support, or email support@attentivemobile.com.by signing up to receive text messages from us, you also agree to our main privacy policy. tell a friend if you choose to use our referral service to tell a friend about an article on the website, we will ask you for both your email address and your friend’s email address. parentgiving will only use such email address for the sole purpose of sending your friend a one-time email inviting him or her to visit the website. your friend may contact us at service@parentgiving.com to request that we remove this information from our database. changes to our privacy policy we reserve the right to amend this privacy policy at our discretion at any time. when we make changes to this privacy policy, we will post the updated policy on the website and update the date of this privacy policy’s last revision at the top of the page. your continued use of the website following the posting of changes constitutes your acceptance of such changes. if we make material changes to how we treat our users' personal information, we will notify you by email to the email address specified in your account or through a general notice on the website home page. you are responsible for ensuring we have an up-to-date active and deliverable email address for you, and for periodically visiting the website and this privacy policy to check for any changes. contact information to ask questions or comment about this privacy policy and our privacy practices, contact us at:mailing address: parentgiving inc., p.o. box 43079, upper montclair, nj 07043phone: (888) 746-2107email address: privacy@parentgiving.com newsletter stay connected. new subscribers will save 10% onyour first order!* your email subscribe about parentgiving are you a senior or caregiver looking for premium home care products? parentgiving is your one-stop resource for all kinds of products for seniors living at home. in our catalog, we're proud to offer the top brands in adult diapers, incontinence supplies, nutrition supplies, mobility solutions and aging-in-place products for seniors, caregivers and facilities. company info about us accessibility contact us privacy policy return policy shipping policy parentgiving reviews applying rewards 888-746-2107 customerservice@parentgiving.com monday—thursday: 9am to 7pm est friday: 9am to 5pm est services & support auto delivery program institutional sales faqs business to business articles caregiver resources terms of use parentgiving rewards refer a friend coupons reviews © 2023 parentgiving follow us we accept amazon american express apple pay diners club discover google pay mastercard paypal shop pay venmo visa © 2023 parentgiving opens in a new window. x limited time 50% off use coupon mismatch50 to receive 50% off the dry direct super briefs in xl that is in the maxi brief packaging.shop now*this coupon cannot be combined with other offers or used on subscription orders. this offer is available for shipments to me, ri, nh, ct, nj, ny, pa, de, va, md, vt and dc only. offer ends when these incorrect packaged products sell out.