来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20091227082054/http://www.heartratemonitorsusa.com/customer-service.html
================================================================================

customer service for hrm usa free shipping included with each of our products. open 24 hours a day, 7 days a week. 1.800.403.8285 1.215.259.2700 order status view cart gift certificates returns - exchanges shipping customer service shipping information payment options price matching returns exchanges security policies all services contact us search our site return policyclick here return back to home page sign up for our email newsletter for email marketing you can trust expand all | collapse all home + heart rate monitors view all heart rate monitors + by activity for running for cycling for basic fitness for outdoor sports for cardio rehab + by manufacturer polar sportline suunto bowflex mio reebok acumen omron garmin cardiosport oregon scientific sports instruments pro-form new balance + by type strapless monitors pedometer watches + by accessories view all hr accessories replacement chest transmitters replacement elastic straps speed sensors cadence sensors power output systems bike mounts data transfer devices wrist strap replacements conductivity gels heart bras + pedometers view all pedometers + by price inexpensive give-aways medium price range high end + type of use for trade show give-aways for school programs for wellness programs + by features counts steps only multiple functions + by manufacturer omron accusplit sportline oregon scientific freestyle acumen high gear polar new balance hrm usa line + by accessories safety leashes other + hydration systems view all hydration + by activity for cycling for running for snow sports for outdoor sports for military + by gender for women for children + by accessories water bottles water bottle parts & accessories replacement reservoirs cleaning kits replacement tubes/extension tubes all hydration accessories + exercise - fitness equipment view all exercise - fitness jump ropes push ups - pull ups slimming apparel + by gender for men for women + blood pressure systems view all blood pressure automatic devices manual devices + by manufacturer omron lifesource oregon scientific + replacement parts cuffs and thermal paper refills + body measures and scales view all scales and measures scales for babies scales-floor type scales-column type scales for obese patients scales for wheelchairs scales for beds scales-other types scale accessories measures for babies measures for the body measures-height measures of body fat + by manufacturer seca accufitness sequoia fitness lifesource omron oregon scientific + body temperature devices view all body temperature + by type ear thermometer body thermometer replacement parts + weather systems view all weather + by type professional weather stations emergency alert systems forecasters rain gauges temperature devices sensors accessories replacement parts + timing devices view all timing + by type clocks with weather stations stopwatches + breathing aids view all breathing + by manufacturer power lung bactrack alcohol breathalyzer by accessories + gps systems view all gps systems + by manufacturer polar gps garmin gps spot + digital recording view all recording + by type video memory cards + publications view all publications + by activity books on heart rate and walking books for outdoor sports schools - educators ordering information: order options payment options sale tax info frequently asked questions click here price matching: get the lowest price possible click here shipping information: shipping options shipping times holiday info if applicable click here exchanging products: procedures timeline click here returns: procedures timelines click here security & privacy: policies click here contact us: address phone number fax number email address click here back to top ordering information: how do i order? various options are available: 1. order online using our secure internet server or 2. call us at 1-800-403-8285 or 1-215-259-2702 or 3. fax your purchase orders to 1-215-259-2706 payment options there are four online payment options: 1. pay with a credit card online or by phone. we accept visa, mastercard, discover and american express. 2. pay with a paypal account to sales@hrmusainc.com 3. mail your order to us and include a check or money order payment. checks may have a slight verification delay before shipping. 4. schools and corporations may fax a purchase order to us at 215-259-2706. subject to credit approval and may have shipping delays for approval process. sales tax? we will collect 6% sales tax from all pa (pennsylvania) residents. there is no sales tax collected from any other state. changing or canceling an order once you have hit the "order" button if you haven't hit the 'order' button, you can easily make changes in the shopping cart. you cannot amend your order online once it has been placed. you can email us or call to request an order change but we cannot confirm changes as we use an automated order system. if your order has already shipped, which can happen within five minutes of ordering at peak times, it is not possible to change or amend your order (see the exchange area below). ordering a product as a gift state your request for "no receipt" in package, or any other special instructions, or message to recipient in the "comment" area when purchasing online. out of stock items 99% of our items are in stock at all times. very rarely increased demand will facilitate a backorder of an item. in the event of a backorder on an item you have ordered it will be handled according to these specifications. if we expect the item will arrive in our facility to make it in time to fulfill your order according to the expected delivery schedule we will upgrade your shipping at our expense to be certain the item still arrives to you in the expected time frame. we may also drop ship from the manufacturer and upgrade your shipping at our expense to be certain the item will arrive to you in the expected time frame. as a last resort we will contact you to let you know the item will be unavailable and the expected date of arrival. continuing with the order at that point would be the customer's option. billing address verification we use an address verification system for all online orders. we may require additional information from you if your bank does not support electronic address verification or we may not be able to accept your card. your order may be held for adrress verifcation if incorrect information is provided or if we are unable to verify your billing address. payments and collections purchase order payments are due upon receipt. payments over 30 days are subject to finance charges of 1.5% per month. orders over 90 days past due will be sent to our collection agency. bounced checks or chargeback of funds to credit cards are subject to a $35.00 fee plus any collection costs incurred. non-payments sent to our collection agency are subject to additional finance charges imposed by the 3rd party agency. what happens if i haven't received my product? see our shipping schedule for when to expect your package. if you are outside the expected time frame of one week for priority mail, or ups shipments and ten days for standard mail shipments please read: we use both usps and ups and full insurance for all shipments. they offer great services 99.9% of the time but occasionally a package will get misdelivered, lost, or even stolen. mail fraud is considered a federal crime so fortunately packages typically end up in our hands or yours even when they take a little "vacation". our insurance coverage on all items specifies a signed statement is necessary from the receipient if a package does not arrive. the statement must have 1 the shipping address 2 the name 3 the telephone number 4 the signature 5 the fact that you never received your package from us. once we receive your statement (which can be mailed or faxed) we will immediately reship and file an insurance claim. the insurance company may need to contact you for additional information. it is very important that if the lost item does arrive to you after we have reshipped it be returned to sender so that we can cancel the claim. shipping most orders ship the same day if ordered by 6pm est. purchase orders and phone orders may take a few additional days to process. back to top price matching: we guarantee to have the lowest price available on items we sell. should you find a website offering the same exact product for a lower price - we will make every attempt to beat the price! please feel free to email a request to sales@hrmusainc.com or call us at 1-800-403-8285. for email and phone requests please include a copy of the web address and the product you are interested in. we reserve the right to limit quantities on any item. prior purchases are not valid for this offer. this policy is only valid for phone or email orders with no other discounts, promotions or gift selections applicable. free shipping is considered a discount and will be calculated into the total. back to top shipping: are there additional shipping costs for my order? free shipping is included with all our products. if the product's value is below $5.00, a surcharge will be applied to bring the price up to $5.00. for all orders shipped in the us, to a residential, business or p.o. box or to an apo address, we offer standard shipping at no additional cost. this is usually ups for heart rate monitors and usps for pedometers and various accessories. our standard shipping varies per product and is listed on the individual product page. if a monitor specifies "free overnight shipping or free second day shipping" in the description it is not necessary to add it to your cart. you should continue to select standard shipping as an option. shipping times most orders ship the same day if ordered by 3pm est. purchase orders and phone orders may take a few additional days to process. free shipping threshold on average, most purchases arrive within 5 business days from receipt of your order, unless offered with free expedited shipping. to receive free shipping 1. buy required threshold of products. 2. when you are finished shopping, click the "checkout" button. 3. ship these items to a single address. 4. select standard shipping. 5. enjoy free shipping on items shipped to that address. standard shipping options for pedometers, calipers, pulse meters and other accessories listed with 1-10 day service: most items normally ship usps first class mail. it takes approximately 1-10 days to arrive from the ship date. for all heart rate monitors weather stations and camelback bags with 1-5 day, 2 day or overnight service: most items ship via ups ground or priority mail service, unless otherwise stated on the product page. ups ground and priority mail delivery take approximately 1-5 business days to most us locations. if the monitor specifies overnight or 2 day air shipping as a gift option, you do not need to add additional shipping charges to cart, it will ship as specified if standard shipping is selected. our standard shipping usually arrives very quickly, but if you need to upgrade you can do so during checkout using the dropdown menu on the shipping/billing page. upgraded shipping options ups 2nd. day air - 2 business days with delivery monday through friday. ups overnight - one business day to arrive with delivery monday through friday.ups overnight morning - one business day with delivery monday through friday usually by 12.00 pmups overnight with saturday delivery - one business day to arrive with delivery on saturday. please note if an address is unsuitable for ups or postal shipments with a secondary address or comment provided in the notes section with your payment. we can not possibly know if the postal service or ups will not deliver to an address, it is the customers responsibility to notify us of that with their payment and delivery information. please check the address you provided carefullly address corrections that are made during shipment and while in transit or after delivery to a wrong address are an expense to the customer and we will charge customer as we incur charges from our shippers for this service. incorrect addresses provided or if a customer requests to reroute a package, ups will charge a $15.00 address correction fee. the customer will be responsible for this expense. if an incorrect address is provided for our standard shipments the customer is responsible for the costs associated with reshipping the product. refused or undeliverable shipments will be assessed shipping/handling or reshipping fees. customer testimonial: dear sir/madam, i wanted to say "thank you" to this company. as i was searching for a replacement part for a camelbak water bottle i came across your website. the price was reasonable, but what won me over was that this company offers free shipping to apo address. i cannot fully express to you how nice it is to not only find a company that will ship to apo addresses, but to also find one that offers free shipping is unbelievable! it makes life a little easier for us overseas when businesses like this are considerate. i'll be passing the word on to my friends that live overseas with me. thank you! sincerely, c. farrer back to top exchanging a product: defective items defective items must be reported within 3 business days of receipt to have a prepaid label for exchange of an identical item generated. if you have received a faulty item and need to exchange it for an identical item, please email us at sales@hrmusainc.com to request a prepaid label for exchange. we do not offer upgraded shipping on defective items. exchanging an item for a different product click here for exchange/return form. to return your original purchase for refund less shipping charges and place another order for the item you wish to purchase. you do not have to wait for us to receive the original item before placing the new order. please note on the return form that you have reordered with us. click here to view shipping charges and information. back to top returning a product: hrm usa, inc 1-800-403-8285 holiday shipping order by 6 p.m. (eastern standard time) monday through friday and your product will ship the same day, with the exception of 12/24/2009 - order by 3 p.m. est 12/31/09 - order by 12 p.m est free shipping included. for over 10 years we have been servicing our customer's holiday needs. below are some important notes about our holiday shipping and returns. extended holiday return period normal returns, or exchanges need to be done within 30 days of purchase. if your order was placed between october 6, 2009 to december 9, 2009, you have until january 10, 2010 to return your product. please review our policies and fill out a return form - click here. guaranteed holiday delivery orders advertised with free 2 day air, please order by 7pm est on december 22nd 2009 to guarantee ups christmas delivery. orders advertised with free overnight shipping, please order by 7pm est on december 23rd 2009 to guarantee ups christmas delivery. we guarantee all orders placed before december 11th 2009, via any shipping method, will arrive by december 24th 2009. if your order is shipping via ground service, you may want to consider 2 day or overnight delivery options during this busy time. happy holidays! policy our standard return policy accepts returns within 30 days from the date of delivery less applicable fees. click here for . you may return new, unopened items within 30 days of receipt for a refund or exchange. you should expect to receive your refund within 3- 4 weeks of our receipt of the item. items that are returned more than 30 days after delivery are not eligible for refund or exchange. items that are returned for refund (not exchanged for like-valued items) and have been opened or used are subject to a 15% restocking fee, plus shipping charges. click here to view shipping charges and information items that are not returnable we do not accept returns of the following items: 1. powerlung breathing devices2. expand-a-lung 3. body fat calipers 4. electrode cream 5. camelback hydration systems that have had the bladder filled or bite valve seal broken 6. heart bras that have been worn, or tags removed 7. bactrack breathalyzer 8. products that have been printed with a custom logo 9. heart rate monitor transmitters/straps 10. gift certificates back to top security & privacy: security state-of-the-art online payment gateways enable us to process transactions securely over the internet. our main area of user information collection is during the check out process of our online store. heartratemonitorsusa.com utilizes the services of a third party vendor, linkpointcart, for our credit card processing. all online store check out processes are conducted from secure pages served by linkpointcart servers and branded with the heartratemonitorsusa.com logo. personal information transmitted to linkpointcart servers as part of the check out process is via secure socket layers meaning that it is encrypted during transmission and is secure and linkpointcart uses the hacker safe technology. privacy policy we know that your privacy is very important to you. that's why protecting any personal information, such as your name, address, email address or phone number that you provide us is of the utmost importance to hrm usa inc. and its websites. as a result, we have prepared this privacy and security statement to let you know about the manner in which we collect, use, disclose and otherwise manage the personal information you entrust to us. when you provide personal information at our websites, we may use your information, or you may be asked for personal information when the following information is requested.: purchase, order, return, exchange or request certain information about our products and services; request a quote from our volume dept. request warranty information. contact a call center or customer service desk; register with our sites for promotions or special offers; provide us with comments or suggestions or product reviews. provide shipping/tracking information hrm usa does not sell any of your personal information to 3rd parties. the information we collect and how we use it (orders). we collect personal information from you if you purchase a product from hrmusa inc. the information collected includes your name, e-mail address, phone number, address and credit card number (for purchases). this information is used for order fufillment and to email you any specials from hrmusa inc. only. we will not share or sell any of your personal information gathered during the order taking process. how do we use the information we gather and track? the personal information we gather is used only for processing orders and special updates. when you order a product from our e-store online or by phone, we may need to email you or call you to request follow-up information or obtain new information if the processor does not allow us to process the order as is or there is something that needs to be resolved with your order. cookies linkpointcart, our online processor, does use cookies—but not in any way that would compromise a participant's privacy. we do not gather cookie information for marketing purposes; we do not trace your browsing habits; and we do not (and could not) use cookies to collect any personal information about you. cookies are not used as you browse our web site. instead, an ip address is referenced only to process an order. the use of the hrm usa inc websites (heartratemonitorsusa.com, targetzone.net, and pedometersusa.com) and the sale of products and services offered on these websites are governed by the terms and conditions set forth below and all other disclaimers, guidelines, policies and terms and conditions of sale appearing on these websites under customer service (collectively, the "terms and conditions"). your use of this website in any manner, whether browsing, activating an account with us or making a purchase, constitutes your acknowledgement that you have read the terms and conditions and that you agree to follow and be bound by them. hrm usa inc reserves the right to modify or change the terms and conditions at any time without prior notice to you. therefore, hrm usa inc recommends that you please read them carefully each time you use this website. back to top contact information: location hrm usa 1039 pulinski road warminster, pa 18974-1515 normal business hours monday through friday 8am est to 4 pm est we welcome walk-in's from the philadelphia/bucks county and surrounding areas. if you are driving out to see us please call to confirm availability of any products you may be interested in as our product stock changes frequently. phone numbers 1-800-403-8285 1-215-259-2700 fax number 1-215-259-2706 email sales@hrmusainc.com popular searches @1998-2009 heartratemonitorsusa.com and pedometersusa.com all rights reserved - it is our policy to display truthful and accurate information and pricing. in event of error in text or image, we will make every reasonable effort to accommodate our customers. hrm usa inc. 1039 pulinski road warminster, pa 18974 1-800-403-8285 1-215-259-2706 fax