来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20101231152745/http://www.dell.com/content/topics/global.aspx/policy/en/policy?c=us&l=en&s=gen&~section=012
================================================================================

dell terms of sale, license agreements & policies | dell choose a country/region      english buy online or call 1-800-www-dell forhome for small andmedium business for publicsector for largeenterprise search dell|about dell best-selling systemslaptops & minisdesktops & all-in-oneshdtvs & home theaterelectronics, software, printers & inkalienwaremobile phones & tabletsemployee & student purchase programpc services, setup, & securitytechnical support & drivers my account  |  premier login  |  technical support  |  order support forhomebest-selling systemslaptops & minisdesktops & all-in-oneshdtvs & home theaterelectronics, software, printers & inkalienwaremobile phones & tabletsemployee & student purchase programpc services, setup, & securitytechnical support & driversfor small andmedium businesssmall business dealslaptops, netbooks & tabletsdesktops & workstationsservers, storage & networkingprinters, ink & tonerelectronics, software & accessoriesmobile phones & devices servicessolutionssupport & drivers for publicsectorstate & local governmentfederal governmentk-12 educationhigher educationhealthcare & life sciencesemployee purchasessupport & driversfor largeenterpriseservicessolutionslaptops & tabletsdesktops & workstationsservers, storage, networking & managementblade serverssoftware & peripheralssupport & driversappliances & oem capabilities dell terms of sale, license agreements & policies terms of saleterms and conditions of saleview service contractswarrantiesreturn policylicense agreementsdell software license agreementdell services license agreement & acceptable use policy (aup)privacyabout our adsmailing list removalcookies and web beaconsprivacy policysecuritylegalsite termscopyrightlegal noticespiracy statementusability/accessibility at dellother policiesglobal social media policyencryption terms and conditions of sale purchases of dell products and services are governed by one of the following terms and conditions. please review carefully.u.s.consumer terms of sale-direct this agreement applies to purchases by consumer customers over the internet, by phone or in a dell direct store.commercial terms of sale this agreement applies to purchases by commercial customers (including small, medium and large business and government and public sector customers).retail purchaser end-user agreement this agreement applies to purchases from retail sellers.reseller terms of sale this agreement applies to all purchases of products, software and services that the buyer (persons or entities) intends to resell to others.u.s. consumer terms of sale - direct (applies to all direct purchases-by internet, phone, or dell direct store)please read this document carefully! it contains very important information about your rights and obligations, as well as limitations and exclusions that may apply to you. this document contains a binding arbitration clause. note: these u.s. consumer terms of sale apply to direct purchases made from dell by phone, the internet, or the dell direct store.these terms and conditions ("agreement") apply to your purchase of products and/or services and support ("product") sold in the united states by dell, including its affiliates or subsidiaries. by placing your order for product, you accept and are bound to the terms and conditions of this agreement. if you have placed an order but do not wish to be subject to these terms and conditions, you must promptly cancel your order before it enters production and becomes non-cancellable. see: www.dell.com/ordersupport . if you return your purchase within 21 days of the invoice date, we'll refund your purchase price minus shipping, handling, and up to a 15% restocking fee. you may also be responsible for the cost of the return shipping back to dell. see: www.dell.com/returnpolicy . this agreement shall apply unless (i) you have a separate purchase agreement with dell, in which case the separate agreement shall govern; or (ii) other dell terms and conditions apply to the transaction. other documents.  this agreement may not be altered, supplemented, or amended by the use of any other document(s) unless otherwise agreed to in a written agreement signed by both you and dell. if you do not receive an invoice or acknowledgement in the mail, via e-mail, or with your product, information about your purchase may be obtained at https://support.dell.com/dellcare/invoice.aspx or or by contacting your sales representative. payment terms; orders; quotes; interest.  terms of payment are within dell's sole discretion, and unless otherwise agreed to by dell, payment must be received by dell prior to dell's acceptance of an order. payment for the products will be made by credit card, wire transfer, or some other prearranged payment method unless credit terms have been agreed to by dell. invoices are due and payable within the time period noted on your invoice, measured from the date of the invoice. dell may invoice parts of an order separately. your order is subject to cancellation by dell, in dell's sole discretion. unless you and dell have agreed to a different discount, dell's standard pricing policy for dell-branded systems, which include both hardware and services in one discounted price, allocates the discount off list price applicable to the service portion of the system to be equal to the overall calculated percentage discount off list price on the entire system. dell is not responsible for pricing, typographical, or other errors in any offer by dell and reserves the right to cancel any orders arising from such errors. invoices must be paid within 30 days of the invoice date. shipping charges; taxes; title; risk of loss.  shipping, handling and tax are additional unless otherwise expressly indicated at the time of sale. title to products passes from dell to customer upon shipment to customer. loss or damage that occurs during shipping by a carrier selected by dell is dell's responsibility. loss or damage that occurs during shipping by a carrier selected by you is your responsibility. you must notify dell within 21 days of the date of your invoice or acknowledgement if you believe any part of your purchase is missing, wrong or damaged. unless you provide dell with a valid and correct tax exemption certificate applicable to your purchase of product and the product ship-to location, you are responsible for sales and other taxes associated with the order. shipping and delivery dates are estimates only. warranties.  the limited warranties applicable to dell-branded hardware product can be found at www.dell.com/warranty or in the documentation dell provides with dell-branded product. dell makes no other warranties for dell-branded product, and makes no warranties whatsoever for service, software, maintenance or support or for non-dell branded product. such product, software, service, maintenance or support is provided by dell "as is" and any third-party warranties, products, software, services, maintenance or support are provided by the original manufacturer or supplier, not by dell. some states do not allow limitations of implied warranties, so these limitations may not apply to you. dell makes no express warranties except those stated in dell's applicable dell-branded warranty in effect on the date of the invoice, packing slip or acknowledgement. dell-branded warranties and services are effective on payment in full, and dell is not obligated to honor any warranty or provide service until dell receives payment in full. dell may request cancellation of third-party-branded software licenses, services, maintenance or support if dell does not receive payment. if you purchase third-party-branded product, services, maintenance, or support, additional third-party terms and conditions may apply. software.  software is subject to the separate software license agreement accompanying or made available to you in connection with the software, with respect to software made available to you by dell in connection with services, if no license terms accompany the software, then subject to your compliance with the terms set forth in this agreement, dell hereby grants you a personal, non-exclusive license to access and use such software only during the term of the services and solely as necessary for you to enjoy the benefit of the services as stated in the applicable service contract(s). a portion of the software may contain or consist of open source software, which you may use under the terms and conditions of the specific license under which the open source software is distributed. you agree that you will be bound by any and all such license agreements. title to software remains with the applicable licensor(s). return policies; exchanges.  dell's return policy can be found at www.dell.com/returnpolicy and you agree to those terms. note that under the terms of the return policy, not all product may be returned. you must contact us directly before you attempt to return qualifying product to obtain a return material authorization number for you to include with your return. you must return qualifying product to us in its original or equivalent packaging. you are responsible for risk of loss, shipping and handling fees for returning or exchanging product. additional fees, including up to a 15% restocking fee, may apply. if you fail to follow the return or exchange instructions and policies provided by dell, dell is not responsible for product that is lost, damaged, modified or otherwise processed for disposal or resale. at dell's discretion, credit for partial returns may be less than invoice or individual component prices due to bundled or promotional pricing. changed or discontinued product.  dell's policy is one of ongoing update and revision. dell may revise and discontinue product at any time without notice to you and this may affect information saved in your online "cart." dell will ship product that has the functionality and performance of the product ordered, but changes between what is shipped and what is described in a specification sheet or catalog are possible. service and support.  service offerings may vary. in addition to these terms and conditions, dell and/or your third-party service provider may provide such service and support to you in accordance with term and conditions of dell service descriptions located at www.dell.com/servicecontracts or as otherwise delivered to you. dell and/or your third-party service provider may in their discretion revise their general and optional service and support programs and the terms and conditions that govern them without prior notice to you.your purchase of services is pursuant to this agreement and the terms and conditions of dell service descriptions, if applicable, published online at the time of your purchase. dell has no obligation to provide service or support until dell has received full payment for the product or service/support contract you purchased. dell is not obligated to provide third-party branded service or support, or service or support for any products or services that you purchased through a third-party and not dell. it is your responsibility to backup all existing data, software, and programs before receiving services or support (including telephone support). dell and/or your third-party service provider will have no liability for loss or recovery of data, programs or loss of use of system(s) arising out of the services or support or any act or omission, including negligence, by dell or your-third-party service provider. dell and/or your third-party service provider is not permitted by law to copy pirated or copyrighted materials or to copy or handle illegal data. prior to dell and/or your third-party service provider providing service or support, you represent that your system(s) does not contain illegal files or data. you also represent that you own the copyright or have a license to make copies to all files on your system and do not have any data that would cause dell or your third-party service provider to be liable for copyright infringement if such data was copied by dell and/or your third-party service provider. parts used in repairing or servicing product(s) may be new, equivalent-to-new or reconditioned. limitation of liability.  dell does not accept liability beyond the remedies set forth herein, including but not limited to any liability for product not being available for use, lost profits, loss of business or for lost or corrupted data or software, or the provision of services and support. except as expressly provided herein, dell will not be liable for any consequential, special, indirect, or punitive damages, even if advised of the possibility of such damages, or for any claim by any third party. you agree that for any liability related to the purchase of product, dell is not liable or responsible for any amount of damages above the amount invoiced for the applicable product. not for resale or export.  you agree to comply with all applicable laws and regulations of the various states and of the united states. you agree and represent that you are buying for your own internal use only, and not for resale or export. dell has separate terms and conditions governing resale of product by third parties and transactions outside the united states. terms and conditions for resale are located at: www.dell.com/terms/#reseller.. product, which may include technology and software, is subject to u.s. export laws as well as the laws of the country where it is delivered or used. product may not be sold, leased, or transferred to restricted countries, restricted end-users, or for restricted end-uses. you agree that product purchased from dell will not to be used for activities related to weapons of mass destruction, including activities related to the design, development, production or use of nuclear materials, nuclear facilities, or nuclear weapons, or chemical or biological weapons. you further agree that you will not sell, lease, or otherwise transfer product to end-users engaged in these activities. governing law. the parties agree that this agreement, any sales there under, or any claim, dispute or controversy (whether in contract, tort, or otherwise, whether preexisting, present or future, and including statutory, consumer protection, common law, and equitable claims) between customer and dell arising from or relating to this agreement, its interpretation, or the breach, termination or validity thereof, the relationships which result from this agreement, dell's advertising, or any related purchase shall be governed by the laws of the state of texas, without regard to conflicts of law. dispute resolution and binding arbitration.  any claim, dispute, or controversy (whether in contract, tort, or otherwise, whether preexisting, present or future, and including statutory, consumer protection, common law, intentional tort and equitable claims) between customer and dell, its agents, employees, principals, successors, assigns, affiliates (collectively for purposes of this paragraph, "dell") arising from or relating to this agreement, its interpretation, or the breach, termination or validity thereof, the relationships which result from this agreement (including, to the full extent permitted by applicable law, relationships with third parties who are not signatories to this agreement), dell's advertising, or any related purchase shall be resolved exclusively and finally by binding arbitration administered by the american arbitration association (aaa) or jams. arbitration proceedings shall be governed by this provision and the applicable procedures of the selected arbitration administrator, including any applicable procedures for consumer-related disputes, in effect at the time the claim is filed. consumer claimants (individuals whose transaction is intended for personal family or household use) may elect to pursue their claims in small-claims court rather than arbitration.the arbitration or small-claims court proceeding will be limited solely to the dispute or controversy between customer and dell.in any dispute,neither customer nor dell shall be entitled to join or consolidate claims by or against other customers, or arbitrate any claim as a representative or class action or in a private attorney general capacity. the individual (non-class) nature of this dispute provision goes to the essence of the parties' dispute resolution agreement, and if found unenforceable, the entire arbitration and dispute resolution provision shall not be enforced.the arbitrator shall be empowered to grant whatever relief would be available in court under law or in equity. this transaction shall be governed by the federal arbitration act 9 u.s.c. sec. 1-16 (faa). any award of the arbitrator(s) shall be final and binding on each of the parties, and may be entered as a judgment in any court of competent jurisdiction. dell will be responsible for paying any individual consumer's arbitration fees. if any customer prevails on any claim that affords the prevailing party attorneys' fees, or if there is a written agreement providing for fees, the arbitrator may award reasonable fees to the prevailing party, under the standards for fee shifting provided by law. you acknowledge that you are giving up your rights to litigate claims in a court or before a jury or to participate in a class action or representative action with respect to such a claim. other rights that you would have if you went to court, such as access to discovery, may also be unavailable or may be limited in arbitration. for information on aaa or jams, contact the following: american arbitration association, 335 madison avenue, 10th floor, new york, ny 10017, www.adr.org; jams, 45 broadway, new york, ny 10005, (800) 352-5267, www.jamsadr.com. notice to commercial customers: purchases of products, software and services from dell by commercial customers (including small, medium and large business and government and public sector customers) are pursuant to dell's commercial terms of sale, available at www.dell.com/terms and incorporated by reference in its entirety herein.(rev 110110)commercial terms of saleunless otherwise agreed to by dell in writing, the commercial terms of sale apply to direct commercial purchasers (including small, medium and large business and government and public sector customers) of dell hardware, software and services and commercial end-users who purchase through a reseller. by placing your order, you accept and are bound to the commercial terms of sale below:your relationship with dell. introduction. dell's sale of products, software, and services, as well as its performance of services and your use of the software are subject to the terms of this agreement between you ("you " or "customer ") and dell (the "agreement "). "dell " means dell marketing l.p., on behalf of itself and its suppliers and licensors, or the entity identified on your order confirmation, invoice, or other form of purchase document entered into by you at the time you purchased the products, software, or services. "customer " shall include any of your affiliates that places a dell order, and "dell " shall include any dell affiliates with which such an order is placed. purchases of products, software, or services under this agreement shall be solely for customer's own internal use and not for resale purposes. in instances where customer purchases through a reseller or distributor, final prices and terms and conditions of sale will be as agreed between customer and the third party from which customer makes such purchases; however, the terms set forth herein are applicable to your use of dell software and the performance of dell services. definitions. "products " means computer hardware and any other products provided hereunder. "services " means any and all services provided by dell as described in one or more service agreements. "software " means any software, library, utility, tool, or other computer or program code, in object (binary) or source-code form, as well as the related documentation, provided by dell to you. software includes software locally installed on your systems and software accessed by you through the internet or other remote means (such as websites, portals, and "cloud-based" solutions). "deliverables " means the tangible and intangible materials, including reports, studies, base cases, drawings, findings, manuals, procedures, and recommendations prepared by dell or its suppliers, licensors, or subcontractors in the course of performing the services. "materials" means all content and other items included with or as part of the products, services, software, or deliverables, such as text, graphics, logos, button icons, images, audio clips, information, data, photographs, graphs, videos, typefaces, music, sounds, and software. "third-party products" means any non-dell-branded products, software, or services.additional agreements. this agreement, together with the service agreements (as defined below), form a legally binding contract between you and dell in relation to your purchase and use of products and software, and dell's performance of services. in the event of a conflict between these agreements, the terms of these documents will be interpreted in the following order of precedence: (1) service agreement; and (2) this agreement.quotes, ordering, and payment. payment terms; orders; quotes; interest. your order is subject to acceptance or cancellation by dell, in dell's sole discretion. terms of payment are within dell's sole discretion, and unless otherwise agreed to by dell, payment must be received by dell prior to dell's acceptance of an order. each accepted order will be interpreted as a single agreement, independent of any other orders. payment for products, software, and services must be made by credit card, automated clearing house, wire transfer, electronic funds transfer or some other prearranged payment method unless credit terms have been agreed to by dell. payment to dell in respect of products, software and services, as applicable, shall be made to the account indicated by dell (as may be amended from time to time). orders for third-party products are subject to availability and are cancellable by dell. orders for third-party products are non-cancellable by customer. if customer purchases a multi-year software license and related support and/or maintenance, and dell and the customer (and, if applicable, the third-party licensor of the software) agree to annualize the customer's purchase over the term of the license, customer shall make all annual payments in full and such purchase is non-cancellable over the term of the license. timely payment of the price and all charges is of the essence. it is the responsibility of customer to ensure payments are authorized and approved on time to ensure receipt of payment no later than the due date; in no case shall dell be responsible for ensuring such authorization or approval. any assignment by customer of its purchase order to a third-party financing company (other than dell financial services, llc) must be approved in advance in writing by dell, and in no case shall any such approval excuse customer from its obligations hereunder. dell reserves the right to charge you a late penalty of 1.5% per month applied against undisputed overdue amounts, or the maximum rate permitted by law, whichever is less. late penalties will be recalculated every 30 days thereafter based on your current outstanding balance. in addition, dell, without waiving any other rights or remedies to which it may be entitled, shall have the right to suspend or terminate any or all services and refuse additional orders for products or software from customer until dell's receipt of all overdue amounts. dell shall have no liability to customer for any such suspension or termination of services or for its refusal of additional orders. dell further reserves the right to seek collection of all overdue amounts (including by referral to third party collectors), plus all reasonable legal fees (including reasonable attorneys fees) and costs associated with such collection. customer shall place all orders in the country where the products and software are to be shipped and where services are to be performed, and payment of the corresponding price and costs shall be made in the currency identified by dell in its invoice. additional charges will apply if customer requests services that are performed outside of contracted hours or are beyond the normal coverage for the particular service, such as customized invoicing, consolidated invoicing, and statements. dell reserves the right to change the method of delivery of all documentation, and any additional changes requested by customer may be subject to additional charges.invoices. invoices are due and payable within the time period noted on your invoice, or if not noted, then within 30 days, measured from the date of the invoice, subject to continuing credit approval by dell, such approval may be revoked without further notice from dell. dell may invoice parts of an order separately or may invoice purchases of the products, software and services in one invoice to customer. unless you and dell have agreed to a different discount structure, dell's standard pricing policy for dell-branded systems that include products, software and services in one discounted price, allocates the discount off list price applicable to the services portion of the system to be equal to the overall percentage discount off of the list price of the entire system. dell is not responsible for pricing, typographical, or other errors in any offer, and reserves the right to cancel orders arising from such errors. customer agrees that all invoices shall be deemed accurate unless customer advises dell in writing of a bona fide, material error within fourteen (14) days of the date of such invoice. in the event that customer advises dell of a material error, (i) payment of any amounts corrected or modified by dell in writing shall be due within fourteen (14) days of such correction, and (ii) all other amounts shall be paid by customer by the invoice due date. in the event customer withholds payment of any invoiced amounts upon an assertion by customer that such amounts are erroneous, and dell subsequently concludes that such invoiced amounts are accurate, customer shall pay interest on such amounts as described above from the due date for such amounts until dell's receipt of those amounts. in no case shall customer be entitled to offset, defer or deduct any invoiced amounts that dell determines are not erroneous following the notification process set forth above. shipping charges; title; risk of loss. taxes, shipping and handling charges are not included in product prices unless expressly indicated at the time of sale. title to products (except title to software remains with the applicable licensors) passes from dell to customer upon shipment to customer. loss or damage that occurs during shipping by a carrier selected by dell is dell's responsibility. loss or damage that occurs during shipping by a carrier selected by you is your responsibility. shipping and delivery dates are provided as estimates only. you must notify dell within 21 days of the date of your invoice or acknowledgement if you believe any part of your order is missing, wrong, or damaged. taxes. unless you provide dell with a valid and accurate tax-exemption certificate applicable to your product purchase and ship-to location, you are responsible for sales tax and any other taxes or governmental fees associated with your order. customer may qualify for tax exemptions from time to time in which case dell requests that customer provide it with a valid certificate of exemption or other appropriate documentary proof of exemption. the charges stated in the order or any invoice shall be inclusive of all duties, levies or any similar charges and shall exclude vat or equivalent sales or use tax. unless otherwise specified in writing by dell, customer shall pay all freight, insurance, and taxes (including but not limited to import or export duties, sales, use, value add, and excise taxes). dell shall provide customer with a valid invoice in accordance with vat or other applicable law. in the event that customer is required by law to make a withholding or deduction in respect of the price payable to dell, customer will make the relevant payments to dell net of the required withholding or deduction. customer will supply to dell evidence (e.g. official withholding tax receipts), to the reasonable satisfaction of dell, that customer has accounted to the relevant authority for the sum withheld or deducted. if such evidence is not provided to dell within 60 days of remittance to the applicable tax authority, dell will impose a penalty payment on customer, and customer will be liable for such penalty, in the amount of the withholding imposed on that particular transaction.prices. the prices charged for products, software, and services purchased under this agreement shall be the amounts set forth on dell's website or other quotation, or as provided by the applicable invoice or service agreements relating to such software or services. quoted prices will remain in effect only until the expiration date of the quote or dell's acceptance of your order, and such prices are subject to shortages in materials or resources, increases in the cost of manufacturing, or other factors. changed or discontinued products, software, or services. dell's policy is one of ongoing update and revision. dell may revise or discontinue product, software, or services offerings at any time without prior notice to customer. a change in a product, software, or service may occur after a customer places an order but before dell ships the product or software or performs the service. as a result, products, software, or services customer receives might display minor differences from the products, software, or services customer orders. however, the dell-branded software and products will meet or exceed all material specifications of such order. parts used in repairing or servicing products may be new, equivalent-to-new, or reconditioned. returns and exchanges. dell's return policy can be found at www.dell.com/returnpolicy and you agree to those terms. before returning or exchanging a product, you must contact us directly to obtain an authorization number to include with your return. you must return products to us in their original or equivalent packaging, and you are responsible for risk of loss, as well as shipping and handling fees. additional fees, including up to a 15% restocking fee, may apply. if you fail to follow the return or exchange instructions provided by dell, dell will not be responsible for any loss, damage, or modification of a product, or processing of a product for disposal or resale. credit for partial returns may be less than invoice or individual component prices due to bundled or promotional pricing associated with your original purchase. service agreements. dell may provide services, software, or deliverables to you in accordance with one or more "service agreements." "service agreements" are service contracts, including "service descriptions" available at www.dell.com/servicecontracts/, "statements of work," and any other such mutually agreed upon documents. each service agreement will be interpreted as a single agreement, independent of any other service agreement, so that all of the provisions are given as full effect as possible.term; auto-renewal; termination. term; auto-renewal. this agreement commences on the date you place your order and continues until all services and software licenses and applicable product warranties have expired or been terminated. each service and license to software will continue for the term stated in the service agreement or the software license, unless otherwise terminated. dell may, at its option, propose to renew the service and the software license by sending you an invoice or, subject to prior notification, continuing to perform the service or make the software available to you. you may (where permitted by law) agree to such renewal of the service and software license by paying such invoice by its due date or by continuing to order services or use the software.termination of services and software license. either party may terminate an individual service agreement if the other party commits a material breach of such agreement and the breach is not cured within 90 days of receipt of written notice from the injured party except dell may immediately terminate a service agreement if you fail to make payment for the services when due. termination of any or all service agreements will not terminate this agreement. unless renewed in accordance with this agreement, this agreement will terminate automatically upon the expiration of the agreed term of services and software license. dell may terminate this agreement immediately, including prior to the expiration of the term of services or software license, if (1) you fail to make any payment when due; (2) you are acquired by or merge with a competitor of dell; (3) you declare bankruptcy or are adjudicated bankrupt; or (4) a receiver or trustee is appointed for you or substantially all of your assets. upon termination of this agreement, all rights and obligations of the parties under this agreement will automatically terminate except for rights of action accruing prior to termination, payment obligations, and any obligations that expressly or by implication are intended to survive termination.	proprietary rights. all right, title, and interest in the intellectual property (including all copyrights, patents, trademarks, trade secrets, and trade dress) embodied in the software, products and materials, as well as the methods by which the services are performed and the processes that make up the services, shall belong solely and exclusively to dell or the applicable suppliers or licensors, and you shall have no rights whatsoever in any of the above, except as expressly granted in this agreement. the software, products and materials are protected pursuant to copyright laws and international copyright treaties, as well as other intellectual property laws and treaties. you may not modify, remove, delete, augment, add to, publish, transmit, adapt, translate, participate in the transfer or sale of, create derivative works from, or in any way exploit any of the software and materials, in whole or in part.deliverables. dell and its applicable suppliers or licensors will retain exclusive ownership of all deliverables, and will own all intellectual property rights, title, and interest in any ideas, concepts, know-how, documentation, and techniques associated with such deliverables. subject to payment in full for the applicable services, dell grants you a non-exclusive, non-transferable, royalty-free right to use the deliverables solely in the country or countries in which you do business, solely for your internal use, and solely as necessary for you to enjoy the benefit of the services as stated in the applicable service agreements. suspension or modification of software or services. dell may suspend, terminate, withdraw, or discontinue all or part of the services or your access or one or more users' access to the software (and third-party software) upon receipt of a subpoena or law-enforcement request, or when dell believes, in its sole discretion, that you (or your users) have breached any term of this agreement or an applicable service agreement, or are involved in any fraudulent, misleading, or illegal activities.with respect to software provided or otherwise made available to you by dell in connection with services, it may be necessary for dell to perform scheduled or unscheduled repairs or maintenance, or remotely patch or upgrade the software, which may temporarily degrade the quality of the services or result in a partial or complete outage of the software. dell provides no assurance that you will receive advance notification of such activities or that the software or services will be uninterrupted or error-free. unless otherwise agreed to in writing between you and dell, any degradation or interruption in the software or services shall not give rise to a refund or credit of any fees paid by you.you agree that the operation and availability of the systems used for accessing and interacting with the software, including telephone, computer networks, and the internet, or to transmit information, can be unpredictable and may, from time to time, interfere with or prevent access to or use or operation of the software. dell shall not be liable for any such interference with or prevention of your access to or use of the software.support services. your responsibilities. when services consist of repair of dell-branded systems, such services shall be those repair services that are necessary to fix a defect in materials or workmanship of a system or any standard system component covered by this agreement. preventive maintenance is not included. repairs necessitated by software problems, or as a result of alteration, adjustment, or repair by anyone other than dell (or its representatives) are not included. unless otherwise expressly provided in a service agreement, services do not include repair of any system or system component that has been damaged as a result of (1) accident, misuse, or abuse of the system or component (such as use of incorrect line voltages or fuses, use of incompatible devices or accessories, improper or insufficient ventilation, or failure to follow operating instructions) by anyone other than dell (or its representatives); (2) the moving of the system from one geographic location or entity to another; or (3) an act of nature such as lightning, flooding, tornado, earthquake, or hurricane.customer authorization for provision of services. some warranties or service-contracts for third-party products may become void if dell or anyone other than an authorized service provider provides services for or works on such hardware or software (such as providing maintenance or repair services for the third-party products). dell does not take responsibility for any effect that the dell services may have on those warranties or service contracts. you authorize dell to use or otherwise access any and all customer-provided third-party products as necessary or as requested by customer in dell's performance of the services, including copying, storing, and reinstalling a backup system or data. you shall defend, indemnify, and hold dell harmless from any third-party claim or action arising out of your failure to provide such authorization (such as obtain appropriate licenses, intellectual-property rights, or any other permissions, regulatory certifications, or approvals associated with technology, software, or other components).software. accompanying license. software is subject to the separate software license agreements accompanying the software, along with any product guides, operating manuals, or other documentation included with the software media packaging or presented to customer during the installation or use of the software. customer agrees that customer will be bound by such license agreement. software license from dell. with respect to software provided or otherwise made available to you by dell in connection with the services, if no license terms accompany the software, then subject to your compliance with the terms set forth in this agreement, dell hereby grants customer a personal, non-exclusive license to access and use such software only during the term of the services and solely as necessary for customer to enjoy the benefit of the services as stated in the applicable service agreements. restrictions. customer may not copy, modify, or create a derivative work, collective work, or compilation of the software, and may not reverse engineer, decompile or otherwise attempt to extract the code of the software or any part thereof. customer may not license, sell, assign, sublicense, or otherwise transfer or encumber the software; may not use the software in a managed-services arrangement; and may not use the software in excess of the authorized number of licensed seats for concurrent users, sites, or other criteria specified in the applicable service agreements. in addition, customer may not access the software to monitor its availability, performance, or functionality, or for any other benchmarking or competitive purpose. customer is further prohibited from (1) attempting to use or gain unauthorized access to dell or to any third party's networks or equipment; (2) permitting other individuals or entities to use the software or copy the software or services; (3) attempting to probe, scan, or test the vulnerability of software or a system, account, or network of dell or any of its customers or suppliers; (4) interfering or attempting to interfere with service to any user, host, or network; (5) engaging in fraudulent activity of any nature; (6) transmitting unsolicited bulk or commercial messages; (7) restricting, inhibiting, or otherwise interfering with the ability of any other person, regardless of intent, purpose, or knowledge, to use or enjoy the software (except for tools with safety and security functions); or (8) restricting, inhibiting, interfering with, or otherwise disrupting or causing a performance degradation to any dell (or dell service supplier) facilities used to deliver the services.audit. you hereby grant dell, or an agent designated by dell, the right to perform an audit of your use of the software during normal business hours; you agree to cooperate with dell in such audit; and you agree to provide dell with all records reasonably related to your use of the software. the audit will be limited to verification of your compliance with the terms of this agreement.open source software. a portion of the software may contain or consist of open source software, which you may use under the terms and conditions of the specific license under which the open source software is distributed.	this open source software is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but is provided "as is" without any warranty, express, implied, or otherwise, including but not limited to the implied warranty of merchantability or fitness for a particular purpose, or any warranty regarding title or against infringement. in no event shall dell, the copyright holders, or the contributors be liable for any direct, indirect, incidental, special, exemplary, or consequential damages (including, but not limited to, procurement of substitute goods or services; loss of use, data, or profits; or business interruption) however caused and on any theory of liability, whether in contract, strict liability, or tort (including negligence or otherwise) arising in any way out of the use of this open source software, even if advised of the possibility of such damage.privacy. for information about dell's privacy practices, please read dell's global and country-specific privacy policies at www.dell.com/privacy. these policies explain how dell treats your personal information and protects your privacy. customer & system data. in dell's performance of the services or in connection with your use of the service-related software, it may be necessary for dell to obtain, receive, or collect data or information, including system-specific data (collectively, the "data" ). in such cases, you grant dell a non-exclusive, worldwide, royalty-free, perpetual, non-revocable license to use, compile, distribute, display, store, process, reproduce, or create derivative works of the data solely for those purposes. in addition, you grant dell a license to aggregate and use the data in an anonymous manner in support of dell's marketing and sales activities. you also grant dell the right to copy and maintain such material and content on dell's servers (or the servers of its suppliers) during the term of this agreement. you represent and warrant that you have obtained all rights, permissions, and consents necessary to use and transfer the data within and outside of the country in which you are located in conjunction with dell's performance of the services or your use of the service-related software (including providing adequate disclosures and obtaining legally sufficient consent from your employees, agents, and contractors).high-risk disclaimer. the dell-branded products, software and services are not fault-tolerant and are not designed or intended for use in hazardous environments requiring fail-safe performance, such as in the operation of nuclear facilities, aircraft navigation or communication systems, air traffic control, weapons systems, life-support machines, or any other application in which the failure of the products, software, or services could lead directly to death, personal injury, or severe physical or property damage (collectively, "high-risk activities" ). dell expressly disclaims any express or implied warranty of fitness for high-risk activities.important additional information. nothing in this section shall exclude or limit dell's warranty or liability for losses that may not be lawfully excluded or limited by applicable law. some jurisdictions do not allow the exclusion of certain warranties or conditions or the limitation or exclusion of liability for loss or damage caused by negligence, breach of contract, breach of implied terms, or incidental or consequential damages. some jurisdictions do not always enforce class action or jury waivers, and may limit forum selection clauses and statute of limitations provisions, as such, only the limitations that are lawfully applied to you in your jurisdiction will apply to you, and dell's liability will be limited to the maximum extent permitted by law.limited warranty. the limited warranties for dell-branded products can be found at www.dell.com/warranty or in the documentation dell provides with such products. the services will be provided in a good and workmanlike manner. dell has the right to grant the licenses to the software licensed in section 8.b above, and such software will substantially conform to the functional specifications and current documentation provided by dell. except as expressly stated in the preceding sentences of this paragraph, dell, (including its affiliates, contractors, and agents, and each of their respective employees, directors, and officers), on behalf of itself and its suppliers (collectively, the "dell parties") makes no express or implied warranty with respect to any of the products, software, or services, including but not limited to any warranty (1) of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, performance, suitability, or non-infringement; (2) relating to third-party products, software, or services; (3) relating to the performance of any hardware or software, or dell's performance of the services; or (4) regarding the results to be obtained from the products, software, services, or the results of any recommendation by dell. warranties do not cover damage due to external causes, such as accident, abuse, misuse, problems with electrical power, service not performed or authorized by dell (including installation or de-installation), usage not in accordance with product or software instructions, normal wear and tear, or use of parts and components not supplied or intended for use with the products, software, or services. these warranties do not apply to third-party products. any warranty on a third-party product is provided by the publisher, provider, or original manufacturer. all third-party products are provided "as is." with respect to your use of the software (1) neither dell nor any of the dell parties makes any express or implied warranty that software provided to you in connection with this agreement is or will be secure, accurate, complete, uninterrupted, without error, or free of viruses, worms, other harmful components, or other program limitations; or that any errors in the software will be corrected; (2) you assume the entire cost of all necessary servicing, repair, or correction of problems caused by viruses or other harmful components, unless such errors or viruses are the direct result of dell's gross negligence or willful misconduct; (3) dell and the dell parties, jointly and severally, disclaim and make no warranties or representations as to the accuracy, quality, reliability, suitability, completeness, truthfulness, usefulness, or effectiveness of any reports, data, results, or other information obtained or generated by you related to your use of the software; and (4) use of the software is entirely at your own risk and neither dell nor the dell parties shall have any liability relating to such use.limitation of liability dell will not be liable for any incidental, indirect, punitive, special, or consequential damages arising out of or in connection with the products, software, or services provided hereunder. except for your breach of section 1.d.1. or 8,, neither party shall have liability for the following: (1) loss of revenue, income, profit, or savings; (2) lost or corrupted data or software, loss of use of a system or network or the recovery of such; (3) loss of business opportunity; (4) business interruption or downtime; or (5) deliverables, dell products, or third-party products not being available for use. dell's total liability for any and all claims arising out of or in connection with this agreement (including any products, software, or services provided hereunder) in any 12-month period shall not exceed the total amount paid by customer during the prior 12 months of this agreement for the specific product, software, or service giving rise to such claim(s). 		these limitations, exclusions, and disclaimers shall apply to all claims for damages, whether based in contract, warranty, strict liability, negligence, tort, or otherwise. the parties agree that these limitation of liability are agreed allocations of risk constituting in part the consideration for dell's sale of products, software, or services to customer, and such limitations will apply notwithstanding the failure of essential purpose of any limited remedy and even if a party has been advised of the possibility of such liabilities. confidentiality. in connection with this agreement, each party may have access to or be exposed to information of the other party that is not generally known to the public, such as software, product plans, pricing, marketing and sales information, customer lists, "know-how," or trade secrets, which may be designated as confidential or which, under the circumstances surrounding disclosure, ought to be treated as confidential (collectively, "confidential information" ). confidential information may not be shared with third parties unless such disclosure is to the receiving party's personnel, including employees, agents, and subcontractors, on a "need-to-know" basis in connection with this agreement, so long as such personnel have agreed in writing to treat such confidential information under terms at least as restrictive as those herein. each party agrees to take the necessary precautions to maintain the confidentiality of the other party's confidential information by using at least the same degree of care as such party employs with respect to its own confidential information of a similar nature, but in no case less than a commercially reasonable standard of care to maintain confidentiality. the foregoing shall not apply to information that (1) was known by one party prior to its receipt from the other or is or becomes public knowledge through no fault of the recipient; or (2) is rightfully received by the recipient from a third party without a duty of confidentiality. if a recipient is required by a court or government agency to disclose confidential information, the recipient shall provide advance notice to other party before making such a disclosure. the obligations with respect to confidential information shall continue for two years from the date of disclosure.indemnification. dell shall defend and indemnify you against any third-party claim or action that products, software, services, or deliverables (excluding third-party products and open source software) prepared or produced by dell and delivered pursuant to this agreement infringe or misappropriate that third party's u.s. patent, copyright, trade secret, or other intellectual property rights ("indemnified claims" ). in addition, if dell receives prompt notice of an indemnified claim that, in dell's reasonable opinion, is likely to result in an adverse ruling, then dell shall at its option, (1) obtain a right for you to continue using such products, deliverables or software or allow dell to continue performing the services; (2) modify such products, software, services or deliverables to make them non-infringing; (3) replace such products, software, services, or deliverables with a non-infringing equivalent; or (4) refund any pre-paid fees for the allegedly infringing services that have not been performed or provide a reasonable depreciated or pro rata refund for the allegedly infringing product, deliverables, or software. notwithstanding the foregoing, dell shall have no obligation under this section for any claim resulting or arising from (1) modifications of the products, software, services, deliverables that were not performed by or on behalf of dell; (2) the combination, operation, or use of the products, software, services, or deliverables in connection with a third-party product, software, or service (the combination of which causes the claimed infringement); or (3) dell's compliance with your written specifications or directions, including the incorporation of any software or other materials or processes provided by or requested by you. dell's duty to indemnify and defend under this section 12.d. is contingent upon: (x) dell receiving prompt written notice of the third-party claim or action for which dell must indemnify customer, (y) dell having the right to solely control the defense and resolution of such claim or action, and (z) your cooperation with dell in defending and resolving such claim or action. this section 12.d. states customer's exclusive remedies for any third-party intellectual property claim or action, and nothing in this agreement or elsewhere will obligate dell to provide any greater indemnity to customer.you shall defend and indemnify dell against any third-party claim or action arising out of (1) your failure to obtain any appropriate license, intellectual property rights, or other permissions, regulatory certifications, or approvals associated with technology or data provided by you, or associated with software or other components directed or requested by you to be installed or integrated as part of the products, software services or deliverables; (2) your breach of dell's proprietary rights as stated in this agreement; (3) any inaccurate representation regarding the existence of an export license or any allegation made against dell due to your violation or alleged violation of applicable export laws, regulations, or orders; or (4) your providing of (or providing access to) excluded data to dell.each party shall defend and indemnify the other party against any third-party claim or action for personal bodily injury, including death, to the extent directly caused by the indemnifying party's gross negligence or willful misconduct in the course of performing its obligations under this agreement. independent contractor relationship; assignment; subcontracting. the parties are independent contractors. no provision of this agreement will or shall be deemed to create an association, trust, partnership, joint venture or other entity or similar legal relationship between dell and customer, or impose a trust, partnership or fiduciary duty, obligation, or liability on or with respect to such entities. neither party will have any rights, power, or authority to act or create an obligation, express or implied, on behalf of another party except as specified in this agreement. dell has the right to assign, subcontract, or delegate in whole or in part this agreement, or any rights, duties, obligations or liabilities under this agreement, by operation of law or otherwise, provided that dell shall remain responsible for the performance of services under this agreement. otherwise, neither party may assign this agreement without the permission of the other.	force majeure. neither party shall be liable to the other for any failure to perform any of its obligations (except payment obligations) under this agreement during any period in which such performance is delayed by circumstances beyond its reasonable control, such as fire, flood, war, embargo, strike, riot, or the intervention of any governmental authority (a "force majeure"). in such event, however, the delayed party must promptly provide the other party with written notice of the force majeure. the delayed party's time for performance will be excused for the duration of the force majeure, but if the force majeure event lasts longer than 30 days, then the other party may immediately terminate, in whole or in part, this agreement or the applicable service agreement by giving written notice to the delayed party.export compliance. you acknowledge that the products, software, and services provided under this agreement, which may include technology and encryption, are subject to the customs and export control laws and regulations of the united states ("u.s."), may be rendered or performed either in the u.s., in countries outside the u.s., or outside of the borders of the country in which you or your system is located, and may also be subject to the customs and export laws and regulations of the country in which the products, software, or services are rendered or received. you agree to abide by those laws and regulations. you further represent that any software provided by you and used as part of the products, software, or services contains no encryption or, to the extent that it contains encryption, such software is approved for export without a license. if you cannot make the preceding representation, you agree to provide dell with all of the information needed for dell to obtain export licenses from the u.s. government or any other applicable national government and to provide dell with such additional assistance as may be necessary to obtain such licenses. notwithstanding the foregoing, you are solely responsible for obtaining any necessary licenses relating to the export of software. dell also may require export certifications from you for software. dell's acceptance of any order for products, software, or services is contingent upon the issuance of any applicable export license required by the u.s. government or any other applicable national government; dell is not liable for delays or failure to deliver products, software, or services resulting from your failure to obtain such license or to provide such certification. each party agrees to indemnify, defend and hold the other harmless from any third-party claims, demands, or causes of action against the other due to the indemnifying party's violation or alleged violation of the applicable export laws, regulations or orders. excluded data . customer acknowledges that software and services provided under this agreement are not designed with security and access management for the processing and/or storage of the following categories of data: (1) data that is classified and or used on the u.s. munitions list, including software and technical data; (2) articles, services and related technical data designated as defense articles and defense services; (3) itar (international traffic in arms regulations) related data; and (4) other personally identifiable information that is subject to heightened security requirements as a result of customer's internal policies or practices or by law (collectively referred to as "excluded data"). customer hereby agrees that customer is solely responsible for reviewing its data that will be provided to dell (or to which dell will have access) to ensure that it does not contain excluded data.regulatory requirements. dell is not responsible for determining whether any third-party product to be used in the products, software, or performance of the services, satisfies the local regulatory requirements of the country to which such products, software, or services are to be delivered, and dell shall not be obligated to provide any product or software or perform any services where the resulting products, software, or services do not satisfy the local regulatory requirements.	entire agreement; severability. this agreement is the entire agreement between you and dell with respect to its subject matter and supersedes all prior oral and written understandings, communications, or agreements between you and dell. any preprinted terms on your purchase order shall be given no force or effect and no terms of a purchase order that conflict with this agreement shall be binding on dell. no amendment to or modification of this agreement, in whole or in part, will be valid or binding unless it is in writing and executed by authorized representatives of both parties. if any provision of this agreement should be found to be void or unenforceable, such provision will be stricken or modified, but only to the extent necessary to comply with the law, and the remainder of this agreement will remain in full force and will not be terminated.updates. dell reserves the right to update this agreement at any time, effective upon posting an updated version at www.dell.com/terms; however, your rights and obligations shall be as provided in the version of this agreement executed by you or available to you at the time of your purchase of products, software, or services or, when applicable, renewal of software or services. u.s. government restricted rights. the software and documentation provided with the products, software, and services are "commercial items" as that term is defined at 48 c.f.r. 2.101, consisting of "commercial computer software" and "commercial computer software documentation" as such terms are used in 48 c.f.r. 12.212. consistent with 48 c.f.r. 12.212 and 48 c.f.r. 227.7202-1 through 227.7202-4, all u.s. government end-users acquire the software and documentation with only those rights set forth herein. contractor/manufacturer of software and dell-branded products is dell products l.p., one dell way, round rock, texas 78682.	governing law. this agreement, any related service agreement, and any claim, dispute, or controversy (whether in contract, tort, or otherwise, including statutory, consumer protection, common law, intentional tort and equitable claims) between customer and dell, including their affiliates, contractors, and agents, and each of their respective employees, directors, and officers arising from or relating to this agreement, its interpretation, or the breach, termination or validity thereof, the relationships which result from this agreement (including, to the full extent permitted by applicable law, relationships with third parties who are not signatories to this agreement), dell's advertising, or any related purchase (a "dispute" ) shall be governed by the laws of the state of texas, without regard to conflicts of law. the parties agree that the un convention for the international sale of goods will have no force or effect on this agreement.	venue. the parties agree that any dispute (as defined in ¶ 12(l)) shall be brought exclusively in the state or federal courts located in travis or williamson county, texas. customer and dell agree to submit to the personal jurisdiction of the state and federal courts located within travis or williamson county, texas, and agree to waive any and all objections to the exercise of jurisdiction over the parties by such courts and to venue in such courts. 	bench trial. the parties agree to waive, to the maximum extent permitted by law, any right to a jury trial with respect to any dispute (as defined in ¶ 12(l)). no class actions. neither customer nor dell shall be entitled to join or consolidate claims by or against other customers, or pursue any claim as a representative or class action or in a private attorney general capacity.	limitation period. neither party shall be liable for any claim brought more than two years after the cause of action for such claim first arose. 	dispute resolution. customer and dell will attempt to resolve any dispute (as defined in ¶ 12(l)) through face-to-face negotiation with persons fully authorized to resolve the dispute or through mediation utilizing a mediator agreed to by the parties, rather than through litigation. the existence or results of any negotiation or mediation will be treated as confidential. notwithstanding the foregoing, either party will have the right to obtain from a state or federal court in travis or williamson county a temporary restraining order, preliminary injunction, or other equitable relief to preserve the status quo, prevent irreparable harm, avoid the expiration of any applicable limitations period, or preserve a superior position with respect to other creditors, although the merits of the underlying dispute will be resolved in accordance with this paragraph. in the event the parties are unable to resolve the dispute within 30 days of notice of the dispute to the other party, the parties shall be free to pursue all remedies available at law or in equity.notices. notice to dell under this agreement or any related service agreement must be in writing and sent by postage prepaid first-class mail or receipted courier service to the address below or to such other address (including facsimile or e-mail) as specified in writing, and will be effective upon receipt.                                          dell marketing l.p., attn: contracts manager                                             one dell way, round rock, texas 78682                                                                  end of document dell inc. commercial terms of sale (united states)revision date 10/1/2010retail purchaser end user agreement (applies to all purchases from retail sellers)please read this document carefully! it contains very important information about your rights and obligations, as well as limitations and exclusions that apply to you. this document contains a binding arbitration clause. this retail purchaser end user agreement ("agreement") governs your retail purchase and use of products and/or services and support ("product") sold in the united states by dell, including its affiliates or subsidiaries. by purchasing and using the product, you ("customer") agree to be bound by the terms of this agreement. if you do not agree, do not use the product, and return the product to your place of purchase (subject to its return policy). other documents.  this agreement may not be altered, supplemented, or amended by the use of any other document(s) unless otherwise agreed to in a written agreement signed by both you and dell. warranties.  the limited warranties applicable to dell-branded hardware product can be found at www.dell.com/warranty or in the documentation found with your dell-branded product. dell makes no warranties for service, software, or non-dell branded product, service, maintenance or support. such product, software, service, maintenance or support is provided by dell "as is" and any third-party warranties, services, maintenance and support are provided by the original manufacturer or supplier, not by dell. dell makes no express warranties except those stated in dell's applicable dell-branded warranty or service description in effect on the date of the purchase of your product. dell-branded warranties and services are effective when you have transferred the ownership of the product into your name, although the warranty period commences on the date of the purchase. you may find the instructions for how to transfer ownership into your name in the documentation found with your computer or by visiting http://www.dell.com/register. like your use of the product, transferring ownership of the product into your name expresses your intent to be bound by the terms of this agreement. if you purchase third-party-branded product, services, maintenance, or support additional third-party terms and conditions may apply. software. all software is provided subject to a license agreement and you agree that you will be bound by such license agreement in addition to these terms. title to software remains with the applicable licensor(s). return policies; exchanges.  returns and exchanges are governed by the policies of the retailer where you purchased the product. service and support. consumer customers.  service offerings may vary. in addition to terms and conditions, dell and/or your third-party service provider may provide such service and support to you in accordance with the terms and conditions of dell service descriptions located at www.dell.com/servicecontracts or as otherwise delivered to you. dell and/or your third-party service provider may in their discretion revise their general and optional service and support programs and the terms and conditions that govern them without prior notice to you. your purchase of services is pursuant to this agreement and the terms and conditions of the dell service descriptions, if applicable, published online at the time of your purchase. dell has no obligation to provide service or support until dell has received full payment for the service/support contract you purchased. dell is not obligated to provide third-party branded service or support, or service or support for any products or services that you purchased through a third-party and not dell. it is your responsibility to backup all existing data, software, and programs before receiving services or support (including telephone support). dell and/or your third-party service provider will have no liability for loss or recovery of data, programs or loss of use of system(s) arising out of the services or support or any act or omission, including negligence, by dell or your third-party service provider. dell and/or your third-party service provider is not permitted by law to copy pirated or copyrighted materials or to copy or handle illegal data. prior to dell and/or your third-party service provider providing service or support, you represent that your system(s) does not contain illegal files or data. you also represent that you own the copyright or have a license to make copies to all files on your system and do not have any data that would cause dell to be liable for copyright infringement if those files were copied by dell and/or your third-party service provider. parts used in repairing or servicing product may be new, equivalent-to-new, or reconditioned. commercial customers, including small, medium and large business and public sector customers. services and/or support offerings are provided to you pursuant to dell's customer master agreement ("cmsa"), which is available for review at www.dell.com/servicecontracts and incorporated herein in its entirety by reference. limitation of liability.  dell does not accept liability beyond the remedies set forth herein, including but not limited to any liability for product not being available for use, lost profits, loss of business or for lost or corrupted data or software, or the provision of services and support. except as expressly provided herein, dell will not be liable for any consequential, special, indirect, or punitive damages, even if advised of the possibility of such damages, or for any claim by any third party. you agree that for any liability related to the purchase of product, dell is not liable or responsible for any amount of damages above the amount you paid for the applicable product. notwithstanding anything in this agreement to the contrary, the remedies set forth in this agreement shall apply even if such remedies fail their essential purpose. not for resale or export.  you agree to comply with all applicable laws and regulations of the various states and of the united states. you agree and represent that you are buying for your own internal use only, and not for resale or export. dell has separate terms and conditions governing resale of product by third parties and transactions outside the united states. terms and conditions for resale are located at: www.dell.com/terms/#reseller. governing law. the parties agree that this agreement, the purchase and use of the product, or any claim, dispute or controversy (whether in contract, tort, or otherwise, whether preexisting, present or future, and including statutory, consumer protection, common law, and equitable claims) between customer and dell arising from or relating to this agreement, its interpretation, or the breach, termination or validity thereof, the relationships which result from this agreement, customer's purchase or use of the product, dell's advertising, or any related purchase shall be governed by the laws of the state of texas, without regard to conflicts of law. dispute resolution and binding arbitration. any claim, dispute, or controversy (whether in contract, tort, or otherwise, whether preexisting, present or future, and including statutory, consumer protection, common law, intentional tort and equitable claims) between customer and dell, its agents, employees, principals, successors, assigns, affiliates (collectively for purposes of this paragraph, "dell") arising from or relating to this agreement, its interpretation, or the breach, termination or validity thereof, the relationships which result from this agreement (including, to the full extent permitted by applicable law, relationships with third parties who are not signatories to this agreement), customer's purchase or use of the product, dell's advertising, or any related purchase shall be resolved exclusively and finally by binding arbitration administered by the american arbitration association(aaa) or jams. arbitration proceedings shall be governed by this provision and the applicable procedures of the selected arbitration administrator, including any applicable procedures for consumer-related disputes, in effect at the time the claim is filed. consumer claimants (individuals whose transaction is intended for personal family or household use) may elect to pursue their claims in small-claims court rather than arbitration. . the arbitration or small-claims court proceeding will be limited solely to the dispute or controversy between customer and dell.in any dispute. neither customer nor dell shall be entitled to join or consolidate claims by or against other customers, or arbitrate any claim as a representative or class action or in a private attorney general capacity. the individual (non-class) nature of this dispute provision goes to the essence of the parties'dispute resolution agreement, and if found unenforceable, the entire arbitration and dispute resolution provision shall not be enforced.the arbitrator shall be empowered to grant whatever relief would be available in court under law or in equity. this transaction shall be governed by the federal arbitration act 9 u.s.c. sec. 1-16 (faa). any award of the arbitrator(s) shall be final and binding on each of the parties, and may be entered as a judgment in any court of competent jurisdiction. dell will be responsible for paying any individual consumers' arbitration fees. if any customer prevails on any claim that affords the prevailing party attorneys' fees, or if there is a written agreement providing for fees, the arbitrator may award reasonable fees to the prevailing party, under the standards for fee shifting provided by law. you acknowledge that you are giving up your rights to litigate claims in a court or before a jury or to participate in a class action or representative action with respect to such a claim. other rights that you would have if you went to court, such as access to discovery, may also be unavailable or may be limited in arbitration. for information on aaa or jams, contact the following: american arbitration association, 335 madison avenue, 10th floor, new york, ny 10017, www.adr.org; jams, 45 broadway, new york, ny 10005, (800) 352-5267, www.jamsadr.com.(rev 110109)terms and conditions of sale for persons or entities purchasing to resell (applies to all purchases of products that buyer intends to resell to others)please read this document carefully. it contains very important information about your rights and obligations, as well as limitations and exclusions that apply to you. these terms and conditions (this "agreement ") apply to your purchase and resale of certain products ("products ") and dell services ("services ") from dell or a dell distributor in the united states or canada (collectively, products and services shall be referred to as "dell products and services "). this agreement does not apply to you if you are buying dell products and services for your own end use. not all dell products and services are available for purchase under this agreement. "dell " means the direct or indirect affiliate or subsidiary of dell inc. named on your invoice, order confirmation, or other sales documents. "you " or "you " shall include your subsidiaries and affiliates that are majority owned or controlled by you, and are approved by dell to resell dell products and services under this agreement (collectively, "affiliates "). these terms and conditions are subject to change at any time in dell's sole discretion without prior written notice. if you do not wish to be bound by this agreement, you must promptly notify dell. products must remain in the boxes in which they were shipped and you must notify us immediately to arrange a product return, for which you will be responsible for shipping & handling charges. additional return or restocking fees may apply. this agreement shall apply unless you have a separate written agreement with dell that expressly applies to your purchase and resale of dell products and services. by purchasing dell products and services for resale, you agree to be bound by and accept the terms and conditions of this agreement. terms and conditions appointment.  subject to your compliance with this agreement, you may resell dell products and services to certain third parties ("end-users ") as authorized by dell in writing, in dell's sole discretion, only after you have added value to the products through the addition of hardware, software, or services. approval by dell shall not be deemed from the sale of product to you. you may not resell to consumer, education, healthcare, federal, state, provincial or local or other public-sector customers, or to distributors or third-party sales agents, and you may not remarket or resell through retail storefronts or auction-type web sites. you may not resell to customers outside the united states or canada, whichever is the country covered by the dell entity from which you purchased dell products and services. this agreement is not exclusive. dell may appoint other dealers, distributors, resellers, licensees or sales agents (including those who may compete with you) to sell dell products and services. dell may market dell products and services to any third-party directly or indirectly without any obligation or liability to you. this agreement does not guarantee that you will make any sales of dell products and services. you determine or set your resale pricing. dell reserves the right to restrict or prohibit your participation in certain promotions, and to add, modify, or discontinue pricing, products, services, or parts. dell may require you to meet additional obligations not outlined herein, which will be disclosed to you prior to your purchase of dell products and services for resale. you will provide dell such information and reports pertinent to your relationship with dell as may reasonably be requested by dell. trademarks; copyrights.  you may use the "dell" name and the names of dell's products and services (collectively, "names ") solely for the purpose of accurately identifying the dell products and services you market or sell under this agreement. you may not use the names for any other purpose, and may not use any other dell trademarks, service marks, or copyrighted works. you agree to change or correct, at your own expense, any materials or activity that dell decides is inaccurate, objectionable or misleading, or a misuse of the names, trademarks, service marks, logos, or copyrighted works. you are prohibited from using dell's logos, referring to yourself as an authorized reseller of dell, or creating the impression that dell is affiliated with you other than as permitted expressly by the terms of the partnerdirect program. you may not claim or imply that you and dell are legal partners or that dell has sponsored, authorized, approved, or endorsed your business or any offer or marketing, advertising, or promotion thereof in any manner. you may not register or use any domain name or business name containing or confusingly similar to any name or mark of dell's. you will clearly and prominently identify yourself in all your offers and advertising, marketing, and promotional materials. intellectual property ownership. all right, title and interest in the intellectual property rights in dell products and services, including technology and trade secrets embodied therein and any custom developments created or provided in connection with or related to this agreement, and any derivative works thereof, shall belong solely and exclusively to dell or its licensors, and you shall have no rights whatsoever in any of the foregoing other than the rights set forth in this agreement. nothing in this agreement or otherwise will be deemed to grant to you an ownership interest in the intellectual property rights in dell products and services, in whole or in part. warranties. dell makes no express warranties except those stated in (i) dell's applicable limited warranty statement in effect on the date of the invoice, packing slip, or acknowledgement found at www.dell.com/warranty or the documentation provided with the product(s) or services or (ii) with respect to the services in an applicable service contract or services description found at www.dell.com/servicecontracts or a separately signed statement of work. dell disclaims all other warranties and conditions, express or implied, including but not limited to implied warranties or conditions of noninfringement, merchantability, and fitness for a particular purpose. there are no warranties by dell for non-dell branded products, services, or software products. all such products and services are provided by dell "as is." no revision in limited warranties will affect products or services already ordered by you. remedies & responsibilities. dell reserves the right to modify or discontinue service, maintenance, or support it offers in whole or in part provided such modification or discontinuance shall not void any warranty, service, maintenance, or support in existence and paid for prior to such modification or discontinuance. dell may cancel software licenses, services, maintenance, or support if dell does not receive payment. if you purchase third-party-branded products, services, maintenance, or support, additional third-party terms and conditions may apply. you shall be solely responsible for any and all representations and omissions you make or fail to make to your customers or to the public. you will inform your customers of dell's rights and your obligations under this agreement. this agreement may not be altered, supplemented, or amended by you via the use of any other document(s) unless otherwise agreed to in a separate written agreement signed by dell. any use of pre-printed forms, such as purchase orders, are for convenience only, and any terms set forth therein shall not apply to the purchase of dell products and services in accordance with this agreement. limitation of liability.  dell does not accept liability beyond the remedies set forth in this agreement. dell will not be liable for any incidental, consequential, special, indirect, or punitive damages, or for any liability for products or services not being available for use, lost or corrupted data or software, lost profits or savings, loss of business, or the provision of services or support not otherwise paid for or subject to any warranty associated with such product or service whether direct or indirect, and even if advised of the possibility of such damages, or for any claim by any third party. notwithstanding anything in this agreement or on our web site to the contrary, dell is not responsible for information or data you provide to us unless you have a separate written agreement to the contrary. you agree that for any liability arising from or related to the purchase of any products or services, dell is not liable or responsible for any amount of damages: in the case of products above the aggregate dollar amount you paid to dell for such products that caused the liability or in the case of services the aggregate dollar amount you paid to dell for such services that caused the liability in the previous 12 months prior to such claim for liability. the remedies set forth in this agreement shall apply even if such remedies fail their essential purpose. limitation period.  neither party may institute any action in any form arising out of this agreement more than two (2) years after the cause of action has arisen, or in the case of nonpayment, more than two (2) years from the date of last payment. your indemnity to dell.  to the fullest extent permitted by law, you will indemnify, defend, and hold harmless dell, including dell's officers, directors, agents, employees, subsidiaries, affiliates, parents, successors and assigns, from any claim, demand, cause of action, debt, or liability (including reasonable attorneys' or legal fees, expenses, and court costs) that relates to: (a) your modification of or addition to dell products and services; (b) your breach of this agreement, including your failure to secure assent by your end-users to be bound by the cts (as defined below) or such other end-user terms provided by dell to you in connection with this agreement; (c) your omission, misrepresentation, or negligence; (d) warranties you provide to end-users outside the terms of this agreement with respect to dell products and services; and (d) damage to a third party by dell products and services sold by you to the extent such claim is based on (i) your modification of or addition to dell products and services, misuse or abuse of dell products and services, or breach of any provision in this agreement; (ii) your failure to abide by all applicable laws, rules, regulations, and orders that affect dell products and services; (iii) your omission, misrepresentation, or negligence; or (iv) intentional harm to any person or property caused by you. indemnified claims, debts, and liabilities include the amount of any discount in price or concession that is made available by dell to you. marketing. reseller shall make no representations or warranties concerning dell products and services except as dell may itself approve in writing.dispute resolution - arbitration. the parties will attempt to resolve any claim, dispute, or controversy (whether in contract, tort or otherwise, whether preexisting, present or future, and including statutory, consumer protection, common law, intentional tort and equitable claims) between you and dell, its agents, employees, principals, successors, assigns, or affiliates (collectively for purposes of this paragraph, "dell") arising from or relating to the parties' written agreements, their interpretation, or the breach, termination or validity thereof, the relationships which result from the written agreements, the partner direct program, the reseller program, dell's advertising, or any related purchase (each a "dispute") through face-to-face negotiation with persons fully authorized to resolve the dispute or through mediation utilizing a mutually agreeable mediator, rather than through litigation. if the parties are unable to resolve the dispute through negotiation or mediation within a reasonable time after written notice from one party to the other that a dispute exists, the dispute will be settled by binding individual arbitration in accordance with the then current cpr rules for non-administered arbitration . the arbitration will be conducted before a single arbitrator mutually agreed to by the parties. if such arbitrator cannot be agreed upon dell will appoint one (1) arbitrator and you will appoint one (1) arbitrator. the two (2) appointed arbitrators will then select a third arbitrator, who shall be the presiding arbitrator. neither you nor dell shall be entitled to join or consolidate claims by or against other resellers or partners, or arbitrate any claim as a representative or class action or in a private attorney general capacity. the individual (non-class) nature of this dispute provision goes to the essence of the parties' arbitration agreement, and if found unenforceable, the entire arbitration provision shall not be enforced. the arbitration hearing shall take place in austin, texas, and will be governed by the united states federal arbitration act to the exclusion of any inconsistent state laws. the arbitrators shall base their award on the terms of any written agreement(s), and will follow the law and judicial precedents that a united states district judge sitting in the western district of texas would apply to the dispute. (for canadian entities: the arbitration hearing shall take place in toronto, ontario, and will be governed by the arbitration act of ontario and the applicable laws of ontario and canada.) the arbitrator shall render its award in writing and will include the findings of fact and conclusion of law upon which their award is based. judgment upon the arbitration award may be entered by any court of competent jurisdiction. notwithstanding the foregoing, either party will have the right to obtain from a court of competent jurisdiction a temporary restraining order, preliminary injunction, or other equitable relief to preserve the status quo or prevent irreparable harm, although the merits of the underlying dispute will be resolved in accordance with this paragraph.independent contractors.  no provision of this agreement will or shall be deemed to create a legal partnership, joint venture, or other combination between dell and you. you and dell are independent contractors. neither party will make any warranties or representations or assume any obligations on the other party's behalf. neither party is or will claim to be a legal representative, franchisee, agent, or employee of the other party. each party is responsible for the amounts it incurs arising from this agreement and for the direction and compensation, and is liable for the actions, of its employees and subcontractors. governing law.  the parties agree that this agreement, any sales thereunder, or any claim, dispute, or controversy (whether in contract, tort, or otherwise, whether preexisting, present, or future, and including statutory, common law, and equitable claims) between customer and dell arising from or relating to this agreement, its interpretation, or the breach, termination, or validity thereof, the relationships which result from this agreement, dell's advertising, or any related purchase shall be governed by the laws of the state of texas (or for canadian entities, the province of ontario), without regard to conflicts-of-laws rules. export.  you acknowledge that the purchased dell products and services licensed or sold under this agreement may include technology and software that are subject to the customs and export control laws and regulations of the united states ("u.s.") or canada and may also be subject to the customs and export laws and regulations of the country in which dell products and services are manufactured and/or in the case of both dell products and services are received. for any authorized resale under this agreement, you acknowledge that it is your sole responsibility to comply with those laws and regulations and you agree to fully abide by those laws and regulations. further, under those laws, dell products and services shipped pursuant to this agreement may not be sold, leased or otherwise transferred to restricted end-users (including those on the u.s. department of commerce, bureau of industry and security "entity list" and other lists of denied parties) or to restricted countries (currently cuba, iran, north korea, sudan, and syria). in addition, the shipped dell products and services may not be sold, leased or otherwise transferred to, or utilized by an end-user engaged in activities related to weapons of mass destruction, including without limitation, activities related to the design, development, production or use of nuclear weapons, materials, or facilities, missiles or the support of missile projects, and chemical or biological weapons. in addition, you agree to indemnify, defend and hold dell harmless from any loss, expense, penalty or claim against dell due to your violation or alleged violation of any such applicable laws and regulations. if purchased dell products and services are resold in violation of the foregoing restrictions, dell shall not be obligated to provide any warranty service or technical support.regulatory compliance.  dell has not tested the products for use in specialized or high-risk applications or hazardous environments, including but not limited to any life-sustaining, chemical, or mission-critical use. dell will not have any liability for any damages arising from the use of the products in any high risk activity, including but not limited to the operation of nuclear facilities, aircraft navigation or communication systems, air traffic control, medical systems, life support, or weapons systems. you are responsible for ensuring continued regulatory compliance, including but not limited to compliance to electrostatic discharge and radiated emissions standards, for any modifications or additions made to the products after the products are shipped from dell. you are also responsible for obtaining any regulatory compliance marks that may be required to ship into locations other than united states and canada.headings.  the section headings used herein are for convenience of reference only and do not form a part of these terms and conditions, and no construction or inference shall be derived there from. if any provision of this agreement is void or unenforceable, the remainder of this agreement will remain in full force and will not be terminated.language.  the parties confirm that it is their wish that this agreement, as well as other documents relating to this agreement, including all notices, have been and will be drawn up in the english language only. les parties aux présentes confirment leur volonté que cette convention, de même que tous les documents, y compris tout avis, qui s'y rattachent, soient rédiges en langue anglaise.audit.  you will maintain accurate and legible records for a period of five years and will grant to dell, or its designee, reasonable access to and copies of, any information reasonably requested by dell with respect to your performance under this agreement.termination.  dell may terminate this agreement for any reason upon written notice to you at the address provided to dell in accordance with the terms of this agreement. this agreement may be terminated by written notice of termination by either party if the other party breaches any of its obligations under this agreement and the breach is not substantially cured within 30 days of receipt of notice of such breach (or, if an effort to cure is being diligently pursued, within such time as is reasonably necessary to complete the cure).purchases by affiliates.  unless otherwise agreed in writing, any affiliate who submits an order to dell shall have thereby agreed to abide by the terms of this agreement. dell, in its sole discretion, may discontinue selling dell products and services to any affiliate or may require additional payment and/or credit conditions for such affiliate. in consideration of dell's agreement to extend credit to your affiliates at the same or similar level as the credit extended to you, you hereby unconditionally guarantee complete and timely payment of any and all amounts due to dell from any affiliate.assignment; subcontracting.  you may not assign this agreement without the prior written consent of dell. dell has the right to subcontract the services provided under this agreement.force majeure.  dell shall not be liable to you for any failure to perform any of its obligations under this agreement during any period in which such performance is delayed by circumstances beyond its reasonable control including, but not limited to, fire, flood, war, embargo, strike, riot or the intervention of any governmental authority (a "force majeure").notices.  to give notice under this agreement, your notice must be in writing and sent by postage prepaid first-class mail, receipted courier service, facsimile telecommunication or electronic mail to the address below. notice to you may be sent to you by postage prepaid first-class mail, receipted courier service, facsimile telecommunication or electronic mail to the address and contact information provided by you to dell in connection with this agreement. dell marketing l.p.attn: mgr contractsone dell wayround rock, tx 78682quotes; orders; payment terms; interest.  payment terms for dell products and services are within dell's sole discretion and shall be set forth at the time of purchase of such dell products and services. you agree not to violate the terms of any offer or concession made available by dell. dell may invoice or ship parts of an order separately. dell reserves the right to cancel an order or transaction, in whole or in part. if you breach the provisions of this agreement or the terms of any offer, dell may charge or re-debit your account or credit card the full list price for your purchase (in lieu of a discounted or special price included in the offer). you agree to pay interest on all past-due sums at the highest rate allowed by law. you hereby grant dell, and dell hereby retains, a purchase money security interest and lien on any and all of your rights, title, and interest in products, wherever located, and all replacements or proceeds of the products, until the invoice for the applicable products is paid in full, including any late charges and costs of collection. you consent to dell's use of this agreement, as well as product invoices, as financing statements for protecting this security interest and appoint dell as your agent for service of process. unless you and dell have agreed to a different discount, dell's standard pricing policy for products, which include both hardware and support services in one discounted price, allocates the discount off list price applicable to the service portion of the system to be equal to the overall calculated percentage discount off list price on the entire system.shipping charges; risk of loss; taxes.  shipping dates provided by dell are estimates only. shipping and handling are additional and will be shown on the invoice(s) or other documentation. loss or damage to products that occurs during shipping by a carrier selected by dell is dell's responsibility. loss or damage that occurs during shipping by a carrier selected by you is your responsibility. unless you provide dell with a valid and correct tax-exemption certificate at the time of purchase, you will be responsible for any and all taxes and fees associated with the order of dell products and services, however designated, except for dell's franchise taxes and taxes on dell's net income.title; insurance.  title to products (except software) passes from dell to you on shipment from dell's facility or third-party manufacturer's facility. title to software will remain with the applicable licensor(s). you will maintain comprehensive general liability, including products liability, insurance in an amount appropriate for your business, but in no event less than $1,000,000.00 (us) with an insurance company having a best rating of a. upon request, you will name dell as an additional insured and provide to dell a certificate of such insurance (including any new or amended certificates of insurance).software; end-user license agreement. products.  all software distributed with products is provided subject to the end-user license agreement that is provided with the product. you agree that you and your end-users will be bound by such license agreement. services.  all software services, online services, hosted solutions, cloud computing services and software-enabled services are provided pursuant to the license agreement and acceptable use policy set forth at www.dell.com/aup.no returns.  all sales are final. neither you nor your customers may return products to dell. if you refuse delivery of products that you ordered, you will be responsible for shipping and handling charges and additional return or restocking fees may apply. order support; other.  if you do not receive an invoice or acknowledgement in the mail or with your dell products and services, information about your purchase may be obtained at www.support.dell.com/dellcare/index.aspx (or in canada at www.dell.ca/support) or by contacting your sales representative. you are obligated to ensure that you transfer the asset/service identification number (e.g. the service tag or asset number) to your end-user that is associated with dell products and services you have purchased for resell in accordance with this agreement. the process to complete such transfer is located at www.support.dell.com, which process may change from time to time. it is your responsibility to ensure compliance with the latest version of the posted process. you acknowledge that your failure to properly transfer the asset/service identification number will result in the end-user's inability to receive services from dell.dell products and services updates.  dell's policy is one of ongoing dell products and services update and revision. dell may revise and discontinue dell products and services at any time without notice to you. dell will ship products and offer services that have the functionality and performance of dell products and services ordered, but changes between what is provided to you and what is described in a specification sheet or catalog are possible.support services parts.  the parts and assemblies used in building products, service parts and spare parts are selected from new, equivalent-to-new, or reconditioned parts and assemblies.your resale of dell services. dell terms & conditions applicable to end-users.  you will only resell services including, without limitation, support services sold with products, to end-users who agree to be bound to dell's commercial terms of sale set forth at www.dell.com/terms("cts"), including all terms and conditions incorporated by reference therein, and all applicable service agreements associated with such services. "service agreements" are service contracts, including, without limitation, "service descriptions" available at www.dell.com/servicecontracts"statements of work", and any other such mutually agreed upon documents. you will incorporate in an enforceable manner the cts and all applicable service agreements into your own agreement with end-users ("end-user reseller agreement"), or where required by dell, enable the cts and all applicable service agreements to be presented directly to end-users prior to their use of services. where dell requires the cts and all applicable service agreements to be presented directly to end-users, the specific implementation and presentation of such terms will be mutually agreed, but at a minimum shall include: (i) direct links to the cts and service agreements in an enforceable manner; (ii) consent/accept provisions; and (iii) continued accessibility by end-users to the cts and service agreements. you will immediately notify dell if you become aware of any end-user's violation of the cts and/or service agreements and any actions you have taken or will take in connection with the violation. at dell's request, you will promptly discontinue further sales and suspend or terminate end-user's access to the services in response to a violation of the cts and/or related service agreements. you acknowledge and agree that dell is a third party beneficiary of the agreement used to engage the end-user with respect to the services and that you shall require the end-user to acknowledge and agree as to such in the end-user reseller agreement. for avoidance of doubt, to ensure compliance with this section, you shall provide the following provision in your end-user reseller agreement (or such other agreement you have with the end-user as it relates to the services): "services being provided to you pursuant to this agreement that are provided by dell marketing, l.p. or one of its worldwide affiliates ("dell"), are being provided to you in accordance with the terms and conditions of dell's commercial terms of sale ("cts") and any and all applicable service descriptions set forth at www.dell.com/servicecontracts (the "dell website") or otherwise provided to you in connection with the services to be provided (collectively, "dell service agreements"). you hereby acknowledge and agree to be bound by the terms set forth therein and that dell is a third party beneficiary to this agreement. you further acknowledge and agree that (i) the cts and any or all dell service agreements may be amended from time to time; (ii) you will monitor the dell website for amendments to the cts and dell service agreements; (iii) the posting of any amendments to the cts and dell service agreements on the dell website constitutes adequate notice of any such amendments; and (iv) your continued use of any services provided by dell after any such amendments to the cts and/or dell service agreements manifests your consent to such amendments." to ensure compliance with the terms of this agreement, dell reserves the right to audit your agreements with end-users. such audit shall take place during normal business hours upon seven days prior written notice. internal use.  if you use or otherwise are the recipient of services, including, without limitation, support services sold with products, in any manner in connection with your resale of services, such as serving as a managed service provider or participating in the delivery or deployment of services to your customers, such use shall be governed by the cts and all applicable service agreements.updates.  dell reserves the right to update the cts and service agreements at any time and from time-to-time, effective upon posting of an updated version to the dell website, in the case of the cts, available at www.dell.com/terms, and, in the case of the service agreements, available at www.dell.com/servicecontracts. you are responsible for regularly reviewing the cts and service agreements. you should closely monitor the revision date/version number on the cts and service agreements and any change of its posted date/version number shall be deemed notice to you that the cts and/or service agreement, as applicable, has been changed or amended. continued resale or use of services after any such changes shall constitute your consent to such changes.dell enforcement.  dell reserves the right, in its sole discretion, to suspend or terminate any end-user in response to a violation or suspected violation of the cts or terms and conditions incorporated by reference therein, including, without limitation, any service agreement.dell access to end-user usage data. "end-user usage data" means data or information collected or received by dell relating to an end-user's use of the service, including preferences, images, files and documents. dell reserves the right to access, preserve, or disclose end-user usage data if required to do so by law or in a good faith belief that such access, preservation or disclosure is reasonably necessary to: (i) comply with legal process; (ii) enforce the cts; (iii) respond to claims that any end-user usage data violates the rights of third parties; (iv) respond to your or your end-users' requests for technical support; or (v) protect the rights, property or personal safety of dell, its users and the public.(rev 101210) shopsolutionsservicessystemssoftware & peripheralssupporthome userssmall businessesenterprise itcommunityjoin the discussionshare your ideasread our blogratings & reviewscommunity homecompany informationabout dellcorporate responsibilitycareersinvestorsnewsroommy accountsign-in / registerorder status laptops | desktops | business laptops | business desktops | workstations | servers | storage | services | monitors | printers | lcd tvs | electronics | top searches© 2010 dell | about dell | terms of sale | unresolved issues | privacy | about our ads | dell recycling | contact | site map | feedbackat | au | be | br | ca | ch | cl | cn | co | de | dk | es | fr | hk | ie | in | it | jp | kr | me | mx | my | nl | no | pa | pr | ru | se | sg | uk | ve | all large text snww22