来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20141230132704/http://www.dell.com/learn/us/en/uscorp1/policies-privacy
================================================================================

privacy statement | dell sign inbuy online or call 1-800-www-dell shop support community | legal & regulatory compliance policies privacy privacy statement skip to primary content privacy skip to primary content privacy statement regarding customer and online user informationthe privacy statement regarding customer and online user information applies to dell inc. and its worldwide corporate affiliates ("we" or "our"), but not to those dell corporate affiliates that have published their own privacy and security statements. this privacy statement also does not apply to the websites of our business partners or to any other third parties, even if their websites are linked to our website. we recommend you review the privacy statements of the other parties with whom you interact.this privacy statement governs personal information we collect from our customers and online from our website users ("you"), through dell products, services, software, websites, contacts or our relationship with you. please refer to your warranty statements and dell's return policy for policies that apply to information contained on hard drives returned to dell.for the purposes of this privacy statement, "corporate affiliates" means any entity or joint venture that is wholly or partially owned or controlled by dell inc. "business partners" means any subcontractor, vendor or other entity with whom we have an ongoing business relationship to provide products, services or information. "personal information" means information that identifies you, such as your name, telephone number and email address.information we collecteu and swiss safe harborhow we use personal informationdisclosing personal informationhow we can access your informationselecting your information preferencescollection and use of children's personal informationhow we and our partners use cookies and web beaconsthird-party websites and serviceschanges to our privacy statement regarding customer and online user informationcontacting uscountry specific privacyinformation we collectwe may ask you to provide personal information when you • use our website;• request quotes, services, support or information;• place orders for products or services;• apply for credit card or financing;• participate in surveys, sweepstakes or other promotional activities;• subscribe to newsletters, promotional emails or other materials;• apply for a job, submit your resume/cv or create a candidate profile; or• contact us.information we may request includes your email address, name, home address and telephone number. if you make a purchase, we may ask for your credit card number and billing information. we may also ask for your social security number and other data to process your credit or financing request. job applicants may be requested to provide information such as educational background, employment experience and job interest. we may also collect demographic information, such as your business or company information, age, gender, interests, preferences and favorites. forms that you may fill in will indicate whether information requested is mandatory or voluntary.we may collect information about your visits to our websites, including the pages you view, the links and ads you click, search terms you enter, and other actions you take in connection with the dell websites and services. we may also collect certain information from the browser you used to come to our website, such as your internet protocol (ip) address, browser type and language, access times, the uniform resource locator (url) of the website that referred you to our website and to which url you browse away from our site if you click on a link on our site.in order to offer you a more consistent and personalized experience in your interactions with dell, information collected through one source may be combined with information obtained through other dell resources. we may also supplement the information we collect with information obtained from other parties.some dell services may be co-branded and offered in conjunction with another company. if you register for or use such services, both dell and the other company may receive information collected in conjunction with the co-branded services, and may use the information according to each company's privacy statement and other agreements with you.eu and swiss safe harborin addition to dell’s other data protection measures, dell cloud clinical archive (dcca) services comply with the u.s. – e.u. safe harbor framework and the u.s. - swiss safe harbor framework as set forth by the u.s. department of commerce regarding the collection, use and retention of personal data from european union member countries. for provision of dcca services to its clients, dell has certified that it adheres to the safe harbor privacy principles of notice, choice, onward transfer, security, data integrity, access, and enforcement. truste provides localized dispute resolution of consumer complaints about online data collection as required for safe harbor status. should you have any questions about dcca’s safe harbor status, please contact us at privacy@dell.com. if you are not satisfied with our response, you can contact truste here. to learn more about the safe harbor program, and to view the dell clinical cloud archive services certification, please visit www.export.gov/safeharbor.how we use personal informationdell uses your personal information to: deliver the services and support, or carry out, the transactions you have requested; send communications to you, such as product safety information, your transactions status (for example, order confirmations), information about products and services available from dell and its corporate affiliates, promotional offers and surveys; customize, analyze and improve our products, services (including the content and advertisements on our website), technologies, communications and relationship with you; enforce our conditions of sale, website terms and/or separate contracts (if applicable) with you; prevent fraud and other prohibited or illegal activities; protect the security or integrity of the website, our business, or our products or services; or otherwise, as disclosed to you at the point of collection.personal information collected may be stored and processed in the united states or any other country in which dell or its corporate affiliates, subsidiaries or agents maintain facilities, and by using dell products and services (including our website), you consent to any such transfer of information outside of your country. disclosing personal informationwe may share your personal information with corporate affiliates to carry out transactions you request, or to make our business or that of our corporate affiliates more responsive to your needs, which includes our corporate affiliates providing you with information about dell, and dell-branded products and services.  we may also disclose your personal information in connection with law enforcement, fraud prevention or other legal action; as required by law or regulation; or if dell reasonably believes it is necessary to protect dell, its customers or the public.in addition, we may share your personal information to carry out transactions you request with business partners that help dell or our corporate affiliates to customize, analyze and/or improve our communication or relationship with you.  this may include requests relating to dell and dell-branded products or services. we will only share your information with business partners who share dell's commitment to protecting your personal information. except as described above, we will not disclose your personal information to third parties for their own marketing purposes unless you have provided consent.how you can access your informationdell wants to help you keep your personal information accurate. to view or edit your personal information that has been stored online in your dell 'my account,' please visit the my account/premier account sections of the dell.com website. for the security of your account, you will be required to sign in with your login id and password.selecting your communication preferencesyou may choose to receive or not receive marketing communications from dell by indicating your preferences. opportunities to select your preferences include the following: the my account/premier account sections on dell.com allow you to choose whether you wish to receive marketing communications from dell.com, and to subscribe or unsubscribe to newsletters about our products and services; and at any point you can also visit our list removal page and request to be removed from our advertising and marketing lists (catalogs, telephone, faxes and email); at the time you save a cart while shopping online, you can choose to receive email reminders; any marketing by dell, or any third parties on behalf of dell, will be conducted in accordance with applicable laws.please allow up to 10 business days for your email preferences to take effect. because some promotions, such as direct mail catalogs, are developed in advance, you may sometimes receive solicitations after we receive your preference request.collection and use of children's personal informationdell takes children's privacy seriously. we do not knowingly collect personal information from children under the age of 13 through our websites. if you are under 18 years of age, please do not submit any personal information through our websites without the express consent and participation of a parent or guardian. how we and our partners use cookies and web beaconshow we and our partners use cookiesdell websites use dell and third party "cookies" to enable you to sign in to our services and to help personalize your online experience. a cookie is a piece of text that is placed on your computer's hard drive. depending on the settings you have selected, your browser adds the text to your device as a small file. you can change the browser settings as described below; many browsers are set to accept cookies by default. we use cookies to store your preferences and other information on your computer in order to save you time by eliminating the need to enter the same information repeatedly.targeted display advertising by dell and othersdell also works with third party advertising and personalization partners that use cookies to help us display personalized content and appropriate advertising during your visits to dell.com and other websites. cookies placed by our third party partners also assist us with measuring the performance of our advertising campaigns.similarly, third parties use cookies to deliver advertising for companies other than dell to you on the internet, whether you are on dell.com or another website, based on your visits to dell.com and other websites and to measure the effectiveness of those advertising campaigns. these cookies assist the third parties in identifying the pages you view, the links and ads you click on, other actions you take on those web pages, and the site from which you came before arriving at a web page.learn more about targeted advertising and how to opt out.“do not track” signalsplease note that while you may have the opportunity to opt-out of targeted advertising through the “learn more” link above and you may be able to control the use of cookies through your web browser as described in the “how we and our partners use cookies” section above, some web browsers may give you the ability to enable a “do not track” setting that sends a special signal to the websites you encounter while web browsing. this is different from disabling certain forms of tracking by declining cookies in your browser settings, as browsers with the “do not track” setting enabled still have the ability to accept cookies. dell does not respond to web browser “do not track” signals at this time. if we do so in the future, we will describe how we do so in this privacy statement. for more information about do not track, visit www.allaboutdnt.org. targeted email marketing by dellsome marketing you receive, including email marketing, may also be personalized based on your visits to dell.com and your browsing and purchase history. in addition, when you click on some links in email marketing you receive, our email service provider may place a cookie on your browser. this cookie would be linked to your email address and used to gather information about the products and services you view and purchase on dell.com. information gathered may be used to personalize and customize future email marketing messages you receive. you may opt out of this use by clicking on the unsubscribe link provided in every personalized email marketing message you receive.you have the ability to accept or decline cookies. most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. if you choose to decline cookies, you may not be able to sign in or use other interactive features of dell websites and services that depend on cookies.how we and our partners use web beaconsdell or third parties with whom we have contracted or sub contracted, may use web beacons on our website, in our emails, in our advertisements on other websites, or in our advertisements in others' emails. similarly, third parties whose content or ads appear at dell.com, or whose emails dell.com sends to our users, may also place web beacons in their ads or emails for purposes of measuring the effectiveness of the content, ads or email.a web beacon is an electronic image that can be used to recognize a cookie on your computer when you view a web page or email. web beacons help us measure the effectiveness of our website and our advertising in various ways. for example, web beacons may count the number of individuals who visit our website from a particular advertisement or who make a purchase from our website after viewing a particular advertisement or they may tell us when a web page is viewed and provide a description of the page where the web beacon is placed. web beacons may also measure the effectiveness of our email campaigns, by counting the number of individuals who open or act upon an email message, determining when an email message is opened and determining how many times an email message is forwarded.the information we collect through web beacons may include some limited personal information, and web beacons allow us to recognize users by accessing dell cookies. we may also combine the information that we collect through web beacons with other personal information we have collected from you. we use all of this information to better tailor our marketing to you and may use this information for other purposes, such as to enable a shopping cart, customize content on our website and undertake internal research.we prohibit web beacons on our sites from being used by third parties to access your personal information. we may allow third parties to compile individual information or aggregated statistics from the use of web beacons on dell.com by dell, its agents or others, to enable such third parties to determine the effectiveness of online marketing and to allow such third parties to develop statistics on how often clicking on an advertisement results in a purchase or other action on the advertiser's site. aggregate information is anonymous and may include demographic and usage information. no personally identifiable information about you is shared with partners for this research. you can make some web beacons unusable by rejecting cookies.third-party websites and servicesplease be aware that other websites that may be accessed through our website may collect personally identifiable information about you. the information practices of those third-party websites linked to dell.com are not covered by this privacy statement. we generally use the "" symbol to mark links that go to third party sites.please be aware that, in providing services on dell's behalf, our business partners may collect personal information about you. changes to our privacy statement regarding customer and online user informationwe will occasionally update this privacy statement. if we make changes to the privacy statement regarding customer and online user information or make any material changes to how dell will use your personal information, we will revise the privacy statement to reflect such changes and revise the statement's effective date, included at the end of this section. we encourage you to periodically review this statement to be informed of how dell is protecting your personal information.contacting usif you would like to contact us for any reason regarding our privacy practices, please write to us at the following address:dell inc.attention: privacyone dell wayround rock, texas 78682usayou may also email us at privacy@dell.com.privacy statement regarding customer and online user information effective date: may 16, 2014. do more with dellemployee and student discounts partnerdirect the power to do more dell outlet techcenter make a payment companyinvestors about dell corporate responsibility customer engagement careers newsroom legalads & emails privacy statement legal & regulatory terms of sale trademarks communitythe dell community read our blog discussion forums events © 2014 dell terms of sale unresolved issues privacy ads & emails contact site map feedback