来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20160922193704/http://www.dell.com/en-us/work/learn/large-enterprise-solutions
================================================================================

solutions & services | dell search sign in sign out my account place orders quickly and easily view orders and track your shipping status enjoy members-only rewards and discounts sign in create an account premier sign in partnerdirect sign in account settings order status my products dell preferred account dell advantage rewards premier sign in partnerdirect sign in sign out cart ( ): subtotal: go to cart collect multiple orders to share and save for later products view all products laptops view all laptops laptop deals latitude laptops inspiron laptops xps laptops dell chromebook pc accessories parts & upgrades desktops & all-in-one pcs view all desktops & all-in-ones desktop deals optiplex desktops inspiron desktops xps desktops dell chromebox pc accessories parts & upgrades tablets & 2-in-1 pcs view all tablets & 2-in-1 pcs venue tablets 2-in-1 pcs tablet accessories workstations view all workstations workstation deals mobile workstations tower workstations rack workstations thin clients view all thin clients wyse thin clients software servers & storage view all servers & storage server deals small business solutions servers storage data center infrastructure enterprise software client systems management dell emc products networking view all networking business & enterprise network hardware switches routers & wireless networking sonicwall network & data security monitors view all monitors ultrasharp p models e models ultra hd 4k & 5k touch screen monitor accessories printers & ink view all printers & ink ink and toner selector multi-function color printers multi-function b&w printers single-function b&w printers 3d printers software view all software business & enterprise software personal & office software electronics & accessories view all electronics & accessories computer accessories docking stations enterprise & server accessories networking projectors storage & media tvs & commercial displays audio gateways & embedded pcs solutions & services view all solutions & services industries education energy federal government financial services healthcare manufacturing original equipment manufacturers retail state & local government telecommunications, media & entertainment web development dell services view all dell services application services business process outsourcing digital business services it consulting it support & lifecycle services managed services support services for home support services for business training services big data cloud data center end user internet of things mobile security dell emc solutions view all dell emc solutions all-flash converged infrastructure support view all support support by product support library order support warranty and support services support services for home support services for business parts contact us deals desktop deals laptop deals workstation deals server deals electronic deals dell outlet view all financing promotions coupons dell advantage rewards sign up for e-mail deals solutions & services dell solutions powered by intel® learn more solutions & services solutions & services news & insights what we do by industry customer stories #1 in everything, in one placeall your enterprise it solutions have come together in the largest tech merger in history. modernize your enterprise with dell servicesthe latest insights can help your organization realize the full potential of a modernized enterprise. big data analytics are revolutionizing business.give your company the competitive edge with predictive analytics. #1 in it, in one placedell emc is now the #1 infrastructure provider. #1 in everything, in one placeall your enterprise it solutions have come together in the largest tech merger in history. modernize your enterprise with dell servicesthe latest insights can help your organization realize the full potential of a modernized enterprise. big data analytics are revolutionizing business.give your company the competitive edge with predictive analytics. #1 in it, in one placedell emc is now the #1 infrastructure provider. #1 in everything, in one placeall your enterprise it solutions have come together in the largest tech merger in history. modernize your enterprise with dell servicesthe latest insights can help your organization realize the full potential of a modernized enterprise. big data analytics are revolutionizing business.give your company the competitive edge with predictive analytics. #1 in it, in one placedell emc is now the #1 infrastructure provider. what we do: dell solutions & services organizations around the world choose dell solutions and services to help them achieve unique business goals, improve competitiveness and better serve customers. what we do: dell solutions & services organizations around the world choose dell solutions and services to help them achieve unique business goals, improve competitiveness and better serve customers. application services your business is built on applications. begin the journey to application transformation using the approach that works best for you. big data & analytics turn your data into business insights — fast — by streamlining the big data collection and analysis process. business process outsourcing transform business processes across areas including revenue cycle, claims adjudication and technology processes and be more competitive. cloud improve your service levels, increase business agility and reduce it simultaneously with on-demand compute capacity. data center leverage future-ready technology for servers, storage, networking, systems management and software offerings. digital business services adopt digital and transformative technologies across your enterprise, including analytics, mobile, social media and cloud. end user enable workforce productivity and collaboration with integrated hardware, software, and services. internet of things reduce the complexity, lower the risk and increase the speed of deploying iot initiatives with dell’s pragmatic approach and comprehensive solutions portfolio.​ it support & lifecycle services optimize your it lifecycles with expert consulting, deployment, training, and automated, proactive support services from dell. mobile boost user productivity and secure data and devices without introducing excessive it burdens. security protect your intellectual property and critical assets from endpoint to data center to cloud and achieve your most stringent compliance requirements. training train your it professionals and end users to manage, monitor, and maintain your technology solutions. application services your business is built on applications. begin the journey to application transformation using the approach that works best for you. big data & analytics turn your data into business insights — fast — by streamlining the big data collection and analysis process. business process outsourcing transform business processes across areas including revenue cycle, claims adjudication and technology processes and be more competitive. cloud improve your service levels, increase business agility and reduce it simultaneously with on-demand compute capacity. data center leverage future-ready technology for servers, storage, networking, systems management and software offerings. digital business services adopt digital and transformative technologies across your enterprise, including analytics, mobile, social media and cloud. end user enable workforce productivity and collaboration with integrated hardware, software, and services. internet of things reduce the complexity, lower the risk and increase the speed of deploying iot initiatives with dell’s pragmatic approach and comprehensive solutions portfolio.​ it support & lifecycle services optimize your it lifecycles with expert consulting, deployment, training, and automated, proactive support services from dell. mobile boost user productivity and secure data and devices without introducing excessive it burdens. security protect your intellectual property and critical assets from endpoint to data center to cloud and achieve your most stringent compliance requirements. training train your it professionals and end users to manage, monitor, and maintain your technology solutions. application services your business is built on applications. begin the journey to application transformation using the approach that works best for you. big data & analytics turn your data into business insights — fast — by streamlining the big data collection and analysis process. business process outsourcing transform business processes across areas including revenue cycle, claims adjudication and technology processes and be more competitive. cloud improve your service levels, increase business agility and reduce it simultaneously with on-demand compute capacity. data center leverage future-ready technology for servers, storage, networking, systems management and software offerings. digital business services adopt digital and transformative technologies across your enterprise, including analytics, mobile, social media and cloud. end user enable workforce productivity and collaboration with integrated hardware, software, and services. internet of things reduce the complexity, lower the risk and increase the speed of deploying iot initiatives with dell’s pragmatic approach and comprehensive solutions portfolio.​ it support & lifecycle services optimize your it lifecycles with expert consulting, deployment, training, and automated, proactive support services from dell. mobile boost user productivity and secure data and devices without introducing excessive it burdens. security protect your intellectual property and critical assets from endpoint to data center to cloud and achieve your most stringent compliance requirements. training train your it professionals and end users to manage, monitor, and maintain your technology solutions. solutions by industry dell can help take your organization to new heights with specialized solutions grounded in deep industry expertise that align with your distinct challenges. solutions by industry dell can help take your organization to new heights with specialized solutions grounded in deep industry expertise that align with your distinct challenges. education create a personalized, collaborative learning environment and improve outcomes with innovative consulting and technology solutions. energy get the right it solutions to transform and refine your business processes so you can make energy-smart decisions fast. financial services new business models and technologies allow you to connect with customers and adapt in today’s complex and unpredictable economic environment. government transform for the future with proven strategies and government-focused solutions that ultimately benefit and protect the citizens you serve. healthcare create information-driven healthcare and accelerate innovation with dell healthcare technology solutions. manufacturing deploy manufacturing solutions for cost savings and performance improvements, and align your operations with customers and suppliers. retail build a next-generation retail experience across all channels with end-to-end it solutions. original equipment manufacturers power your intellectual property (ip) and accelerate your time-to-market by leveraging the expertise and technology of dell oem solutions. telecommunications, media & entertainment innovate your it quickly and profitably by managing the present and future states of big data through cost-effective, open-standards solutions. web development focus on innovation, not infrastructure, with web development solutions designed for internet companies, scale-out architectures, cloud and big data. education create a personalized, collaborative learning environment and improve outcomes with innovative consulting and technology solutions. energy get the right it solutions to transform and refine your business processes so you can make energy-smart decisions fast. financial services new business models and technologies allow you to connect with customers and adapt in today’s complex and unpredictable economic environment. government transform for the future with proven strategies and government-focused solutions that ultimately benefit and protect the citizens you serve. healthcare create information-driven healthcare and accelerate innovation with dell healthcare technology solutions. manufacturing deploy manufacturing solutions for cost savings and performance improvements, and align your operations with customers and suppliers. retail build a next-generation retail experience across all channels with end-to-end it solutions. original equipment manufacturers power your intellectual property (ip) and accelerate your time-to-market by leveraging the expertise and technology of dell oem solutions. telecommunications, media & entertainment innovate your it quickly and profitably by managing the present and future states of big data through cost-effective, open-standards solutions. web development focus on innovation, not infrastructure, with web development solutions designed for internet companies, scale-out architectures, cloud and big data. education create a personalized, collaborative learning environment and improve outcomes with innovative consulting and technology solutions. energy get the right it solutions to transform and refine your business processes so you can make energy-smart decisions fast. financial services new business models and technologies allow you to connect with customers and adapt in today’s complex and unpredictable economic environment. government transform for the future with proven strategies and government-focused solutions that ultimately benefit and protect the citizens you serve. healthcare create information-driven healthcare and accelerate innovation with dell healthcare technology solutions. manufacturing deploy manufacturing solutions for cost savings and performance improvements, and align your operations with customers and suppliers. retail build a next-generation retail experience across all channels with end-to-end it solutions. original equipment manufacturers power your intellectual property (ip) and accelerate your time-to-market by leveraging the expertise and technology of dell oem solutions. telecommunications, media & entertainment innovate your it quickly and profitably by managing the present and future states of big data through cost-effective, open-standards solutions. web development focus on innovation, not infrastructure, with web development solutions designed for internet companies, scale-out architectures, cloud and big data. back customer stories staples gains brand insight with social media services. poweredge-based super computer helps tulane modernize and innovate. orion health needed a firewall that could protect its data and keep up with its rapid expansion. why be proactive? for city of mckinney, texas, it can be the difference between life and death. converged solutions enable trico corp. to cut space requirements by 90 percent.. wetteronline grows its business through virtualization. view all customer stories learn how dell solutions are helping businesses and public-sector organizations become more efficient than ever. view all customer stories staples gains brand insight with social media services. poweredge-based super computer helps tulane modernize and innovate. orion health needed a firewall that could protect its data and keep up with its rapid expansion. why be proactive? for city of mckinney, texas, it can be the difference between life and death. converged solutions enable trico corp. to cut space requirements by 90 percent.. wetteronline grows its business through virtualization. learn how dell solutions are helping businesses and public-sector organizations become more efficient than ever. view all customer stories staples gains brand insight with social media services. poweredge-based super computer helps tulane modernize and innovate. orion health needed a firewall that could protect its data and keep up with its rapid expansion. why be proactive? for city of mckinney, texas, it can be the difference between life and death. converged solutions enable trico corp. to cut space requirements by 90 percent.. wetteronline grows its business through virtualization. back related items #1 in enterprise it all-flash, converged, cloud, big data ― dell emc is now the #1 infrastructure provider. dell world 2016 digital transformation is changing our world – are you future-ready? discover more october 18 - 20 in austin, texas. dell services accelerate innovation with a comprehensive suite of services in applications, business process, consulting, infrastructure, cloud and digital services. servers, storage & networking products address your enterprise challenges with end-to-end server, storage and networking products — and transform your data center into a responsive it environment. dell tech center connect with developers and other users to discuss the latest technologies, find answers to your technical questions and read about a wide variety of enterprise it topics. enterprise & business software whether it’s a cloud, physical or virtual environment – or a combination – dell software delivers integrated, end-to-end solutions that simplify it management, so you get the most from your workday. network security secure your network without impacting productivity with help from dell software. dell solutions keeps your critical data safe from malware, viruses and other threats – without breaking your budget. dell events find dell events near you. #1 in enterprise it all-flash, converged, cloud, big data ― dell emc is now the #1 infrastructure provider. dell world 2016 digital transformation is changing our world – are you future-ready? discover more october 18 - 20 in austin, texas. dell services accelerate innovation with a comprehensive suite of services in applications, business process, consulting, infrastructure, cloud and digital services. servers, storage & networking products address your enterprise challenges with end-to-end server, storage and networking products — and transform your data center into a responsive it environment. dell tech center connect with developers and other users to discuss the latest technologies, find answers to your technical questions and read about a wide variety of enterprise it topics. enterprise & business software whether it’s a cloud, physical or virtual environment – or a combination – dell software delivers integrated, end-to-end solutions that simplify it management, so you get the most from your workday. network security secure your network without impacting productivity with help from dell software. dell solutions keeps your critical data safe from malware, viruses and other threats – without breaking your budget. dell events find dell events near you. #1 in enterprise it all-flash, converged, cloud, big data ― dell emc is now the #1 infrastructure provider. dell world 2016 digital transformation is changing our world – are you future-ready? discover more october 18 - 20 in austin, texas. dell services accelerate innovation with a comprehensive suite of services in applications, business process, consulting, infrastructure, cloud and digital services. servers, storage & networking products address your enterprise challenges with end-to-end server, storage and networking products — and transform your data center into a responsive it environment. dell tech center connect with developers and other users to discuss the latest technologies, find answers to your technical questions and read about a wide variety of enterprise it topics. enterprise & business software whether it’s a cloud, physical or virtual environment – or a combination – dell software delivers integrated, end-to-end solutions that simplify it management, so you get the most from your workday. network security secure your network without impacting productivity with help from dell software. dell solutions keeps your critical data safe from malware, viruses and other threats – without breaking your budget. dell events find dell events near you. dell solutions powered by intel® learn more fast. easy. financing.^ update your technology with great financing offers from dell business credit.^ dell advantage loyalty rewards join for free to get 2nd business day shipping & 5% back in rewards.* free shipping & easy returns enjoy free shipping and no-hassle returns. it's shopping made simple.​ about dell careers community events partnerdirect premier dell technologies united states africa albania algeria angola anguilla antigua & barbuda argentina armenia aruba asia pacific australia austria azerbaijan bahamas bahrain barbados belarus belgium belize benin bermuda bolivia bosnia-herzegovina botswana brazil british virgin islands bulgaria burkina faso burundi cameroon canada cape verde cayman islands central african republic chad chile china cis colombia comoros congo costa rica croatia cyprus czech republic democratic republic of the congo denmark djibouti dominica dominican republic ecuador egypt el salvador equatorial guinea estonia ethiopia finland france french guiana french overseas territories french polynesia gabon gambia georgia germany ghana greece grenada guadeloupe guatemala guinea guyana haiti honduras hong kong hungary iceland india indonesia iraq ireland israel italy ivory coast jamaica japan jordan kazakhstan kenya korea kuwait kyrgyzstan latin america & caribbean latvia lebanon lesotho liberia libya lithuania luxembourg macedonia madagascar malawi malaysia mali malta martinique mauritania mauritius mayotte mexico middle east moldova montenegro montserrat morocco mozambique namibia netherlands netherlands antilles/curaçao new caledonia new zealand nicaragua niger nigeria norway oman pakistan panama paraguay peru philippines poland portugal puerto rico qatar reunion romania russia rwanda saudi arabia senegal serbia seychelles sierra leone singapore slovakia slovenia somalia south africa spain st. kitts & nevis st. lucia st. vincent & grenadines suriname swaziland sweden switzerland taiwan tajikistan tanzania thailand togo trinidad & tobago tunisia turkey turkmenistan turks & caicos islands uganda ukraine united arab emirates united kingdom united states uruguay us virgin islands uzbekistan venezuela vietnam yemen zambia zimbabwe about dell careers community events partnerdirect premier dell technologies united states africa albania algeria angola anguilla antigua & barbuda argentina armenia aruba asia pacific australia austria azerbaijan bahamas bahrain barbados belarus belgium belize benin bermuda bolivia bosnia-herzegovina botswana brazil british virgin islands bulgaria burkina faso burundi cameroon canada cape verde cayman islands central african republic chad chile china cis colombia comoros congo costa rica croatia cyprus czech republic democratic republic of the congo denmark djibouti dominica dominican republic ecuador egypt el salvador equatorial guinea estonia ethiopia finland france french guiana french overseas territories french polynesia gabon gambia georgia germany ghana greece grenada guadeloupe guatemala guinea guyana haiti honduras hong kong hungary iceland india indonesia iraq ireland israel italy ivory coast jamaica japan jordan kazakhstan kenya korea kuwait kyrgyzstan latin america & caribbean latvia lebanon lesotho liberia libya lithuania luxembourg macedonia madagascar malawi malaysia mali malta martinique mauritania mauritius mayotte mexico middle east moldova montenegro montserrat morocco mozambique namibia netherlands netherlands antilles/curaçao new caledonia new zealand nicaragua niger nigeria norway oman pakistan panama paraguay peru philippines poland portugal puerto rico qatar reunion romania russia rwanda saudi arabia senegal serbia seychelles sierra leone singapore slovakia slovenia somalia south africa spain st. kitts & nevis st. lucia st. vincent & grenadines suriname swaziland sweden switzerland taiwan tajikistan tanzania thailand togo trinidad & tobago tunisia turkey turkmenistan turks & caicos islands uganda ukraine united arab emirates united kingdom united states uruguay us virgin islands uzbekistan venezuela vietnam yemen zambia zimbabwe © 2016 dell terms of sale privacy statement ads & emails legal & regulatory corporate social responsibility contact feedback ^dell business credit: offer varies by creditworthiness as determined by lender. offered by webbank to small and medium business customers with approved credit. taxes, shipping and other charges are extra and vary. minimum monthly payments are the greater of $15 or 3% of account balance.ultrabook, celeron, celeron inside, core inside, intel, intel logo, intel atom, intel atom inside, intel core, intel inside, intel inside logo, intel vpro, itanium, itanium inside, pentium, pentium inside, vpro inside, xeon, xeon phi, and xeon inside are trademarks of intel corporation in the u.s. and/or other countries.offers subject to change, not combinable with all other offers. taxes, shipping, handling and other fees apply. u.s. dell home new purchases only. dell reserves the right to cancel orders arising from pricing or other errors.*promotional egift card: arrives separately form purchase, typically in 10-20 days from ship date via email; expires in 90 days (except where prohibited by law). terms and conditions apply. see www.dell.com/giftcard/promoterms.*rewards are provided in the form of a promotional code that arrives separately from purchase via email 10-20 days after ship date; code expires in 90 days (except where prohibited by law). up to 10% rewards only on purchase amounts using dell business credit. 5% back in rewards valid on all other purchases. bose products only eligible for 5% rewards. any balance remaining on your purchase after dell advantage rewards are applied may not be paid with dbc and instead a separate form of payment must be used. refurbished and/or used purchases do not qualify for rewards. expedited shipping not available on tvs 40” or larger and 55” dell branded monitors. other exceptions apply. see dell.com/rewardterms.80% faster deployment: as compared with cisco in the april 2015 principled technologies report sponsored by dell, ”manage infrastructure and deploy services with ease using dell active system manager."lower tco: tco calculated over 5 years and applies to specific workloads. source: “cloud comparison: microsoft private cloud on the intel-powered dell solution vs. a leading public cloud provider,” a principled technologies report commissioned by dell, august 2014. actual results will vary.intel, the intel logo, xeon, and xeon inside are trademarks or registered trademarks of intel corporation in the u.s.and/or other countries. contact us need help? we're here for you. × contact a dell solutions expert call 1-800-456-3355 dell solutions powered by intel®