来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20170901150716/http://www.dell.com/en-us/work/learn/large-enterprise-solutions/healthcare?~ck=mn
================================================================================

healthcare & life sciences | dell united states search sign in sign out my account place orders quickly and easily view orders and track your shipping status enjoy members-only rewards and discounts create and access a list of your products sign in create an account premier sign in partner program sign in account settings order status my products dell financial services dell advantage rewards premier sign in partner program sign in sign out cart ( ): subtotal: go to cart collect multiple orders to share and save for later products view all products laptops view all laptops latitude laptops mobile workstations inspiron laptops xps laptops dell chromebook parts & upgrades desktops & all-in-one pcs view all desktops & all-in-ones optiplex desktops tower workstations inspiron desktops xps desktops parts & upgrades tablets & 2-in-1 laptops view all tablets & 2-in-1 laptops xps 2-in-1 laptops view all xps 2-in-1 laptops xps 13 2-in-1 latitude 2-in-1 laptops view all latitude 2-in-1 laptops new latitude 3189 2-in-1 new latitude 12 5285 2-in-1 new latitude 12 5289 2-in-1 latitude 12 7000 2-in-1 new latitude 12 7000 2-in-1 latitude 12 rugged tablet latitude 13 3000 2-in-1 inspiron 2-in-1 laptops view all inspiron 2-in-1 laptops inspiron 11 3000 2-in-1 inspiron 13 5000 2-in-1 inspiron 15 5000 2-in-1 inspiron 13 7000 2-in-1 inspiron 15 7000 2-in-1 inspiron 17 7000 2-in-1 dell chromebook 2-in-1 laptops view all dell chromebook 2-in-1 laptops new chromebook 11 3189 2-in-1 tablet accessories workstations view all workstations mobile workstations view all mobile workstations dell precision 3510 new dell precision 3520 dell precision 5510 new dell precision 5520 dell precision 7510 new dell precision 7520 dell precision 7710 new dell precision 7720 tower workstations view all tower workstations dell precision tower 3000 series (3420, 3620) dell precision 5720 all-in-one dell precision tower 5000 series (5810) dell precision tower 7810 workstation dell precision tower 7000 series (7910) rack workstations view all rack workstations dell precision rack 7000 series (7910) thin clients view all thin clients wyse thin clients software servers & storage view all servers & storage small business solutions servers view all servers poweredge tower servers poweredge rack servers modular infrastructure server management software data center infrastructure racks & accessories storage view all storage server jbod expansion backup and recovery and data protection software-defined storage general-purpose disk arrays hyper-converged infrastructure parts & upgrades enterprise & server accessories dell emc products networking view all networking switches routers & wireless networking sonicwall network & data security monitors view all monitors ultrasharp p models e models medical monitors touch screen ultra hd 4k monitor accessories mounting solutions printers, ink & toner view all printers, ink & toner ink & toner selector color laser black & white laser inkjet 3d printers filament printer accessories software view all software office & productivity tax & accounting anti-virus & security photo, video & graphics operating systems migration & backup downloadable software dell digital locker electronics & accessories view all electronics & accessories cameras, photo & video docking stations enterprise & server accessories view all enterprise & server accessories racks & accessories ups & battery backup power distribution sonicwall & spyware detection surge protection hard drives & storage view all hard drives & storage external hard drives internal hard drives & ssds personal cloud & nas pc & tablet accessories view all pc & tablet accessories audio bags & carrying cases batteries & adapters cables & adapters keyboards & mice projectors replacement parts & upgrades view all replacement parts & upgrades battery & adapter selector hard drives & storage ink & toner selector memory selector pc & tablet accessories video cards routers & networking view all routers & networking wifi adapters routers & range extenders cameras, safety & security managed switches smart office technology tvs & commercial displays gateways & embedded pcs solutions & services view all solutions & services industries education energy federal government financial services healthcare manufacturing original equipment manufacturers retail state & local government telecommunications, media & entertainment web development services view all services it consulting deployment services support services for business asset resale & recycling financing & leasing application services managed services support services for home big data cloud data center end user internet of things mobile security training & certification dell emc solutions view all dell emc solutions all-flash converged infrastructure support view all support diagnostics drivers & downloads warranty manuals support library order support community retail registration ownership transfer contact us deals desktop deals laptop deals workstation deals server deals electronics & accessories deals view all electronics & accessories deals audio deals bag & carrying case deals monitor deals networking & smart office deals pc accessories deals printer, ink & toner deals software deals storage deals tv deals labor day electronics sale dell outlet view all financing promotions coupons subscription center e-catalog e-mail sign-up trade-in price match guarantee industries healthcare healthcare & life sciences healthcare & life sciences why choose dell emc? what we offer customer stories learning library related videos advance healthcare & life science within the digital eraas a leading provider of healthcare and life science it solutions worldwide, dell emc helps organizations advance in the digital era, transforming the way they work so they can transform the lives of the people they serve. today, dell emc is helping healthcare and life science organizations simplify their administration; coordinate and manage patient care; manage and secure patient data; make the transition from episodic care to coordinated, advance personalized care with a focus on prevention and wellness; and ultimately improve population health and individual patient outcomes. learn here how we are uniquely positioned to power this digital transformation by delivering best-in-class technology for applications, data, infrastructure and security – from the edge to the core to the cloud. collectively under the banner of dell technologies: dell, dell emc, pivotal, rsa, secureworks, virtustream, and vmware align to deliver a singular goal, helping our customers transform for the future. our purpose 02:01 what we offer health it transformation it transformation is a necessary first step to undertake a digital transformation initiative and help deliver better patient outcomes and world-class care. a successful health it transformation requires modernization of it infrastructure, automation of delivery and consumption of it services ultimately allowing time for innovation and workflow transformation. precision medicine transformation reduce lengthy implementation timelines utilizing dell emc to accelerate time-to-insight for a range of fields including drug design, cancer research, and ultimately clinical care. simplify integration and workflow management with next generation sequencing (ngs) systems, processing more genomes per day, more efficiently. connected health transformation seamlessly and securely connect clinical teams and patients with dell innovative solutions that enable healthcare & life sciences organizations to transform their workforce and turn ideas into reality. creating new and better ways of working, and staying actively engaged in the success of the organization. partners healthcare solutions partners healthcare solutions more security transformation develop a continuous security solution that identifies, quantifies, and mitigates risk without being intrusive on business operations or resource heavy. dell emc security strategy is designed with healthcare needs in mind so providers can realize a comprehensive overall security strategy and enable success for the organization. dell emc services drive the rapid adoption and optimization of your doer's digital technologies an the business-critical systems supporting them. it consulting deployment training & certification support services asset resale & recycling it consulting deployment training & certification support services asset resale & recycling more what we offer health it transformation it transformation is a necessary first step to undertake a digital transformation initiative and help deliver better patient outcomes and world-class care. a successful health it transformation requires modernization of it infrastructure, automation of delivery and consumption of it services ultimately allowing time for innovation and workflow transformation. precision medicine transformation reduce lengthy implementation timelines utilizing dell emc to accelerate time-to-insight for a range of fields including drug design, cancer research, and ultimately clinical care. simplify integration and workflow management with next generation sequencing (ngs) systems, processing more genomes per day, more efficiently. connected health transformation seamlessly and securely connect clinical teams and patients with dell innovative solutions that enable healthcare & life sciences organizations to transform their workforce and turn ideas into reality. creating new and better ways of working, and staying actively engaged in the success of the organization. partners healthcare solutions partners healthcare solutions more security transformation develop a continuous security solution that identifies, quantifies, and mitigates risk without being intrusive on business operations or resource heavy. dell emc security strategy is designed with healthcare needs in mind so providers can realize a comprehensive overall security strategy and enable success for the organization. dell emc services drive the rapid adoption and optimization of your doer's digital technologies an the business-critical systems supporting them. it consulting deployment training & certification support services asset resale & recycling it consulting deployment training & certification support services asset resale & recycling more health it transformation it transformation is a necessary first step to undertake a digital transformation initiative and help deliver better patient outcomes and world-class care. a successful health it transformation requires modernization of it infrastructure, automation of delivery and consumption of it services ultimately allowing time for innovation and workflow transformation. precision medicine transformation reduce lengthy implementation timelines utilizing dell emc to accelerate time-to-insight for a range of fields including drug design, cancer research, and ultimately clinical care. simplify integration and workflow management with next generation sequencing (ngs) systems, processing more genomes per day, more efficiently. connected health transformation seamlessly and securely connect clinical teams and patients with dell innovative solutions that enable healthcare & life sciences organizations to transform their workforce and turn ideas into reality. creating new and better ways of working, and staying actively engaged in the success of the organization. partners healthcare solutions partners healthcare solutions more security transformation develop a continuous security solution that identifies, quantifies, and mitigates risk without being intrusive on business operations or resource heavy. dell emc security strategy is designed with healthcare needs in mind so providers can realize a comprehensive overall security strategy and enable success for the organization. dell emc services drive the rapid adoption and optimization of your doer's digital technologies an the business-critical systems supporting them. it consulting deployment training & certification support services asset resale & recycling it consulting deployment training & certification support services asset resale & recycling more back customer stories insights are the best medicine — for patients and for the future of healthcare st. cloud orthopedics bolsters defense against advanced cyberthreats appistry delivers integrated next-generation sequencing analysis appliance tgen gives hope to children with rare disorders djo global optimizes healthcare practices and improves the patient experience with dell boomi atomsphere view all customer stories healthcare & life sciences customer stories and case studies, all in one place. view our library to view more. view all customer stories insights are the best medicine — for patients and for the future of healthcare st. cloud orthopedics bolsters defense against advanced cyberthreats appistry delivers integrated next-generation sequencing analysis appliance tgen gives hope to children with rare disorders djo global optimizes healthcare practices and improves the patient experience with dell boomi atomsphere healthcare & life sciences customer stories and case studies, all in one place. view our library to view more. view all customer stories insights are the best medicine — for patients and for the future of healthcare st. cloud orthopedics bolsters defense against advanced cyberthreats appistry delivers integrated next-generation sequencing analysis appliance tgen gives hope to children with rare disorders djo global optimizes healthcare practices and improves the patient experience with dell boomi atomsphere back learning library precision medicine, how close are we to achieving clinical quality and value? what if each patient could get precisely targeted treatment based on detailed analysis of their specific genome, medical history, lifestyle, and environmental factors? that is the promise of precision medicine. healthcare consumerism over ten years in the making healthcare consumerism and digital patient engagement are becoming the new norm in the healthcare industry. to compete, providers will need a digital technology strategy to meet the challenge of the patient-consumer’s expectation of service, satisfaction, convenience, and value. connected health: what is it? connected health is a web of intelligent communication and actionable insights to drive better and more integrated care and health outcomes.for additional podcasts click here precision medicine - planning for the now as the industry moves toward precision medicine, one of the biggest issues that must be addressed is scalability and performance.for additional podcasts click here addressing the evolving threat landscape of medical device cyberattacks a brave new world of internet of things (iot), is taking shape in healthcare and it comes with risk. it requires a multilayered approach beyond traditional security. connected health the path to better, more integrated care and health outcomes healthcare solutions guide learn about our key offers and why we're a leader in the industry business process as a service do more and spend less with our bpaas solutions how to compete and win with analytics in healthcare this video reveals how to easily apply predictive analytics to big data with dell statistica. watch it now to see how to gain a competitive edge with simplified data analysis and data mining capabilities. follow @dellemchealth on twitter helping advance healthcare and life sciences organizations in the digital era, transforming the way they work so they can transform the lives of the people they serve.​ dell events find dell healthcare events near you. precision medicine, how close are we to achieving clinical quality and value? what if each patient could get precisely targeted treatment based on detailed analysis of their specific genome, medical history, lifestyle, and environmental factors? that is the promise of precision medicine. healthcare consumerism over ten years in the making healthcare consumerism and digital patient engagement are becoming the new norm in the healthcare industry. to compete, providers will need a digital technology strategy to meet the challenge of the patient-consumer’s expectation of service, satisfaction, convenience, and value. connected health: what is it? connected health is a web of intelligent communication and actionable insights to drive better and more integrated care and health outcomes.for additional podcasts click here precision medicine - planning for the now as the industry moves toward precision medicine, one of the biggest issues that must be addressed is scalability and performance.for additional podcasts click here addressing the evolving threat landscape of medical device cyberattacks a brave new world of internet of things (iot), is taking shape in healthcare and it comes with risk. it requires a multilayered approach beyond traditional security. connected health the path to better, more integrated care and health outcomes healthcare solutions guide learn about our key offers and why we're a leader in the industry business process as a service do more and spend less with our bpaas solutions how to compete and win with analytics in healthcare this video reveals how to easily apply predictive analytics to big data with dell statistica. watch it now to see how to gain a competitive edge with simplified data analysis and data mining capabilities. follow @dellemchealth on twitter helping advance healthcare and life sciences organizations in the digital era, transforming the way they work so they can transform the lives of the people they serve.​ dell events find dell healthcare events near you. precision medicine, how close are we to achieving clinical quality and value? what if each patient could get precisely targeted treatment based on detailed analysis of their specific genome, medical history, lifestyle, and environmental factors? that is the promise of precision medicine. healthcare consumerism over ten years in the making healthcare consumerism and digital patient engagement are becoming the new norm in the healthcare industry. to compete, providers will need a digital technology strategy to meet the challenge of the patient-consumer’s expectation of service, satisfaction, convenience, and value. connected health: what is it? connected health is a web of intelligent communication and actionable insights to drive better and more integrated care and health outcomes.for additional podcasts click here precision medicine - planning for the now as the industry moves toward precision medicine, one of the biggest issues that must be addressed is scalability and performance.for additional podcasts click here addressing the evolving threat landscape of medical device cyberattacks a brave new world of internet of things (iot), is taking shape in healthcare and it comes with risk. it requires a multilayered approach beyond traditional security. connected health the path to better, more integrated care and health outcomes healthcare solutions guide learn about our key offers and why we're a leader in the industry business process as a service do more and spend less with our bpaas solutions how to compete and win with analytics in healthcare this video reveals how to easily apply predictive analytics to big data with dell statistica. watch it now to see how to gain a competitive edge with simplified data analysis and data mining capabilities. follow @dellemchealth on twitter helping advance healthcare and life sciences organizations in the digital era, transforming the way they work so they can transform the lives of the people they serve.​ dell events find dell healthcare events near you. back related videos 2017 healthcare think tank session-1: transforming hit and consumerism in healthcare dell emc healthcare think tank 2017 hosted many experts, who shared insights on the biggest things helping to transform hit today.learn more 2017 healthcare think tank session-2 on precision medicine at dell emc 2017 healthcare think tank session-2, healthcare experts discuss and debate on how to use information technology to deploy precision medicine. 2017 healthcare think tank session 3: big data and artificial intelligence at 2017 dell emc healthcare think tank session-3, a group of healthcare experts discuss and debate on how to exploit the cutting edge technologies such as big data and artificial intelligence to transform the healthcare sector. dell emc 2017 healthcare think tank - shahid shah on consumerism in healthcare shahid shah, chairman of netspective media, llc, participating in dell emc healthcare think tank, opines that information parity and low information asymmetry are essential to provide effective healthcare services to consumers. 2017 healthcare think tank session-1: transforming hit and consumerism in healthcare dell emc healthcare think tank 2017 hosted many experts, who shared insights on the biggest things helping to transform hit today.learn more 2017 healthcare think tank session-2 on precision medicine at dell emc 2017 healthcare think tank session-2, healthcare experts discuss and debate on how to use information technology to deploy precision medicine. 2017 healthcare think tank session 3: big data and artificial intelligence at 2017 dell emc healthcare think tank session-3, a group of healthcare experts discuss and debate on how to exploit the cutting edge technologies such as big data and artificial intelligence to transform the healthcare sector. dell emc 2017 healthcare think tank - shahid shah on consumerism in healthcare shahid shah, chairman of netspective media, llc, participating in dell emc healthcare think tank, opines that information parity and low information asymmetry are essential to provide effective healthcare services to consumers. 2017 healthcare think tank session-1: transforming hit and consumerism in healthcare dell emc healthcare think tank 2017 hosted many experts, who shared insights on the biggest things helping to transform hit today.learn more 2017 healthcare think tank session-2 on precision medicine at dell emc 2017 healthcare think tank session-2, healthcare experts discuss and debate on how to use information technology to deploy precision medicine. 2017 healthcare think tank session 3: big data and artificial intelligence at 2017 dell emc healthcare think tank session-3, a group of healthcare experts discuss and debate on how to exploit the cutting edge technologies such as big data and artificial intelligence to transform the healthcare sector. dell emc 2017 healthcare think tank - shahid shah on consumerism in healthcare shahid shah, chairman of netspective media, llc, participating in dell emc healthcare think tank, opines that information parity and low information asymmetry are essential to provide effective healthcare services to consumers. fast. easy. financing.^ update your technology with great financing offers from dell business credit.^ dell advantage loyalty rewards join for free to get free expedited delivery & up to 6% back in rewards on select purchases* free shipping & easy returns enjoy free shipping and no-hassle returns. it's shopping made simple.​ about dell careers community events partner program premier dell technologies united states afghanistan africa albania algeria angola anguilla antigua & barbuda argentina armenia aruba asia pacific australia austria azerbaijan bahamas bahrain bangladesh barbados belarus belgium belize benin bermuda bhutan bolivia bosnia-herzegovina botswana brazil british virgin islands brunei bulgaria burkina faso burundi cambodia cameroon canada cape verde cayman islands central african republic chad chile china christmas island cis colombia comoros congo cook islands costa rica croatia cyprus czech republic democratic republic of the congo denmark djibouti dominica dominican republic east timor ecuador egypt el salvador equatorial guinea estonia ethiopia fiji finland france french guiana french overseas territories french polynesia gabon gambia georgia germany ghana greece grenada guadeloupe guam guatemala guinea guyana haiti honduras hong kong hungary iceland india indonesia iraq ireland israel italy ivory coast jamaica japan jordan kazakhstan kenya kiribati korea kuwait kyrgyzstan laos latin america & caribbean latvia lebanon lesotho liberia libya lithuania luxembourg macedonia madagascar malawi malaysia maldives mali malta martinique mauritania mauritius mayotte mexico middle east moldova mongolia montenegro montserrat morocco mozambique myanmar namibia nauru nepal netherlands netherlands antilles/curaçao new caledonia new zealand nicaragua niger nigeria northern marianas islands norway oman pakistan palau panama papua new guinea paraguay peru philippines poland portugal puerto rico qatar reunion romania russia rwanda samoa saudi arabia senegal serbia seychelles sierra leone singapore slovakia slovenia solomon islands somalia south africa spain sri lanka st. kitts & nevis st. lucia st. vincent & grenadines suriname swaziland sweden switzerland taiwan tajikistan tanzania thailand togo tonga trinidad & tobago tunisia turkey turkmenistan turks & caicos islands tuvalu uganda ukraine united arab emirates united kingdom united states uruguay us virgin islands uzbekistan vanuatu venezuela vietnam yemen zambia zimbabwe about dell careers community events partner program premier dell technologies united states afghanistan africa albania algeria angola anguilla antigua & barbuda argentina armenia aruba asia pacific australia austria azerbaijan bahamas bahrain bangladesh barbados belarus belgium belize benin bermuda bhutan bolivia bosnia-herzegovina botswana brazil british virgin islands brunei bulgaria burkina faso burundi cambodia cameroon canada cape verde cayman islands central african republic chad chile china christmas island cis colombia comoros congo cook islands costa rica croatia cyprus czech republic democratic republic of the congo denmark djibouti dominica dominican republic east timor ecuador egypt el salvador equatorial guinea estonia ethiopia fiji finland france french guiana french overseas territories french polynesia gabon gambia georgia germany ghana greece grenada guadeloupe guam guatemala guinea guyana haiti honduras hong kong hungary iceland india indonesia iraq ireland israel italy ivory coast jamaica japan jordan kazakhstan kenya kiribati korea kuwait kyrgyzstan laos latin america & caribbean latvia lebanon lesotho liberia libya lithuania luxembourg macedonia madagascar malawi malaysia maldives mali malta martinique mauritania mauritius mayotte mexico middle east moldova mongolia montenegro montserrat morocco mozambique myanmar namibia nauru nepal netherlands netherlands antilles/curaçao new caledonia new zealand nicaragua niger nigeria northern marianas islands norway oman pakistan palau panama papua new guinea paraguay peru philippines poland portugal puerto rico qatar reunion romania russia rwanda samoa saudi arabia senegal serbia seychelles sierra leone singapore slovakia slovenia solomon islands somalia south africa spain sri lanka st. kitts & nevis st. lucia st. vincent & grenadines suriname swaziland sweden switzerland taiwan tajikistan tanzania thailand togo tonga trinidad & tobago tunisia turkey turkmenistan turks & caicos islands tuvalu uganda ukraine united arab emirates united kingdom united states uruguay us virgin islands uzbekistan vanuatu venezuela vietnam yemen zambia zimbabwe © 2017 dell terms of sale privacy statement ads & emails legal & regulatory corporate social responsibility contact feedback ultrabook, celeron, celeron inside, core inside, intel, intel logo, intel atom, intel atom inside, intel core, intel inside, intel inside logo, intel vpro, itanium, itanium inside, pentium, pentium inside, vpro inside, xeon, xeon phi, and xeon inside are trademarks of intel corporation or its subsidiaries in the u.s. and/or other countries.offers subject to change, not combinable with all other offers. taxes, shipping, and other fees apply. free shipping offer valid only in continental (except alaska) u.s. offer not valid for resellers. dell reserves the right to cancel orders arising from pricing or other errors.*promotional egift card: arrives separately form purchase, typically in 10-20 days from ship date via email; expires in 90 days (except where prohibited by law). terms and conditions apply. see www.dell.com/giftcard/promoterms.*rewards are issued to your online dell advantage loyalty rewards account (available via your dell.com my account) typically within 30 business days after your order’s ship date; rewards expire in 90 days (except where prohibited by law). “current rewards balance” amount may not reflect the most recent transactions occurring within the past 30 business days. bonus rewards on select purchases identified at dell.com/businessrewards or by calling 800-456-3355. total rewards earned may not exceed $2,000 within a 3 month period. any balance remaining on your purchase after rewards are applied may not be paid with dbc and instead a separate form of payment must be used. outlet purchases do not qualify for rewards. expedited delivery not available on certain tvs, monitors, batteries and adapters, and is available in continental (except alaska) u.s. only. other exceptions apply. not valid for resellers and/or online auctions. see dell.com/businessrewardsfaq.lower tco: tco calculated over 5 years and applies to specific workloads. source: “cloud comparison: microsoft private cloud on the intel-powered dell solution vs. a leading public cloud provider,” a principled technologies report commissioned by dell, august 2014. actual results will vary.intel, the intel logo, xeon, and xeon inside are trademarks or registered trademarks of intel corporation in the u.s.and/or other countries.  ^dell business credit: offered to business customers by webbank who determines qualifications for and terms of credit. taxes, shipping and other charges are extra and vary. minimum monthly payments are the greater of $15 or 3% of the new balance shown on the monthly billing statement. dell and the dell logo are trademarks of dell inc. any promotional offer is limited-time and intended for qualified customers. contact us need help? we're here for you. × contact a dell solutions expert call 1-800-456-3355 dell solutions powered by intel®