来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20180926070454/https://www.dell.com/en-us/work/learn/healthcare?~ck=mn
================================================================================

healthcare & life sciences | dell united states preview mode is on. click here to exit and refresh page. search search sign in sign out my account place orders quickly and easily view orders and track your shipping status enjoy members-only rewards and discounts create and access a list of your products sign in create an account dell financial services premier sign in partner program sign in account settings order status my products dell financial services dell advantage rewards premier sign in partner program sign in sign out cart ( ) subtotal: go to cart menu products view all products laptops view all laptops latitude laptops mobile workstations vostro laptops inspiron laptops xps laptops dell chromebook g series laptops pc & tablet accessories parts & upgrades desktops & all-in-one pcs view all desktops & all-in-ones optiplex desktops tower workstations vostro desktops inspiron desktops xps desktops pc & tablet accessories parts & upgrades tablets & 2-in-1 laptops view all tablets & 2-in-1 laptops xps 2-in-1 laptops view all xps 2-in-1 laptops xps 13 2-in-1 xps 15 2-in-1 latitude tablets & 2-in-1 laptops view all latitude tablets & 2-in-1 laptops latitude 11 3189 2-in-1 latitude 11 3190 2-in-1 latitude 12 5290 2-in-1 latitude 12 7285 2-in-1 latitude 13 3390 2-in-1 latitude 13 7389 2-in-1 latitude 13 7390 2-in-1 dell precision 2-in-1 laptops view all dell precision 2-in-1 laptops new dell precision 5530 2-in-1 inspiron 2-in-1 laptops view all inspiron 2-in-1 laptops inspiron 11 3000 2-in-1 (amd) inspiron 13 5000 2-in-1 new inspiron 14 5000 2-in-1 (5481) new inspiron 14 5000 2-in-1 (5482) inspiron 15 5000 2-in-1 inspiron 13 7000 2-in-1 (intel) inspiron 13 7000 2-in-1 (amd) inspiron 15 7000 2-in-1 inspiron 17 7000 2-in-1 dell chromebook 2-in-1 laptops view all dell chromebook 2-in-1 laptops inspiron chromebook 11 3181 2-in-1 chromebook 11 3189 2-in-1 chromebook 11 5190 2-in-1 tablet accessories workstations view all workstations mobile workstations view all mobile workstations dell precision 3520 dell precision 3530 dell precision 5520 dell precision 5530 new dell precision 5530 2-in-1 dell precision 7520 dell precision 7530 dell precision 7720 dell precision 7730 tower workstations view all tower workstations dell precision tower 3000 series (3420, 3620) dell precision 3430 small form factor tower dell precision 3630 tower dell precision 5820 tower dell precision 7820 tower dell precision 7920 tower rack workstations view all rack workstations dell precision 3930 rack dell precision 7920 rack all-in-one workstations view all all-in-one workstations dell precision 5720 all-in-one thin clients view all thin clients wyse thin clients software servers & storage view all servers & storage servers view all servers poweredge tower servers poweredge rack servers modular infrastructure server management software data center infrastructure racks & accessories storage view all storage server jbod expansion backup and recovery and data protection software-defined storage general-purpose disk arrays hyper-converged infrastructure parts & upgrades enterprise & server accessories dell emc products networking view all networking switches routers & wireless networking sonicwall network & data security monitors view all monitors ultrasharp p models e models medical monitors touch screen ultra hd 4k monitor accessories mounting solutions printers, ink & toner view all printers, ink & toner ink & toner selector color laser black & white laser inkjet 3d printers filament printer accessories software view all software office & productivity tax & accounting anti-virus & security photo, video & graphics operating systems migration & backup downloadable software dell digital locker electronics & accessories view all electronics & accessories batteries & adapters view all batteries & adapters battery & adapter selector car chargers & inverters laptop chargers portable chargers surge protection ups & battery backup cameras, photo & video docking stations enterprise & server accessories view all enterprise & server accessories racks & accessories ups & battery backup power distribution sonicwall & spyware detection surge protection hard drives & storage view all hard drives & storage external hard drives internal hard drives & ssds personal cloud & nas pc & tablet accessories view all pc & tablet accessories audio bags & carrying cases cables & adapters keyboards & mice projectors replacement parts & upgrades view all replacement parts & upgrades battery & adapter selector hard drives & storage ink & toner selector memory selector pc & tablet accessories video cards routers & networking view all routers & networking wifi adapters routers & range extenders cameras, safety & security managed switches smart office technology tvs & commercial displays gateways & embedded pcs solutions view all solutions industries education energy federal government financial services healthcare manufacturing original equipment manufacturers retail state & local government telecommunications, media & entertainment small business central big data cloud data center view all data center data center - servers data center - storage data center - networking data center - modular infrastructure data center - converged infrastructure high performance computing openmanage systems management data center managed services extreme scale infrastructure desktop virtualization internet of things mobile pc as a service (pcaas) security training & certification dell emc solutions view all dell emc solutions all-flash converged infrastructure services view all services consulting deployment services support services for home services for small business support services for commercial asset resale & recycling financing & leasing application services managed services support view all support diagnostics drivers & downloads warranty manuals support library order support community dell product registration ownership transfer contact us deals clearance deals laptop deals desktop deals workstation deals server deals storage & networking deals electronics & accessories deals view all electronics & accessories deals audio deals bag & carrying case deals monitor deals networking & smart office deals pc accessories deals printer, ink & toner deals projector deals software deals storage deals tv deals dell outlet view all financing promotions coupons subscription center e-catalog e-mail sign-up small business events trade-in price match guarantee dell annual sale: up to 40% off select pcs or 35% off business-class systems with coupon save35 in cart. ends sunday. | dell annual sale: up to 40% off select pcs or 35% off business-class systems with coupon save35 in cart. ends sunday. shop now |questions? call 1-877-302-3355 or click to chat hrs mins sec industries healthcare healthcare & life sciences healthcare & life sciences why choose dell emc? what we offer customer stories learning library related videos advance healthcare & life science within the digital eraas a leading provider of healthcare and life science it solutions worldwide, dell emc helps organizations advance in the digital era, transforming the way they work so they can transform the lives of the people they serve. today, dell emc is helping healthcare and life science organizations simplify their administration; coordinate and manage patient care; manage and secure patient data; make the transition from episodic care to coordinated, advance personalized care with a focus on prevention and wellness; and ultimately improve population health and individual patient outcomes. learn here how we are uniquely positioned to power this digital transformation by delivering best-in-class technology for applications, data, infrastructure and security – from the edge to the core to the cloud. collectively under the banner of dell technologies: dell, dell emc, pivotal, rsa, secureworks, virtustream, and vmware align to deliver a singular goal, helping our customers transform for the future. our purpose follow us on twitter find dell emc healthcare events near you our purpose follow us on twitter find dell emc healthcare events near you what we offer health it transformation it transformation is a necessary first step to undertake a digital transformation initiative and help deliver better patient outcomes and world-class care. a successful health it transformation requires modernization of it infrastructure, automation of delivery and consumption of it services ultimately allowing time for innovation and workflow transformation. precision medicine transformation reduce lengthy implementation timelines utilizing dell emc to accelerate time-to-insight for a range of fields including drug design, cancer research, and ultimately clinical care. simplify integration and workflow management with next generation sequencing (ngs) systems, processing more genomes per day, more efficiently. connected health transformation seamlessly and securely connect clinical teams and patients with dell innovative solutions that enable healthcare & life sciences organizations to transform their workforce and turn ideas into reality. creating new and better ways of working, and staying actively engaged in the success of the organization. partners healthcare solutions partners healthcare solutions more security transformation develop a continuous security solution that identifies, quantifies, and mitigates risk without being intrusive on business operations or resource heavy. dell emc security strategy is designed with healthcare needs in mind so providers can realize a comprehensive overall security strategy and enable success for the organization. dell emc services drive the rapid adoption and optimization of your doer's digital technologies an the business-critical systems supporting them. consulting deployment training & certification support services asset resale & recycling consulting deployment training & certification support services asset resale & recycling more what we offer health it transformation it transformation is a necessary first step to undertake a digital transformation initiative and help deliver better patient outcomes and world-class care. a successful health it transformation requires modernization of it infrastructure, automation of delivery and consumption of it services ultimately allowing time for innovation and workflow transformation. precision medicine transformation reduce lengthy implementation timelines utilizing dell emc to accelerate time-to-insight for a range of fields including drug design, cancer research, and ultimately clinical care. simplify integration and workflow management with next generation sequencing (ngs) systems, processing more genomes per day, more efficiently. connected health transformation seamlessly and securely connect clinical teams and patients with dell innovative solutions that enable healthcare & life sciences organizations to transform their workforce and turn ideas into reality. creating new and better ways of working, and staying actively engaged in the success of the organization. partners healthcare solutions partners healthcare solutions more security transformation develop a continuous security solution that identifies, quantifies, and mitigates risk without being intrusive on business operations or resource heavy. dell emc security strategy is designed with healthcare needs in mind so providers can realize a comprehensive overall security strategy and enable success for the organization. dell emc services drive the rapid adoption and optimization of your doer's digital technologies an the business-critical systems supporting them. consulting deployment training & certification support services asset resale & recycling consulting deployment training & certification support services asset resale & recycling more health it transformation it transformation is a necessary first step to undertake a digital transformation initiative and help deliver better patient outcomes and world-class care. a successful health it transformation requires modernization of it infrastructure, automation of delivery and consumption of it services ultimately allowing time for innovation and workflow transformation. precision medicine transformation reduce lengthy implementation timelines utilizing dell emc to accelerate time-to-insight for a range of fields including drug design, cancer research, and ultimately clinical care. simplify integration and workflow management with next generation sequencing (ngs) systems, processing more genomes per day, more efficiently. connected health transformation seamlessly and securely connect clinical teams and patients with dell innovative solutions that enable healthcare & life sciences organizations to transform their workforce and turn ideas into reality. creating new and better ways of working, and staying actively engaged in the success of the organization. partners healthcare solutions partners healthcare solutions more security transformation develop a continuous security solution that identifies, quantifies, and mitigates risk without being intrusive on business operations or resource heavy. dell emc security strategy is designed with healthcare needs in mind so providers can realize a comprehensive overall security strategy and enable success for the organization. dell emc services drive the rapid adoption and optimization of your doer's digital technologies an the business-critical systems supporting them. consulting deployment training & certification support services asset resale & recycling consulting deployment training & certification support services asset resale & recycling more back customer stories ebook customer stories st. cloud orthopedics bolsters defense against advanced cyberthreats appistry delivers integrated next-generation sequencing analysis appliance tgen gives hope to children with rare disorders view all customer stories healthcare & life sciences customer stories and case studies, all in one place. view our library to view more. view all customer stories ebook customer stories st. cloud orthopedics bolsters defense against advanced cyberthreats appistry delivers integrated next-generation sequencing analysis appliance tgen gives hope to children with rare disorders healthcare & life sciences customer stories and case studies, all in one place. view our library to view more. view all customer stories ebook customer stories st. cloud orthopedics bolsters defense against advanced cyberthreats appistry delivers integrated next-generation sequencing analysis appliance tgen gives hope to children with rare disorders back learning library preparing for human-machine partnerships in healthcare human-machine partnerships will reshape how we share medical information, treat disease, and discover new therapies more precisely. three steps to health it (hit) transformation - what every hit organization can do to move forward now this paper describes three steps hit organizations can take to shift their budgets and efforts from keeping the lights on to delivering new kinds of it services that enable and improve healthcare. white coats and white hats - working together towards a unified approach to security and data protection medical technology has never been more powerful. it's also never been more vulnerable. rapidly evolving digital technologies are bringing unprecedented promise—and risks—to healthcare data. as a result, there is growing urgency for new approaches to cybersecurity that will enable the best possible care while protecting patient safety. security transformation in healthcare protecting healthcare data everywhere, from point of care to core to cloud. the consequences of a data breach in healthcare go beyond identity theft. learn how dell emc can enable a unified approach to security and data protection. dell emc solutions brief healthcare-life sciences dell emc is uniquely positioned to power your digital transformation with best-in-class technology for applications, data, infrastructure, and security – from the bedside to the core to the cloud. precision medicine, how close are we to achieving clinical quality and value? what if each patient could get precisely targeted treatment based on detailed analysis of their specific genome, medical history, lifestyle, and environmental factors? that is the promise of precision medicine. healthcare consumerism over ten years in the making healthcare consumerism and digital patient engagement are becoming the new norm in the healthcare industry. to compete, providers will need a digital technology strategy to meet the challenge of the patient-consumer’s expectation of service, satisfaction, convenience, and value. addressing the evolving threat landscape of medical device cyberattacks a brave new world of internet of things (iot), is taking shape in healthcare and it comes with risk. it requires a multilayered approach beyond traditional security. preparing for human-machine partnerships in healthcare human-machine partnerships will reshape how we share medical information, treat disease, and discover new therapies more precisely. three steps to health it (hit) transformation - what every hit organization can do to move forward now this paper describes three steps hit organizations can take to shift their budgets and efforts from keeping the lights on to delivering new kinds of it services that enable and improve healthcare. white coats and white hats - working together towards a unified approach to security and data protection medical technology has never been more powerful. it's also never been more vulnerable. rapidly evolving digital technologies are bringing unprecedented promise—and risks—to healthcare data. as a result, there is growing urgency for new approaches to cybersecurity that will enable the best possible care while protecting patient safety. security transformation in healthcare protecting healthcare data everywhere, from point of care to core to cloud. the consequences of a data breach in healthcare go beyond identity theft. learn how dell emc can enable a unified approach to security and data protection. dell emc solutions brief healthcare-life sciences dell emc is uniquely positioned to power your digital transformation with best-in-class technology for applications, data, infrastructure, and security – from the bedside to the core to the cloud. precision medicine, how close are we to achieving clinical quality and value? what if each patient could get precisely targeted treatment based on detailed analysis of their specific genome, medical history, lifestyle, and environmental factors? that is the promise of precision medicine. healthcare consumerism over ten years in the making healthcare consumerism and digital patient engagement are becoming the new norm in the healthcare industry. to compete, providers will need a digital technology strategy to meet the challenge of the patient-consumer’s expectation of service, satisfaction, convenience, and value. addressing the evolving threat landscape of medical device cyberattacks a brave new world of internet of things (iot), is taking shape in healthcare and it comes with risk. it requires a multilayered approach beyond traditional security. preparing for human-machine partnerships in healthcare human-machine partnerships will reshape how we share medical information, treat disease, and discover new therapies more precisely. three steps to health it (hit) transformation - what every hit organization can do to move forward now this paper describes three steps hit organizations can take to shift their budgets and efforts from keeping the lights on to delivering new kinds of it services that enable and improve healthcare. white coats and white hats - working together towards a unified approach to security and data protection medical technology has never been more powerful. it's also never been more vulnerable. rapidly evolving digital technologies are bringing unprecedented promise—and risks—to healthcare data. as a result, there is growing urgency for new approaches to cybersecurity that will enable the best possible care while protecting patient safety. security transformation in healthcare protecting healthcare data everywhere, from point of care to core to cloud. the consequences of a data breach in healthcare go beyond identity theft. learn how dell emc can enable a unified approach to security and data protection. dell emc solutions brief healthcare-life sciences dell emc is uniquely positioned to power your digital transformation with best-in-class technology for applications, data, infrastructure, and security – from the bedside to the core to the cloud. precision medicine, how close are we to achieving clinical quality and value? what if each patient could get precisely targeted treatment based on detailed analysis of their specific genome, medical history, lifestyle, and environmental factors? that is the promise of precision medicine. healthcare consumerism over ten years in the making healthcare consumerism and digital patient engagement are becoming the new norm in the healthcare industry. to compete, providers will need a digital technology strategy to meet the challenge of the patient-consumer’s expectation of service, satisfaction, convenience, and value. addressing the evolving threat landscape of medical device cyberattacks a brave new world of internet of things (iot), is taking shape in healthcare and it comes with risk. it requires a multilayered approach beyond traditional security. back related videos make digital transformation real with hit transformation. modernize. automate. transform. hear from dan trott, dell emc healthcare field director, on most current healthcare providers challenges and how dell technologies and intel are poised to provide specialized technology solutions that help make the digital transformation of healthcare real. make digital transformation real hear from tony nunes, dell emc healthcare field director, on how to turn data into assets and into actionable insights improving clinical outcomes. dell technologies and intel work together to develop ai platforms and technology solutions so care providers have the right data when and where needed making digital transformation real. 2017 healthcare think tank session 3: big data and artificial intelligence at 2017 dell emc healthcare think tank session-3, a group of healthcare experts discuss and debate on how to exploit the cutting edge technologies such as big data and artificial intelligence to transform the healthcare sector. dell emc 2017 healthcare think tank - shahid shah on consumerism in healthcare shahid shah, chairman of netspective media, llc, participating in dell emc healthcare think tank, opines that information parity and low information asymmetry are essential to provide effective healthcare services to consumers. make digital transformation real with hit transformation. modernize. automate. transform. hear from dan trott, dell emc healthcare field director, on most current healthcare providers challenges and how dell technologies and intel are poised to provide specialized technology solutions that help make the digital transformation of healthcare real. make digital transformation real hear from tony nunes, dell emc healthcare field director, on how to turn data into assets and into actionable insights improving clinical outcomes. dell technologies and intel work together to develop ai platforms and technology solutions so care providers have the right data when and where needed making digital transformation real. 2017 healthcare think tank session 3: big data and artificial intelligence at 2017 dell emc healthcare think tank session-3, a group of healthcare experts discuss and debate on how to exploit the cutting edge technologies such as big data and artificial intelligence to transform the healthcare sector. dell emc 2017 healthcare think tank - shahid shah on consumerism in healthcare shahid shah, chairman of netspective media, llc, participating in dell emc healthcare think tank, opines that information parity and low information asymmetry are essential to provide effective healthcare services to consumers. make digital transformation real with hit transformation. modernize. automate. transform. hear from dan trott, dell emc healthcare field director, on most current healthcare providers challenges and how dell technologies and intel are poised to provide specialized technology solutions that help make the digital transformation of healthcare real. make digital transformation real hear from tony nunes, dell emc healthcare field director, on how to turn data into assets and into actionable insights improving clinical outcomes. dell technologies and intel work together to develop ai platforms and technology solutions so care providers have the right data when and where needed making digital transformation real. 2017 healthcare think tank session 3: big data and artificial intelligence at 2017 dell emc healthcare think tank session-3, a group of healthcare experts discuss and debate on how to exploit the cutting edge technologies such as big data and artificial intelligence to transform the healthcare sector. dell emc 2017 healthcare think tank - shahid shah on consumerism in healthcare shahid shah, chairman of netspective media, llc, participating in dell emc healthcare think tank, opines that information parity and low information asymmetry are essential to provide effective healthcare services to consumers. fast. easy. financing.^ update your technology with great financing offers from dell business credit.^ dell advantage loyalty rewards join for free to get free expedited delivery & up to 6% back in rewards on select purchases* free shipping & easy returns enjoy free shipping and no-hassle returns. it's shopping made simple.​ about dell careers community events partner program premier dell technologies make a payment united states © 2018 dell terms of sale privacy statement ads & emails legal & regulatory corporate social responsibility contact us feedback ^dell business credit: offered to business customers by webbank, member fdic, who determines qualifications for and terms of credit. taxes, shipping and other charges are extra and vary. minimum monthly payments are the greater of $15 or 3% of the new balance shown on the monthly billing statement. dell and the dell logo are trademarks of dell inc.no interest if paid in full within 6 months: available at time of purchase on qualifying pcs $699 or more when using dell business credit on august 27, 2018 through september 30, 2018 (excludes chromebooks). minimum purchase amount may be required. minimum monthly payments are required, but may not pay your purchase in full by the end of the promotional period due to purchase amount, promotion length, additional purchases or allocation of payments in excess of the minimum payment. promotional offer is valid only when account remains in good standing. accrued finance charges will be billed from the transaction posting date, if the purchase balance is not paid in full within 6 months.certain restrictions apply. assumes product is available. any promotional offer is limited-time and intended for qualified customers. offers, including those at dell.com may vary, are subject to credit approval and may be changed without notice. promotion does not include printer cables, toner, warranty or any peripheral items. refurbished and/or used purchases do not qualify for promotions. promotional financing is made available to dell direct customers only and is not combinable with other dell, dfs or other vendor offers. contact us need help? we're here for you. × contact an expert call 888-346-2289 email dell sales intel® core™