来源URL: https://www.dell.com/en-us/shop/dell-rewards-program/cp/dell-rewards-program?~ck=mn
================================================================================

dell rewards brings you savings & free expedited shipping | dell usa skip to main content sign in welcome dell sites dell technologies premier sign in partner program sign in dell financial services support dell sites dell technologies premier sign in partner program sign in dell financial services support my account order status profile settings my products make a payment dell rewards balance sign out welcome to dell my account place orders quickly and easily view orders and track your shipping status enjoy members-only rewards and discounts create and access a list of your products sign in create an account premier sign in dell financial services partner program sign in contact us us/en cart your dell.com carts artificial intelligence it infrastructure back it infrastructure products back products servers data storage data protection hyperconverged infrastructure networking infrastructure accessories sustainable data center aiops & it observability workloads back workloads view all workloads data management edge solutions kubernetes & containers multicloud solutions security solutions virtual desktop infrastructure industry back industry view all industry energy, climate action & sustainability federal government financial healthcare & life sciences higher education k-12 education manufacturing retail safety & security smart cities state & local government telecommunications utilities dell apex subscriptions payment solutions developers & devops computers & accessories back computers & accessories laptops back laptops view all laptops gaming laptops popular laptops back popular laptops alienware laptops 2 in 1 laptops 4k laptops ai laptops windows 11 laptops linux laptops rtx 4090 laptops rtx 5080 laptops touch screen laptops 4g/5g laptops laptops by screen size back laptops by screen size 18 inch laptops 17 inch laptops 16 inch laptops 15 inch laptops 14 inch laptops 13 inch laptops 12 inch laptops 11 inch laptops laptops by ram back laptops by ram 64gb ram laptop 32gb ram laptop 16gb ram laptop 8gb ram laptop laptops by brand back laptops by brand dell laptops dell pro laptops dell pro max laptops alienware laptops latitude laptops xps laptops inspiron laptops g series laptops precision mobile workstations rugged laptops chromebook laptops copilot+ pcs desktops & all-in-ones back desktops & all-in-ones view all desktops & all-in-ones gaming desktop computers popular desktops back popular desktops alienware desktop pcs desktop computers intel core i9 desktops i7 desktop computers desktop towers micro pcs all-in-one desktop computers ai desktops linux desktop pcs desktops & all-in-ones by brand back desktops & all-in-ones by brand dell desktops dell pro desktops dell pro max desktops alienware desktops optiplex desktops & all-in-ones precision fixed workstations monitors back monitors view all monitors gaming monitors popular monitors back popular monitors 32 inch monitors 27 inch monitors 24 inch monitors oled monitors portable monitors ultrawide monitors curved monitors hdmi monitors touch screen monitors ips monitors monitors with speakers monitors with webcam screen resolution back screen resolution 6k monitors 4k monitors qhd monitors hd monitors screen refresh rate back screen refresh rate 360hz monitors 280hz monitors 240hz monitors 180hz monitors 165hz monitors 144hz monitors 120hz monitors 100hz monitors monitors by brand back monitors by brand dell monitors dell pro monitors dell ultrasharp monitors alienware monitors dell gaming monitors monitor accessories back monitor accessories view all monitor accessories monitor webcams monitor stands & arms vesa mounts privacy screens monitor speakers & audio monitor cables gaming back gaming alienware back alienware view all alienware alienware gaming laptops alienware gaming desktops alienware gaming monitors alienware gaming accessories dell gaming gaming laptops gaming desktop computers gaming accessories back gaming accessories view all gaming accessories gaming monitors gaming mouse gaming keyboards gaming keyboard & mouse gaming headsets & headphones gaming chairs & furniture virtual reality (vr) & simulators video gaming back video gaming video games gaming consoles gaming controllers pc accessories back pc accessories view all pc accessories popular accessories back popular accessories gaming keyboard & mouse wireless mouse ergonomic mouse bluetooth mouse computer speakers microphones laptop backpacks printers 3d printer accessories shredders external hard drives docking stations keyboards & mice audio webcams laptop bags & cases printers & scanners hard drives & storage power adapters wi-fi & networking electronics back electronics popular electronics back popular electronics smart home smart watches portable & mobile projectors short throw projectors cameras home electronics projectors cameras, photo & video parts, batteries & upgrades software video conferencing room solutions thin clients workstations back workstations view all workstations workstation by brand back workstation by brand dell pro max laptops dell pro max desktops precision mobile workstations precision fixed workstations services back services view all services professional services back professional services view all professional services artificial intelligence services multicloud services data & applications services modern workforce services security & resilience services lifecycle services back lifecycle services view all lifecycle services deployment services managed & residency services support services recovery & recycling services training & certification technology & tools premier: e-procurement & integrations support back support support home support library support videos support services & warranty drivers & downloads manuals & documentation pc diagnostics self-repair & parts service requests & dispatch status order support contact technical support community deals back deals view all deals clearance deals laptop deals desktop deals gaming pc deals business pc deals monitor deals electronics & accessories deals why buy direct from dell discounts, offers & coupons back discounts, offers & coupons view all discounts, offers & coupons student discounts military & veteran discounts employee discounts dell rewards dell expert network dell business partnerships financing dell outlet (certified refurbished) dell premier for business contact us us/en back dell premier for business usa dell rewards brings you savings & free expedited shipping intel® core™ ultra processors learn more about intel dell rewards get rewarded helpful tips & tricks how to earn points dell rewards video faqs terms & conditions partner offers sign in to claim your member-only offers now. join sign in special offers 3x rewards: members can earn 3x (9%) rewards on all monitors for a limited time.financing offer: open a dell pay credit account and earn $50 (5,000 points) in dell rewards dollars* when you enroll in dell rewardsd. join sign in the more you shop, the more you earn. join dell rewards for free and earn up to 9% back in rewards to use toward future dell.com purchases. join sign in partner offers sign in to claim your member-only offers now. join sign in special offers 3x rewards: members can earn 3x (9%) rewards on all monitors for a limited time.financing offer: open a dell pay credit account and earn $50 (5,000 points) in dell rewards dollars* when you enroll in dell rewardsd. join sign in make the most of your account by earning morelog in and go to my account make a purchase > earn points on every dollar spent (pre-tax). explore your my account > watch dell rewards video get up to 1,500 points play a game in your my account > up to 150,000 points plus, enhance your experience > take advantage of partner offers and get involved in our dell user communities. fill out your profile > up to 1,500 points how does dell rewards work?sign up for dell rewards for free, or if already a member sign-in to your my account to unlock fantastic perks and get valuable rewards to shop the tech you love. play video about dell rewards dell rewards top questions what is the dell rewards program? dell rewards is a free way to unlock fantastic perks and get valuable rewards for using dell.com to shop the tech you love. joining dell rewards in the united states lets you earn points on dell purchases which can be redeemed in the united states for dollars-off your next great dell purchase, special offers and more. dollars-off will be in the form of rebates called 'dell dollars'. earn points easily by buying products at dell.com or by visiting the dell rewards store and playing fun instant-win games for a chance at points. you can even earn points just for simple dell rewards activities like filling out your profile. plus, you get member-only offers for extra savings. how do i join dell rewards? becoming a dell rewards member is easy! -visit https://www.dell.com/en-us/lp/dell-rewards, click “register now” to create a new my account, and check the box to register for dell rewards, or -tell your phone or chat rep that you would like to join. your phone or chat rep will support you with creating a my account if needed and your registration for the program. already have a dell.com my account? simply click "join for free" in the dell rewards box located in the upper right corner on the my account homepage to opt in to the dell rewards program when you’re logged in - you’ll receive a welcome email to confirm your membership. be sure to check your junk/spam folder. if you want to participate in the dell rewards program of multiple locations, you must have or create a my account in each location using a different email address for each. dell rewards accounts are unique to individual email addresses and cannot be combined or transferred." is dell rewards the same as my account? no, dell rewards and my account are not the same, however dell rewards members use my account to track their rewards. customers must create a my account when registering for dell rewards. for customers who already have a my account, dell rewards registration and benefits are available through your my account. how do i earn dell rewards points? simply log in to your dell my account and you'll earn points on qualifying purchases from dell, plus any extra points offered for participating in activities in the dell rewards program, such as filling out your profile. offline purchases are also eligible to earn points; just make sure you use the same email address that you used to register for dell rewards. when/how do i receive my dell rewards points after i purchase as a dell rewards member? we make every effort to quickly post your points to your my account. typically this happens within 30 business days after your order's ship date. during peak seasonal periods, please allow for an additional 5-10 business days or longer for points to post. will my dell rewards points and dell dollars expire? yes, your rewards will expire. points and dell dollars will each have a different expiration date based on the date they are issued. however, they both expire on the 15th day of the fourth month following the month in which they were issued. for example, if you earned points on 10-01-22, the points will not expire until 2-15-23. another example: if you converted points to a dell dollars on 1-20-22, your dell dollars will expire on 5-15-22. how much are my dell rewards points worth? 1 point is equal to 1 cent. for example, 100 points are worth $1 dollar. what happens if i’ve used rewards points on a purchase but have now canceled or returned those products? dell will return the rewards points associated with a returned or cancelled order and set the new expiration date of those points to 30 days, or follow the original expiration date, whichever is greater. about points when can i use my dell rewards points against future dell purchases? points can be used as soon as they are issued to your account. how many dell rewards points can i earn from the dell rewards program? is there a limit? you can earn a maximum of 200,000 points in a 3-month period based on dell's fiscal calendar. dell's fiscal calendar begins in february. my dell rewards points are available. how do i redeem them? you can covert points to dell dollars and apply that to your purchase directly from checkout if you are logged into your dell my account. you can also opt to call in to use your points with a customer representative. are my dell rewards points calculated pre or post tax? your points are calculated before tax. can i earn or spend dell rewards points on dell outlet purchases? no. dell outlet orders are not eligible to earn or use points on a transaction. if i use a prepaid gift card for a purchase, do i earn dell rewards points? what if i pay for my order with multiple payment methods? there's a lot of payment flexibility, and dell rewards members earn points with most payment methods for purchases on dell.com. however, there are three payment methods ineligible to earn dell rewards points: 1) promo egift cards, 2) any balance paid with redeemed dell dollars, and 3) any portion of a transaction paid with a special offer. multiple payment methods may be used for one purchase, but you will only earn rewards on the amount of the balance paid with an eligible payment method. additionally, exchange and concession orders may not be eligible. will i earn dell rewards points on third-party purchases, i.e. non-dell branded products? certain third-party products are not eligible to earn points. eligible third-party products will show the dell rewards points that can be earned if purchased. what are non-transactional (activity) points? earn points just by interacting with the dell rewards program for simple activities like filling out your profile. can i combine and/or consolidate multiple dell rewards accounts? no. dell rewards accounts are unique to individual email addresses and cannot be combined or transferred. what if i use only a portion of the value of my dell dollars? what happens to the remaining value of the rewards? if you only use a portion of your dell dollars amount, the remainder is still available to use on another exciting dell purchase until the expiration date of your remaining dell dollars balance. are resellers eligible to earn dell rewards points? no do members earn additional points when opening a dell pay credit account ? yes, members earn $50 (5,000 points) bonus dell rewards dollars when they open a dell pay credit accountd . dell pay credit is revolving line of credit that gives you more purchasing power and access to world-class technology. dell pay credit account holders will enjoy access to exclusive offers, insider sales and low monthly payments in addition to $50 (5,000 points) bonus in rewards for dell rewards members when opening a new account on or after 8/19/2024. the $50 (5,000 points) bonus in rewards are typically issued within 30 business days after dell pay credit account open date. rewards subject to change without notice. to receive rewards earned with a dell pay credit account you must use the same email address for both the dell pay credit and dell rewards account. for dell pay credit details, click here. about the account how much does it cost to become a dell rewards member? there is no fee to join and no ongoing membership fee. how do i reset my “my account” password? i can’t remember my password. at dell.com, select “my account.” then select “forgot my password” from the drop-down menu. insert the email address you used to create your my account and register for dell rewards and click “reset password.” you will receive a prompt to reset your password via email. can i receive other benefits/offers as a member of the dell rewards program? yes, you may access member-only benefits in the “benefits” section of my account>dell rewards as well as via dell rewards email communications. no points required; please enjoy benefits just for being a member. for dell benefits, simply copy and paste the coupon code at dell.com checkout. for partner benefits, complete the checkout process through the partner website. i never received my welcome email after registering a new membership with dell rewards. occasionally, your welcome email will fall into your junk or spam folders. be sure to check the inbox of the email address you used to register with dell rewards. how do i update my dell rewards account preferences? while signed onto your my account at dell.com, you can select “customer information” under “my account settings” to update your dell rewards account preferences. can i be enrolled in dell rewards in multiple locations? if you want to participate in the dell rewards program in multiple locations, you must have or create a my account in each location using a different email address for each. dell rewards accounts are unique to individual email addresses and cannot be combined or transferred. how do i completely cancel / opt-out of my dell rewards account? to cancel your membership, log in to your my account, navigate to privacy > deactivate dell rewards. you will be able to opt out of the dell rewards program on this page. please note you will no longer earn rewards points on future purchases and access to other program benefits will be removed. if you cancel your membership in error, you can recover your dell rewards account by clicking any dell rewards “join for free” link on dell.com and re-registering for the program using the same email address you were previously enrolled with. any rewards still tied to your account will have maintained their previous expiration dates. can dell rewards benefits be linked to more than one email address? no. the dell rewards points are earned on each individual order, so registering multiple email addresses won’t allow duplicate points. will dell retroactively apply dell rewards benefits for customers who purchased before dell rewards launched, and/or before a customer joined the program? no should the email address i registered with be used as the billing or shipping email address when ordering? to receive points on your purchase, you must use the email address you registered with as your "billing" email address. misc what are dell rewards special offers? these are limited-time offers where members can redeem points and get a better savings percentage vs. regular dell customers. what are dell rewards games? in the dell rewards section of my account members can access exclusive games and play to win points. can i use my rewards with other offers available from dell? yes how can i reach out to fulfill my dsr rights under gdpr? to process your data subject right in accordance with your local law please reach out to privacy@dell.com. what should i do if i have more questions about my dell rewards account? if you still have questions after reviewing our faqs, please contact customer care at 1-877-275-3355. what is “free expedited delivery” on select purchases? dell rewards members get free expedited delivery on eligible orders. “expedited delivery” method is an upgraded shipping option intended to arrive faster than free “standard delivery.” please note that for certain products and zip codes, “expedited delivery” may not be available, and certain exclusions apply (certain, monitors and batteries). free expedited delivery is available in continental (except alaska) u.s. only. other exceptions apply. can i use dell dollars to purchase gift cards from dell? no can i earn and spend rewards for “premier” page orders? no if i return my purchase within the return period, will my dell rewards points still be available? returned or cancelled purchases will be refunded according to the way they were paid. any portion of the purchase using dell dollars will be automatically returned to the member’s dell dollars balance. the value of any special offers will need to be returned manually. members should contact customer care at 1-877-275-3355 to have the special offer value applied to their replacement order or corresponding points returned to their rewards points balance. can i receive points on dell purchases placed prior to enrolling in the dell rewards program? no. dell rewards points and other program benefits will only apply to purchases placed at the time of or after program enrollment. will i earn dell rewards points on software renewals? you will earn rewards points on the initial transaction that included your software, but will not earn rewards on the renewal transactions. do dell expert network (den) members earn additional points? if you are an it consultant or managed service provider who will recommend dell products, you and your dell customers may each receive dell rewards points. after registering to the dell expert network, you will be contacted by your dell it manager to formalize your participation. learn more about den and view den terms & conditions here: dell expert network | dell usa. extra promotional points are not reflected in the point totals in the earning points section across the site. will i still earn the additional points? our point earn displays across dell.com represent the base 3% rate. if there is a promotion going on, any extra points may not be reflected in the site experience but will be issued according to the promotion rules after completion of a qualifying purchase. terms & conditions dell rewards program terms these dell rewards terms (the “terms”) are between you and dell marketing, l.p. (“dell”), govern your participation in the united states dell rewards loyalty program (the “program”), and set forth all rights, requirements, rules and conditions of your membership and participation in the program. these terms are in addition to any other dell terms that you agree to in connection with your dell purchases or use of other dell services. by registering for and participating in the program, you agree to these terms, which dell may update from time to time without prior notice. dell reserves the right to modify or discontinue the program at any time and for any reason and will use reasonable efforts to provide advance notice of any material changes to the program via dell my account (“my account”) and email. eligibility and participation requirementsthe dell rewards program and associated benefits are available only to individuals who meet the criteria for program membership as defined by dell below. to qualify for the program and program benefits, you must be a consumer, defined as an individual purchasing for personal or household use, or a representative of a small business, as defined by dell. the following categories are ineligible for program membership:minors, as defined by applicable law in your jurisdiction of residencerepresentatives of entities that are not small businesses, as defined by dellpublic customersresellersif dell identifies that you fall into one of the above categories or that you have otherwise violated these terms, your membership may be suspended pending further investigation, and you will not receive any benefits or rewards related to the program until resolved. if dell, after appropriate investigation, cancels your membership due to a violation of these terms or other actual or reasonably suspected misconduct or fraud, dell reserves the right to invalidate any program benefits earned prior to termination. dell further reserves the right to deny membership to any consumer or small business for any reason. to obtain the benefits of the program, you must maintain a dell my account. there is no charge to establish a my account. if you don’t already have a my account, an account will be created for you when you register for the program. your dell my account is where you will receive information about your rewards, including your current rewards balance and rewards expiration dates and other information, including program updates and opportunities to redeem rewards. your my account must remain updated with a valid email address, and you acknowledge that dell may communicate with you via that email address regarding updates to the program and your rewards. you acknowledge that all data provided in connection with your my account and the program will be collected and used in accordance with dell’s privacy statement. your name, contact information and transaction history will only be used in relation to your myaccount and dell rewards account. you are responsible for maintaining the security of your my account and my account password. this program is a location-based program. if you decide to participate in the dell rewards program of multiple locations, you must have or create a my account in each location using a different email address for each my account. dell rewards accounts are unique to individual email addresses and cannot be combined or transferred.earning rewards pointsas a member of the program, you are eligible to earn rewards in a variety of ways, including by shopping directly with dell at www.dell.com or via phone with a dell representative at 1-877-275-3355, engaging with select dell content, and other methods that may be communicated by dell from time to time. rewards are issued in the form of points (“rewards points” or “points”) which are typically deposited into your my account within 30 days (usually when your order ships). you can receive up to 9% of the dell product purchase price before tax in rewards points per transaction for purchases made in the united states online dell store at www.dell.com. base reward value is 3% back, 9% back is available on all monitors for a limited time. rewards points can be converted to dell dollars directly at checkout. dell dollars represent a rebate which can be applied against future purchases on www.dell.com (excluding dell outlet purchases, dell premier page orders and select third-party products). the total amount of rewards points that can be earned each dell fiscal quarter shall not exceed 200,000. (the dell fiscal calendar begins in february.) rewards points can be earned in the following ways:purchases from dell. points can be earned on most purchases directly from dell (excluding dell outlet purchases, dell premier page orders, select third party products and other exclusions as determined and communicated by dell). the total number of points available per product purchased varies. the number of points that can be earned per product and total points available per order total will be displayed on dell.com shop pages and in cart and checkout. not all products are eligible for rewards points, and some products may earn extra points.engagement with dell. points can also be earned through various methods of engagement with selected dell content, such as logging in to your my account, responding to dell surveys or opting-in to dell marketing communications. dell may place limits on the number of times you may earn points for such engagements (e.g., members only earn points for one my account login per week).certain orders are not eligible for rewards points, including but not limited to those placed by resellers, third parties, or as the result of fraud. outlet purchases do not qualify for rewards points. dell reserves the right to add, modify or discontinue any rewards points earning opportunities any time in its sole discretion. rewards points expirationrewards points expire on the 15th day of the fourth month following the month in which they are earned. for example, any points earned in january will expire on may 15 of the same year. dell will send you monthly notices reminding you of your points that are expiring. however, it is your responsibility to keep track of your rewards points expiration dates. month of point issuance date of expiry january may 15 february june 15 march july 15 april august 15 may september 15 june october 15 july november 15 august december 15 september january 15 october february 15 november march 15 december april 15 redeeming rewards pointsmembers must redeem rewards points in their shopping cart (if logged in to dell my account), or with a dell sales representative before the applicable expiration date. rewards points can be used/redeemed in a variety of ways, including:dell dollars (future dell.com purchases). points can be redeemed for dell dollars which can be used towards purchases on www.dell.com (excluding dell outlet purchases, dell premier page purchases, and select third-party products). once issued, dell dollars will also expire on the 15th day of the fourth month following the month in which they were issued.special offers. dell may offer members the opportunity to redeem points for special offers on specific products, including from dell partners. special offers represent discount coupons. these offers may be presented to all members or to select members based on expressed interests or level of engagement in the program. such offers will be subject to terms and limitations communicated with the offer.games. dell may also offer the opportunity to use points to play games, including for a chance to win prizes.rewards points, dell dollars, and special offers are issued on a promotional basis as part of the program and have no cash value. they cannot be purchased and cannot be redeemed, in whole or in part, for actual money, transferred to third parties or combined with any third-party rewards points. rewards points, dell dollars, and special offers can be used in conjunction with other dell promotions. returned or cancelled purchases will be refunded according to the way they were paid. any portion of the purchase using dell dollars will be automatically returned to the member’s dell dollars balance. the value of any special offers will need to be returned manually. members should contact customer care at 1-877-275-3355 to have the special offer value applied to their replacement order or corresponding points returned to their rewards points balance.additional program benefitsin addition to being eligible for rewards points, program members may receive access to member-only offers (conditions may apply) and other benefits from time to time, such as events, exclusive content, and member-only discounts. these may be limited time offers and/or targeted based on your expressed interests or level of engagement in the program.membership cancellationto cancel your membership, log in to your my account, navigate to privacy > deactivate dell rewards. you will be able to opt out of the dell rewards program on this page. please note you will no longer earn rewards points on future purchases and access to other program benefits will be removed. if you cancel your membership in error, you can recover your dell rewards account by clicking any dell rewards “join for free” link on dell.com and re-registering for the program using the same email address you were previously enrolled with. any rewards still tied to your account will have maintained their previous expiration dates.limitation of liabilityin no event will dell be liable for any indirect, consequential, exemplary, incidental, or punitive damages, including lost profits, even if dell has been advised of the possibility of such damages. you agree that dell’s liability in any dispute will be capped at the total amount you spent on eligible dell orders as a program member in the last 12 months. some states do not allow limitation of certain damages, so these limitations may not apply to you. if you are a new jersey resident, this provision will not apply to claims for damages caused by dell’s intentional, reckless or grossly negligent conduct.miscellaneousthese terms do not create any legal relationship between you and dell.dell’s failure to enforce a right does not mean that dell has waived that right.dell may assign its rights under these terms, but you may not do so.these terms, in addition to any other dell terms you agree to in connection with your purchases or offers you accept, comprise the entire agreement between dell and you about your participation in the program.dell is not responsible or liable for any technical, hardware, software, server, website, or other failures outside our control that prevents you from participating in the program.dell is not responsible or liable for any technical or other failures which result in additional rewards points being added to your my account in error, and dell shall have the right to remove such rewards points from your my account at any time and without notice. in the event any purchases are made using such rewards points, dell shall not be liable to honor such purchases.governing law and jurisdiction; dispute resolutionyou agree that the laws of the state of texas will govern any claim or dispute relating to these terms, the program, your access to and participation in the program, or any combination of these items (the “dispute”), without regard to texas conflicts of laws principles. you agree to submit to, and waive any objection to, the personal and exclusive jurisdiction of and venue in the federal and state courts located within travis county, texas. before you or dell file any lawsuit regarding a dispute, you and dell will attempt to resolve the dispute through negotiation or through mediation using a mutually agreeable mediator. you and dell will treat the existence or results of any negotiation or mediation as confidential. if the parties are unable to resolve the dispute within thirty days of notice of the dispute to the other party, the parties will be free to pursue all remedies available at law or equity. notwithstanding the foregoing, either party has the right, on an individual basis, to seek a temporary restraining order, preliminary injunction, or other equitable relief from a court of competent jurisdiction to preserve the status quo, prevent irreparable harm, avoid the expiration of any applicable limitation periods, or preserve a superior position with respect to other creditors. if you are a consumer and your claim relates to a purchase from dell, including any claim related to a dell product, order or marketing of a product you purchased, your claim is subject to the dispute resolution and binding arbitration provision in the dell consumer terms of sale, which requires individual arbitration of claims. intel® core™ ultra processors learn more about intel compare compare products () add the products you would like to compare, and quickly determine which is best for your needs. hide add the products you would like to compare, and quickly determine which is best for your needs. previous page next page compare products us/en site map account account my account order status profile settings my products make a payment dell rewards balance support support support home contact technical support returns connect with us connect with us community contact us x (twitter) linkedin instagram youtube site map us/en our offerings our offerings artificial intelligence products solutions services deals our company our company who we are careers dell technologies capital investors newsroom recycling corporate impact customer stories our partners our partners find a partner find a reseller oem solutions partner program resources resources blog dell rewards events email sign-up specialty product collections privacy center security & trust center trial software downloads dell technologies dell premier dell financial services copyright © 2025 dell inc. terms of sale privacy statement do not sell or share my personal information cookies, ads & emails legal & regulatory accessibility anti-slavery, human trafficking & child labor marketing campaign claims/legal disclaimers1. returns the 30-day return period is calculated from invoice date. exceptions to dell's standard return policy still apply, and certain products are not eligible for return at any time. see dell.com/returnpolicy. 2. expedited delivery: expedited delivery not available on certain tvs, monitors, batteries and adapters, and is available in continental (except alaska) u.s. only. other exceptions apply. not valid for resellers and/or online auctions. offers subject to change, not combinable with all other offers. see dell.com/rewardsfaq. 3. onsite service after remote diagnosis and other important information: *on-site service or advanced exchange service after remote diagnosis: (a) on-site service after remote diagnosis is determined by the online or phone technician, and may involve customer access to the inside of the system and multiple extended sessions. if the issue is covered by the limited hardware warranty and cannot be resolved remotely, the technician and/or replacement part will be dispatched, usually in 1 or 2 business days, following the completion of the remote diagnosis. the customer must return the original hardware to dell according to the rules specified. on-site service is provided by dell marketing l.p; availability varies. other conditions apply. (b) advanced exchange service replaces hardware after remote diagnosis. the customer must return the original hardware to dell according to the rules specified. advanced exchange service is subject to country availability. (c) for complete details about on-site service or advanced exchange service, see dell.com/servicecontracts.4. accidental damage-additional information: accidental damage service excludes theft, loss, and damage due to fire, flood or other acts of nature, or intentional damage. customer may be required to return damaged unit to dell. limit of 1 qualified incident per contract year. for more information, consumers visit accidental damage service contract (consumer) or commercial customers visit accidental damage service contract (commercial). 5. powerscale optimizes your workloads with up to 186pb per cluster.5 feel the flexibility of powerscale. 9.5x more pb per cluster than pure flashblade//s.5 5based on dell analysis, july 2023. 6. powerstore intelligently automates with 5x better data density.6 powerstore delivers 5x better data density than pure flasharray//x20.6 6based on dell internal analysis using publicly available specs in august 2023 comparing maximum effective capacity for powerstore 1200 and flasharray //x20. assumes average 4:1 data reduction for powerstore, 5:1 for pure storage. actual results vary. 7. world’s broadest storage portfolio with comprehensive security features.7 7based on dell analysis of primary, unstructured, pbba and hci segments, april 2023. 8. based on idc worldwide quarterly personal computing device tracker, may 9, 2025 – units9. based on idc worldwide quarterly personal computing device tracker, may 9, 2025 – units10. an all-dell it environment is up to 22.4% cheaper with accessories versus a heterogeneous dell and apple environment.10 10 based on a principled technologies report commissioned by dell technologies, “lower cost, more choice: the benefits of choosing all-dell business laptops,” june 2023. actual results may vary. full report 11. dell offers more business laptop and mobile workstation models and form factors, more monitor models and more options to customize device configuration than apple¹¹. 11based on a principled technologies report commissioned by dell technologies, “lower cost, more choice: the benefits of choosing all-dell business laptops,” june 2023. actual results may vary. full report 12. the ces innovation awards are based upon descriptive materials submitted to the judges. cta did not verify the accuracy of any submission or of any claims made and did not test the item to which the award was given.13. based on may 2024 strategic thermal lab report commissioned by dell technologies using cinebench 2024 multi-core, 10-minute-stress test - april 2024 comparing internal test data with xps 13, qualcomm snapdragon x elite - x1e80100, qualcomm adreno graphics, 64gb memory, 2tb ssd vs. macbook air 13, m3 8-core cpu, 10-core gpu, 16gb memory, 512gb ssd. 14. dell has the industry’s most comprehensive portfolio of multi-cloud-capable storage from a single vendor. based on dell analysis. february 2024. 15. the world’s most comprehensive storage portfolio with robust security. based on dell analysis of primary, unstructured, pbba, and hci segments, february 2024. 16. for supported systems and requirements, please refer to our user guide (supportassist for home pcs version for personal use) or administrator guide (supportassist for business pcs version for pc fleet management) and click "supported pcs". proactive and predictive capabilities depend upon your active service plan and dell technologies business rules. for prosupport suite for pcs capabilities, view our administrator guide and click "connect and manage capabilities and dell service plans". for dell care suite, premium support suite, or alienware care suite for pcs capabilities, view the user guide and click "supportassist capabilities and dell service plans".17. based on dell analysis of cybersecurity software capabilities, flexibility-related features including functional, operational and hardware flexibility; and efficiency-related features including data reduction, storage capacity, data protection overhead, hardware, rack units, lifecycle management, and energy star certified configuration, june 2024. 18. based on dell analysis of public information on data reduction guarantees, april 2024. see terms and conditions for details at: https://www.delltechnologies.com/asset/en-us/products/storage/legal-pricing/dr-guarantee-tc-powerscale.pdf. actual data reduction rates will vary.19. world's first ethernet-based nvidia dgx superpod certified storage. based on dell analysis, march 2024.i idc quarterly server tracker, 2024q4, march 12, 2025, x86 and mainstream server revenue and units. dell technologies defines mainstream servers as standard racks, towers, blades, and large systems. revenue share for x86 is a statistical tie. idc declares a statistical tie in the worldwide server market when there is a difference of one percent or less in the share of revenues among two or more vendors.† screen simulated, subject to change. feature availability and rollout timing varies by market and device. △ pc game pass: subscription continues automatically at regular monthly price unless cancelled. subject to xbox.com/subscriptionterms. terms and exclusions apply. game catalog varies over time, by region, and by device. system requirements vary by game. all rights reserved. xbox.com/pcgamepass, ea.com/ea-play/terms.* dell rewards up to 9% excludes taxes and shipping. base reward value is 3% back, 9% back is available on all monitors for a limited time. rewards expire on the 15th day of the fourth month following the month in which they were earned. the total amount of rewards points that can be earned each dell fiscal quarter shall not exceed 200,000. (the dell fiscal calendar begins in february.) outlet purchases do not qualify for rewards. expedited delivery not available on certain monitors, batteries and adapters and is available in continental (except alaska) u.s. only. other exceptions and restrictions apply. not valid for resellers and/or online auctions. offers and rewards subject to change without notice, not combinable with all other offers. see full program terms at dell.com/rewards.pricing: the pricing available on this site is dell’s pricing for online purchases only. no discounts apply to dell’s online pricing other than the savings listed on this site. any promotional savings listed on this site are referenced off the estimated value of the applicable product or service, unless otherwise stated. “estimated value” is dell’s estimate of product value based on industry data, including the prices at which third-party retailers have offered or valued the same or comparable products, in its most recent survey of major online and/or off-line retailers. third-party retailer data may not be based on actual sales. if you have contractual terms with dell that refer to list pricing, please contact your dell sales representative to obtain information about dell’s list pricing. “best/lowest price of the year” claims are based on calendar year-to-date price.dell student discount: offer valid until 1/31/25 at 7am cst. discount is valid with select other offers, but not with other coupons. offer does not apply to, and is not available with, systems or items purchased through refurbished items or spare parts. purchase limit of 5 discounted items per order. not valid for resellers and/or online auctions. dell reserves the right to cancel orders arising from pricing or other errors. exclusions include: all limited quantity deals order codes, clearance offers, all warranties, gift cards, and other select electronics and accessories. paypal: subscription products are not eligible for pay in 4 trademarks: dell technologies, dell and other trademarks are trademarks of dell inc. or its subsidiaries. microsoft and windows are us registered of microsoft corporation. ultrabook, celeron, celeron inside, core inside, intel, intel logo, intel atom, intel atom inside, intel core, intel inside, intel inside logo, intel vpro, itanium, itanium inside, intel evo, intel optane, iris, itanium, max, pentium, pentium inside, vpro inside, xeon, xeon phi, xeon inside, thunderbolt and the thunderbolt logo are trademarks of intel corporation or its subsidiaries in the u.s. and/or other countries. amd, and the amd arrow logo, and combinations thereof are trademarks of advanced micro devices, inc.. the nvidia logo, geforce, geforce rtx, geforce rtx super, geforce gtx, geforce gtx super, grid, shield, battery boost, reflex, dlss, cuda, fxaa, gamestream, g-sync, g-sync ultimate, nvlink, shadowplay, sli, txaa, physx, geforce experience, geforce now, maxwell, pascal and turing are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of nvidia corporation in the u.s. and other countries. usb type-c® and usb-c® are registered trademarks of usb implementers forum. snapdragon is a trademark or registered trademark of qualcomm incorporated. other trademarks may be trademarks of their respective owners.** payment solutions provided and serviced by dell financial services l.l.c. or its affiliate or designee (“dfs”) for qualified customers. offers may not be available or may vary in certain countries. where available offers may be changed without notice and are subject to product availability, applicable law, credit approval, documentation provided by and acceptable to dfs and may be subject to minimum or maximum transaction size. offers not available for personal, family or household use. dell technologies and the dell technologies logo are trademarks of dell inc. restrictions and additional requirements may apply to transactions with governmental or public entities or resellers. california: loans made or arranged pursuant to california finance lenders law license #6037884. dell pay pro: customer owns the equipment after a contract is entered into and customer makes equal monthly installments over the agreed term.dell pay credit: a a soft inquiry is used to check your eligibility which will not affect your credit score. [ ↑ ]b deferred interest, payment required plan: interest will be charged to your account from the purchase date if the promotional plan balance is not paid in full within the promotional period. minimum payments are required for each credit plan. minimum payments are not guaranteed to pay the promotional plan balance within the promotional period. you may have to pay more than the minimum payment to avoid accrued interest charges. valid for single transaction only. if the single transaction has multiple shipments, each shipment may result in a separate credit plan, subject to a separate minimum purchase requirement. taxes and shipping are not included in the promotional plan minimum spend threshold. refurbished and/or used purchases do not qualify for promotions. qualifying purchases will automatically be placed on a promotional plan. if purchase qualifies for more than one plan, it will be placed on the qualified plan with the longest promotional period. as of april 2025, terms for new accounts: purchase apr of 35.99%. minimum interest charge is $3 in any billing period in which interest is due. a fee of $2.99 per month may apply for each paper billing statement mailed to you. you can avoid this fee by enrolling in paperless statements. existing account holders: see your credit account agreement for account terms.[ ↑ ]c account must not be in default. [ ↑ ]d to join dell rewards, sign into your dell account (or create one) and select the box to join the dell rewards program. your name and email is all you need to join. offer will be received within 30 business days after dell pay credit account open date. this rewards program is provided by dell and its terms may change at any time. for full rewards terms and conditions, please see dell.com/rewards. [ ↑ ]credit account offers are subject to credit approval. dell pay credit accounts are issued by comenity capital bank. dell pay credit is for personal use only.this site is protected by recaptcha and the google privacy policy and terms of service apply.