来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20191116211212/https://www.dell.com/learn/us/en/uscorp1/policies-privacy
================================================================================

privacy statement regarding customer and online user information | dell sign inbuy online or call 1-800-www-dell shop support community | legal & regulatory compliance policies privacy privacy privacy statement regarding customer and online user information print check out this page on dell.com! email privacy statement this privacy statement regarding customer and online user information (“privacy statement”) applies to dell inc. and its worldwide subsidiaries (“dell,” "we" or "our"), but not to those dell subsidiaries that have published their own privacy and security statements. this privacy statement also does not apply to the websites of our business partners or to any other third parties, even if their websites are linked to our website. we recommend you review the privacy statements of the other parties with which you interact.this privacy statement governs personal information we collect from our customers and online users ("you"), as well as information we automatically collect from your online visits (e.g. data collected via cookies). please refer to your warranty statements and dell's return policy for policies that apply to information contained on hard drives returned to dell.for the purposes of this privacy statement, "business partner" means any subcontractor, vendor or other entity with whom we have an ongoing business relationship to provide products, services or information. "personal information" means information that identifies you, such as your name, telephone number and email address. information we collecthow we use personal informationdisclosing personal informationhow you can access your informationselecting your communication preferences and opting out of marketinghow we secure your personal informationcollection and use of children's personal informationhow we and our partners use cookies and web beaconssocial media featureslinks to third-party websites and serviceschanges to this privacy statementcontacting uscountry specific privacy information we collectwe may ask you to provide personal information when you use our websites; request quotes, services, support, downloads, trials, whitepapers or information; place orders for products or services or register for events or webinars; apply for a credit card or financing; participate in surveys, sweepstakes or other promotional activities online or in any other venue; subscribe to newsletters, dell programs, promotional emails or other materials; apply for a job, submit your resume/cv or create a candidate profile; or contact us.personal information we request may include your email address, name, home address and telephone number. if you make a purchase, we may ask for your credit card number and billing information. we may also ask for your social security number and other data to process your credit or financing request. job applicants may be asked to provide information such as educational background, employment experience and job interest, and such information can be recorded and processed in different countries. we may also collect demographic information, such as your business or company information, age, gender, interests, and preferences. forms that you choose to complete will indicate whether information requested is mandatory or voluntary.we may collect information about your visits to our websites, including the pages you view, the links and advertisements you click, search terms you enter, and other actions you take in connection with dell websites and services. we may also collect certain information from the browser you used to come to our website, such as your internet protocol (ip) address, browser type and language, access times, the uniform resource locator (url) of the website that referred you to our website and to which url you browse away from our site if you click on a link on our site.in order to offer you a more consistent and personalized experience in your interactions with dell, information collected through one source may be combined with information dell obtains through other sources. this may include information that allows us to identify you across multiple devices through which you access our websites. we may also supplement the information we collect with information obtained from other parties, including our business partners and other third parties. some dell services may be co-branded and offered in conjunction with another company. if you register for or use such services, both dell and the other company may receive information collected in conjunction with the co-branded services, and may use the information according to each company's privacy statement and other agreements with you. how we use personal informationdell uses your personal information to:deliver the services and support or carry out the transactions you have requested; send communications to you, such as product safety information, your transaction status including order confirmations, information about particular dell programs in which you have chosen to participate, information about products and services available from dell and its subsidiaries, promotional offers and surveys; facilitate communications from dell business partners; customize, analyze and improve our products, services (including the content and advertisements on our website), technologies, communications and relationship with you; enforce our conditions of sale, website terms and/or separate contracts (if applicable) with you; prevent fraud and other prohibited or illegal activities; protect the security or integrity of our website(s), our business(es), or our products or services; or otherwise, as disclosed to you at the point of collection.personal information collected may be stored and processed in the united states or any other country in which dell or its subsidiaries or business partners maintain facilities. disclosing personal informationwe may share your personal information with subsidiaries or business partners to carry out transactions you request, or to make our business or that of our subsidiaries more responsive to your needs, which includes our subsidiaries providing you with information about dell, and dell-branded products and services. these communications may include requests relating to dell and dell-branded products or services or offers. we will only share your personal information with business partners who agree to protect your personal information and use it solely for the purposes set forth by dell.in addition, dell may share your personal information with participants in our sales and marketing chain, including but not limited to retailers, resellers, distributors, integrators, order fulfillers and some sales agents (“channel partners”), for the limited purposes of selling, marketing or providing support for dell products and services. we may also disclose your personal information in connection with law enforcement, fraud prevention or other legal action; as required by law or regulation; if dell (or a part of dell) is sold or merges with another company; or if dell reasonably believes it is necessary to protect dell, its customers or the public.except as described above, we will not disclose your personal information to third parties for their own marketing purposes without your consent. how you can access your informationdell wants to help you keep your personal information accurate. to view or edit your personal information that has been stored online in your dell account, please visit the my account or premier account sections of the dell.com website. for the security of your account, you will be required to sign in with your login id and password. if you have any questions about the type of personal information we hold about you or if you wish to request deletion or correction of personal information we hold about you, please send a written request to privacy@dell.com or the postal address provided at the bottom of this privacy statement. selecting your communication preferences and opting out of marketingyou may choose to receive or not receive marketing communications from dell by indicating your preferences. opportunities to select your preferences include the following: the my account and premier account sections on dell.com allow you to choose whether you wish to receive marketing communications from dell, and to subscribe or unsubscribe to newsletters about our products and services; and at any point you can also visit our list removal page and submit a request to be removed from our advertising and marketing lists (catalogs, telephone, faxes and email); when you save a cart while shopping online, you can choose to receive email reminders; any marketing by dell, or any third parties on behalf of dell, will be conducted in accordance with applicable laws and include where applicable methods to allow you to express your preferences (including the possibility of being removed from our advertising and marketing lists as set forth above).please allow up to 10 business days for your email preferences to take effect. because some promotions, such as direct mail catalogs, are developed in advance, you may sometimes receive solicitations after we receive your preference request. how we secure your personal informationdell takes all reasonable steps to protect your personal information from misuse, interference and loss, as well as unauthorized access, modification or disclosure. the ways we do this include:using encryption when collecting or transferring sensitive information, such as credit card details; limiting physical access to our premises; limiting access to the information we collect about you; ensuring that we and our business partners have appropriate security safeguards to keep personal information secure; and where required by law, destroying or de-identifying personal information. collection and use of children's personal informationdell takes children's privacy seriously. we do not knowingly collect personal information from children under the age of 13 through our websites. if you are under 13 years of age, please do not submit any personal information through our websites without the express consent and participation of a parent or guardian. how we and our partners use cookies and web beaconshow we and our partners use cookiesdell websites use dell and third-party "cookies" to enable you to sign in to our services and to help personalize your online experience. these technologies and the information collected about you may also be used to track your activity across multiple devices. we use cookies to store your preferences and other information on your computer in order to save you time by eliminating the need to enter the same information repeatedly.a cookie is a piece of text that is placed on your computer's hard drive. depending on the settings you have selected, your browser adds the text to your device as a small file. many browsers are set to accept cookies by default. you have the ability to accept or decline cookies as you prefer. the help portion of your web browser, most likely found on the toolbar, typically tells you how to prevent your browser from accepting new cookies, how to have the browser notify you when you receive a new cookie, or how to disable cookies altogether.cookies allow you to take advantage of some of dell's essential features, including allowing you to save a shopping cart and remembering items in your shopping cart between visits. if you choose to decline cookies, you may not be able to sign in or use other interactive features of dell websites and services that depend on cookies.targeted display advertising by dell and othersdell also works with advertising and personalization business partners to use cookies, internet browsing, cross-mobile application browsing and online purchase data across multiple devices to help us display personalized content and appropriate advertising during your visits to mobile applications, dell.com and other websites. cookies placed by these business partners also assist us with measuring the performance of our advertising campaigns and with identifying the pages you view, the links and ads you click on, other actions you take on those web pages, and the site from which you came before arriving at a web page. these cookies can be effective whether you are on dell.com or another website.learn more about targeted advertising and how to opt out.“do not track” signalsplease note that while you may have the opportunity to opt-out of targeted advertising through the “learn more” link above and you may be able to control the use of cookies through your web browser as described in the “how we and our partners use cookies” section above, some web browsers may also give you the ability to enable a “do not track” setting. this setting sends a special signal to the websites you encounter while web browsing. this “do not track” signal is different from disabling certain forms of tracking by declining cookies in your browser settings, as browsers with the “do not track” setting enabled still have the ability to accept cookies. dell does not respond to web browser “do not track” signals at this time. if we do so in the future, we will describe how we do so in this privacy statement. for more information about “do not track,” visit www.allaboutdnt.org.targeted email marketing by dellsome marketing you receive, including email marketing, may also be personalized based on your visits to dell.com and your browsing and purchase history. in addition, when you click on some links in email marketing you receive, our email service provider may place a cookie on your browser. this type of cookie would be linked to your email address or ip address and used to gather information about the products and services you view and purchase on dell.com. information gathered may be used to personalize and customize future email marketing messages you receive. you may opt out of this use by clicking on the unsubscribe link provided in every personalized email marketing message you receive.  how we and our partners use web beacons, pixel tags and tracking technologydell or its business partners may use web beacons on our websites, in our email messages, in our advertisements on other websites, or in our advertisements in others' email messages. similarly, third parties whose content or advertisements appear at dell.com, or whose email messages dell.com sends to our users, may also place web beacons in their advertisements or email messages for purposes of measuring the effectiveness of the content, advertisements or email messages.a web beacon is an electronic image that can be used to recognize a cookie on your computer when you view a web page or email message. web beacons help us measure the effectiveness of our website and our advertising in various ways. for example, web beacons may count the number of individuals who visit our website from a particular advertisement or who make a purchase from our website after viewing a particular advertisement or they may tell us when a web page is viewed and provide a description of the page where the web beacon is placed. web beacons may also measure the effectiveness of our email campaigns, by counting the number of individuals who open or act upon an email message, determining when an email message is opened and determining how many times an email message is forwarded. subject to local laws, we may combine the information that we collect through web beacons with other personal information we have collected from you.we may allow some of our business partners to compile individual or aggregated statistics from the use of web beacons on dell.com by dell, its agents or others, to determine the effectiveness of online marketing and to develop statistics on how often clicking on an advertisement results in a purchase or other action on the advertiser's site. aggregate information may include demographic and usage information. no personal information about you is shared with business partners for this research.you can make some web beacons unusable by rejecting cookies in your web browser as described in the how we and our partners use cookies section above.when you visit our websites or view one of our email messages, we may use pixel tags (also called "clear" gifs), tracking links and/or similar technology to note some of the pages you visit on our websites. we may also use pixel tags to determine what types of email your browser supports. we may use the information collected through web beacons, pixel tags, tracking links and similar technology in combination with your personal information to personalize your experience on dell.com and to provide you with more useful and relevant advertisements. social media featuresour website includes social media features, including facebook “like” button and twitter “follow” button. these features may collect your ip address, which page you are visiting on our site, and may set a cookie to enable the feature to function properly. social media features are either hosted by a third party or hosted directly on our site. your interactions with these features are governed by the privacy policy of the company providing it. links to third-party websites and servicesplease be aware that dell provides links to other websites, which if you click on them may collect personal information about you. the information practices of those third-party websites linked to dell.com are not covered by this privacy statement. we generally use the "" symbol to mark links that go to third party websites. changes to this privacy statementwe will occasionally update this privacy statement. if we make changes to this privacy statement or make any material changes to how we use your personal information, we will revise this privacy statement to reflect such changes and revise this privacy statement's effective date, included at the end of this section. we encourage you to periodically review this privacy statement to be informed of how we are using and protecting your personal information. contacting usif you would like to contact us for any reason regarding our privacy practices, please write to us at the following address:dell inc.attention: privacyone dell way, rr1-61round rock, texas 78682usayou may also email us at privacy@dell.com. effective date: april 13, 2017. do more with dellemployee and student discountspartner programdell outletmake a paymentabout dellinvestorscompany informationcorporate social responsibilitycustomer engagementcareersdell newsroomdell technologieslegalads & emailsprivacy statementlegal & regulatoryterms of saletrademarkscommunitythe dell emc communityread our blogevents © 2019 dellterms of saleunresolved issuesprivacyads & emailscontactsite mapfeedback ultrabook, celeron, celeron inside, core inside, intel, intel logo, intel atom, intel atom inside, intel core, intel inside, intel inside logo, intel vpro, itanium, itanium inside, pentium, pentium inside, vpro inside, xeon, xeon phi, xeon inside, and intel optane are trademarks of intel corporation or its subsidiaries in the u.s. and/or other countries.^dell preferred account (dpa): offered to u.s. residents by webbank, member fdic, who determines qualifications for and terms of credit. taxes, shipping, and other charges are extra and vary. dell and the dell logo are trademarks of dell inc.^dell business credit: offered to business customers by webbank, member fdic, who determines qualifications for and terms of credit. taxes, shipping and other charges are extra and vary. minimum monthly payments are the greater of $15 or 3% of the new balance shown on the monthly billing statement. dell and the dell logo are trademarks of dell inc.