来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20250316225640/https://www.dell.com/en-us/shop/scc/sc/servers
================================================================================

servers - rack, tower & edge servers | dell usa skip to main content sign in welcome dell sites dell technologies premier sign in partner program sign in dell financial services support dell sites dell technologies premier sign in partner program sign in dell financial services support my account order status profile settings my products make a payment dell rewards balance sign out welcome to dell my account place orders quickly and easily view orders and track your shipping status enjoy members-only rewards and discounts create and access a list of your products sign in create an account premier sign in dell financial services partner program sign in contact us us/en cart your dell.com carts artificial intelligence it infrastructure back it infrastructure dell apex multicloud & aas products back products servers data storage data protection hyperconverged infrastructure networking infrastructure accessories sustainable data center aiops & it observability workloads back workloads view all workloads analytics cloud solutions data management edge solutions kubernetes & containers security solutions virtual desktop infrastructure industry back industry view all industry digital cities energy, climate action & sustainability federal government financial healthcare & life sciences higher education k-12 education manufacturing retail safety & security state & local government telecommunications utilities payment solutions developers & devops computers & accessories back computers & accessories laptops back laptops view all laptops dell laptops dell pro laptops dell pro max laptops alienware laptops latitude laptops xps laptops inspiron laptops g series laptops precision mobile workstations rugged laptops chromebook laptops 4g/5g laptops copilot+ pcs desktops & all-in-ones back desktops & all-in-ones view all desktops & all-in-ones dell desktops dell pro desktops dell pro max desktops alienware desktops optiplex desktops & all-in-ones inspiron desktops & all-in-ones precision fixed workstations monitors back monitors view all monitors dell monitors dell pro monitors dell ultrasharp monitors gaming monitors alienware monitors ultrawide monitors 4k monitors curved monitors monitors with speakers video conferencing monitors monitor accessories gaming back gaming alienware dell gaming gaming laptops gaming desktops alienware & gaming monitors gaming accessories virtual reality & simulators video games pc accessories back pc accessories view all pc accessories docking stations audio keyboards & mice printers & scanners laptop bags & cases wi-fi & networking hard drives & storage webcams electronics back electronics home electronics projectors cameras, photo & video parts, batteries & upgrades software thin clients workstations back workstations view all workstations dell pro max laptops dell pro max desktops precision mobile workstations precision fixed workstations services back services view all services professional services back professional services view all professional services artificial intelligence services multicloud services data & applications services modern workforce services security & resiliency services lifecycle services back lifecycle services view all lifecycle services deployment services managed & residency services support services recovery & recycling services training & certification technology & tools premier: e-procurement & integrations support back support support home support library support videos support services & warranty drivers & downloads manuals & documentation pc diagnostics self-repair & parts service requests & dispatch status order support contact technical support community deals back deals view all deals clearance deals laptop deals desktop deals gaming pc deals business deals back business deals business laptop deals business desktop deals monitor deals electronics & accessories deals why buy direct from dell discounts, offers & coupons back discounts, offers & coupons view all discounts, offers & coupons student discounts military & veteran discounts employee discounts dell rewards dell expert network small business associations dell for startups financing dell outlet (certified refurbished) contact us us/en back usa servers, storage & networking servers back accelerate with intel® xeon® compare servers power your innovation engine with technology solutions that help you innovate, adapt, and grow. all server solutions accelerate with intel® xeon® compare looking to buy? shop now technology leadership acceleration-optimized poweredge servers were key to securing dell technologies’ position as a leader in ai infrastructure solutions during the first quarter of 2024, according to the forrester wave™ report. read the blog competitive advantage increase security, flexibility, and efficiency with dell server management tools. third-party testing shows organizations can save up to 110 minutes of admin time per 100 servers with automatic updates and experience up to 3.5x more security features compared to supermicro. read the independent report based on a principled technologies report commissioned by dell technologies, "increase security, sustainability, and efficiency with robust dell management tools compared to the supermicro management portfolio", april 2024. comparing dell idrac9 vs supermicro ipmi. extrapolated time to update firmware on 100 servers every subsequent time. actual results may vary. see full report: https://www.delltechnologies.com/asset/en-us/products/cross-company/industry-market/principled-technologies-dell-management-portfolio-vs-supermicro-whitepaper.pdf customer successes “together with the dell innovation lab and supported by nvidia, we’re working on ai tools deployed directly on our on-prem poweredge servers which we find much easier, faster, cheaper, and better to deploy than in the cloud.” — dr. mozziyar etemadi, clinical director of advanced technologies, northwestern medicine read the story previous page next page technology leadership acceleration-optimized poweredge servers were key to securing dell technologies’ position as a leader in ai infrastructure solutions during the first quarter of 2024, according to the forrester wave™ report. read the blog competitive advantage increase security, flexibility, and efficiency with dell server management tools. third-party testing shows organizations can save up to 110 minutes of admin time per 100 servers with automatic updates and experience up to 3.5x more security features compared to supermicro. read the independent report customer successes “together with the dell innovation lab and supported by nvidia, we’re working on ai tools deployed directly on our on-prem poweredge servers which we find much easier, faster, cheaper, and better to deploy than in the cloud.” — dr. mozziyar etemadi, clinical director of advanced technologies, northwestern medicine read the story based on a principled technologies report commissioned by dell technologies, "increase security, sustainability, and efficiency with robust dell management tools compared to the supermicro management portfolio", april 2024. comparing dell idrac9 vs supermicro ipmi. extrapolated time to update firmware on 100 servers every subsequent time. actual results may vary. see full report: https://www.delltechnologies.com/asset/en-us/products/cross-company/industry-market/principled-technologies-dell-management-portfolio-vs-supermicro-whitepaper.pdf efficient save up to $50k annually for every 100 servers by optimizing power and server utilization comparison done dell on dell. savings based on national figure. climate friendly 80% of dell servers have achieved epeat climate+ designations based on internal analysis and currently shipping products, september 2023. epeat registered where applicable. epeat registration varies by country. see www.epeat.net for registration status and tier levels by country. servers what's new products demo offerings resources shop meet the new lineup seamlessly integrate ai into your business transformation with the newest poweredge servers. explore the latest servers accelerate transformation anywhere with poweredge server solutions ai servers purpose-built for artificial intelligence (ai), generative ai (genai), and high performance computing (hpc) applications. these powerful platforms come equipped with state-of-the-art security systems, offer diverse gpu options, and are optimized for superior acceleration. explore servers for ai data center servers deliver the increased performance, enhanced energy efficiency, and evolving cyber resilience that is demanded by modern data centers. support transforming business needs with reliable infrastructure that reduces costs and scales seamlessly. explore servers for the data center edge servers high-performance edge servers built to handle data-intensive workloads. deliver scalable, efficient, reliable, and intrinsically secure compute performance in any edge location — including constrained spaces and harsh environments. explore servers for the edge integrated rack transform your datacenter with dell’s cutting-edge integrated rack scalable systems (irss). designed for the most intensive ai workloads, our systems are custom-built to maximize space, enhance energy efficiency, and reduce costs, empowering your business to scale seamlessly. explore integrated rack scalable systems power and cooling optimize high-density environments in the data center or at the edge with hybrid air and liquid cooling systems. support continuous operations with solutions that enhance the scalability and efficiency of servers and integrated rack solutions. explore power and cooling solutions security build a cyber-resilient architecture with servers featuring built-in security at every stage of their lifecycle, from design to retirement. protect your data in any it environment against evolving threats with advanced encryption, secure boot, and proactive defense. explore server security solutions systems management manage poweredge servers across virtual, physical, local, and remote environments with intuitive tools that leverage task automation, predictive analytics, and proactive monitoring. these comprehensive tools simplify operations, enabling it teams to focus on innovation. explore system management solutions test drive our server management solutions experience poweredge server management software with self-paced virtual labs and guided demos. virtual labs try our server management software in free, real-time virtual environments. explore hands-on labs interactive demos learn about key features of our server management software through guided demonstrations. explore demos previous page next page transform your business with modern it prepare your infrastructure for the age of ai. join the virtual event on april 8. join us artificial intelligence solutions unlock key insights from your data and elevate your productivity, customer experience, and innovation. explore our solutions for ai data that drives smarter it decisions discover, assess, and modernize your entire infrastructure with dell live optics — from core to cloud to edge. get started cp_dds__icon--pop-up-arrow-corner cp--chevron-right cp--chevron-left cp_dds2__icon--arrow-right server resources resources customer stories related offerings resources explore poweredge server technical resources previous slide next slide analyst report prodeploy with poweredge read the principled technologies report to learn about faster and easier server installation with dell prodeploy factory configuration or prodeploy for infrastructure. read the report brief maximize the value of poweredge with dell services ensure your servers run securely and optimally with expert deployment, support, data, security, and education services. read the brief library poweredge webinars & events explore and register for on-demand events that deliver expertise and industry insights about the latest technology trends. explore the library analyst report prodeploy with poweredge read the principled technologies report to learn about faster and easier server installation with dell prodeploy factory configuration or prodeploy for infrastructure. read the report brief maximize the value of poweredge with dell services ensure your servers run securely and optimally with expert deployment, support, data, security, and education services. read the brief library poweredge webinars & events explore and register for on-demand events that deliver expertise and industry insights about the latest technology trends. explore the library customer stories previous slide next slide phonepe empowering financial inclusion with sustainable technology learn how phonepe seeks to empower millions of people in india with simple, safe, cashless transactions to empower financial inclusion with sustainable technology. read customer story taboola using ai to deliver relevant and precisely targeted content taboola uses ai to deliver relevant, precisely targeted content to deliver four billion precisely targeted web pages every day. read customer story zero farms fueling a revolution in agriculture zero farms revolutionizes agriculture with a new model for vertical farming based on ai on poweredge servers. read customer story phonepe empowering financial inclusion with sustainable technology learn how phonepe seeks to empower millions of people in india with simple, safe, cashless transactions to empower financial inclusion with sustainable technology. read customer story taboola using ai to deliver relevant and precisely targeted content taboola uses ai to deliver relevant, precisely targeted content to deliver four billion precisely targeted web pages every day. read customer story zero farms fueling a revolution in agriculture zero farms revolutionizes agriculture with a new model for vertical farming based on ai on poweredge servers. read customer story related offerings explore poweredge server technical resources previous slide next slide dell premier take your procurement online dell premier solutions offers the most efficient way to procure the technologies you need to run your business. explore dell premier services prosupport for infrastructure enterprise-class support that is customized to the individual needs of your infrastructure and resources. explore prosupport services it management and residency services simplify operations, drive innovation, and accelerate time to value with technology experts that extend your it teams. explore managed services services prodeploy experience faster, better deployment with less it effort with versatile services that fit every budget and operating model. explore prodeploy dell premier take your procurement online dell premier solutions offers the most efficient way to procure the technologies you need to run your business. explore dell premier services prosupport for infrastructure enterprise-class support that is customized to the individual needs of your infrastructure and resources. explore prosupport services it management and residency services simplify operations, drive innovation, and accelerate time to value with technology experts that extend your it teams. explore managed services services prodeploy experience faster, better deployment with less it effort with versatile services that fit every budget and operating model. explore prodeploy custom procurement solutions​ dell premier offers an efficient and customizable way to procure the technologies you need to run your business.​ explore premier solutions​ dell apex subscriptions​ subscribe to your preferred on-premises infrastructure and services for more agility and control.​ explore dell apex​ technology rotation​ take advantage of current-state technology, support the circular economy, and spread cost over time.​ explore technology rotation​ compare compare products () add the products you would like to compare, and quickly determine which is best for your needs. hide add the products you would like to compare, and quickly determine which is best for your needs. previous page next page compare products us/en site map account account my account order status profile settings my products make a payment dell rewards balance support support support home contact technical support returns connect with us connect with us community contact us x (twitter) linkedin instagram youtube site map us/en our offerings our offerings artificial intelligence products solutions services deals our company our company who we are careers dell technologies capital investors newsroom recycling esg & impact customer stories our partners our partners find a partner find a reseller oem solutions partner program resources resources blog dell rewards events email sign-up specialty product collections privacy center security & trust center trial software downloads dell technologies dell premier dell financial services copyright © 2025 dell inc. terms of sale privacy statement do not sell or share my personal information cookies, ads & emails legal & regulatory accessibility anti-slavery, human trafficking & child labor marketing campaign claims/legal disclaimers1. returns the 30-day return period is calculated from invoice date. exceptions to dell's standard return policy still apply, and certain products are not eligible for return at any time. see dell.com/returnpolicy. 2. expedited delivery: expedited delivery not available on certain tvs, monitors, batteries and adapters, and is available in continental (except alaska) u.s. only. other exceptions apply. not valid for resellers and/or online auctions. offers subject to change, not combinable with all other offers. see dell.com/rewardsfaq. 3. onsite service after remote diagnosis and other important information: *on-site service or advanced exchange service after remote diagnosis: (a) on-site service after remote diagnosis is determined by the online or phone technician, and may involve customer access to the inside of the system and multiple extended sessions. if the issue is covered by the limited hardware warranty and cannot be resolved remotely, the technician and/or replacement part will be dispatched, usually in 1 or 2 business days, following the completion of the remote diagnosis. the customer must return the original hardware to dell according to the rules specified. on-site service is provided by dell marketing l.p; availability varies. other conditions apply. (b) advanced exchange service replaces hardware after remote diagnosis. the customer must return the original hardware to dell according to the rules specified. advanced exchange service is subject to country availability. (c) for complete details about on-site service or advanced exchange service, see dell.com/servicecontracts.4. accidental damage-additional information: accidental damage service excludes theft, loss, and damage due to fire, flood or other acts of nature, or intentional damage. customer may be required to return damaged unit to dell. limit of 1 qualified incident per contract year. for more information, consumers visit accidental damage service contract (consumer) or commercial customers visit accidental damage service contract (commercial). 5. powerscale optimizes your workloads with up to 186pb per cluster.5 feel the flexibility of powerscale. 9.5x more pb per cluster than pure flashblade//s.5 5based on dell analysis, july 2023. 6. powerstore intelligently automates with 5x better data density.6 powerstore delivers 5x better data density than pure flasharray//x20.6 6based on dell internal analysis using publicly available specs in august 2023 comparing maximum effective capacity for powerstore 1200 and flasharray //x20. assumes average 4:1 data reduction for powerstore, 5:1 for pure storage. actual results vary. 7. world’s broadest storage portfolio with comprehensive security features.7 7based on dell analysis of primary, unstructured, pbba and hci segments, april 2023. 10. an all-dell it environment is up to 22.4% cheaper with accessories versus a heterogeneous dell and apple environment.10 10 based on a principled technologies report commissioned by dell technologies, “lower cost, more choice: the benefits of choosing all-dell business laptops,” june 2023. actual results may vary. full report 11. dell offers more business laptop and mobile workstation models and form factors, more monitor models and more options to customize device configuration than apple¹¹. 11based on a principled technologies report commissioned by dell technologies, “lower cost, more choice: the benefits of choosing all-dell business laptops,” june 2023. actual results may vary. full report 12. the ces innovation awards are based upon descriptive materials submitted to the judges. cta did not verify the accuracy of any submission or of any claims made and did not test the item to which the award was given.13. based on may 2024 strategic thermal lab report commissioned by dell technologies using cinebench 2024 multi-core, 10-minute-stress test - april 2024 comparing internal test data with xps 13, qualcomm snapdragon x elite - x1e80100, qualcomm adreno graphics, 64gb memory, 2tb ssd vs. macbook air 13, m3 8-core cpu, 10-core gpu, 16gb memory, 512gb ssd. 14. dell has the industry’s most comprehensive portfolio of multi-cloud-capable storage from a single vendor. based on dell analysis. february 2024. 15. the world’s most comprehensive storage portfolio with robust security. based on dell analysis of primary, unstructured, pbba, and hci segments, february 2024. 16. for supported systems and requirements, please refer to our user guide (supportassist for home pcs version for personal use) or administrator guide (supportassist for business pcs version for pc fleet management) and click "supported pcs". proactive and predictive capabilities depend upon your active service plan and dell technologies business rules. for prosupport suite for pcs capabilities, view our administrator guide and click "connect and manage capabilities and dell service plans". for dell care suite, premium support suite, or alienware care suite for pcs capabilities, view the user guide and click "supportassist capabilities and dell service plans".17. based on dell analysis of cybersecurity software capabilities, flexibility-related features including functional, operational and hardware flexibility; and efficiency-related features including data reduction, storage capacity, data protection overhead, hardware, rack units, lifecycle management, and energy star certified configuration, june 2024. 18. based on dell analysis of public information on data reduction guarantees, april 2024. see terms and conditions for details at: https://www.delltechnologies.com/asset/en-us/products/storage/legal-pricing/dr-guarantee-tc-powerscale.pdf. actual data reduction rates will vary.19. world's first ethernet-based nvidia dgx superpod certified storage. based on dell analysis, march 2024.† screen simulated, subject to change. feature availability and rollout timing varies by market and device. * rewards up to 9% excludes taxes and shipping. base reward value is 3% back, 9% back is available on all dell branded displays february 1, 2025 through may 2, 2025. rewards expire on the 15th day of the fourth month following the month in which they were earned. the total amount of rewards points that can be earned each dell fiscal quarter shall not exceed 200,000. (the dell fiscal calendar begins in february.) outlet purchases do not qualify for rewards. expedited delivery not available on certain monitors, batteries and adapters and is available in continental (except alaska) u.s. only. other exceptions and restrictions apply. not valid for resellers and/or online auctions. offers and rewards subject to change without notice, not combinable with all other offers. see full program terms at dell.com/rewards. pricing: the pricing available on this site is dell’s pricing for online purchases only. no discounts apply to dell’s online pricing other than the savings listed on this site. any promotional savings listed on this site are referenced off of a previous online price for the same product, unless otherwise stated. if you have contractual terms with dell that refer to list pricing, please contact your dell sales representative to obtain information about dell’s list pricing. “best/lowest price of the year” claims are based on calendar year-to-date price. dell student discount: offer valid until 1/31/25 at 7am cst. discount is valid with select other offers, but not with other coupons. offer does not apply to, and is not available with, systems or items purchased through refurbished items or spare parts. purchase limit of 5 discounted items per order. not valid for resellers and/or online auctions. dell reserves the right to cancel orders arising from pricing or other errors. exclusions include: all limited quantity deals order codes, clearance offers, all warranties, gift cards, and other select electronics and accessories. paypal: subscription products are not eligible for pay in 4 trademarks: dell technologies, dell and other trademarks are trademarks of dell inc. or its subsidiaries. microsoft and windows are us registered of microsoft corporation. ultrabook, celeron, celeron inside, core inside, intel, intel logo, intel atom, intel atom inside, intel core, intel inside, intel inside logo, intel vpro, itanium, itanium inside, intel evo, intel optane, iris, itanium, max, pentium, pentium inside, vpro inside, xeon, xeon phi, xeon inside, thunderbolt and the thunderbolt logo are trademarks of intel corporation or its subsidiaries in the u.s. and/or other countries. amd, and the amd arrow logo, and combinations thereof are trademarks of advanced micro devices, inc.. the nvidia logo, geforce, geforce rtx, geforce rtx super, geforce gtx, geforce gtx super, grid, shield, battery boost, reflex, dlss, cuda, fxaa, gamestream, g-sync, g-sync ultimate, nvlink, shadowplay, sli, txaa, physx, geforce experience, geforce now, maxwell, pascal and turing are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of nvidia corporation in the u.s. and other countries. usb type-c® and usb-c® are registered trademarks of usb implementers forum. snapdragon is a trademark or registered trademark of qualcomm incorporated. other trademarks may be trademarks of their respective owners.** payment solutions provided and serviced by dell financial services l.l.c. or its affiliate or designee (“dfs”) for qualified customers. offers may not be available or may vary in certain countries. where available offers may be changed without notice and are subject to product availability, applicable law, credit approval, documentation provided by and acceptable to dfs and may be subject to minimum or maximum transaction size. offers not available for personal, family or household use. dell technologies and the dell technologies logo are trademarks of dell inc. restrictions and additional requirements may apply to transactions with governmental or public entities or resellers. california: loans made or arranged pursuant to california finance lenders law license #6037884. dell pay pro: customer owns the equipment after a contract is entered into and customer makes equal monthly installments over the agreed term.dell pay credit: a a soft inquiry is used to check your eligibility which will not affect your credit score. [ ↑ ]b deferred interest, payment required plan: interest will be charged to your account from the purchase date if the promotional plan balance is not paid in full within the promotional period. minimum payments are required for each credit plan. minimum payments are not guaranteed to pay the promotional plan balance within the promotional period. you may have to pay more than the minimum payment to avoid accrued interest charges. valid for single transaction only. if the single transaction has multiple shipments, each shipment may result in a separate credit plan, subject to a separate minimum purchase requirement. taxes and shipping are not included in the promotional plan minimum spend threshold. refurbished and/or used purchases do not qualify for promotions. qualifying purchases will automatically be placed on a promotional plan. if purchase qualifies for more than one plan, it will be placed on the qualified plan with the longest promotional period. as of february 2025, terms for new accounts: purchase apr of 35.99%. minimum interest charge is $3 in any billing period in which interest is due. a fee of $2.99 per month may apply for each paper billing statement mailed to you. you can avoid this fee by enrolling in paperless statements. existing account holders: see your credit account agreement for account terms.[ ↑ ]c account must not be in default. [ ↑ ]d to join dell rewards, sign into your dell account (or create one) and select the box to join the dell rewards program. your name and email is all you need to join. offer will be received within 30 business days after dell pay credit account open date. this rewards program is provided by dell and its terms may change at any time. for full rewards terms and conditions, please see dell.com/rewards. [ ↑ ]credit account offers are subject to credit approval. dell pay credit accounts are issued by comenity capital bank. dell pay credit is for personal use only.this site is protected by recaptcha and the google privacy policy and terms of service apply.