来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20091231020023/http://www.abt.com/blog
================================================================================

abt electronics shop by brand shop by category gift cards gift ideas customer service customer support - 7 days a week call us 888.228.5800 or log in		  |  track your order appliances dehumidifiers outdoor grills /bbqs air purifiers coffee & espresso machines cooking products dishwashers garbage disposals hoods humidifiers ice makers washers and dryers microwave ovens refrigerators & freezers small appliances trash compactors vacuums water dispensers air conditioners water heaters appliance accessories audio home theater systems audio receivers amplifiers cassette decks cd players and recorders mini systems preamplifiers speakers soundbars tuners turntables audio accessories tv & video televisions (tv) blu-ray & dvd players dvd/vcr combos digital video recorders (dvr) dvd recorders hdtv receivers / digital converters satellite systems video accessories trade in your gear cameras & camcorders digital cameras camcorders digital photo frames memory storage printers & scanners camcorder accessories camera accessories trade in your gear portable electronics ipods & mp3 players headphones boomboxes clock radios portable dvd players digital readers personal cd players portable satellite radio radios voice recorders portable accessories trade in your gear communications phones cellular phones answering machines fax machines cellular accessories communication accessories trade in your gear computers netbooks laptop / notebook computers desktop computers computer monitors printers & scanners digital readers networking & modems computer accessories external hard drives trade in your gear mobile electronics car navigation and gps motorcycle gps remote starters & car alarm systems mobile audio mobile video marine audio radar detectors satellite radio mobile accessories trade in your gear furniture plasma/lcd tv mounts tv stands audio racks & video racks bar stools & counter stools ceiling mounts carts & cutting boards entertainment centers home theater chairs leather seating massage chairs speaker stands speaker brackets tube tv mounts gourmet shop small appliances carts & cutting boards cutlery & utensils cookware gourmet food items gourmet shop accessories books other gaming watches clocks sunglasses tumi luggage and wallets garage organizers mosquito repellant kitchen sinks faucets water dispensers paper shredders built-in soap and lotion dispensers outdoor heaters fitness equipment sump pumps irons breathalyzers/health products william henry specials weekly specials new arrivals best sellers rebates just reduced available for pre-order bundles displays & returns best reviewed products financing promotions a holiday gift for you december 30th, 2009 happy new year from abt electronics! to help you ring in 2010, abt is giving you $25 off any order of $250.00 or more, through midnight new years day. our new year present to you is valid on in-store, on-line, and purchases made over the phone. new years eve, abt will be open from 9 a.m. to 6 p.m. and new years day from 10:30 a.m. until 5 p.m. -kelly b. tags: abt's gift to you, new years day, new years eve posted in customer service tools, events, products | leave a comment » iphone experience at abt december 29th, 2009 so, i did it. i joined the iphone revolution. i love the phone and now i get to spend time getting accessories and apps for it. yesterday i walked into the apple store inside the abt showroom to look for a case. i had an idea of what i wanted, something stylish and functional. the tech 21 iband is the one i had my eye on. tech 21 changed the iphone case market. the iband is capable of withstanding a beating—literally. it is made from a material that is pliable like play dough yet when stressed becomes as hard as a rock. it will protect an iphone if dropped from a two story building. certainly, that would be the case for me. i also purchased a switch easy screen protector for additional security. admittedly, i was a little intimidated looking for accessories for my phone. it’s new and i haven’t used anything like it before. the apple sales specialists calmed my nerves and were able to answer all of my questions. if you would like more information on cases for an iphone, ipod, or apple accessories, speak with an apple sales specialist today. -kelly b. tags: iband, iphone, switch easy, tech 21 posted in products, technology | leave a comment » clearly a good option december 28th, 2009 have you heard of clear internet? if you are thinking about switching to 4g wimax, now is the time. if you sign up for a two-year clear internet contract at abt electronics or on abt.com, you will receive an epc1005haeu1x netbook, a $299 value. a great aspect of clear internet is the freedom it brings. unlike wifi, wireless we are all used to, wimax isn’t limited to a small area like your home, a store, or school. wimax has region-wide coverage. with clear internet, you are able to roam freely and still get internet at ultra-fast 4g speed. clear internet will even piggy-back onto other wireless signals if you are out of range—so you can stay connected anywhere. clear internet is currently available in select cities. if you have questions or would like to see if clear internet is available in your area, speak with an abt sales specialist in-store or on-line, today. -kelly b. tags: clear, clear internet, wifi, wimax posted in customer service tools, events, products, technology | leave a comment » happy holidays december 24th, 2009 from everyone at abt, we wish you a happy and healthy holiday season. we are here to assist you in the store, on the phone, or via live chat until 6 p.m. this evening. the abt’s showroom, phone sales, and live chat will be closed on december 25, but our website is always open! again, happy holidays from the abt family to you! -kelly b. tags: abt.com, abt’s showroom, live chat, phone sales posted in customer service tools, events, products | leave a comment » replace your vcr!!! december 23rd, 2009 would you like to record your favorite programming on to a dvd? the toshiba dr570 dvd recorder will give you that ability. you can also record programming from vhs tapes to dvd if you connect to a vcr. one touch recording makes recording your favorite show simple. just connect your dvd recorder to your cable box, antenna, or satellite box and you are set to record with the push of one button! dvd recorders don’t require a tape for recording and they are far easier to program than a vcr. most dvrs can record with just one click of the remote. dvds are easier to store and preserve than vhs tapes too. so if you have tapes of family events or old movies, connect the dvd recorder to a vcr and you can quickly convert older vhs tapes to dvd. the toshiba dr570 is a great last minute gift idea for anyone—especially if you have someone on your list that still uses a vcr. -kelly b. tags: dr570, dvd recorder, toshiba posted in customer service tools, products, technology | leave a comment » 50% off next day air december 22nd, 2009 did you procrastinate this year? did you wait until the last minute to buy and send christmas presents to your family and friends? you still have time to get gifts to your loved ones. abt is offering 50% next day air for any order placed until 12 p.m. on wednesday, december 23. -kelly b. tags: 50% next day air, christmas presents posted in customer service tools, events | leave a comment » last minute gift ideas!!! december 21st, 2009 looking for a few last minute gift ideas? we have compiled a list of the top 10 purchases from black friday 2009. sometimes inspiration from other shoppers gives you the perfect gift idea. 1. 8gb ipod touch (3rd generation) 2. 6” sony e reader touch 3. coby black 8″ digital photo frame 4. panasonic black blu-ray player 5. canon powershot sd1200 is 10 megapixels digital camera—two colors available 6. samsung 46″ black led flat panel lcd hdtv 7. ihome black ipod clock radio system 8. kitchenaid pro-line series onyx black waffle baker 9. garmin nuvi 265wt gps navigation system 10. samsung 19″ series 3 black flat panel lcd hdtv for pricing information, speak to one of abt’s sales specialists or chat on-line with a customer service representative today. -kelly b. tags: canon powershot, coby digital photo frame, garmin nuvi 265wt gps navigation system, hdtv, ihome black ipod clock radio system, ipod touch, kitchenaid pro-line, led, panasonic black blu-ray player, samsung lcd hdtv, sony e reader touch, waffle maker posted in customer service tools, products, technology | leave a comment » gourmet gift ideas december 18th, 2009 the gourmet shop at abt is a great place to stop for last-minute gift ideas. it’s not just for kitchen accessories. we have anything you could imagine, from kitchen tools for kids to kitchen electrics for the most discriminating chef. do you need a gift for a wine connoisseur? right now we have waring wine chillers for just $80, including shipping. how about a gift for someone that loves to bake? all of the kitchen aid stand mixer accessories have a 20% rebate, just in time for christmas cookie season! do you need a gift idea for someone going green? we have the sodastream starter kit for $129. the kit is environmentally friendly, uses no electricity or batteries, and the bottles are reusable. richie p., from the gourmet shop, says the sodastream is good for kids too. she says, “it’s easy to control sugar intake when you are making your own soda.” looking for more ideas for a foodie, contact rebecca or anyone else in the gourmet shop, they’re always here to help! -kelly b. tags: gourmet shop, kitchen aid, kitchen tools, kuhn rikon, richie p., stand mixer, waring wine chiller posted in customer service tools, products, technology | leave a comment » free gift wrapping!!! december 18th, 2009 are you a local abt customer? planning to buy a gift at abt this holiday season? abt is offering free gift wrapping on most (reasonably sized) items. buying on-line? we can still wrap your gift for a small fee ($9.99). -kelly b. tags: christmas, gift, gift wrap, holiday posted in customer service tools, events, products | leave a comment » will you watch blu-ray in 3d? december 17th, 2009 will blu-ray discs bring the 3d experience to your living room? it looks that way. this morning, the blu-ray disc association announced the finalization and release of the “blu-ray 3dtm” specification. this will bring a movie theater-quality 3d experience to your home. “throughout this year, movie goers have shown an overwhelming preference for 3d when presented with the option to see a theatrical release in either 3d or 2d,” said victor matsuda, chairman, bda global promotions committee. “we believe this demand for 3d content will carry over into the home now that we have, in blu-ray disc, a medium that can deliver a quality full hd 3d experience to the living room.” the blu-ray disc is the best option for 3d playback. it can provide full hd 3d images in 1080p resolution to each eye. if you don’t plan to watch a blu-ray in 3d, not to worry, the discs are all backwards compatible in 2d as well. what that means? you can watch the 2d version of the same movie as you would in 3d. playstation 3 will be forward compatible. you will be able to use your ps3 as your blu-ray player and see movies in full hd 3d 1080p resolution. if you can’t wait to watch movies in 3d, you will need to get special 3d glasses and the hdtv setup. the new versions of the 3d glasses have an ir emitter—and won’t be cardboard either. look for the 3d blu-ray discs in 2010. -kelly b. tags: 1080p, bda, blu-ray, blu-ray disc association, blu-ray disc player, chairman, full hd 3d, victor matsuda posted in customer service tools, events, products, technology | leave a comment » « older entries abtblog rss feed  subscribe in a reader search for: pages about archives december 2009 november 2009 october 2009 september 2009 august 2009 july 2009 june 2009 may 2009 april 2009 march 2009 february 2009 january 2009 december 2008 november 2008 october 2008 september 2008 august 2008 july 2008 june 2008 may 2008 april 2008 march 2008 february 2008 january 2008 december 2007 november 2007 october 2007 september 2007 august 2007 categories customer service tools events products technology test topic uncategorized videos recent comments jenny haynes on new sound in mobile audiojames on who tops the flat panel tv sales list?benefits of solar energy on be green saturday at abt check out the solar tourdenver home automation on don’t have a loft? create onesolar energy society on be green saturday at abt check out the solar tour tags1080p abt abt.com abt electronics apple apple store appliances back to school ball black friday blu-ray cari boyk christmas chronoswiss cookies electronics energy star fox lighting galleries franck muller gucci hamilton hdtv holiday season iphone ipod ipod touch jolane's jon abt josh davis kids day laptop led tv lg longines michael kors michele mobile audio oris panasonic plasma tvs rado samsung samsung lcd hdtv sonos sony abt electronics is proudly powered by wordpress entries (rss) and comments (rss). need help contact us learn before you buy buying guides customer reviews why abt? award winning service authorized retailer low price guarantee quick shipping free tech support testimonials assistance help faq store ads financing chicagoland customers store hours & directions more info shipping returns price matching international visitors affiliate program terms of usage stay informed sign up & save 5% on your next order sign up for the latest information on new products, special offers and savings opportunities at abt. unsubscribe site map| privacy policy| site security| contact us toll free 888.228.5800 | chicagoland 847.967.8830 - copyright © 1997-2009, abt inc. ordering by phone? use code: 0010