来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20111230072806/http://www.abt.com/about/Buying_Laptop.php3
================================================================================

abt electronics laptop buying guide pleasing people...since 1936 shop by brand shop by category registries + lists gift cards gift ideas customer support - 7 days a week live chat or call us at 888.228.5800(chicagoland 847.967.8830) log in | track your order | customer service applianceskitchenappliance packagescooking productsdishwashersgarbage disposalshoodsice makersmicrowave ovensrefrigerators & freezerssmall appliancestrash compactorslaundrywashersdryersstackable washers and dryerswasher and dryer combo unitscommercial dryerscommercial washerslaundry accessorieshome comfortair conditionersair purifiersdehumidifiersfanshumidifierscentral cooling and heatingvacuumswater dispenserswater heaterspower generatorsoutdooroutdoor grills /bbqsmosquito repellantoutdoor heatersaccessoriesappliance accessoriesbuying guidesdehumidifersair conditionersdishwashersrefrigerators rebates see all appliance rebates videos refrigerator buying guide audiospeakersbookshelf speakerscenter channel speakersfloor standing speakershome theater speaker packagesin wall speakersin ceiling speakersoutdoor speakerssoundbarssubwoofer speakersportable speakerssatellite speakersstereo speaker packageshome theateramplifiershome theater systemspreamplifiersaudio receiverstunersaudio playersipods & mp3 playerscd players and recordersmini systemsturntablesboomboxesportable satellite radioclock radiospersonal cd playersradiosaudio accessoriesheadphonesaudio racks & video racksremote controlsspeaker standsaudio cablesaudio carrying casessubwoofer cablesmore...buying guideshome theater systemsav receiversspeakerssoundbars tv & videotelevisionsled tvlcd tvplasma tvprojectorsmore...video playersblu-ray & dvd playersvcrsdvd/vcr combosdvd recordersportable dvd playersdvr / tivodigital video recorders (dvr)satellite / hdtv receiverssatellite receiversdigital convertersvideo accessoriesflat screen tv mountsremote controlsaudio & video cableshdmi cablessurge protectorsantennasmore...buying guides3d televisionblu-ray playershdtvhdmi trade in your geartrade-in program cameras & camcorderscamerasdigital camerasdigital slr camerascamera accessoriesdigital camera & camcorder lensesdigital camera batteries and chargerscamera casesdigital photo framesphoto printersdigital photo papercamera & camcorder cases and tripodsmore...camcorderscamcorders (hard drive)camcorders (high definition)camcorders (flash memory) camcorder accessoriesvideo lightscamcorder microphonescamcorder batteriescamcorder bagscamera & camcorder cases and tripodsbuying guidesdigital camerascamcordersmemory cards trade in your geartrade-in program portable electronicsmusic playersipods & mp3 playersportable dvd playersboomboxesportable satellite radioclock radiospersonal cd playersradiosother portablesclock radiosvoice recordersdigital readersvideo playersportable dvd playersportable accessoriesheadphonesipod accessories (by type)ipod audio stationsportable dvd accessoriesrechargeable batteriespower adapters/ chargersmore...buying guidesmp3 playersportable audio & video playersheadphones trade in your geartrade-in program communicationsphonesphonesanswering machinesfax machinescellular phonesaccessoriescommunication accessoriescellular accessoriescordless phone accessoriesfax accessoriesbatteriesbuying guidesbluetoothcell phonestelephones (land lines) trade in your geartrade-in program computerscomputersipad & tabletslaptop / notebook computersdesktop computersdigital readersprinters & scannersprinters & scannerscables & connectionsprinter accessoriesdigital photo papercomputer accessoriesipad accessoriesmouse & keyboardscomputer monitorsexternal hard drivesnetworking & modemscables & connectionslaptop accessoriescomputer hardwareprinters & scannerssoftwaremore...buying guidesdesktop computerslaptopsmonitorsprinters trade in your geartrade-in program mobile electronicsnavigationcar navigation and gpsmotorcycle gpsmobile audiocar audio processorscar audio amplifierscar audio speakerscar subwooferssingle din receiversdouble din receivershd radio - for carsatellite radiomore...marine electronicsmarine radiomarine audio speakersmarine amplifiersmarine subwooferscar electronicsmobile videoremote starters & car alarm systemsradar detectorsaccessoriescar audio cables & connectionscar navigation & gps accessoriescar harnesscar kitscar adapterscar alarm accessoriesmarine audio accessoriesmobile power accessoriesmore... buying guides gps navigation car speakers car stereos car subwoofers what fits your vehicle? partfinder trade in your gear trade-in program furniturehome theater furnitureaudio racks & video rackstv standsmassage chairsentertainment centersflat screen tv mountsceiling mountsleather seatinghome theater chairsaudio furniturespeaker standsspeaker bracketskitchen furniturecarts & cutting boardsbar stools & counter stoolsoffice furniturecomputer desksoffice chairs gourmet shopsmall appliancesblendersstand mixersbread machinescoffee grinderscoffee & espresso machinessuper automaticsfood processorstoastersfood slicersjuicersice cream makerscan openerswafflers & grillshand mixersrice cookers/steamerswater kettlesdeep fryerstoaster ovenshand blendersironsmiscellaneous small appliancesslow cookerscookingcarts & cutting boardscutlery & cooking utensilscookwareknife sharpenersstonewarebooksgourmet food itemsgourmet food itemsgourmet shop accessoriescoffee & espresso accessoriesstand mixer accessorieswine accessorieskitchen thermometerssalt and pepper millskitchen scalesfood processor accessoriesgourmet bags and toteskitchen textileswater bottles othertime boutiquemen's watcheswomen's watchesluggage & accessoriestumi luggage and walletssunglassesgaminggaming consolesvideo gamesvideo game accessoriesgift cardsgift cardsplumbingkitchen sinksfaucetsbuilt-in soap and lotion dispenserswater dispensershand dryersindoorironsbreathalyzers/health productsfitness equipmentpaper shreddersgarage / basementmosquito repellantoutdoor heaterssump pumpsgarage organizers specialssave moneyappliance packagesweekly specialsjust reducedbundlesdisplays & returnsnew productsnew arrivalsavailable for pre-orderbest of the bestbest sellersbest reviewed productsmore promotionsrebatesfinancing promotions apple leather ipad 2 smart cover $57.00 save 17% site promotions free shipping buy now. pay later sign up for our e-letter no sales tax more ways to shop weekly specials not yet released outlet rebates user drives features accessories wi-fi types resources deciding between different types of laptops can be frustrating. determine what you need your laptop to do, and then look at our categories—see which one will best suit your needs. home user using a laptop as a primary computer will work for most people. there are a few options that you should consider if you will be using a laptop as a primary computer. notebook computers are usually sufficient, but lack the power that a desktop replacement has. the desktop replacement however, does not have the portability that a notebook will. weigh the options and decide which features you need and which you may be willing to sacrifice. typical home users should look for the following features in a computer: core 2 duo, quad core processor, or i7 2gb or more of memory (ram) a large hard drive for storing photos, music, and videos 14” or larger display dvd or blu-ray burner wi-fi windows 7 or snow leopard (apple) student typically students have to make the most of their money. finding the right laptop is important because students will need a good operating system and portability. dual core, core 2 duo, core 2 quad, quad core processor, or i7 2gb or more of memory a large hard drive for storing photos, music, and videos dvd burner for storage wi-fi windows 7 or snow leopard (apple) 12”-14” screen for portability and battery stamina frequent traveler or flier if you travel frequently, you will need a laptop that is easy to take with you. make sure it is light, and smaller than a desktop replacement. routinely, when you have a small laptop, you will have to give and take features in terms of features. core duo, core 2 duo, core 2 quad processor, or i7 2gb of memory or more 13” or smaller screen wi-fi extended battery or extra battery dvd/cd drive port replicator (available for some laptops) bag or case for transport windows 7 or snow leopard (apple) business user when you rely on a laptop for work and it’s not purchased for you, you should evaluate your needs before you purchase a laptop. if you travel for work, portability is a major consideration. core 2 duo, core 2 quad, quad core processor, or i7 2gb of memory or more mid-range hard drive 14”-15” screen dvd/blu-ray burner wi-fi extended battery or extra battery windows 7 or snow leopard (apple) *check with your it department for apple compatibility. some versions of windows will work better for your networking needs. windows 7 pro is a requirement for some networks and software.* multimedia /av writer or gamer consider a more powerful laptop like a desktop replacement. you will need a lot of memory, a large processor, and a large hard drive. core 2 duo, core 2 quad, quad core processor, or i7 4gb of memory 15” screen or larger dedicated graphics card* large hard drive cables—hdmi or equivalent usb or wireless keyboard and mouse windows 7 or snow leopard (apple) *check with the game’s specifications for minimum requirements of memory on the graphics card. graphics cards have different memory capacity and some are more powerful than others. for example, ddr3 is 30% more powerful than the ddr2* drives, what do i need to know? drives are essential components of a laptop. some store memory, play cds, dvds, and blu-ray discs. they come fixed or removable-even upgradable. ascertain the ways you will be using your laptop and then determine what drives you will need. hard drive hard drives are probably the most important drive in your computer. it is a magnetic disc that enables the laptop to save files for as long as you need them-for the life of the drive, if necessary. the general rule-of-thumb for hard drive capacity is the more you store, the more gb you will need. most laptops come with at least 300gb. that is enough for most users. if you need more then you have the option to add more as long as you don't have a fixed hard drive.the speed at which the hard disk spins will also affect the performance of the laptop. if you have a hard disc that rotates at 5,400 rpm, your laptop will be slower than if you had a hard disc that rotating at over 7,000rpm. one caution, the faster the disc spins, the faster your battery's charge will be depleted. cd, dvd, and blu-ray drives most laptops have a cd, dvd, or blu-ray drive. netbooks, however, do not. having the cd, dvd, or blu-ray drive on the computer is more than a great way to enjoy music or movies on the road. if your drive is a burner as well, you can save information onto discs, freeing up space on your laptop. determining the type of drive you need should be based on the amount of information that you will be storing, possibly the types of discs you play most frequently. permanent or inter-changeable drive some laptops come with fixed drives and some with inter-changeable drives. there are benefits and detriments to either option. the beauty of inter-changeable discs is their ability to be upgraded or repaired with ease. unfortunately, fixed drives are not removable and therefore not able to be swapped out. inter-changeable drives are the way to go as long as you can afford them. the only downfall of an inter-changeable drive is they are usually pricier than a permanent drive. external drive external drives are a helpful option for laptop users that don't have a cd, dvd or blu-ray player/burner. they can also back-up information on a large scale (using an external hard drive) or the smaller scale (using a thumb drive). this is especially beneficial for storing important information. having a back-up of important information is a good idea. having an external hard drive makes backing up information easy. simply save the data to the drive, like you would the internal hard drive-and you have saved your information in a place independent of your laptop. this means, if anything happens to your laptop, or you need to transport the information, but not the laptop, now you can. if you only have a small amount of information that you would like to transport or save-a thumbdrive is the way to go. laptops vary considerably when it comes to size and power. there are many options and it's essential to know what you need from a laptop before you make a purchase. what is a processor? a processor can be known as a central processing unit (cpu). a cpu is the brain of the laptop. a cpu determines the power-management of the battery. it's important to recognize that the power setting while the laptop is in use determines how fast the battery will be depleted regardless of the processor. how much memory do i need? random access memory (ram) is the main memory of the computer. when computers are running they use ram for storing temporary information and data. when running operating systems like windows 7 or snow leopard you will need no less than 1gb (2gb is preferable) of ram. memory is upgradable, either the user or a service technician can add memory to the laptop. how big should my screen be? computer monitor and screens have decreased in size substantially from their predecessors. monitors used to be big and bulky, now they are thin and light. laptop screens have followed suit. they are lighter and thinner than ever before. they are all liquid crystal display (lcd) screens. accessories are vital for laptops. depending on how you use your laptop there are any number of accessories you should consider. laptop bag first and foremost, if you are a frequent traveler-or if your laptop leaves the home or office, a bag would be the first accessory to consider. they can range from basic to loaded with options. they are for more than just toting your laptop, they also offer protection. when deciding between bags, look for one that has padding on the shoulder strap, reinforced corners, and enough storage. if you keep an extra mouse, keyboard, extra battery, or cables, you will need a place for them to go. some bags can serve as a laptop bag and a briefcase. docking station do you need a docking station? they have ports, drive bays, security features and more for home or office use. a docking station will enable you to connect to a network and leave your cables in place when you take the laptop with you. docking stations are a way to connect your laptop to a larger monitor and keyboard as well. port replicators port replicators are similar to docking stations in terms of their functionality. the main difference between the two is size. they can be as small as a couple of inches to slightly smaller than a docking station. a port replicator has more portability than a docking station. extra battery extra batteries can be a life saver. if you are a traveler, student, or just take your laptop outside the home, you may want to consider an extra battery. take into account that you might not always have a place to charge your battery or plug in your laptop. imagine being stuck in an airplane or on a train when your battery dies. despite not having a place to charge your battery-you will still be able to use your laptop. drives external drives can have many uses. for storage and backing-up data, an external hard drive would be important. if you have important documents or are transporting information from place to place-this is a good reason to invest in an external hard drive. thumb drives are another way to save or transport information. they are smaller, so they don't hold as much as an external hard drive. one plus, they are easily transported due to their small size. owning a laptop gives you more freedom than a conventional desktop but, you may need a few extras to be connected to the internet, digital camera, hard drive, camcorder, mp3 player, or your printer. laptops come with a wi-fi connection built-in, but not everywhere you go will there be a wireless signal for you to connect to the internet. if you are a frequent traveler or need to access the internet but are not near a wi-fi signal, you will need to get cables or a mobile wireless card. the cables you will need in order to connect to the internet are either a cat-5 cable plugged into an ethernet port or a phone cord plugged into a modem. the two other ways to connect to the internet are with a mobile broadband card from your wireless provider or you can buy a laptop with the mobile wireless card built-in. most of the peripherals you will want to use in conjunction with your laptop will come with their own connections or cables. printers are the possible exception. printers need a usb cable that will connect your laptop to your printer. one exception, some printers are bluetooth enabled. when working in conjunction with a bluetooth enabled laptop, you will not need any cables at all. choosing the right laptop for your needs may seem like a daunting task. with our informative guides and charts, you will be able to determine which laptop best suits your needs. laptops come in a variety of sizes. they can range from a thickness of 0.5"-2" and can be anywhere from 2-10 lbs. they also have a wide range of features from barebones to a replacement for a desktop computer. unfortunately, there is no perfect laptop, which means getting some features may require you to sacrifice others. for instance, if you want a super-portable computer, an ultra-portable may be the best option for you. while you are getting a light-weight computer, you will pay a premium price for a computer with fewer features than a midsize. on the other hand, if you are looking for a desktop replacement you can get a lot of features, but your computer will not be as portable. types of laptops netbooks netbooks are a great computer option for some people, but not so much for others. netbooks are extremely portable-due to their small size and weighing three pounds or less. they don't require a lot of power and are far less expensive than larger laptops. netbooks are usually $500 or less. netbooks are really great for surfing the internet, email correspondence, creating and editing small office documents, and possibly to play a cd or dvd with an external drive. features like a fast processor will not be found in a netbook. 3 lbs. or less less than 1” thick 8.9”, 10”,11”, or 12” display single or dual core processors (atom cpu or ultra-low voltage processor (ulv)), or i7 linux or windows 7 (160gb-250gb hard drive or smaller solid state drive lan, modem, wi-fi, bluetooth (optional), wwan (optional) $299-$599 small keyboard and touch pad *possible optical drive ultra light and portable think of an ultraportable computer as a more powerful, slightly larger net book. the net book has more features and is larger for easier use. the netbook also comes with a higher price. unlike a net book, the ultraportable laptop can function as an everyday computer. they will be small and light enough to bring them most places-especially convenient for business travelers. not as powerful as a desktop replacement, the ultraportable will make up for what it lacks in portability. 4 lbs. or less less than 1” thick 14” screen or less low-voltage mobile processor (some include dual core and core 2 duo processors) 60-500gb hard drive lan, wi-fi, bluetooth (optional), wwan (optional), gps (optional), or i7 $999.00-$2000 (fully loaded) small keyboard *possible optical drive midsize (conventional) the midsize or conventional laptop is designed to give the user anything they need for basic computing. word processing, storing music and digital photos, watching dvds, and on-line communication are easy on a midsize laptop. they are larger than an ultra light and therefore don't travel as easily. 6-8 lbs. 1” thick or larger 14-16.4” screen dual core or core 2 duo processor, or i7 up to a 1tb hard drive (2x500 gb) dvd burner, memory card reader, mid-range software package $500-$900 and up desktop replacement these are the largest and heaviest laptops. they will have the most power and options-similar to a desktop computer. due to their larger size, desktop replacements are too big for routine movement, other than throughout the home or office. desktop replacements have the most power, have the fastest processors, and most features of all the types of laptops-out of the box. these laptops can be used for gaming and multimedia, audio, visual work. 7.5 lbs. or more 1” thick or more 17”-20” screen dual, quad core processor, or i7 80-500gb hard drive lan, modem, wi-fi, bluetooth (optional), wwan (optional) large keyboard and touch pad with separate number pad batteries are not designed for extensive mobile use $1000-$1500 and up tablet tablets are similar in size to having just the screen of a laptop computer. since it does not have a keyboard, it uses a touch-sensitive screen that can be controlled with your fingertips. navigate through the screen controls, menu navigation, web page navigation and application operation with just a few taps. some tablets can be flipped 90 degrees so the bottom half of the screen is a touch-keyboard that can be used for writing documents or responding to e-mails. the advanced mobile processors and large internal memory let users do virtually everything they would do on their desktop or laptop in a much more portable way. the internet can be access via built in wi-fi or connectivity to 3g or 4g cellular data. usually between 1-2lbs. 1” thick or less touch-sensitive screen 5 - 9.7 inches varying on manufacturers advanced mobile processorss 16gb - 64gb internal memory wi-fi, bluetooth, 3g or 4g handwriting recognition software, windows operating system, multiple accessible applications from various markets. video and still camera on front and rear on some models $350 - $850 and up shopping resources laptop video buying guide chris from our connect store explains what you need to know when choosing the laptop that best fits your needs. whether it is an apple or a pc you can customize and pick your favorite features. watch video view a complete listing of our buying guides. 24 hour customer support 5 days a week - hours need help? call us888.228.5800or live chat chat now learn before you buy buying guides customer reviews why abt? award winning service authorized retailer low price guarantee quick shipping free tech support testimonials pleasing people...since 1936 stay informed sign up for our e-letter sign up for the latest information on new products, special offers, and savings opportunities at abt. unsubscribe more info shipping returns price matching international visitors affiliate program terms of usage about abt history news awards social media green program employment assistance help faq store ads financing chicagoland customers store hours & directions videos | categories | products | brands | top searches follow abt on: site map | privacy policy | site security | contact us toll free 888.228.5800 | chicagoland 847.967.8830© copyright 1997-2012, abt inc. 1200 n. milwaukee, glenview, il 60025