来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20131231040524/http://www.abt.com/help/customer-testimonials
================================================================================

abt customer testimonials and ratings pleasing people...since 1936 shop by brand shop by category registries + lists gift cards gift ideas customer support - 7 days a week live chat or call us at 888.228.5800(chicagoland 847.967.8830) log in | track your order | customer service applianceskitchenappliance packagescooking productsdishwashersgarbage disposalshoodsice makersmicrowaves & microwave ovensrefrigerators & freezerssmall appliancestrash compactorslaundrylaundry packageswashersdryersstack washers and dryerswasher and dryer combo unitscommercial dryerscommercial washerslaundry accessorieshome comfortair conditionersair purifiersdehumidifiersfans and space heatershumidifierscentral cooling and heatingvacuumswater dispenserswater heaterspower generatorsoutdooroutdoor grills /bbqsmosquito repellantoutdoor heatersaccessoriesappliance accessories audiospeakersbookshelf speakerscenter channel speakersfloor standing speakershome theater speaker packagesin wall speakersin ceiling speakersoutdoor speakerssoundbar speakerssubwoofer speakersportable speakerssatellite speakersstereo speaker packageshome theateramplifiershome theater systemspreamplifiersaudio receiverstunersaudio playersipods & mp3 playersmini systemsturntablesboomboxesportable satellite radioclock radiospersonal cd playerscd players and recordersradiosaudio accessoriesaudio racks & video racksremote controlsspeaker standsaudio cablesaudio carrying casessubwoofer cablesdigital audio cablesmore...buying guideshome theater systemsav receiversspeakerssoundbars tv & videotelevisionsall flat panel tvsled tvlcd tvplasma tvprojectorstv combosvideo playersblu-ray & dvd playersdigital media devicesdvd/vcr combosdvd recordersportable dvd playerdvr / tivodigital video (dvr) recorderssatellite / hdtv receiverssatellite receiversdigital convertersvideo accessoriesflat screen tv mountsremote controlsaudio & video cableshdmi cablessurge protectorsantennasmore...buying guides3d televisionblu-ray playershdtv trade in your geartrade-in program cameras & camcorderscamerasdigital camerascamera accessoriesdigital camera & camcorder lensesdigital camera batteries and chargerscamera casesusb flash drives & memory cardsdigital photo framesphoto printersdigital photo papercamcorderscamcorderscamcorder accessoriesvideo lightscamcorder microphonescamcorder batteriescamcorder bagsbuying guidesdigital camerascamcordersmemory cards trade in your geartrade-in program portable electronicsmusic playersipods & mp3 playersportable dvd playerboomboxesclock radiospersonal cd playersradiosportable speakersother portablesclock radioscalculatorsvoice recorderse-readersvideo playersportable dvd playerportable accessoriesheadphonesipod accessories (by type)ipod audio stationsportable dvd accessoriesrechargeable batteriespower adapters/ chargersmore...buying guidesmp3 playersportable audio & video playersheadphones trade in your geartrade-in program communicationsphonesphonescellular phonesaccessoriescommunication accessoriescellular accessoriescordless phone accessoriesfax accessoriesbatteriesbuying guidesbluetoothcell phonestelephones (land lines) trade in your geartrade-in program computerscomputersipad & tabletslaptop / notebook computersdesktop computerse-readersprinters & scannersprinters & scannerscables & connectionsprinter ink & tonerdigital photo papercomputer accessoriesipad accessoriesmouse & keyboardscomputer monitorsexternal hard drivesnetworking & wirelesscables & connectionslaptop accessoriescomputer hardwareprinters & scannerssoftwaremore...buying guidesdesktop computerslaptopsmonitorsprinters trade in your geartrade-in program mobile electronicsnavigationcar navigation and gpsmarine gpsmotorcycle gpshiking gpsmobile audiocar audio processorscar audio amplifierscar audio speakerscar subwooferscar stereos - single dincar stereos - double dinsatellite radiovehicle sub enclosuresmarine electronicsmarine radiomarine audio speakersmarine amplifiersmarine gpsmarine subwooferscar electronicsmobile videoremote starters & car alarm systemsradar detectorsaccident avoidance - mitigation systemsaccessoriescar audio cables & connectionscar navigation & gps accessoriescar harnesscar kitscar adapterscar alarm accessoriesmarine audio accessoriesmobile power accessoriesmore... buying guides gps navigation car speakers car stereos car subwoofers what fits your vehicle? partfinder trade in your gear trade-in program furniturehome theater furnitureaudio racks & video rackstv standsmassage chairsflat screen tv mountsceiling mountsleather seatinghome theater seatingbedroommattressesbedding and linensaudio furniturespeaker standsspeaker bracketskitchen furniturecarts & cutting boardsbar stools & counter stoolsoffice furniturecomputer desksoffice chairsoutdoor furniturepatio sets gourmet shopsmall appliancesblendersstand mixersbread machinescoffee grinderscoffee & espresso machinesfood processorstoastersfood slicersjuicersice cream makerscan openerswafflers & grillshand mixersrice cookers/steamerswater kettlesdeep fryerstoaster ovenshand blendersironsmiscellaneous small appliancesslow cookerscookingcarts & cutting boardscutlery & cooking utensilscookwareknife sharpenersstonewarebooksgourmet food itemsgourmet food itemsgourmet shop accessoriescoffee & espresso accessoriesstand mixer accessorieswine accessorieskitchen thermometerssalt and pepper millskitchen scalesfood processor accessoriesgourmet bags and toteskitchen textileswater bottles otherpower toolspower toolstime boutiquemens watcheswomens watcheswatch accessoriesluggage & accessoriestumi luggage and walletssunglassesgaminggaming consolesgunnar digital performance eyewearvideo gamesvideo game accessoriesgift cardsgift cardplumbingkitchen sinksfaucetsbuilt-in soap and lotion dispenserswater dispensershand dryersindoorironsfitness equipmentpaper shredderstrash cansgarage / basementmosquito repellantoutdoor heaterssump pumpsgarage organizers specialssave moneyweekly specialsjust reducedbundlesappliance packageslaundry packagesinstant rebatesmail in rebatesfree shippingdisplays & returnsbest of the bestbest sellersbest reviewed productsmore promotionsrebatesfinancing promotionsnew productsnew arrivalsavailable for pre-order home > help > customer support > customer testimonials browse help my account ordering customer support gifts & registries shipping & returns products warranty & services privacy & policies other why shop abt award winning service authorized online dealer free shipping low price guarantee no sales tax free tech support need help? call us888.228.5800or live chat chat now customer testimonials see what our customers have to say about shopping at abt. abt has again met or exceeded my expectations in regards to service, price and delivery. i will continue to look to them for the purchase of any product that they can deliver. reviewed by darrel b from brentwood, ca 11/25/13. abt had the product i wanted at a great price. delivery was fast - item was on a 30-day backorder, but i received it within a week of ordering. this was my second order from abt and i will definitely consider them again. i also recommended abt to a family member. reviewed by marie l from henrico, va 11/24/13. i've been dealing with abt electronics for many years. i've always been happy with their service and products. as always the experience has been perfect. just a great company!! reviewed by jimmie l from city withheld 11/11/13. my abt experience was awesome! my order was filled quickly, shipped early (for what i expected from this experience), and received happily! ...and there was a free gift that i actually could use...loved that! reviewed by debra h from cypress, tx 11/8/13. delivery estimate was 4-10 days, arrived in 4. delivery guys pulled a big heavy fridge through the stairs into my home. they removed fridge handles to pull it in and replaced thereafter. i was afraid they would just drop it at a curbside. excellent choice of last-mile delivery provider. reviewed by valery h from newtown, pa 11/4/13. i incorrectly placed my online order, so i called the store and the customer service rep. connected me to a sales rep. who cleaned up my entire order. both reps were extremely helpful and courteous. the delivery men followed suite and made it a pleasant experience. thank you! reviewed by ed k from rolling meadows, il 11/1/13. the item was here way faster than the delivery time, and was well-packed and in great shape. reviewed by timothy h from city withheld 10/31/13. another easy as can be purchase and delivery. we don't even bother looking elsewhere. the sales people at abt are subject matter experts. you cannot put a price on that kind of knowledge. thanks again, abt! reviewed by vicki strauss from morton grove, il 9/20/13. i ordered the material on monday. i received a call wednesday to confirm a friday or saturday delivery. very very fast service. there was a concern an 18wheeler will not fit in a subdivision. abt contacted another transportation provider to deliver. great customer service and great flexibility. i was not too sure regarding ordering a large appliance online. however, the service i received from abt, i am pleased with the service. they are better than sears and a lot cheaper. reviewed by ewere osa from cypress, tx 8/20/13. abt is by far the best appliance dealer in the nation. while i was visiting chicago i went to your store and discovered that you will ship products anywhere. when i returned to tennessee i immediately ordered a television from you. i received it three days later and could not be happier. thanks for being you. reviewed by teresa biebel from mt. juliet, tn 8/15/13. i'd much rather shop with an independent retailer than with a big box store, but they need to be competitive - in product choice, customer service and prices. abt.com does all that and more, and i'll definitely be back to shop here again. communication about my order status was excellent, and my tablet was delivered on time. i wish all retailers were this good! reviewed by stephanie coulthard from cerrillos, nm 8/12/13. this was my first online purchase and i was extremely satisfied. however i love coming into the store to shop but it's good to know the online service is as good as the customer service in the store when you need something asap and can't get to the store. i'm a big abt store fan and just became an abt online fan as well! thanks for not changing the way you've always done business. great customer service is why i come back! reviewed by loretta diaz from chicago, il 8/5/13. i've had three panasonic plasmas sent in the last two months, one sent as a gift. the whole thing from product info online to delivery was flawless. that is no surprise to me, as i've always had abt bookmarked, and ordered from them before. little wonder that consumer reports rates them as one of the best places to shop online. i really appreciate the full product description/reviews, and the pdf links for further info., and product manuals. also they are superior when it comes to product support after the sale. how they can do all this and sell for about the same price as others? well i'll go to abt first. their site is also a good source of reference, to look around if you are not sure what is available. very pleased all around. plan to order my next computer from them. reviewed by david b. from maryland heights, mo 7/18/13. always been very pleased with abt. been buying from abt for over ten years, both in chicago and now online in l.a. reviewed by adam gibson from hawthorne, ca 7/17/13. abt is the best, bar none! especially if you live in chicagoland. shipping is free, or you can pick up at the store. i personally recommend the latter, you can usually see, touch and choose your selections in their huge and beautiful showrooms. while you're there, check out their museum-pieces of archaic century-old appliances! prices are nearly always the lowest, and service is superlative. abt is my go-to place for appliances & electronics. reviewed by frank hill from des plaines, il 7/10/13. abt is an excellent online retailer with the best customer service. i have dealt with many online stores and most try to be as customer friendly as possible. abt goes above and beyond to accommodate the customer. one cannot be less then overwhelmed with the effort they put forward. their pricing is fair and within fifty dollars one way or the other of the competitors. if one is looking for an honest, reliable place to purchase electronics, household appliance or whatever, abt should among the first stops. reviewed by paul p. from harrisville, pa 6/24/13. i recently purchased a travel iron through abt online. it malfunctioned within a few weeks. when i called them, their representative immediately offered to send me a return label and replace the iron. no argument whatsoever!!! i was amazed at how easy it was to deal with them when i had a problem. i will definitely use abt from now on when shopping online. good job abt..... thank you for restoring my faith in online shopping. reviewed by barbara j. from seeley lake, mt 6/13/13. we bought the tv online and it was ready for us when we arrived at the store. staff was very helpful with recycling our old tv and loading our new tv into our car. reviewed by amy k. from buffalo grove, il 6/2/13. i ordered a digital tv converter box. unfortunately, the box was defective, but abt sent a delivery person out right away to bring a new box. the delivery technician hooked up the new box, performed some troubleshooting, and made sure it was working properly before he left. they were extremely responsive. reviewed by cindy m. from chicago, il 5/30/13. received as quickly as i usually do on amazon prime at a better price and product was in stock whereas amazon was 3-4 weeks from being in stock. reviewed by john k. from minneapolis, mn 5/28/13. i was very pleased with the services provided by the abt representatives. they are courteous and professional. the products ordered from them arrived in perfect condition and on time. i would recommend them to every one for their excellent services. overall satisfaction - 5 stars. cost: very competitive - 5 stars. product and services - 5 stars. i am a repeat customer and will always shop at abt. delivery and shipping - 5 stars reviewed by wilson b. from hollywood, fl 5/27/13. good price, easy ordering, speedy delivery, super-secure packaging--but i had made an error in not realizing it was a component and not a stand-alone unit, and had to return it. i must say they've won a customer for life with their problem-free return policy--what a relief! reviewed by deborah louis from burnsville, nc 5/17/13. the abt website was great to shop on for the product i was searching for. after placing the order an email arrived with all of the purchase information along with a delivery date. the delivery guys were great, they called in the morning to give a delivery time block of one and a half hours and called again when they were fifteen minutes from my home. the product arrived intact with no damage. thank you for a very enjoyable online shopping experience!! reviewed by frank koenig from roselle, il 5/10/13. completely satisfied. product was backordered everywhere. abt gave me a date when no one else would. the shipping date was within 2 weeks and the product arrived on time. abt gave me updates along the way. the price also matched the best offered. reviewed by david miles from greensboro, ga 4/22/13. i didn't have time until now to tell you about my experience with your company. i am super impressed. i order a lot of stuff via the internet and by far your company is great in all areas. i would rank you a ten plus with ten being the highest possible grade. your web site is very professional. your follow up and my online experience was great. i don't recall how i found you on the web but i am glad that i did. keep up the great work. you guys rank way up there among your competition. thanks again! reviewed by hugh cowart from tallahassee, fl 4/9/13. they really delivered! the plasma television was exactly as they described, arrived ahead of schedule, and is flawless. it truly was a pleasure doing business with them, and i am sure i will be shopping with them again in the near future. reviewed by shane french from sparrow bush, ny 3/20/13. i continue to purchase my appliances from abt because they have good prices, they stand behind what they sell, problems are handled promptly and solved quickly. if you know what you plan to buy, purchasing on-line is a breeze. the drivers are helpful and courteous. i love abt and will be a customer for life because, in my opinion, abt is the best. there still is a store where you get old-fashioned service, and it's called abt. reviewed by ronald saunoris from elk grove village, il 3/11/13. my experience was the best i've ever had, and i've shopped for all of our applicances and electronics at your store since moving to the chicago area in 1999! the tv was a great price and value, and when i went to assemble it i received excellent assistance from your tech support telephone rep! reviewed by jennifer lang from deerfield, il 3/4/13. abt is fantastic, the website is easy to navigate and find what i am looking for. their processing and shipping is excellent and with free ground shipping i usually get the purchase the next day. many other competitors do not even come close to matching the service that abt does. keep up the great job! reviewed by blair dahl from glenview, il 2/9/13. as a retired broadcast engineer, i have been shopping with abt for a number of years because i can always depend on them to stock the high quality products that i am looking for. they also overpack your order, so that when you receive it it won't be damaged. abt is just one of those internet companies that you can always depend on for great selection and prompt shipping of your order. reviewed by thomas dolan from arlington, tn 1/3/13. the shopping on-line was a breeze. almost every brand could be found on this site. lots of options offered. all i had to do was check what i was looking for and the choices came on screen. i was able to compare several models side-by-side. a much better way to shop than wandering back and forth in a store, or many stores. delivery could not have gone any more perfectly. got a call in the morning saying the delivery would be between ten and noon. the truck pulled in my drive at 10 almost exactly. the young man was friendly, courteous and helpful and i wish i could remember his name. he slipped the old out and the new in, leveled it, checked for leaks and gave me a tour. i could not ask for a better experience. reviewed by chris dipompeo from la grange highlands, il 12/28/12. i received my order faster than i could believe. the items were very fragile and they were very well packaged. i believe this to be the very best online ordering and delivery i have yet to experience. i am extremely satisfied. best service ever! reviewed by jackie davidson from oktaha, ok on 12/22/12. abt.com website was very easy to use and navigate. check out was also easy and quick. my order was well packed in a sturdy box and arrived with no damage. i am looking forward to making more purchases in the future and will recommend abt to all my friends. reviewed by steven cotugno from staten island, ny on 12/18/12. their customer service via phone was very good. i placed the order online, then called the man who helped me via phone and he called to confirm all of my order. so far, we've been very happy with the tv, blue ray player, and speaker bar! abt has shown itself to be a quality retail online store. i have ordered two more times from abt because i was happy with their help via phone and the quick shipments and quality of items. when the tv & blue ray player arrived together, the driver carried them into my home and set the boxes down in my living room. he called me half an hour before arriving with the delivery. so, all around abt has proven to be all the website claims!! the shipping was free, there was no sales tax, and i got everything on sale! all a+! reviewed by cindy richter from hewitt, mn on 12/16/12. i have been purchasing electronics from this company for a number of years and have never had a bad experience. they always over pack your item to make sure that it arrives with no damage. reviewed by thomas dolan from arlington, tn on 12/7/12. i enjoy shopping at abt. their prices are low, customer service is wonderful, inventory is extensive, and shipping is very often free! reviewed by mark nowak from centreville, va on 11/20/12. i keep returning to this company for a variety of purchases, from 3d-hdtv to dishwasher, to cd player... they are just great in customer support, prices, handling of the orders. kudos! reviewed by stefano guandalini from flossmor, il on 11/2/12. my wife and i were excited to move into a modern large 3 bedroom apartment, outfit with new tv's, and mount above the fireplace where wiring and mounts were located. ordering online through chat with my questions was a breeze and the pricing was sooo competitive it was unbelievable. but then we ran into a problem that was unexpected when we moved in with the new tvs. the builder only ran the cable to the kitchen looking out to the living room and not the wall mount plates etc... the wall mount was no longer a viable option with the wiring requirements. once again i joined an online chat, explained the situation, and asked what could be done. abt offered to cancel the install, refund the install, refund the mount i already received, and pick up the mount free of charge. every conversation was extremely professional, friendly, and responsive. when the tv's were first delivered the delivery guys removed the huge honking main tv out of the box for me free of charge, connected to the stand, and installed. they were happy to take the 5 minutes of time to help. wow! even great delivery service. this was one of the best customer service experiences i've ever had and i will continue to give abt the first shot at my business. in this day in age it is rare to get this level of service and was a great surprise. i had always heard of their level of service but liked the convenience of going to closer stores but in the long run abt customer service made it feel like they were down the street and appreciated my business more than any other similar store!!!! amazing! reviewed by bran oser from chicago, il on 9/24/12. i was extremely impressed. i had never even considered buying an appliance over the web before. the item was perfect as expected, delivered timely, and communication was worry free. reviewed by david clifton from seattle, wa on 9/13/12. abt is the absolute best. i have dealt with them for decades now, and they have never once faltered ... even when i lived out of state! good advice, responsive to my needs rather than commission or profit margin ... delivery on time, installation perfect ... patronize them if you can! reviewed by carolyn hacck from glenview, il on 8/31/12. abt electronics wins my vote for best all around service and delivery. these days time is precious and no one wants to sit home all day waiting for a delivery. with abt i received a courtesy call before the delivery date to remind me, and a call from the service man early that morning, giving me a two hour window for delivery. they arrived on time, were courteous, professional and expertly installed my new washing machine. they did a demonstration to show how everything worked and made sure all systems were go. then they were on their way, and i had the rest of the day. a pleasant and painless experience. i have shopped at abt many times and their products and prices are unbeatable! i highly recommend abt! reviewed by giesela popova from chicago, il on 8/24/12. i loved everything about abt beginning with ordering it, confirmation, shipping information, and delivery. would definitely shop here again. reviewed by maria vicente from new york, ny on 8/9/12. i used to live in evanston, il and had forgotten how good a store you are to buy from for quality products. i am glad i found you on the internet. reviewed by roy roos from ooltewah, tn on 7/21/12. the site is efficiently designed, and abt has received well-deserved, excellent reviews from professional evaluation sites. prices, especially factoring in free delivery and available rebates, are also very good. reviewed by eric washburn from castleton, ny on 7/21/12. summer is just around the corner. temps are in the mid-90's. fish are jumpin' and the cotton is high. so guess what i need to buy? yes, a new a/c to replace my 10-year-old ge model i bought from abt when i moved in my place years ago. i've made many a purchase from abt in my long and sordid chicago past. and while i love to go to their store, i needed more to get this order done quickly, so i would have a new unit asap. so i went online, perused the nicely organized choices, clicked on a new ge, and arranged for delivery, removal of the old unit, installation of the new one, and all with a few convenient clicks. with their great prices, an automated delivery calendar, and superb online ordering, there was no need to bother a salesperson, fight traffic, or waste gas. $248.00 total. and i know they will be here as promised in a week. so pardon me, but after a tiring 15 minutes online, i think i need my chaise lounge and my mint julep. and a nice little nap. thanks, abt. way to make shopping easy! reviewed by jack p. from chicago, il on 6/20/12. love the site and i love how i didn't have to wait long for my microwave to be delivered. lowe's told me i had to wait 3 weeks, you will be here in 3 days. awesome! reviewed by cheryl terdina from bartlett, il on 6/11/12. very informative website, easy to compare products/features. immediate assistance with chat feature, very courteous and helpful assistant. reviewed by john van alstyne from island lake, il on 6/2/12. every item i have ordered from abt - perhaps half a dozen orders - has been delivered in perfect shape and on-time (or early). what i want to share, however, is my delight in shopping online with abt. i love the process. every time i shop with them i leave thinking i need to write a review because the experience was so pleasurable. it's the way shopping online should always be. as i go through the steps i start to think something like, "i'd love it if i could pull up my old order and just push one button to order the same thing again..." behold! abt is way ahead of me, and they've even labeled the button in succinct english: "reorder!" the process is quick, clear, super-intuitive, and leaves the customer with the feeling that abt has taken the user experience seriously. i look forward to sharing the details with my development team (i'm a web developer) and anyone else who's in the market for items abt sells. reviewed by scott howell from dunkirk, md on 5/1/12. i own 6 properties with 19 dwelling units and would not use any one but abt. the service is amazing along with the best prices in town. their salespeople are professional and knowledgeable. i do most of my business over the phone with one salesman. their delivery people do a great job and treat your home as if it was their own. great appliance repair service, too. it`s a flat rate plus parts. other repair services jerk you around and don’t know how to fix the problem. reviewed by ann k. from chicago, il on 4/27/12. just bought my seventh speakers from these guys. excellent prices, great customer service and outstanding inventory selection. i'll keep buying from abt for all my audio visual stuff. makes best buy and my neighborhood audiophile stores look really bad. reviewed by patrick s. from city withheld, ca on 4/22/12. the online process is quick and easy to use, in the blink of an eye my order was completed and ready for shipment. i commend abt for their simple easy to use website! reviewed by mike r. from orland park, il on 4/7/12. i had never bought a large appliance online before and was a little leery, but abt electronics made things very simple. they emailed to confirm the order, called to confirm a shipment day, and then jb hunt actually completed the delivery. they were extremely helpful and courteous. they even took the time to explain to my wife the features of the fridge and how to switch the handles. reviewed by derrick m. from city withheld, usa on 3/15/12. i was very pleased with this seller. i was leery about ordering a tv online and having it shipped. the freight company used did a great job. they also kept in contact with me about what would be a good delivery time. i would buy something from them again. reviewed by wes from city withheld, usa on 3/5/12. honestly, there is no better customer service in the country. it’s like you and apple- then everyone else. reviewed by michael n. from chicago, il on 3/1/12. we loved the abt experience. we purchased appliances during the customer appreciation sale. despite the fact that it was the busiest day of the year, we were easily able to get service and rafal was awesome! the free delivery to milwaukee was wonderful. when the delivery guys showed up, mike and michael, they were of the highest quality. they worked well together and were very professional and helpful. the delivery experience was the cherry on top for us! thanks abt! reviewed by michelle thomas from milwaukee, wi on 2/22/12. everything about my experience with abt was outstanding. very professional, everything was as advertised and ordered. this is the best electronics web site i have ever been to and may be the best shopping web i have ever interacted with. good job!! reviewed by roberto v. from braselton, ga on 2/9/12. works just fine plus the fastest shipping ever!!! thanks & i recommend seller! reviewed by abt customer via ebay on 1/17/12. real free delivery--not a bunch of legal mumbo-jumbo. no high end purchases for free delivery--all items can be arranged for delivery--free. lowest haul away charges. pro installers at reasonable cost-to ensure proper connections and code compliance!! can hhgregg claim that? we made two purchases over dec 2011- both were handled very well. we cannot give a higher rating to our salesman -russ chandra- and yes we asked for his permission to name him. if you want a floor display item--you get it if available-delivered free! after shopping others-- call abt or go to abt.com and chat for immediate help. never knew abt before this december. we saved near 400$ on a dryer[roper] and plasma 43' panasonic [display item] delivered free. thanks ara, russ and delivery teams. reviewed by trucker t. from elgin, il on 1/17/12. abt electronics did a great job. they provided accurate status the day of delivery and delivered the refrigerator on time. dispatch provided excellent customer service and the delivery guys were super friendly were very cautious getting the big fridge into our house. thanks abt!" reviewed by john w. from city name withheld on 1/13/12. i bought a sony boombox for my mom and when she received it, the cassette player was broken. i called customer service and treated very nicely. a new unit was sent out right away and i was not charged for return shipping. the new unit works great and my mom is thrilled. great all around experience!" reviewed by robert t. from city name withheld on 1/12/12. excellent service, abt found a ge range that no other seller seemed to be able to locate. price was better any any other price available. delivery was very fast, delivery team was courteous and professional. i highly recommend abt electronics!!" reviewed by fenton f. from city withheld by request on 1/8/12. abt electronics is the greatest for pre and post sales. the store is massive but non intimidating. the staff is well versed and accommodating! the price is right and the service is even better!!! thanks abt...you would be a fool to shop anywhere else. reviewed by jerry n. from elmhurst, il on 12/27/11. delivering agent guided us through the inspection process to assure receipt of a defect free product. very impressive that the selling company puts so much customer care from start to finish of the process. reviewed by mike w. from city withheld by request on 12/24/11. arrived much earlier than their expected date (arrived on the 18th not 27th) and abt is serious about price matching. within minutes they had approved a price match for an external site and were extremely pleasant with which to interact. highly recommend." reviewed by joanna m. from city withheld by request on 12/24/11. so what is someone from california writing a review for a store in chicago? well because i had the most professional and courteous purchase experience online and via phone calls. the prices were the best i could find and the salespeople especially joshua and jarrett were top notch. it is hard to imagine where they might improve. i just ordered my macbook and am waiting for it so will update the review when i get it. so far very impressed! reviewed by fred j. from sacramento, ca on 12/22/11. researched a washer and dryer online. called the 888# and the abt guy was great. super helpful. not pushy. excellent service. they squeezed me in for next day delivery. the delivery guys called promptly at 7am to let me know the 2hr delivery window. they showed up at the beginning of the window and that was it. easy breezy. great service is definitely hard to find. one day i will travel out to the brick and mortar. reviewed by eugene e. from chicago, il on 12/16/11. first off, i'm so glad i called in advance to reserve the tv, it made the purchase/pick-up experience super easy especially given how incredibly crowded the store was last saturday. i've never seen so many people at one retail location in my life. i love the tv recycle offer, and the guys out at the recycle center were very helpful and friendly. everything was a great customer experience at abt, from the ease of purchase to the merchandise pick-up i was really impressed and will definitely recommend abt to anyone who'll listen (except i think i'm the only person in northern il who hasn't been there!). it was great to see a local retailer (not a big box) doing so well in tough economic times. it really comes down to great prices and great customer experience - pretty simple but rarely done well. kudos! reviewed by barb peterson from vernon hills, il on 11/11/11. i can't say enough good things about this company! 1) financing. the credit card gets you at least 12 months no interest on your major purchases. we've financed a tv, tv stand, computer, slr camera, dishwasher, stove, and range hood...no hassles, no problems, no interest! 2) variety. if you want it and it's worth buying, you can get it at abt. 3) sales people. what a great group! i've always enjoyed working with sales people, on the floor or on the phone. they take their time to find out what you're looking for and what your budget is. try getting that at best buy or sears! 4) installation techs. i really appreciated the guys who set up our dishwasher, stove, and range hood (a week after we moved into our "move-in ready" house). they were very tidy and took the time to show us how it works and how to clean stainless steel. 5) shopping experience. this place is like an electronics candy store. plus you can check out boutiques like tumi, apple, and viking. reviewed by francesca v. from arlington heights, il on 11/7/11. i have been a customer of abt for over 30 years including your very first tiny store and have always been very pleased with all purchases from small clock radios to full plasma tv and entertainment system. customer sevice, pricing and selection is outstanding. reviewed by henry d'ambrosio from mundelein, il on 10/25/11. love abt. they always have the products that i need and are always competitively priced. i always choose abt over other electronic stores. this is the first time i have purchased online with shipping and was pleasantly surprised at how quickly i received my purchase. i will be shopping more with abt! reviewed by marquitta kirwan from des plaines, il on 10/18/11. i like that i am supporting a local company. the website is well laid out and the product selection is very good. the prices are usually competitive, but were the best i found for this item including shipping. reviewed by john fallon from aurora, il on 10/11/11. no one does appliances better. we trust the products but just as much the excellent delivery and installation. the abt installer came out with the new disposal, examined our old disposal and said "you don't need a new one, this one is fine". he then fixed the disposal, showed my wife where the reset buttons are and left us a wrench so we could do it ourselves next time! he would not accept any money for all of this and he suggested that if the old unit did burn out, we could reorder the new product at that time. now coincidentally on the same day (last friday) we had another person from abt come out to our house to "spec out" a major home improvement. we are going to go with abt for this large purchase and installation (a whole-house generator) without taking other bids because we believe the price is fair, and also because we have absolute faith in your installations. so the one fellow did a repair and saved us about $300 on a new disposal, and because of that we'll be spending more than $5000 with you on the other project. one of your competitors is advertising they are the only place to buy appliances -- not true. abt is the only place! reviewed by phil pomerance from sleepy hollow, il on 10/6/11. everything just as it should have, and that i expected: item was as i ordered at the posted price, shipping was initiated promptly, tracking information clearly communicated, delivery made at the scheduled time, item was received in perfect condition with all accessories. i wish everything i order on-line were handled like this abt order. reviewed by david sperry from greene, ri on 9/27/11. bought this same item a few weeks ago. what gives one an immediate heads up as to the high quality of the company was the fact that they put the box in which the manufacturer packed the item into another shipping box. that's an extra step and an additional expense many companies won't incur. they'll simply slap a shipping label on the manufacturer's box and send it out the door. reviewed by ronald berlin from fort lauderdale, fl on 9/20/11. great experience with the web shopping. great details and explanations. also used their live chat.... chat person was very helpful. will shop again. thanks, reviewed by george p. from city withheld on 8/31/11. easier site to order from than amazon.com, more straight forward. reviewed by mary ann from long beach, ca on 8/16/11. item came in great shape with very fast shipping. seller worked quickly to change my delivery options after the order was processed. highly recommended seller. a+ reviewed by michael r. from city withheld on 8/11/11. well packed, arrived early, item exactly as described and it works too. who could ask for anything more? reviewed by zack w. from city name withheld on 8/4/11. great service. just the way it should be (but not necessarily the way it is with others). they called ahead, let us know of the date and time range, reconfirmed the order (that it was the right parts), and then came on time. very nice thanks reviewed by carlos restrepo from raleigh, nc on 7/29/11. wow, this seller was great! i purchased a large tv from them. shipping was fast, and the delivery company was very courteous and professional. abt also made good on their advertised 30 day price guarantee. i would do business with them again in the future! reviewed by dain h. from city withheld on 7/23/11. i love how abt keeps my order history and how easy it is to re-order my water filter without having to research the information. i come back every 6 months to order my new one. reviewed by laura hershey from chandler, az on 7/15/11. this is one of if not the best online shopping experiences i've had. it was easy to navigate; clear and concise, good step-by-step! reviewed by william fenderson from highland, ny on 6/14/11. i choose abt for this purchase because of their reputation before and after a purchase of this type. reviewed by roger oden from chicago, il on 6/7/11. i've been dealing with abt since 1972. they offer the best products, service, prices, selection and customer care anywhere for any price. they have never let me down; i won't buy from anyone else. by allan kaminski from fontana, wi on 6/5/11. came much more quickly than the delivery estimate and packaged in great condition so that no damage could occur. item appears to be in perfect condition. great seller. by anonymous customer from city withheld by request on 5/26/11. the camera arrived six days before proposed.. the transaction was seamless, and i'd buy from them again. the nikon s9100 is a delight. reviewed by william r. from city withheld by request on 5/22/11. everything happened as planned with my transaction. the receiver was delivered on time, in new condition, with all parts and documentation. i received daily updates on the status of my order which were accurate to the minute. i am very impressed with the high level of customer service. reviewed by john kraus burkley jr. from city withheld by request on 5/18/11. very smooth transaction. the item was exactly what i was expecting and was shipped very quickly. wish all merchants did such an excellent job. reviewed by glen cuchine from city withheld by request on 5/2/11. abt is amazing!! i ordered this product online - their website was very user friendly. they called to remind me of my delivery date, the driver called the morning of the delivery to give me a time frame, called again when he arrived (on time) to ask whether i wanted to take delivery at the front or back door, was polite, careful and considerate. wish i needed more items so i could order from abt again. out of ten stars? twelve!!!! reviewed by anonymous customer from city witheld by request on 4/23/11. always a pleasure.....customer service & delivery is always outstanding. reviewed by kathy dunn from skokie, il on 4/11/11. we needed to replace our fridge. we had planned on going to sears until we read the reviews on yelp. so, following what seemed to be among the best reviews we headed out to abt. we are so glad we did. the sales people were very helpful, no high pressure, answered all our questions and sold us what we wanted. we were told we would be called the next morning between 7 - 9 to schedule delivery. they called at 7:15. we were told that they would be here between 10-noon. after living in chicago for over 11 years, this was the first, the very first delivery that came when they said they would. we were elated. they called us at 10 to tell us they would be here in 10 minutes... and they were! the delivery people were pleasant, professional, and took great care in moving the new fridge in and the old one out. no messing around, but not unfriendly either. just what a person wants when a delivery is made. reviewed by jeff j. from chicago, il on 3/29/11. the selection, prices and quality of the appliances offered @ abt, far exceed those of any other local retailer. i have found the service to be excellent and i like the convenience of ordering online. reviewed by katherine miller from chicago, il on 3/7/11. i had a problem with one of the tv's ordered. at first the manufacturer wanted me to fax a letter before they could "look into it". i called abt and after some initial trials, a new tv was shipped to replace the defective model. superior customer service that lead me to believe i was important to them and not just another sale! reviewed by john golen from orland park, il on 2/27/11. i have had two previous purchases from abt and i routinely recommend that people look at their pricing and their delivery charges before choosing any other retailer for electronics or appliances. abt also accepts many forms of payment including bill me later, paypal as well as several different credit cards. reviewed by emmett frederick from maricopa, az on 2/21/11. best price on the item i ordered. very happy to have no additional shipping costs. feel i can trust a business that has been around since 1936. web site easy to navigate. additional thanks for your very speedy shipment! by lani walker from pitssburgh, pa on 2/11/11. abt.com had exactly what i was looking for and provided a concise and complete description of the product. pricing and shipping were superior to other online vendors and killed the local stores. reviewed by edward brown from hilton head island, sc on 1/21/11. fastest shipping i've ever had! reviewed by robert rodgers from huber heights, oh on 1/8/10. we have had nothing but positive experiences with abt.com. the website is easy to navigate. the prices are extremely competitive. the delivery teams are overly friendly and helpful. a++ by kent miller from crystal lake, il on 12/30/10. i love abt. have been buying from them for 25 years from ovens to ipods. both selection and pricing is wonderful. this online purchase was a great experience. the weather was really bad so i didn't have to drive to the store - very convenient! reviewed by stephanie bogmenko from lombard, il on 12/27/10. we love abt. it's our third time to buy an appliance here, each time we have been delighted. i was skeptical about buying such a big expensive thing online, sight unseen-- but i realized i learned more about it online than when i saw it in a showroom. reviewed by nic nelson from los angeles, ca on 12/23/10. second time i have ordered from them with no problems. will continue to order from when they have what is needed or wanted. this was a small appliance that was packed very well. reviewed by brian macllroy from pinellas park, fl on 12/12/10. i read about abt from consumer reports. the website was easy to navigate, found what i was looking for, found positive reviews and the price was more than competitive and delivery was free. just that alone (free delivery) put this item below competition's. reviewed by david searle from streamwood, il on 11/23/10. i like to order appliances and electronics from abt. they stock all the best models of name brands, give complete information and details about the product, ship securely and quickly, and are easy to deal with and reliable. i'm glad i found them. reviewed by barbara sinnott from city withheld by request on 11/8/10. great site, even better prices. if you have never been to their store, ya gotta go for the true abt experience! reviewed by hugh hart from canfield, oh on 10/25/10. i was very happy with the delivery process. they called to give me a time frame and then called back when they were 15 minutes away, which was very nice. delivery men were very professional. reviewed by sue evans from carol stream, il on 10/19/10. abt, by far, has surpassed all other stores (internet & local) regarding price, ease of purchase, availability, and promptness of delivery. i'm happy to have found them and plan on coming back!! reviewed by shelly ruhland from stockton, ca on 10/4/10. this was the most fun i've ever had shopping online! you guys have a great selection, and your prices are unbeatable. there was no question after comparing your selection and prices with other competitors. i'll shop abt again...without a doubt! reviewed by katie battern from la grange, il on 9/27/10. this was a small purchase but i have been a loyal abt customer for decades. i am tough to please but i love abt! never had a bad experience! good prices. great selection. top flight service. and you guys are the experts who answer my questions correctly. reviewed by mark wilson from chicago, il on 9/22/10. all i can say is, wow! recently my washing machine broke down. it was beyond repair so we were forced to start shopping for a new one. of course, we also needed to get a matching dryer. a large investment, to say the least. the repairman who came out to look at the washer recommended abt, and boy i'm glad he did. the store is amazing. we did our research beforehand so we knew what we wanted. once we found the washer/dryer we liked, a salesman was right there. the buying process was simple and no hassle. he didn't try to upsell us on anything and only asked if we'd like the extended warranty - no pressure there either. within 5 minutes we had purchased a new washer/dryer. it was that easy! better yet, we got a coupon for a free coffee at their cafe down the road and a $50 gift card at their watch store. we walked around and were amazed at what we saw. this store has everything! seeing an apple store right there made me giddy with joy (and as a man, i don't get giddy that often). the kitchen displays were beautiful and one area gave out free warm chocolate chip cookies and coffee. the store was very crowded. to get around you kinda have to push your way through. there's just so much to see! the best way to describe this store is a fry's electronics, ikea, home depot and a mall all wrapped into one great shopping experience. update: today our washer/dryer were delivered. they told us they would be here between 9:30 - 11:30. they showed up right at 9:30. the delivery men were courtious, professional and quick. they even gave us some time to clean up the area where the old washer/dryer had been before installing the new appliances. i'd say they were in & out in about an hour. i gave them a tip because their service was outstanding. if you're looking for new appliances, or just about anything else for your home, i'd highly recommend checking out abt first. even if you don't need anything, it's worth the trip just to walk around in awe of all they have to offer. reviewed by brad v. from lombard, il on 8/24/10. pleasure doing business with a company that stocks their advertised merchandise, and gets order shipped out expeditiously. reviewed by rose from west covina, ca on 7/23/10. as usual, abt provided a quality product at a reasonable price. their selection, ability to compare items, and solid reputation make them the most reliable and trusted source for appliances and consumer goods large and small. with a store as good as yours, i'm happy to share the word with others who may not be familiar with your service, helpful staff, and positive business model--abt stands out against other appliance and goods businesses who seem to be driven by a low-dollar, low-service, and low-follow-through approach to selling. reviewed by gregory schaumburg from buffalo grove, il on 7/1/10. what a great company for so many years. i am very fortunate to live in northeast illinois - so close to the store. i will not purchase from anyone else- period! reviewed by peter morini from elmhurst, il on 6/24/10. over the phone service was quick and easy. i was clearly speaking with an american (which was appreciated by the way). the young man answered my question and didn't leave me feeling like i had to get off the phone to avoid being "up sold". reviewed by bryan n. from dekalb, il on 6/4/10. after telling you about abt (not said like a.b.t.) awhile ago, i have to comment on the stores in the atrium section. the atrium section is a lovely place to wander during the day and not on the weekend, when abt turns into a bustling metropolis full of people! if you took your time in there, you would notice how beautifully sculpted and planted the gardens are. it's full of lush vegetation and a riot of colourful flowers. there are some quiet places to sit, and honestly, it reminded me of a wonderful arboretum. and on the weekends? well, they are always baking cookies almost every hour, and the smell of fresh-baked cookies and free coffee is enough to invite me to wade through the traffic of people there. there's always some set up tables where people are doing demonstrations and selling abt-approved goods. there is a gourmet cooking section where they sell the latest and greatest kitchen utensils ever made, and mixers galore. but did you know that they even have an apple™ authorized dealer in the atrium? it looks just like a mini-apple store, complete with the trademark, wood flooring and white counters, very apple-ish. it was here, last sunday, where i got my hands on to try out an apple ipad! i must say that i was impressed with the product, and the staff in the apple store (even though they are abt employees) definitely were apple enthusiasts! i'm sure that they are competently trained in all aspects of the apple product line! as always, apple products are definitely the same price from apple store to store, but i did manage to use my teacher discount at the store for some software. so it was a very "learning" experience. it's very easy to spend a lot of time (and money) at abt. very, very easy. reviewed by michael c. from niles, il on 5/10/10. i was totally thrilled with this purchase. it arrived sooner than i expected and works better than i imagined! reviewed by stephen epstein from chicago, il on 4/27/10. this is an amazing electronics store. lemme correct myself, this is an amazing group of people who treat you as if you're at their home and just happen to be there to look at and perhaps purchase electronics. they serve cookies on the weekend, their store is amazing, with fishtanks and lights everywhere. this is the store best buy wishes it was and they still manage to have good deals and a very good selection of products. i went with my friend here to buy a digital camera, and service was amazing. she being a typical surbanite, wanted a pink camera, and since they didn't carry that particular shade, they shipped it to her home for free and with no hassle. amazing! i will definitely be going here more often for my electronic needs. by preenu j. from chicago, il on 4/9/10. abt is an outstanding, customer centric organization from the top down; our experiences with them have been stellar! buy here! reviewed by dana meek from haymarket, va on 3/22/10. absolutely love abt. have been buying from this store for over 10 years (15 maybe). good customer service; knowledgeable and good sales people; good products, reasonable priced products. reviewed by lydia tan from elmwood park, il on 3/15/10. excellent service, would highly recommend abt for any item that you have an interest in buying. great service and good buys. reviewed by thomas mcgrath from janesville, ca, 96114 on 3/7/10. the service from abt was as good as my wife receives from zappos for shoes and that is making a statement. the product was easy to find on the site, the purchase was easy, the notifications were prompt, the tracking was easy, and the delivery time was incredibly fast. the product arrived two days after i ordered it and i placed the order on the weekend. the player arrived in excellent condition. by dave from st. louis, mo on 3/1/10. product purchased exactly as stated-quiet and powerful. delivery was in two days and in perfect condition! easy to install. couldn't find product in my area so i was happy i could get it in such a short period of time. reviewed by susan bowman from hillsborough, nc on 2/22/10. this is my 2nd purchase from abt. i have been extremely pleased with the ease of use of their web site as well as the promptness of their shipping. i will be back. reviewed by lauren swedenborg from richmond, va on 2/15/10. good product at a very good price! i was amazed at the quick delivery. reviewed by abt customer from city withheld by request on 2/1/10. great prices, great customer service and great selection of products. staff very knowledgeable! thank you abt! reviewed by marc ye from lakeville, mn on 1/19/10. abt has a fantastic website. abt's online "chat" representative, carl, told me what i needed to know immediately. abt's prices and selection were excellent, plus free shipping! we also enjoyed reading about the interesting history of abt. i would recommend your company to anyone. what more could a person ask? reviewed by mary heinze from new york, ny on 1/12/10. i have been a big fan and purchaser of abt for many years. the selection and variety, as well as my preferred brands and very pleasant on-line shopping experiences are the best i've seen in the industry. thanks much! reviewed by mark warren from austin, tx on 1/5/10. great experience. i will definitely order again. it was a far better experience than waiting on long lines at my local electronic store. reviewed by donna marchisotto from brooklyn, ny on 12/30/09. the gentleman i spoke with on the phone was very pleasant and answered any question i had without hesitation. the delivery men were quite cordial and when they installed the machines, they did it with much professionalism. i ordered online- it was easy. reviewed by elizabeth ransom from elgin, il on 12/22/09. i have purchased many products from abt and have been very happy with their service. this is my first .com purchase in a long time and found it very simple to navigate. reviewed by william murphy from elmwood park, il on 12/11/09. i've been very impressed with abt.com's competitive prices, courteous service, well-packed merchandise, and quick shipping. i'll shop here again, and if asked, recommend abt.com. reviewed by michael meagher from richmond, ca on 12/2/09. i shop abt online confidently because i've been to their fantastic store, and their customer service exceeds any i have ever known. abt is simply excellent! reviewed by barbara b from wilmette, il on 11/18/09. my online shopping experience with abt.com was very smooth. i really appreciated the automatic fill-in features for the zip code and the way new customer accounts are created without deviating from the check out process. it's obvious that you've put a lot of thought into the design of your web site. well done! also, the free shipping option is a deal clincher. reviewed by portia wilcock from seattle, wa on 11/6/09. if all purchases and deliveries were as easy and prompt as this one was, i would be doing a lot more purchasing on line. reviewed by gloria schauer from surprise, az on 10/22/09. we have been a past buyer from abt over 10 years ago when we lived in a chicago land western suburb. now in fl. we were always satisfied with the quality and price of any of the various products purchased. their satisfaction guarantee was always honored. reviewed by ken lawn from leesburg, fl on 10/11/09. i do business with abt for 3 main reasons: 1) they are not a giant company and are a family owned business 2) their pricing is good 3) their customer service is amazing. you cannot be compared to any other big box company where teenagers help you. reviewed by angel siegle from bartlett, il on 9/29/09. checkout was easy and was fast. i found everything fast and you had the best price for what i was looking for. it saved me a trip to the store. reviewed by karen davis from pleasant grove, ut on 9/17/09. your site is the first place i go when i need to purchase anything. i tell everyone to shop at abt.com. i love your fast shipping and outstanding customer service. reviewed by sharon bryant-perry from west palm beach, fl on 9/10/09. we went out of our way to shop at abt. we're local to chicago and have been consistently impressed with your quality and service. you guys are fantastic! reviewed by kim buck from arlington heights, il on 9/3/09. abt.com is one of the best online stores i've ever done business with and i have done business with many. the "big chain" stores, the "preppy electronic" stores, the well known "discount" stores....etc. etc. and none of them have anything over abt. reviewed by alan from gray, me on 8/27/09. abt's price was the best and they accepted a coupon and their shipping was reasonable. the website made it easy to find the product i wanted. reviewed by luann jensen from la verne, ca on 8/14/09. the best online store i ever found, reasonable price, good shopping experience, great product, fast shipping. my first choice for online. reviewed by john zhang from chandler, az on 8/5/09. excellent audio inventory. good price competitiveness. free shipping and no sales tax are major plusses. web site glitch-free and user-friendly. good job so far. reviewed by michael kennedy from delran, nj on 7/28/09. we have purchased numerous abt appliances at their morton grove and glenview stores; my wife's grandparents purchased products from the original store in logan sq. on milwaukee ave. accordingly, when the olympus product appeared at abt i ordered on line from them. also favor purchasing from local (chicago area) merchant. reviewed by louis adler from deerfield, il on 7/16/09. my parents introduced me to abt when i was a child growing up in glencoe, il. i believe in being loyal to locally owned businesses and appreciate all that abt offers in terms of products and service. having such a thorough website helps as i reside in the city and it is just more convenient to purchase both small and large items this way. reviewed by sieglinde lim-seiwert from chicago, il on 7/5/09. i was completely satisfied with the product, but particularly with abt's handling of the order. reviewed by john putzel from saint louis, mo on 6/23/09. abt was $30 less for this microwave than amazon. i'd researched and knew this was the microwave i wanted and was comparing prices. but even if the prices were the same, or abt was a little higher, i would choose abt because of the well-packed shipping. abt boxes are always new and heavy, merchandise is pristine, always packed well. reviewed by janice m harbaugh from mitchellville, ia on 6/1/09. have purchased things from abt for many many years - great company - great service. i shopped at the old abt when it was on milwaukee ave in chicago. reviewed by sharon wolnik from wood dale, il on 5/27/09. this is the fourth appliance that i've purchased from abt. i've also recommended your store to my family and friends. i love the free delivery, but i especially love the great customer service. you simply cannot get this type of customer satisfaction at a large home center. reviewed by mary muniz from chicago, il on 5/16/09. when i moved from chicago to san diego in 2000, i never dreamed that i would shop at the "house that service built" ever again. thanks to the internet, here i am shopping at abt! both sides of my family have shopped at abt since you opened your first store on milwaukee avenue in avondale in 1936 and i am thrilled to be able to give you my business. there is nothing like abt here in southern california, so your presence on the web is truly appreciated. i will let all my friends know that they should check abt.com before they buy from anywhere else. reviewed by ralph walton from san diego, ca on 5/8/09. i am very pleased with all aspects of this purchase. the item shipped quickly, was carefully packed, and got here fast. i would definitely order from this company again, and would recommend it to others. reviewed by ronn gladwin from oklahoma city, ok on 4/30/09. your service is great and you stand behind your products. reviewed by esta bain from albuquerque, nm on 4/22/09. i've always been satisfied with all the purchases i've made at abt. customer service is excellent and the quality of their merchandise is without a doubt the best! reviewed by anita sison from harwood heights, il on 4/13/09. my order from abt.com arrived very quickly and in perfect condition. this is what i have come to expect from abt and i will certainly order from them again and recommend them to others. their prices are very competitive and their service is outstanding. reviewed by jim varnedoe from savannah, ga on 4/3/09. this website has the best prices and includes shipping and handling. i haven't found this kind of deal anywhere else. plus, they mail your item fast! it arrives in perfect condition. ++++ reviewed by jo ann c. from tallahassee, fl on 3/23/09. i always purchase appliances from abt. their prices are more than reasonable and they supply any reviews they have on each product. their web site is thorough and easy to use. i encourage any one to buy from abt with confidence. reviewed by susan laub from skokie, il on 3/14/09. the washer i purchased from abt.com was a replacement for a washer i bought at sears last october (which has failed twice). the customer service on that purchase was terrible. i've always heard from friends and relatives that the experience at abt is exceptional. the only reason i haven't shopped at abt more in the past, is that the retail store is not close to my home. but, abt's website experience is also exceptional, so i won't let the location be an issue in the futue. reviewed by robert mathien from west chicago, il on 3/2/09. i found your store one day when i was browsing the internet looking for blue-ray players. your site is wonderful in every way, very informative, combined with great service. i am so glad to have discovered it!!! reviewed by kim schneider from dickinson, nd on 2/24/09. i always am impressed by the quality of the experience at the abt retail outlet and now online. the site was easy to use and had powerful search features. i felt comfortable knowing that i could chat with a customer service rep with the click of the mouse. reviewed by nick ballinger from greer, sc on 2/14/09. these guys are great! they are fast and efficient and truly go out of your way to help you. there is candy and cookies everywhere to enhance your shopping experience. they price matched our sony tv found online with no problem and then gave it to us for even less just so they could say they gave us the best price. in an era where "hire the customer" is in vouge and where you can go to target and the cashier won't say a single word to you, customer service is king! abt gives the royal treatment! reviewed by sejgal s. from chicago, il on 2/1/09. i've never bought anything from abt online before. it was quick, easy, and informative. i searched several other sites for the micro sd card. i didn't buy from those sites because their descriptions left me not quite sure what i was buying. i hate to order something and find out when i receive it that it isn't what i need! abt's description was clear and concise. i know i got the right item. they had the same sd card at another store for $35 as well but theirs was only 2 gb instead of the 8gb card i got at abt for the same $35. reviewed by tom ahern from chicago, il on 1/9/08. i order all my appliances from abt's web site. i have always had great service and fast delivery.they're the best! i don't shop anywhere else for appliances. reviewed by carol paruch from roselle, il on 1/1/09. selection, price delivery are always perfect and when called always received courteous, knowledgable assistance. highly recommend. reviewed by thomas parisi from boerne, tx on 2/28/08. abt has knowledgeable salespeople, and the online chat feature was fast and accurate. i have purchased other items from abt, as have family members. pricing is competitive and service is very good. i will continue to shop here. reviewed by chris carlson from vernon hills, il on 12/22/08. great shopping experience with this company in the past. this is one of the online companies that you can always depend on! reviewed by t. frank dolan from arlington, tn on 12/18/08. abt service has been great. all orders handled rapidly and the one return item was handled with fantastic customer service. we really appreciate the abt level of service. we have recommended them to many of our friends. reviewed by leo cloninger from warrensburg, mo on 12/10/08. i have been a abt customer for nearly 30 years, and have always been happy with customer service and products. keep up the great work! reviewed by mary lewis from evanston, il on 11/25/08. my parents who are now deceased shopped at abt when it was just a small store in chicago. when i got married and then bought a home, i started shopping at abt. most of my family who live all over the greater chicago metropolitan area buy their appliances from abt and rave about your selection and service. friends from as far away as antioch are familiar with abt and shop there when the need arises. the only "problem" is quality appliances seem to last a long time. my early to mid 1990's abt purchased maytag washer and dryer are still going strong just like the energizer bunny. these past few years my purchases have been smaller, various electronics. but when the economy allows i plan a major kitchen remodel and i fully intend to buy all my new appliances at abt. i wouldn't think of shopping elsewhere. i may look elsewhere but i will buy from abt. the bottom line is not only are your prices so very fair and competitive, your service can't be beat. i'm the kind of consumer who places value above price and abt always comes out on top. keep on doing what you've been doing for all these years and you'll keep building your "fan club". reviewed by eileen priest from hoffman estates, il on 10/29/08. abt.com is an outstanding internet retailer! i've made several purchases from this retailer and have been extremely satisfied with my experiences! the care that they demonstrate in ensuring all purchases are securely packaged and shipped is superb! most highly recommended! reviewed by greg hlinka from alexandria, va on 10/22/08. i have been searching all day for a portable dvd player for my dad's 80th birthday and it was a hassle but i somehow got to abt.com site and it was great. within a matter of less than 10 minutes i found exactly what i had been searching for all day and got a great price with no shipping and no tax. i love this site. reviewed by michelle shanahan from napa, ca on 10/15/08. i am pleased with abt.com's website and the help i was able to get via their online chat support. the representatives were helpful and informative. i am glad that abt.com has a solid and easy to understand return policy, but because i was able to research the product using their website and chat support, i am hoping to only need to return the product if it is defective or damaged upon arrival. reviewed by chris sussman from cambridge, ma on 10/7/08. abt.com has the best prices and shipping around. i always receive my merchandise quickly and am very pleased with their service. i would recommend them to everyone. reviewed by ricki stroud from denver, colorado on 10/1/08. i am a return customer and have recommended abt to several friends and relatives. your products are in stock, ordering online is simple and shipped quickly. reviewed by angel morales from boca raton, fl on 9/23/08. wow! placed my order monday afternoon & had it by wednesday morning. super fast shipping! having a little trouble getting it hooked up. i haven't given up yet. many thanks for a great product, great price & same day free shipping! you guys rock!! reviewed by teresa g. from cleveland, tn on 9/8/08. great experience- abt customer service is #1 on the internet - it doesn't get any better!!!!!! reviewed by frederick heuer from lewiston, ny on 8/17/08. i appreciated the ability to calculate shipping charges before committing to purchase - that made the difference for me - and i purchased here rather than other online sources. reviewed by sue anderson from austin, tx on 7/15/08. this online purchase has quite possibly been the best value, easiest transaction, fastest delivery purchase i have e v e r had. i am thrilled with the product, know that i got a great deal, and amazed at how quickly it arrived at my doorstep. perfect. reviewed by vivianne scott from wilson, ny on 7/1/08. my family and friends have purchased many items from abt electronics & appliances. they are the best in fast delivery, selection and price! with the high cost of gas why would you go from store to store only to find that they can't match abt's price. look no further... shop with abt online! reviewed by peter consolo from brooklyn, ny on 6/15/08. i received my purchase (a samsung lcd hdtv) much more quickly (only two business days from the date of my online order) than expected. when my nephews helped me unpack it and set it up, i was very pleased to note all the extra care in packing that had been taken to further ensure that the delicate tv arrived without damage in that the manufacturer's shipping box (already well padded and enforced with styrofoam forms molded to hold the tv inside), was nested securely by abt's shipping department in air pillows within the larger shipping carton. it is very, very clear to me that abt cares very strongly about the products they sell reaching the purchaser in perfect condition. i want to extend my most hearty thanks and appreciation for this extra care and will certainly tell anyone who asks about this extraordinary level of care. reviewed by d. m. jitchotvisut from chicago, il on 6/1/08. thanks so much. your website made it very easy to locate what i was shopping for. the price was unbeatable and the free shipping was just great. i appreciate the prompt confirmation of my order along with the invoice and ups package tracking details by email. all around, this was a good experience. i'll order from abt again in the future. reviewed by rockford thorpe from sugarland, tx on 5/14/08. it's easy to see why abt has been in business for so long - great products and great, fair prices from a family owned company that definitely cares about their customers. plus, it helps that they are chicago area based, my favorite town! several months ago, we needed a new refrigerator. i could have gone three miles down the street to a discount appliance store locally, but i chose to deal with abt due to everything mentioned above. abt is an outstanding company, and they have a lifetime customer in me. thanks abt! reviewed by richard lewis from palm coast, fl on 5/1/08. dealing with abt was easy. they update you as to the status of your order (was shipped, will be delivered, has been delivered) and was very accurate. order arrived as requested. absolutely no problems. this is my 2nd order from abt and will order from them again. reviewed by dania medina-urzua from lake mary, fl on 4/13/08. i have enjoyed all of my communications with this company and obviously keep coming back. they appear to truly care about their customers. they offer prompt and accurate product delivery and are accessible if i need to talk to them. a number one company in our book. reviewed by sandy webster from st charles, il on 4/2/08. love doing business with abt. all the staff i've encountered have shown excellent customer care. special kudos to your delivery and installer staff. on time, courteous, and efficient... it's a rare thing in today's world. thank you abt for the high standards of customer care you provide. some times for a good price business skimp on customer service and many consumers think this is ok and they just settle... i used to think that. you showed me that's not the case. this is a testimony to your many years of business. in my family we love abt. reviewed by phyllis haskin from chicago, il on 3/21/08. what an online merchant should be - new, quality products, no annoying phone calls or sales pitches, fast efficient service, shipping on time and easy to track updates. bravo. reviewed by blake bryant jory from valley village, ca on 3/1/08. very reliable company to purchase from. everything was just as stated on line. in this day and age when you don't know who you can believe it's very refreshing to know that there is a company in cyberspace that will do what they say they will do. thank you for a very good experience. reviewed by carol haase from knoxville, tn on 2/17/08. abt sets the standard for excellence and outperforms all other retailers. abt has the best; service, customer service, prices and great technicians. i only shop at abt for my computer, cameras, electronics or household products. fortunately, i also have the opportunity to personally shop in person at their store. my family has been an abt customer for 40 years. reviewed by lenora vasilopoulos from glenview, il on 2/7/08. this is the 2nd time i've ordered from abt.com within the past few months. both times, i was impressed with the notification i received when my order was shipped & the quick-link to my ups tracking number. both times, my items were packed with care & products were exactly as expected. prices were the best, also! abt.com is an exceptional company. i would highly recommend them and will definitely be ordering from them in the future! reviewed by beverly duffy from albuquerque, nm on 1/27/08. absolutely perfect transaction - from start to finish. i simply could not have asked for anything better. great pricing (and price matching) excellent reduced cost on expedited shipping super, super fast customer service (oh, and really great product too!) reviewed by joyce meier from greenwood, in on 1/8/08. great store- great prices- great website. have shopped at abt for years. this is the first time buying from them online; despite experience with online shopping, have never bought anything this expensive before online. but, since i know mostly what i wanted and the website helped me figure out for sure what i wanted, i thought we could avoid the drive out to the store by ordering online. big time savings for us during this busy time. only missed out on helpful salespeople and yet i know i could have gotten help online if i felt i needed it. reviewed by bliss packer from chicago, il on 12/26/07. you folks are fantastic - great product, delivered in just 2 days from time of order, even though i used ground ups, hdtv easy to setup and operate, my wife's mother is just so happy with it! thanks for a great experience, and a lasting joy to her mother. reviewed by a. barnett from raleigh, nc on 12/19/07. i got a 52 inch sony bravia lcd. this was the first time i've purchased from abt. i did so after i found them to be several hundred dollars less than my local best buy, plus it was delivered to my home at no additional cost. not only that, the shippers used by abt brought the set inside, placed it in the room where i would be setting it up, and opened the carton so i could inspect it for damage before they left. everyting was great, and the television is wonderful. i'll definitely buy from abt again. reviewed by joe isom from east amherst, ny on 12/11/07. the product i wanted at a good price with fast delivery and the best packing i've ever seen on a product i ordered on line in 10 years. i can't wait to find the time to cruise your website to see what else you have there. will order my next ink shipment from abt.com. reviewed by andrew henrich from tempe, az on 12/2/07. this is my first purchase from abt.com and i am extremely satisfied with the entirire purchase from the user freindliness of the web site to the pricing, the super fast shipping and easy order tracking. reviewed by mike girbino from cleveland, oh on 11/23/07. the purchase experience was excellent. the product i wanted was available, delivered promptly, and at a very competitive price. i highly recommend this company and would purchase there again. reviewed by richard danser from lessburg, fl on 11/13/07. this is my first purchase at abt.com. i was surprised at how easy it was to find what i was looking for at a price i was willing to pay. the checkout process was clear and concise and i actually grinned when my purchase was complete. reviewed by kelly pryor from san diego, ca on 11/6/07. always of the highest quality and good customer service. questions answered promptly, thoroughly and kindly whether in person, on phone or via web chat. reviewed by name withheld by request from chicago, il on 10/14/07. today i received the vacuum cleaner i ordered a just few days ago. i want to complement you on your fast service, shipping and order tracking. the online ordering process was easy and your pricing was great. this was my first order with abt, but it won't be my last. thanks abt! reviewed by paul horton from atlanta, ga on 9/12/07. order arrived incredibly fast - before i thought possible! great service! reviewed by dan swodzinski from milwaukee, wi on 9/1/07. i recently purchased a vacuum from abt electronics. this was a easy, trusting experience! thank you! i love my hoover canister with the great filtration system, suction - it is quiet, has an automatic cord retractor and lightweight! so after i made up my mind to purchase from abt, i looked at other web sites and i was amazed $20 to $40 more plus shipping charges. even if they had not been less expensive i still would have kept my order with abt because of my phone conservation with a gentleman sales rep. my internet sales experience was simple, very explanatory and not long. i will purchase from abt in the future. thank you for superior customer service (i am referencing the man i spoke to who was so understanding). he could have laughed or made a comment about my question instead he explained there was just one part to put together, click in hose to canister. i did not know i was even buying from another state (and shipping was included). it meant enough to me to say thank you, thank you, thank you!!!!! reviewed by stacy fox from mt.vernon, me on 8/12/07. i am amazed to find this level of service in the current market. the product was delivered on time and in perfect condition. the product itself was defective which is not abt's fault. i contacted them my email and online chat and within 24 hours had a free ups return label in my hand. i will now be making abt a regular on my online purchase list. thanks abt. reviewed by jerry krause from san francisco, ca on 7/1/07. 100% satisfaction. i will always use abt electronics ahead of competitors unless there is a 20 % price difference. and, even then abt has matched the competition's prices. can't go wrong with abt whether you're next store or next 10 states away. reviewed by edmond o'neill from hatfield, pa on 6/1/07. i recently bought a breville juicer after reading customer reviews online. i wanted to thank your company, not only was your pricing cheaper than anywhere else but your service is awesome. i was so surprised to get my order the next business day. i love the juicer and plan to be a loyal abt customer and will spread the word about you to everyone i know. thanks again for offering such great products and services. reviewed by mairi huizinga from west chester, oh on 5/18/07. i just wanted to thank you for making my recent purchasing experience so pleasant. i bought a microwave from your company as a gift for mother's day and it arrived within a few days after i bought it and my sister loved it. i loved how you made the whole process from purchasing to tracking the package so easy for me (not to mention affordable). the whole transaction process was so streamlined, easy, affordable and informative. i have told many friends about my experience and i hope that it brings you a lot of business. you really deserve it. thank you very much! aloha. reviewed by wallace napier from honolulu, hi on 5/11/07. i recently purchased four sharp lcd tv's from abt and i would like to tell you that the customer service dept. was the best. every question or request was dealt with fast and to my complete satisfaction. i live just outside of manhattan nyc and abt electronics was better than the best in this area. from the competitive prices to the customer service - to the way the items were packed and shipped. all first class. reviewed by don lascola from lyndhurst, nj on 4/19/07. i recently ordered a 19" samsung lcd tv from you. i was completely and totally satisfied with the way my order was handled. i could not have asked for anything more. the total process from a to z more than met my expectations. i was particularly impressed with the procedure you have for tracking orders after they have shipped. it was extremely easy to use. this was my first purchase i have made from you. i am sure there will be more. reviewed by tim henniss from pinehurst, nc on 4/5/07. i received the microwave and i'm extremely please with it and with the great customer service and lightening fast delivery by abt electronics. i recommend your company to anyone who is looking for quality products at a great price. thanks abt, i'll be back as a customer. reviewed by brenda weathers from statesboro, ga on 3/28/07. i searched the internet high and low for the product i wanted, even e-bay could not beat the price because abt offered free shipping for my product. the tracking kept me up to date as to where my purchase was and delivered on time as promised. this was my first purchase from abt and certainly not my last. for the best price this will be my first stop. reviewed by d. g. merrell from san juan capistrano, ca on 3/21/07. our relationship started with my father buying from your store in logan square. from there to niles to morton grove to glenview- we've been steady customers. why?? very simple-- very knowledgable sales staff; right product(s) and the best price. most important of all- unbelievable service before, during and after the sale. thank you from phoenix, az. reviewed by mike adler from phoenix, az on 3/18/07. this was the easiest internet ordering i have done. abt electronics worked things out so that ordering is an easy process with no confusion and it runs smoothly for the customer. delivery was right on time also. thanks. reviewed by v. heffernan from hermantown, mn on 1/26/07. abt exceeded my expectations. good prices, great quality electronics, easy shopping at the website and on-time delivery in unmarked boxes that left everybody guessing what might be inside. thanks. reviewed by tom hutchison from springfield, il on 1/7/07. i ordered the product for a christmas present for my son, i am currently in deployed to iraq. i was extremely excited when i found out that they shipped the product the every same day. i received an e-mail telling when the package would arrive. the best thing is they are an authorized pioneer dealer. the price was fair compared against e-bay, but blew the doors off retail prices! i will purchase more products from abt electronics. reviewed by robert smith from tacoma, wa on 12/31/06. a friend took me to abt electronics about a month ago. it was the most pleasant and wonderfully overwhelming shopping experience. from the selection, to the excellent, no pressure sales people, to the check out process, to the delicious homemade chocolate chip cookies, i could not have been more pleased. i have told dozens of people about abt, and even though i live 50 miles from the store, it will be more than worth the trip to go back there! reviewed by mary kay conley from tinley park il on 12/21/06. first timer.. your service was fast and very efficient..package was received fast and information to its delivery was great..in a day of lousy service and low customer ratings, this buy was refreshing. reviewed by lee schultz from tacoma, wa on 12/11/06. i have purchased a major appliance from abt in the past and was very satisfied with all aspects of the transaction. i saved quite a lot of money, and was treated very well, by their personnel. this was a phone purchase. i live hundreds of miles from their store. reviewed by marlene folkman from twin falls, id on 12/4/06. it's fun to shop at your store and deal with your knowledgeable sales staff compared to shopping at the 'box stores'. i take pleasure in knowing that an independent dealer is beating them in selection, price and personnel. reviewed by gary schultz from orland park, il on 11/24/06. abt electronics is my choice for appliances and electronics. the staff is knowledgeable and helpful; the store is pleasant and well organized. i have shopped there for at least 15 years and will visit again when the need arises. reviewed by carol mcmahon from mt prospect, il on 10/30/06. i ordered a water filter from your company a few days ago. the price was very reasonable, the tracking number was emailed to me, and the delivery confirmation got here along with the filter today. i just wanted to let you know how nice it is to do business with a company the fills it's orders promptly, updates the customer on the shipping status, and sells at a reasonable price. whenever i am in need of something that abt could possibly carry, i will check with you guys first. it's a pleasure doing business with abt. reviewed by mark farwell from mckinney, tx on 10/24/06. i am from long island, ny and i believe we have some of the most aggressive competitive retail stores in the country. so here is the thing - on major appliances, delivery from out-of-state is a killer. usually any price reductions and savings on tax are negated. therefore, i was amazed that abt beat everyone. (and also did it on small electronics). plus, you get real humans to speak with. people with names and personalities. in addition, you get first class delivery, as promised- every time. i have absolutely no idea how they do it, and though curious, i'm not going to question it. i shop on the 'net extensively, and i have shopped locally. i do my research on every item. if you aren't happy with something make sure you have the reviews and specs on it before you buy. any retail store is primarily a place for purchasing, and i would not think them responsible for a purchaser's poor taste or selection. i am hopeful that abt will prosper. thank you abt. reviewed by john d. from port washington, ny on 10/18/06. i have to say, i've been doing business on the internet for nearly 20 years and this one abt transaction is by far the easiest, most pleasant transaction i have ever experienced. the communications were prompt and shipping was free and fast. bravo abt...i will be back!!! reviewed by brian sandvig from maplewood, mn on 10/6/06. just a note to thank you for #1) having "in stock" what you said you had and #2) delivering it on time. some say third time is the charm, i say the fourth. canceled three other orders for not having in stock what they said they had. now i know where to go first. ps: perfect fit in my office! wanted the 51, but this connects to camcorder perfectly! reviewed by pl stephenson from fresno, ca on 10/1/06. company was very quick to process order, as well as keeping me informed through email. will definitely use them again! reviewed by michelle ivester from knoxville, tn on 9/26/06. all online shopping experiences with abt have been very positive for the last couple of years. abt was particularly helpful when the delivery crew threw away the box i needed to collect a rebate. a letter was written on my behalf which resolved the problem. the web interface is informative and efficient. reviewed by robert mccarthy from city location withheld on 8/28/06. i have purchased many products, including electronics, home appliances and other equipment for many years and have been completely satisfied with the products and all aspects of my association with abt for all these years. reviewed by john kennamer from huntley, il on 8/20/06. i have always shopped at abt since my parent took me to there. i then remember them when i purchased my first town home when they were still in morton grove. even though its an hourlong trip, i would rather go there than the local big box electronic store 10 mins from me. now i'm in my first real single family home and i've purchased a refrigerator, washer, dryer as well various other electronics and appliances. i am glad they are there.. always courteous people and always the best prices. abt has a lifelong customer here. by the way, my little girls love the globe and the aquarium and the cookies. reviewed by alejandro mendoza from naperville il on 7/20/06. my abt transaction was top notch. often a company will lose some of the personal touch when operating on-line. not so for abt! i placed my order, called to change it, and asked for delayed shipping while i was on vacation. abt provided friendly accommodations for each request. the shipping company was no less accommodating. i called to ask for an estimated delivery date and was provided with an accurate shipment status. the shipper called prior to delivery, delivered at the agreed time, and the product was in perfect condition upon receipt. i'll look to abt first for future appliance purchases. reviewed by craig runk from schoolcraft, mi on 7/10/06. the in store experience is superb. the online shopping is fantastic. i will definitely be an abt customer for life! reviewed by joy watson from chicago, il on 6/27/06. abt electronics has an excellent web site, very easy to maneuver, and best of all---fast and easy checkout. the item i ordered was delivered exactly when promised, which was important because this was a birthday present. abt is highly recommended! reviewed by nina poole from kyburz, ca on 6/10/06. this is not the first time i have ordered from abt. i have always been pleased with your site, prices and quick delivery. reviewed by larry olsen from palominas, az on 5/31/06. i have used abt on several occasions and have found them to be cooperative, professional and, frankly, cost effective. i would recommend them highly. reviewed by donald flynn from brewster, ny on 4/2/06. fantastic customer service for this purchase, great product, great price, fast shipping reviewed by chuck comito from smithtown, ny on 3/19/06. this was the best online service i have ever had. thanks for being so good! reviewed by jeffrey scott from ssg usa on 2/11/06. my whole purchasing experience with abt was rewarding. their website was simple to maneuver and their descriptions were clear. abt's customer support followed up on the delivery address so i was confident that the product would arrive when and where it was supposed to. the product arrived on-time, in good condition and was exactly what i was expecting. abt is at the top of my list for any of my future ordering. thank you reviewed by joan cummings from boca raton, fl on 1/12/06. we have been buying our electronics from abt for 6 years now and i just wanted to say thanks for everything you do for us. never have i dealt with a better company. your prices & service could not be outdone by any other company. your customer service is exceeded by no one. whenever we buy anything from you it always arrives on time and in great shape. thank you reviewed by david stevenson from chimney rock, nc on 12/23/05. the site was very easy to use and after the order i called them with a question. they have a toll free number and i was quickly connected to a person who promptly answered my question. these guys know what customer service is! reviewed by renee achee from mandeville, la on 12/13/05. very simplistic ordering process. site was well designed to show all relevant information in a concise format with no legal jargon to confuse consumers. everything was stated upfront so consumers have no fear of hidden fees or product misrepresentation. i would definitely shop here again and again. i will refer abt to all of my clients and friends. reviewed by kevin farne from north las vegas, nv on 12/2/05. this is our 3rd time buying high end appliances from abt. the other times have been nothing but exemplary. this is a great web source. reviewed by clifton hawk from denton tx on 11/7/05. i am writing this e-mail to compliment one of your employees, mary, for providing excellent customer service regarding a television i recently purchased from abt. she came across as courteous, professional, intelligent, and most importantly, you have empowered her to make decisions. i am extremely impressed with how abt conducts business, the caliber of your employees, and your business model. most people believe that when you order merchandise online you are sacrificing customer service for price. however, abt appears to be redefining this stigma, and is providing customer service at levels typically found at retailers such as nordstroms. once again, my complements to abt and your employees. reviewed by rich schlesinger from orange county, ca on 10/17/05. i found the pricing to be very competitive. the site was very informative about policies and gave me great comfort that abt is a member of the bbb. i appreciate doing business with a online retailer that takes the time to answer questions upfront. reviewed by robert baker from hurst, tx on 9/21/05. good product choices and trusted brand names. i really like your site, it's set up well, easy to find things, and has a nice look. reviewed by shawn roberts from missoula, mt on 6/22/05. i was born in chicago and now live in texas. with abt's website, i am able to continue to be a loyal customer even though i am 900 miles away. abt has always provided excellent service and prices for each and every purchase that i have made over the last 5+ years. thanks for being a great retailer with the best customer service there is! reviewed by kathleen kettenbeil from double oak, tx on 5/19/05. i am not kidding when i say that "this was one of the best on-line purchases i have ever made". the prices were just great, the shipping was even faster than i had anticipated, and everything was correct and safely packaged. i would definitely order from your company again... keep up the good work!!! a very happy customer. reviewed by michael rasmussen from milwaukee, wi on 5/9/05. abt continues to be one of my favorites sites for electronics. they offer good products at excellent prices, often with free shipping. the few times i've had to contact customer service, i have been more than satisfied with the treatment i received and the resolution to my concerns. they deserve the highest rating an online vendor can achieve. reviewed by christine fey from waldwick, nj on 4/21/05. abt is by far the best store with whom we have done business. the service, price, friendliness of salespeople and navigability of the web site are without peer in the business community. reviewed by stephen berger from chicago, il on 3/20/05. this marks my third purchase from abt. it is easily the most accessible website on the net with simple and clear instructions on how to shop as well as great values. before i buy from abt, i always shop prices and abt's is always a touch below those of the competition. combine price with no hassle shopping experience and free shipping and you have a great deal! why would you go anywhere else? reviewed by benjamin pinczewski from closter, nj on 2/22/05. i just wanted to send a quick e-mail to say how great my shopping experience was. i researched my purchase online and abt had the best prices. your website was easy to navigate and i got the exact model micro-hood and slide-in range i wanted. everything arrived on schedule and in great condition. now that my new appliances are in they look and work great. so many times buying things online can be a disappointment. thanks for making it all so easy! i have told a few people about your website and even my contractor is looking into purchasing appliances for his new homes from your website. i'm sure i'll be back too! thanks again! reviewed by myron king from city withheld by request on 1/05/05. you had the xm radio that was out of stock throughout california and unavailable on the more prominent web sites i visited. my daughter says thanks to santa, but it was really you guys. happy holidays! reviewed by joe collonge from los gatos, ca on 12/28/04. fast and simple with good security of personal information. fast shipping times. handles name brands at best prices. creates confidence in market and products. reviewed by william simmons from waynesville, ga on 11/21/04. the ultimate store worldwide for appliances & electronics bar none! reviewed by tony o'brien from grayslake, il on 10/28/04. clear your recently viewed itemsyour recently viewed items: nikon coolpix l820 black 16.0 megapixel digital camera sony 84" xbr 3d 4k led hdtv apple macbook pro 13.3" 2.9ghz intel core i7 notebook computer frigidaire affinity 3.3 cu ft white front load washer pleasing people...since 1936 stay informed sign up for our e-letter sign up for the latest information on new products, special offers, and savings opportunities at abt. unsubscribe more info shipping returns price matching international visitors affiliate program terms of usage about abt history news awards social media green program employment assistance help faq store ads financing chicagoland customers store hours & directions videos | discontinued follow abt on: site map | privacy policy | site security | contact us toll free 888.228.5800 | chicagoland 847.967.8830© copyright 1997-2013, abt inc. 1200 n. milwaukee, glenview, il 60025