来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20161230022724/http://www.abt.com/blog
================================================================================

abt technology blog - news on sales, events and hot products at abt pleasing people...since 1936 blog brands learn registries & lists help shopping cart no items in your cart. customer support - 7 days a week or call us at 888-228-5800(chicagoland 847.967.8830) log in | track your order | customer service applianceskitchenkitchen appliance packagessmall appliancesrefrigeratorscooktopsrangeswall ovensdishwashersdisposals & compactorshoods & downdraftsmicrowavesfreezers & ice makerswarming drawerslaundrylaundry packageswashersdryersstacked washer dryer unitswasher and dryer combo unitscommercial dryerscommercial washersirons & ironing tableslaundry accessoriesoutdoorbbq grills - outdoor grillsmosquito repellantoutdoor heatersgrill accessorieshome solutionsair conditionersair purifiersheating/cooling & air qualityvacuums & floor carewater dispenserswater heaterssump pumpsgeneratorshand dryerspaper shreddersappliance accessorieswater filtersdishwasher accessoriesinstallation accessorieskitchen accessories buying guidesdehumidifersair conditionersdishwashersrefrigerators rebates see all appliance rebates tvs & electronicstv & home theatertelevisions tvreceivers & componentsvideo componentsspeakershome theater systemsprojectorswireless audio systemsaudio & video accessoriesspeaker stands & mountstv mountsgaminggaming consolesvideo gamesvideo game accessoriesdronescameras & camcordersdigital camerascamcorders & action camerasbinocularsdigital photo frameslensesprinters & scannerscamera & camcorder accessoriesaction camera accessoriesphoneshome phonescell phonescell phone accessoriescomputersipadstabletsdesktop computerslaptops / notebook computerscomputer monitorscalculatorsprinters & scannerscomputer accessorieswearablewearable technologybuying guides3d televisionblu-ray playershdtv trade-in your old electronics & receive abt gift cards - get started audiospeakershome theater systemssound bar speakersbookshelf speakersfloor standing speakersoutdoor speakerssatellite speakerscenter channel speakershome theater speaker packagessubwoofer speakersportable & bluetooth speakersin-wall speakersin-ceiling speakersipods & audio playersheadphonesmini systems & ipod docksipods & mp3 playersboomboxes & portable cd playersclock radiosradios voice recordersipod, audio and phone accessoriescar, marine & gpsgps navigation & accessoriescar stereos & componentscar speakerscar subwoofers & enclosurescar security & remote startradar detectors and accessoriesmarine audiomobile videomobile accessories home & fitnesskitchen & diningsmall appliancescutlerycooking utensilskitchen tools & gadgetssinks & faucetscookware & bakewaredinnerware & drinkwarekitchen accessoriesoutdoor diningexercise & fitnesstreadmillselliptical machinesexercise bikeshome gymsweight trainingheart monitors and fitness trackersworkout accessorieshome comfort & safetycarbon monoxide and smoke detectorsthermostatsgarage organizershome securityassisted mobilityhome lightinghome automationpower toolsflashlightscordless power toolspower saws & woodworkingoscillating toolslasers & measuring instrumentsgrinders and metalworkinghammers & hammer drillspower tool accessoriesstorage solutionsbenchtop & table sawsdrills & impactswork wearsanders furniture & mattressesliving roomsofassectionalsrecliners chairsoccasional and end tableslampsrugsstoragemedia roomhome theater seatingmassage chairstv stands & entertainment centerstv mountsdining room & kitchendining room setsbar stools & counter stoolsdining chairsdining tablesgame roompool tablesgame tablesvideo game arcade machinesgamingmattresses & beddingmattressesbedsbed sheets & pillow casesmattress & pillow protectorspillowsoffice furniturepaper shredderscomputer desksoffice & conference room chairsfile cabinetsoutdoor furniturepatio furnitureoutdoor heatersoutdoor dining watches & fashionwatchesmens watcheswomens watchessmartwatcheswatch accessoriessunglasses & eyewearsunglassessnowboard & ski gogglesjewelrypandora jewelryluggage & accessorieswalletsmessenger bagssatchel bagsbackpacksbriefcasescarry-on luggageduffel bagscrossbodiestravel accessoriestoteschecked luggageapparel specialssave moneyweekly specialsjust reducedbundleskitchen appliance packageslaundry packagesshipping promotionsinstant rebatesmail in rebatesbest of the bestbest sellerstop rated productsmore promotionsrebatesfinancing promotionsnew productsnew arrivalsavailable for pre-order thebolt the official blog of abt electronics & appliances search for: abtblog rss feed  subscribe in a reader categories abt exclusive (799) abt services (1) big game 2016 (1) black friday (2) ces 2014 (11) ces 2015 (3) ces 2016 (21) ces 2017 (25) design center (4) energy efficiency (4) events (904) abt news (10) contests (1) sales (5) fitness (4) guest post (6) home tips (9) homeownership (1) learning center (328) products (1,015) apple (10) cameras (3) fitness (6) home theater (13) internet of things (6) kitchen (8) microsoft (6) outdoor (2) video games (5) recipes (18) game time recipes (12) technology news (531) the technologist (25) videos (64) nintendo switch preorder information announced january 13th, 2017 last fall, nintendo set the gaming world abuzz with a cryptic announcement of their curious upcoming gaming device, the nintendo switch. the unique console seemed to follow in its predecessors’ footsteps, emphasizing the gaming experience and communality more than outright graphical power. some gaming demos and the basics of gameplay were revealed, but much else was kept secret. nintendo finally pulled the rest of the details out from under wraps, announcing a release date, final price, and the details of a nintendo switch subscription online-gaming service. the nintendo switch will be available in two color schemes. read the rest of this entry » tags: gaming, nintendo, nintendo switch posted in abt exclusive, technology news, video games | leave a comment » dji takes over the sky with their improved fleet january 11th, 2017 since 2006, dji has been on the forefront of consumer and professional grade drones, producing unmanned aerial vehicles—more commonly refereed to as drones—which are designed to capture aerial content for all types of users. the entry level phantom model has been designed to make flying easy, even for someone who has never flown anything before. the phantom comes ready to fly, meaning you can un-box the drone and in less than 10 minutes have your new toy up in the air. be cautious though, because pilots will tell you the easy part of flying is getting in the air; the hard part is landing. but you can have peace of mind, thanks to the intelligent flight system that gives the phantom stable hovering assistance, collision avoidance, and an auto landing feature. flight times on the phantom range around 25 minutes thanks to the impressive battery that is easily swapable so you can keep flying when one pack is empty. there is a lot of impressive technology crammed into this space age looking drone, and lets not forget to mention that the phantom is capable of shooting 4k video at 60 fps. read the rest of this entry » tags: ces, ces 2017, dji, drones posted in abt exclusive, ces 2017, outdoor | leave a comment » best of ces 2017: our favorite gadgets january 9th, 2017 in a sea of biggest, brightest new products you can imagine from the industry powerhouses, sometimes it’s the clever, small items that catch your eye the most. here are some of our favorite gadgets from ces 2017. ipowerup solar charging phone case solar-powered phone cases are nothing new, but good solar-powered phone cases are. in our experience, the cases typically never meet their claimed specs, taking much longer than expected to deliver any worthwhile juice to your phone. so we’re optimistic that the ipowerup cases live up to their claims. thanks to refinements in photovoltaic technology, the extra-efficient panels on this case can produce 450-500 mah of power in one hour of sun exposure. that means a typical smartphone battery should be charged to full capacity in five to six hours.if the ipowerup solar case lives up to its claims, we can see this being one of the year’s most popular iphone accessories. read the rest of this entry » tags: alpine, ces, ces 2017, drones, iphone accessories, lg, virtual reality posted in abt exclusive, apple, cameras, ces 2017, products, videos | leave a comment » best of ces 2017: top 5 best tv developments january 9th, 2017 ces 2017 wasn’t much for shocking new technology debuts or any real game-changers. instead, we saw plenty of refinements and advancements to the wowing tech that debuted maybe last year or the year before. that trend was especially evident with televisions and associated home theater stuff. here are our top 5 developments in tv from this year’s ces. 1.) more oled for nearly three years now, lg has had run of the court as the only manufacturer with a commercially-available oled set. while a bit pricey, they also produced what was unanimously considered the best picture possible in a backlit display that you could fit in your family room. that changed this year, with both sony and panasonic showing off their own oled models.  the sony bravia a1e oled has a few other tricks up its sleeve, in addition to the stunning picture. meanwhile, panasonic’s 65ez1000 oled is claimed to have double the brightness of a typical oled, which may make it reigning champ of the home theater picture quality, a crown they often wore in the plasma tv days. read the rest of this entry » tags: ces, ces 2017, lg, oled tvs, panasonic, projectors, samsung, sony, sony cledis posted in abt exclusive, ces 2017, home theater, videos | leave a comment » ces 2017: klipsch heritage headphones january 9th, 2017 listeners who were impressed by the klipsch heritage  speakers but might want something a little more portable are in luck. also debuting at ces were the klipsch heritage headphones, which follow the same “new inside, old outside” philosophy of the rest of the lineup. these headphones are crafted from a variety of machined metals, fine woods and hand-selected leathers, which gives them a rustic, old-school look and superior comfort. the klipsch heritage headphones include multiple models with different fits and options. first in the lineup is the klipsch hp-1, which features 40mm drivers in a closed-back, on-ear design, and which will be available in wired, wireless, and active noise-cancelling models. the hp-2 is an open-back, on-ear design, while the hp-3 will be an open-back, over-the-ear model. both the hp-2 and hp-3 will available only as wired models. each model is designed home-quality sound even without amplification. very excited to get our hands on these, but we’re going to have to wait. klipsch expects them to be available in late 2017. tags: ces, ces 2017, headphones, heritage, klipsch posted in abt exclusive, ces 2017, videos | leave a comment » ces 2017: klipsch heritage speakers january 9th, 2017 klipsch is a brand that most would not consider when hearing the words “vintage design.” though they’ve been in the game for seventy years, most of their current product line has a decidedly modern aesthetic, from the sleek black cabinets to the characteristic copper cones. but many have never been introduced to the klipsch heritage lineup, a series of high-end products that are hand-made in hope, arkansas, the town where klipsch was founded. each heritage product features a vintage-inspired design, but is packed with the brand’s top-of-the-line audio technology, creating heirloom products meant to be treasured for generations. we caught up with klipsch at ces and got a look and listen at some of the newest products in the heritage line. the forte iii speakers resurrect one of the most popular nameplates in the company’s history. these full-range, floor-standing speakers are crafted to deliver a multi-dimensional listening experience in just a single pair of speakers, without the need for an external subwoofer. loaded with klipsch’s newest technology, the forte iii meld the best of past and present klipsch. read the rest of this entry » tags: audiophile, ces, ces 2017, heritage, klipsch posted in abt exclusive, ces 2017, home theater, videos | leave a comment » ces 2017: alpine mobile audio january 6th, 2017 alpine’s ces booth is one of our favorite stops each year, featuring tons of new products and some very impressive display vehicles. this year was no different, as we got to check out an abundance of their upcoming audio products, as well as some other goodies. we learned about the new alpine x-series, which is the company’s new overarching series of flagship amps, speakers and subwoofers. the x-series will focus on audio attributes of imaging and soundstage, terms normally reserved for describing high-end home sound systems. read the rest of this entry » tags: alpine, car audio, ces, ces 2017 posted in apple, ces 2017, videos | leave a comment » ces 2017: samsung invisible connections & no gap wall mount january 6th, 2017 samsung has been working hard over the past year to eliminate the mess of wires behind your tv and make hanging it on the wall much easier.  the new qled tvs from samsung feature the all new “invisible connection” cable, which is a thin optical wire that will be able to send content from the one connect box to your samsung tv. the cable is in-wall rated, so the cables are strong enough to compete toe to toe with conventional wires, but this is especially great for people who don’t want to have to run their cables through their walls. because it is so small you will be able to easily hide the cable as you run it along to your tv. this cable will reduce the clutter behind your tv set making for a clean look. this one cable will be connecting to your tv through the one connect box with either a 5 or 15 meter length of cable. read the rest of this entry » tags: ces 2017, optical cable, qled, samsung, tv mount posted in ces 2017, videos | leave a comment » ces 2017: libratone zipp speaker and q adapt headphones january 6th, 2017 scandinavian companies are often known for melding practical functions with striking, minimalist designs. think bang & olufsen audio equipment or basically anything you can get at ikea. at ces, we caught up with libratone, a newer danish company who are putting out some interesting products that espouse that same design philosophy. read the rest of this entry » tags: ces, ces 2017, headphones, libratone posted in abt exclusive, ces 2017, videos | leave a comment » ces 2017: fossil group’s hybrid smartwatches january 6th, 2017 technology has rattled many industries in recent years, even the fashion world. so as anyone could imagine combining the two is not a simple feat. however, when it comes to a name brand company such as fossil group, merging the two has proved to be only successful. fossil group’s focus and fashion design expertise has successfully launched over 40 new smartwatch hybrids across a few of their accessory brands including fossil, skagan, misfit, kate spade and much more. the cool thing about these hybrid models is that they look and feel like traditional analog watches, because they don’t have typical smartwatch displays. yet they count your steps, monitor your sleep and send notifications to your wrist. just download the associated app with each different brand and see your activity data. our ces 2017 crew stopped by fossil group to learn more about their new fashion forward smartwatches. watch the video to see just how they work! read the rest of this entry » tags: ces, ces 2017, fossil group, hybrid smartwatches, smartwatches posted in abt exclusive, ces 2017, technology news, videos | leave a comment » « older entries abt technology blog is proudly powered by wordpress entries (rss) and comments (rss). need help? call us 888-228-5800 live chat chat now learn before you buy buying guides customer reviews why abt? award winning service authorized retailer price match policy quick shipping free tech support testimonials pleasing people...since 1936 join our email list & get $25 off your next order of $250 or more. more info shipping returns price matching international visitors affiliate program terms of usage about abt history news awards social media green program employment assistance help faq store ads financing chicagoland customers store hours & directions videos | discontinued follow abt on: 888-228-5800 © copyright 1997-2017, abt inc. 1200 n. milwaukee, glenview, il 60025 site map | privacy policy | site security | contact us