来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20161230022724/http://www.abt.com/help/faq
================================================================================

abt electronics frequently asked questions pleasing people...since 1936 blog brands learn registries & lists help shopping cart no items in your cart. customer support - 7 days a week or call us at 888-228-5800(chicagoland 847.967.8830) log in | track your order | customer service applianceskitchenkitchen appliance packagessmall appliancesrefrigeratorscooktopsrangeswall ovensdishwashersdisposals & compactorshoods & downdraftsmicrowavesfreezers & ice makerswarming drawerslaundrylaundry packageswashersdryersstacked washer dryer unitswasher and dryer combo unitscommercial dryerscommercial washersirons & ironing tableslaundry accessoriesoutdoorbbq grills - outdoor grillsmosquito repellantoutdoor heatersgrill accessorieshome solutionsair conditionersair purifiersheating/cooling & air qualityvacuums & floor carewater dispenserswater heaterssump pumpsgeneratorshand dryerspaper shreddersappliance accessorieswater filtersdishwasher accessoriesinstallation accessorieskitchen accessories buying guidesdehumidifersair conditionersdishwashersrefrigerators rebates see all appliance rebates tvs & electronicstv & home theatertelevisions tvreceivers & componentsvideo componentsspeakershome theater systemsprojectorswireless audio systemsaudio & video accessoriesspeaker stands & mountstv mountsgaminggaming consolesvideo gamesvideo game accessoriesdronescameras & camcordersdigital camerascamcorders & action camerasbinocularsdigital photo frameslensesprinters & scannerscamera & camcorder accessoriesaction camera accessoriesphoneshome phonescell phonescell phone accessoriescomputersipadstabletsdesktop computerslaptops / notebook computerscomputer monitorscalculatorsprinters & scannerscomputer accessorieswearablewearable technologybuying guides3d televisionblu-ray playershdtv trade-in your old electronics & receive abt gift cards - get started audiospeakershome theater systemssound bar speakersbookshelf speakersfloor standing speakersoutdoor speakerssatellite speakerscenter channel speakershome theater speaker packagessubwoofer speakersportable & bluetooth speakersin-wall speakersin-ceiling speakersipods & audio playersheadphonesmini systems & ipod docksipods & mp3 playersboomboxes & portable cd playersclock radiosradios voice recordersipod, audio and phone accessoriescar, marine & gpsgps navigation & accessoriescar stereos & componentscar speakerscar subwoofers & enclosurescar security & remote startradar detectors and accessoriesmarine audiomobile videomobile accessories home & fitnesskitchen & diningsmall appliancescutlerycooking utensilskitchen tools & gadgetssinks & faucetscookware & bakewaredinnerware & drinkwarekitchen accessoriesoutdoor diningexercise & fitnesstreadmillselliptical machinesexercise bikeshome gymsweight trainingheart monitors and fitness trackersworkout accessorieshome comfort & safetycarbon monoxide and smoke detectorsthermostatsgarage organizershome securityassisted mobilityhome lightinghome automationpower toolsflashlightscordless power toolspower saws & woodworkingoscillating toolslasers & measuring instrumentsgrinders and metalworkinghammers & hammer drillspower tool accessoriesstorage solutionsbenchtop & table sawsdrills & impactswork wearsanders furniture & mattressesliving roomsofassectionalsrecliners chairsoccasional and end tableslampsrugsstoragemedia roomhome theater seatingmassage chairstv stands & entertainment centerstv mountsdining room & kitchendining room setsbar stools & counter stoolsdining chairsdining tablesgame roompool tablesgame tablesvideo game arcade machinesgamingmattresses & beddingmattressesbedsbed sheets & pillow casesmattress & pillow protectorspillowsoffice furniturepaper shredderscomputer desksoffice & conference room chairsfile cabinetsoutdoor furniturepatio furnitureoutdoor heatersoutdoor dining watches & fashionwatchesmens watcheswomens watchessmartwatcheswatch accessoriessunglasses & eyewearsunglassessnowboard & ski gogglesjewelrypandora jewelryluggage & accessorieswalletsmessenger bagssatchel bagsbackpacksbriefcasescarry-on luggageduffel bagscrossbodiestravel accessoriestoteschecked luggageapparel specialssave moneyweekly specialsjust reducedbundleskitchen appliance packageslaundry packagesshipping promotionsinstant rebatesmail in rebatesbest of the bestbest sellerstop rated productsmore promotionsrebatesfinancing promotionsnew productsnew arrivalsavailable for pre-order home > help > faq browse help my account ordering customer support gifts & registries shipping & returns products warranty & services privacy & policies other why shop abt award winning service authorized online dealer free shipping low price guarantee no sales tax (outside of il, in, mi, wi) free tech support need help? call us888.228.5800or live chat chat now abt | faq across the board how do i compare models on your web site? when looking at a product listing, click on the "compare" checkbox just below the product images on two or more products that you want to compare. then click on the "compare" link next to the checkbox. this will bring up a window that compares features on the products. does abt have a gift registry or wish list? yes. abt does have a gift registry and wish list for every occasion. you can see our wish list and gift registry page at http://www.abt.com/category/519/gift-ideas.html how do i sign up for the newsletter? you can sign up for the abt newsletter by clicking here. does abt have any special promotions or discounts? yes. we do have ongoing promotions and discount throughout the year. when is your next customer appreciation sale? we do have several customer appreciation sales throughout the year. watch the web site for upcoming details. are there sale and promotion restrictions? yes. certain exclusions apply click here for details. can you provide a referral for installation of a new unit and/or removal of old unit outside the chicagoland area? yes. outside the chicagoland area we refer home advisor at (877) 800-3177 or www.homeadvisor.com does abt price match? please view our website's low price guarantee page for details. recycling does abt recycle? yes. abt does offer recycling for its local customers. learn more about abt's green program what are the hours of operation for abt's recycling center? hours: monday, tuesday, thursday, friday and saturday, 1pm to 7pm closed: wednesday and sunday location, hours & contact info what are your hours? please view our website's store hours and directions page for details. do you have more then one location? we have only one location. we are located at: 1200 n. milwaukee ave. glenview, il 60025 view map what is the phone number for appliance service? the direct phone number to contact our appliance service department is (847) 544-2265. what is the phone number for electronics service? the direct phone number to contact our electronics service department is (847) 544-2261. what is the phone number for connect (computer) service? the direct phone number to contact our computer service department is (847) 544-2255. what is the phone number for appliance parts department? the direct phone number to contact our appliance parts department is (847) 544-2264. what is the phone number for phone sales department? the direct phone number to contact our phone sales department is (847) 544-2281. what is the phone number for car audio? the direct phone number to contact our car audio department is (847) 544-2281. how do i contact my sales person directly? if you do not have your sales person's phone number, call abt's main line (847) 967-8830 and ask to be transferred. who do i contact for donations? for donations you would contact cari boyk. you can email the information over to cboyk@abt.com. ordering & purchases who can i call for service on an appliance/electronic that was purchased from abt? in the chicago area we service what we sell. so you can contact us at (847) 967-8830. outside of the chicago area we recommend home advisor at (877) 800-3177. what does pre-order mean? "available for pre-ordering" means the product is new to our site. it is not in our warehouse, but will ship once it is received from the manufacturer. estimated arrival date is listed on the product page. what does back-order mean? the manufacturer indicates it will arrive in our warehouse in "x" days or more. it will ship once received. what does special-order mean? special-order means items that we do not normally carry these items in stock, and must put in a special request to get them in. once ordered from the manufacturer, the product usually arrives in our warehouse within 7-21 days. we will ship it once it is received. why do some items not show pricing? these products are "in-stock" and due to manufacturer restrictions, we are sometimes unable to show pricing for our products. in that case, you will need to place your order over the phone. what financing options do you offer? we offer numerous financing options. you financing options can be viewed at www.abt.com/custserv/instore_financing.php3 how do i get a copy of my purchase? to get a copy of a recent purchase you can either sign into your abt online account and download it, or call customer service at (847) 967-8830 / (888) 228-5800 to have a copy e-mailed or faxed to you. what are the ordering steps at abt? shopping cart review review the items in your cart. shipping and taxes are based on your delivery zip code. to modify your zip code click the edit button next to the ship to zip and enter the new zip code and click update. step one: shipping information enter all required information in the spaces provided. when finished, click on the "continue checkout" button. step two: billing information enter all required information in the spaces provided. if you want to bill and ship to the same address, check the "use shipping address as my bill to address" box. when finished, click on the "continue checkout" button. step three: review + submit order review and confirm all of the information you have entered for purchasing your order. if you need to make changes, click on the "edit" button next to the information that needs to be modified. if all information on this page is correct, click on the "place your order" button. order confirmation your order has now been placed. you will receive an e-mail confirmation of your order within an hour of placing it. 24-48 hours later, you will receive a shipping confirmation e-mail with a tracking number. what are abt's payment options? safe shopping guarantee our secure shopping guarantee protects you while you shop at abt electronics. you should never have to worry about your credit card being in the wrong hands. we guarantee that every transaction you make on abt.com will be 100% safe. this means you pay nothing if unauthorized charges are made to your card as a result of shopping at abt electronics. read the details of the security policy. paying by credit card* we accept visa, mastercard, discover, and american express. you can safely enter your entire credit card number via our secure server, which encrypts all submitted information. to provide you with an additional layer of security, all credit card numbers are cryptically stored on a computer that is not connected to the internet. after you type, fax, or call it in, your complete credit card number is transferred to this secure machine across a proprietary one-way interface. this computer is not accessible by network or modem, and the number is not stored anywhere else. at this time, we are unable to accept visa, mastercard, and discover credit cards issued at banks outside of the us. for security and fraud protection reasons, we verify all account information when a purchase is made. foreign banks cannot provide us with this information, therefore we are unable to accept these cards. * it is our standard procedure to request a pre-authorization from your credit card company/bank before we process your order. the pre-authorization will confirm that your bank has sufficient funds available. the funds are not actually removed from your account until we ship the order to you. you may see both pre-authorization and the charge on your account, but this is not a duplicate charge. the pre-authorization will be removed within a few days depending on your bank. at that time you will have only been charged for the item(s) that have been shipped. financing (abt card) buy now and pay over time with the abt card. several different financing offers available- click here for details. manage your account electronically online. new approvals require 24 hours to process. paypal credit® buy fast. feel secure.® what is paypal credit®? paypal credit® is an easy way to make online purchases without using a credit card. simply choose this option, enter top of mind information, and in a few easy steps, you're done. you will receive a bill in the mail and can choose to pay in full or over time. subject to credit approval. note - abt is unable to ship to address's that are not paypal credit verified. paying by gift card online gift certificates are available on our website by clicking here. these gift certificates can only be redeemed through our web site. (gift cards are available in our retail location and can be redeemed in our store). online gift certificates are not redeemable for cash and can not be applied to any existing credit card balance. if you have lost your gift certificate code, e-mail customerservice@abt.com or call us at 1-888-228-5800. gift certificates must be used in their entirety. no balances will be held on credit for later purchases. if your order exceeds the amount of your gift certificate, you must pay the balance with a credit card. if you have a problem redeeming your gift certificate on the abt.com website, call customer support for assistance. online gift certificates are not available for in-store pickup. online gift certificates expire one year from their date of issue. paypal the newest payment option at abt. store your bank or credit card information with paypal and choose it as a payment option when you checkout at abt. you can also manage your account electronically online via this service. please note: customers using paypal will experience a 24 hour delay in processing their order (including in-store pickups). abt only ships to addresses that are paypal verified. due to paypal's processes, funds are withdrawn from the purchaser's account as soon as your order is completed. google checkout a fast, safe, convenient way to shop online. google checkout lets you track all your orders and shipping in one place. just log in with a single google username to shop. ebillme™ the most secure way to pay is cash. no bank routing numbers or sign up, simply pay from your bank's online bill pay system or from a convenient walk-in location near you. learn more. paying by purchase order we do not currently accept purchase orders since all orders must be pre-paid. we do have many corporate and organizational customers who take advantage of the following method: corporate sales invoice after you make an order marked to be paid by check, send a brief e-mail message asking for a corporate sales invoice, click here. we can either mail or fax it to you, and your company's accounting department can send a check for the order. paying by check or money order abt does accept checks and money orders (mo) denominated in u.s. dollars as a payment option. to pay using these methods, you must call (1-888-228-5800), fax (1-847-919-3706) or e-mail us your order to the online sales department - click here. once your order has been confirmed, you will be provided with an address where your payment should be made. paying via these methods does slow down your order somewhat, as we don't order your items until your check or mo is received, and we don't ship the items to you until your funds clear. for most orders in the united states, paying by personal check or mo typically delays your order one to two weeks. currently we are only able to accept postal money orders denominated in u.s. dollars or checks denominated in u.s. dollars and drawn on a u.s. bank. checks must also have a valid nine-digit bank routing number (aba code) micr-encoded on the bottom of the check. what is abt's privacy policy abt privacy statement since 1936, abt has respected our customers privacy rights. at no time will any personal information given to abt be sold or transferred to any other party (either online or in our retail store). if you place an online order, our secure order form requests contact, billing, and financial information. contact information from the order form is used to send products and product or company information to you. your contact information is also used to get in touch with you should we have questions regarding your order or should we need to notify you of the status of your order. the financial information we collect is used only to bill you for the products purchased. we have a mailing list and run promotions on our site in which we ask visitors for their contact information. we use this to contact the winners and give information about our company. no contest information entered on our site will be shared with other companies. users may choose not to receive future mailings from us by deleting their names from our mailing list. if you are receiving correspondence from abt.com in error, simply send an e-mail to newsletters@abt.com and you will be removed from our mailing list. what is abt's shopping security promise? the checkout and confirmation areas of our site are secured using ssl (secure socket layer) encryption. this ensures that your credit card number and personal information are never sent over the internet unencrypted. your credit card information is immediately stored in its encrypted form within the data center. once it is encrypted, no one except the credit card authorization company can decrypt it. encryption is provided by verisign, who is recognized as the leader in secure e-commerce payment technologies and services. how much is the sales tax at abt? we do not charge sales tax on any item ordered to customers outside our normal truck delivery service area. if you live within illinois, wisconsin, indiana or michigan, you will incur taxes at a rate listed below. our shopping cart automatically calculates taxes during the checkout process. -illinois- 9.75% -wisconsin- county sales tax determined by delivery point (5%-6.1%) -indiana- 7% -michigan- 6% no sales tax is billed outside of these states. shipping & delivery do you ship outside of the united states? we offer shipping to canada and mexico. (more info) is a signature required for delivery? a signature is only required for any purchase made over $500. what companies do you use for delivery? abt uses several shipping companies. below is a current list of companies: united parcel service (ups) united states postal service (usps) air group tracking (aglc) pilot air tracking (plt2) custom companies (clgi) how long will my delivery take? delivery times vary. for more information, visit our shipping options page. what is the shipping time frame for freight and large purchases? common carrier standard delivery - processing time: 1-24 hours delivery time: between 3 and 10 business days total ship time: 4 to 11 days white glove delivery - processing time: 1-24 hours delivery time: between 3 and 10 business days total ship time: 4 to 11 days ***delivery time frames are approximations. if there are delays, we will do our best to let you know. what is white glove service? this is a special service for large and overweight items. it includes normal delivery plus un-crating, setting your goods in place and removing the packing material. this service does not include installation of any type. the white glove delivery time is normally between 3 and 10 business days. our carrier of choice will contact you directly to arrange a convenient delivery time. what are holiday shipping guidelines? holiday shipping timetables we want to help you get the gifts you purchase on time for the holidays. here are some dates to keep in mind when ordering merchandise so it arrives by december 24th. (view map) shipping method order by (2pm cst) apo/fpo deliveries 12/1 puerto rico / virgin islands 12/9 common carrier - white glove (overweight/oversized items) 12/16 common carrier (overweight/oversized items including 37" tvs and larger) 12/16 ups groundtrack (varies by region) 12/17 (click for map) ups 3 day 12/21 ups 2 day 12/21 abt delivery (chicago metro residents only) / ups local (parts of il, wi, mi or in) 12/21 ups next air day** 12/23 in store pickup (chicago metro residents only) 12/24 (store closes at 6pm) **between december 11-24, ups states that its next day air, 3 day and groundtrack services may be delayed by 1 or 2 days. please note: - items marked as "back-ordered" or "special order" are not in stock and will ship once they arrive in our warehouse. - items marked as "in-stock" usually ship the same day but may take up to 24-48 hours to process internally. - * gift items- must be unopened and factory sealed. - * see return/exchange policy page for complete details and limitations on certain types of returns. certain categories are excluded. how do i track my order? tracking is made easy. your tracking number will be included in your shipping confirmation email. once you receive the email, you can go to our tracking page and enter your tracking number in the input form. do you offer in-store pick up? eager for your purchase? try in-store pickup. click here for store hours and directions. if you live in or around chicago you may pick up your order directly from our store by following these simple steps: choose "in store pickup" from the drop down menu (on the check out page that asks for you to choose a shipping method) there is no shipping charge when you select this method. after your checkout is complete, wait to receive two emails from us shortly: order confirmation e-mail - verifies we've received your store pickup order and is being processed. store pickup notification e-mail - will arrive when your order is ready for pickup. it will also walk you through the steps you'll take when you get to the store. to ensure your pick-up goes smoothly, please bring a the following items with you a copy of your receipt that was recently emailed to you. photo id (a valid state issued id or driver's license) the purchasing credit card (for your protection- only an authorized user of the card may pick up your order) can't come in to pick up? have someone else pick up for you. choose "someone else will pick up" from the pick up options (on the check out page that asks for your pick up method) there is no shipping charge when you select this method. after your checkout is complete, we will send you and your pickup person a ready-for-pickup e-mail. your pickup person will need to bring to the store a government issued photo id and a print out of the ready-for-pickup email. please note: your order will be held for 7 days and for your security, we will cancel the order and refund your card at the end of the holding period. please allow at least 1 hour after your order is placed to receive the pickup notification email. proceed directly to the merchandise pickup area and hand them a copy of your receipt. orders using paypal or new abt credit card approvals are available for pick up after 24hours of your purchase time. product availability items marked as "in-stock" are ready for pick-up 1 hour after your purchase. for details on stock status and availability click here. service, returns & warranty what is the warranty on your items? manufacturer warranty (authorized online retailer): manufacturer's warranties vary per product. for more information on a product's warranty, please contact one of our sales representatives. extended service warranty available: available for most products sold through our website. chicagoland customers will receive an extended warranty covered by abt's own service team. out of state customers receive extended warranties backed by squaretrade. who do i contact if i need service? (both locally and out of state) purchasing from abt gives you access to our in-store repair department. we don't send your products out to third parties for repairs--we have our own technical repair staff on site. you can bring or ship your equipment to us for service, or if you are in the chicago area, we can make a house call. every abt service member is recognized by each of our manufacturers as having superior repair knowledge and skills. each member of the team undergoes continuous training in order to stay on the cutting edge of electronic and appliance repair. we are a factory authorized repair center for virtually every appliance and electronic product we sell. in the chicago area for service for – appliance contact us at (847) 544-2265 electronics contact us at (847) 544-2261 how do i make a return? to begin the return process, please log in to your account, and select "order information". what if my order is received damaged? every package is insured to guarantee you receive your purchase in perfect condition. please look over all new deliveries prior to signing for the merchandise. any inconsistencies, irregularities, or damage must be noted in writing. if your package has been damaged during shipment, please initiate a return within 24 hours of receiving it. we do insure all packages and will gladly send a replacement free of charge. once the product arrives at abt, either a refund will be issued or we will exchange your product and send a new one out to you. damage claims can't be initiated after 48 hours of receiving your merchandise. what if my order is received defective? every package is insured to guarantee you receive your purchase in perfect condition. please look over all new deliveries prior to signing for the merchandise. any inconsistencies, irregularities, or damage must be noted in writing. if you have received a defective unit, some manufacturers may require one service call to diagnose the issue before authorizing an exchange. pleasing people...since 1936 join our email list & get $25 off your next order of $250 or more. more info shipping returns price matching international visitors affiliate program terms of usage about abt history news awards social media green program employment assistance help faq store ads financing chicagoland customers store hours & directions videos | discontinued follow abt on: 888-228-5800 © copyright 1997-2017, abt inc. 1200 n. milwaukee, glenview, il 60025 site map | privacy policy | site security | contact us