来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20101121113703/http://www.equipatron.com/blog/
================================================================================

equipatron blog - from 30 years experience on home, lawn and garden equipment. we detected that your javascript seem to be disabled. you must have javascript enabled in your browser to utilize the functionality of this website. 1-800-780-9141 login | order status my cart (0) category navigation: shop by category generatorsstandby generatorspressure washersheaterspumpsair compressorstrimmersengineswet/dry vacsjobsite boxeswalk-behind mowersride mowersblowerschain sawslog splittersprofessional equipmentaccessoriesoutboardssnow blowersice augers shop by brand briggs & strattonbrutecampbell hausfeldeverridegegreat danehoneywellhondami-t-mmk diamondmurrayparsunpoulanpoulan propow' r 'kraftpowerbosssnappersubaruvoxwacker neusonweed eaterworxrolair shop by specials welcome to equipatron blog nov 42010 snow blower buying tips posted on: nov 4, 2010 - 8:38 pm just me 1 response >> i mentioned in the previous blog that we already have a 2 stage snowthrower that can handle the biggest of snowfalls. it’s a great snowblower for the really big snowstorms – 12” on up – and it works particularly well at the end of the driveway after the snowplow goes through and dumps this heavy, salt-saturated, chunky mess that drives even the toughest of dudes to weep. our neighbor really does appreciate the help as his little pup of a snowblower, in comparison, just can’t handle that kind of job. on the other hand, we usually only get the really big snowstorms once or twice a year so hauling out the big dog for much lesser amounts seems overkill. more often than not, when the snowfall is relatively light, say up to 6”, we’re out there hand shoveling while our neighbor is quickly dispensing with snow removal using his single stage murray. key factors in determining what type snowthrower to buy are the amount of snow your area averages in a season and the type of snow. if you get a lot of snow that’s light and fluffy or with very little moisture, then the single stage is perfect for you. there are electric snow blowers and the traditional gas powered variety. both types are relatively lightweight and don’t require a lot of storage space. for ease of storage, some even have foldable handles and can be hung on the wall. single stage is also a great choice if the area you have to clear is not that large such as the walk in front of your house and a fairly short driveway. if you get a lot of back-breaking, heavy, wet snow, or have a large area to clear, then i’d go with the two stage. it can handle the worst that old ma nature throws at you. the downfalls of the double stage is that it is a big machine and requires a lot of storage space so make sure you have a garage to put it in. it’s also heavy and needs a fair amount of room for maneuverability so it’s not a good choice for small, tight spaces. finally, if you have any physical or medical limitations, store the shovel and buy yourself a snowblower. get a single stage to handle the lesser amounts and ask or hire your neighbor to do the really heavy snowfalls. your family and your body will love you a lot longer! for additional expert advice on which snow thrower is right for you, contact the friendly customer service staff at equipatron.com. do it now while selection is good and before the first snow flies. posted by just me at 5:10 am oct 62010 snowblowers: the best time to buy is now! posted on: oct 6, 2010 - 9:24 pm just me 1 response >> i love fall! the smell of wood smoke in the air; the reds, yellows and browns of the trees; and everything, and i mean everything, associated with football! that being said, and this is going to reveal my glass half empty tendencies, i can’t ignore the fact that old man winter is on the way. all those outdoor chores that are now so pleasant to do are really preparations for the cold, snow, ice and wind of that most dreaded of seasons. ugh. one of those tasks, for sure, is to get the snowblower tuned up and ready to go. up here in wisconsin, it’s not a stretch to think old ma nature could dump a snowstorm on us by late september – early october (as actually happened sept. 25, 1942 – 9” of snow in some places!). but even if the first big snowstorm doesn’t happen until november or december, i want to be prepared. right now i have a snapper brand snow blower made by briggs & stratton. it is a dual stage snowblower that can handle the biggest of snowfalls. my neighbors love me! but i’m seriously looking at a smaller snow thrower to handle snowfalls in the 3-6” range, maybe even an electric snow blower, that my wife would have an easier time operating. under consideration are a 21 or 22” single stage snowthrower. check out all the snow throwers for sale at equipatron.com where the customer service staff will be more than happy to help you with your selection. this is a great time to buy your new snow blower. selection and availability are excellent. what you don’t want to do is wait until the snowstorm is on the way, run down to the home improvement store like every other joe schmoe, only to be told the snowthrower you really want is sold out and has been for weeks. so buy now for peace of mind and be ready when old man winter comes pounding at your door. posted by just me at 5:10 am sep 142010 outboard boat engines- the perfect outboard for hunting and fishing posted on: sep 14, 2010 - 6:22 pm just me no response >> i was talking to a buddy of mine the other day when he mentioned he was looking for a new motor for his jon boat. top priority for him was that the outboard had to be able to navigate the shallow, weedy areas where he likes to go duck hunting and fishing. times being what they are, he didn’t want to spend a lot of money but still expected a good buy. he was also hoping to find an outboard that was a bit more environmentally friendly than the traditional 2-stroke. i suggested he look at the briggs & stratton model 4501, 5hp with camouflage paint – the perfect outboard for hunting and fishing. it’s what i use on our small lake in northern wisconsin. what makes this outboard so nice is that it’s a 4-stroke. believe it or not, there are lakes and waterways out there with a “4-stroke only” rule so that tells you something. there’s no messy mixing of gas and oil so there’s less oily deposits left floating on the water’s surface. there’s less smoke and less pollution. a cleaner running engine though means you’ll have to give up some speed and acceleration but for a small fishing boat, probably not that big of a deal. there is some concern that this type of outboard is a bit more complex than the traditional 2-stroke and that spare parts are hard to find. fear not. briggs & stratton has an extensive, nationwide parts and service network to assist you if anything should go wrong. check out the briggs & stratton model 4501 at equipatron.com for extremely competitive pricing and a super friendly and helpful customer service staff. you won’t be disappointed! posted by just me at 5:10 am sep 32010 portable vs. standby generators posted on: sep 3, 2010 - 3:28 pm just me no response >> the most common generators out there are portable generators. we bought a medium-sized, wacker 5,600 watt portable generator for our cabin in the northwoods of wisconsin where we seem to have more than our fair share of power outages. the generator wasn’t that expensive for a model with a commercial grade honda engine and when it’s not in use, is stored out of the way in a corner of our garage. we did have the electrician wire the house to accommodate the generator which wasn’t really necessary but the electrician was coming anyway so we thought, why not. we decided instead of using multiple power cords to hook up our appliances, we would use a manual transfer switch. we also had an outdoor receptacle specifically installed for the generator. so now when we need to use it, we haul it out of the garage, fuel it up, plug it in, pull the cord, and flip a switch on the circuit breaker panel to move the power over to a separate panel which has breakers for the refrigerator, wood pellet stove, microwave and a couple overhead lights – a load our generator can easily handle. we don’t have a wheel kit so the hauling of this 180+ pound generator out of the garage part can prove tricky for my wife (i highly recommend a wheeled model or wheel kit accessory so anybody can easily move the generator around!). that, in a nutshell, is pretty much what it is to own a portable generator. it takes just a little bit of effort to switch over to generator power but it meets the needs for the vast majority of us who only need it occasionally and for a relatively short period of time – all at an affordable price. on a final note, a big benefit of having a portable generator is the flexibility it provides. you can easily move your portable generator – electrical power source – around to remote locations or any jobsite as you need it. standby generators, on the other hand, are permanently installed units that run on natural gas, propane or even diesel. they are hardwired into your home’s electrical system and automatically turn on and off without anyone lifting a finger. you can purchase large units that run your whole house or smaller ones that run only selected items. large, medium or small standby units though are considerably more expensive than most portables and require an electrician for installation. what is really nice is that standby generators create a total turnkey solution to your emergency power needs. when would i seriously consider a standby generator? if i had a home in an area prone to severe weather, like the hurricane belt; if access to my home was remote or difficult – even on a good weather day; if my home was off the grid and relied solely on solar or wind energy – just in case the weather doesn’t cooperate; if i managed a business where the loss of electricity would be devastating – such as computers that must be kept operational, refrigerators that must be kept running for sensitive medical supplies or jobs that are extremely time sensitive and a loss of production would severely impact the bottom line. these are just a few examples; there are so many other scenarios where a standby generator would be the ideal hassle-free solution to help you avoid a loss of power due to weather or a black-out. a good choice for a very dependable standby generator is briggs & stratton. numerous websites are available to help you figure out which unit is right for your needs. one i like is consumerreports.org and their wattage calculator. you select the electricals you’d like to power, it calculates the total wattage needed and gives you a list of generator recommendations. and then there are the customer service guys at equipatron.com who will talk to you personally and help you in your decision-making process. there’s nothing like talking to a real, live human being! posted by just me at 5:10 am aug 192010 how to select a generator posted on: aug 19, 2010 - 3:41 pm just me no response >> so, you’ve decided to buy a generator. but, which one? you’ve talked to friends and done a bit of research online and are suddenly finding the task rather daunting what with the complicated terminology and dizzying array of choices. before you even hop online or talk to a professional though, it helps to sit down and determine what your needs are so you can narrow down your choices significantly. first, where do you want to use it? there are small and medium sized portable generators that go where you go and where electricity is needed but unavailable. this category includes recreational use and jobsite needs. recreational use includes rv’s, camping, tailgating, hunting and fishing – wherever you think a little bit of juice might come in handy. if you’re in a campground, small inverter generators are super quiet and like fences, make good neighbors. a portable generator on the jobsite makes perfect sense as those nail guns, electric drills and power saws need at least a temporary electric source. or, do you need a generator for home or office use to run essential appliances and equipment during power outages due to weather or high demand blackouts. generators for this can be either portable or permanently installed standby units. some of the top brands to consider include: briggs & stratton, wacker neuson, subaru, honeywell, mi-t-m, vox and powerboss. second, what do you want to power? the more stuff you want to run, the greater your power needs. for the serious, and even not so serious, rver, keeping those batteries charged means all the electricals are in full usage all the time. for the jobsite, it’s tools and other work equipment. at home and the office, it gets more complicated as there’s so much stuff on a much larger scale so things may have to be prioritized. all lights versus some lights, microwave and/or stove. refrigerator and/or freezer. one, two, three tvs. stereo equipment. whole house ac or window-type. heat. sump pump. computer equipment. telephone. essential medical equipment. all of the aforementioned have differing wattage/electricity requirements and the size of the generator will be determined by what you want it to run. appliance manuals should be checked for wattage needs and there are many online charts which can be consulted for general appliance wattage requirements. finally, frequency of usage. do you have weather-related power outages that last days, weeks or even months and where not having electricity for long periods can be really inconvenient? a larger, more powerful unit might be called for. do you have power outages that are relatively short-lived but happen often enough that work or other equipment is disrupted and there are concerns for lost productivity and/or safety? a small to medium sized portable might be all you need. or, maybe you’re in a rather remote location and a back-up system would be nice just in case the sun don’t shine, the propane tank goes empty, or the woodpile gets buried under a ton of snow (you never know!). a portable or a standby unit would be extra nice especially if it’s really cold (or hot) out there! now that you’ve determined what it is you want your generator to do for you, contact the professionals at equipatron.com. they are happy to assist you with any and all questions about generators and any of your other power equipment needs. happy hunting! posted by just me at 5:10 am jul 222010 generator safety posted on: jul 22, 2010 - 6:49 pm just me no response >> an electric generator. hmm. sounds like a machine that runs on electricity similar to, say, an electric power washer or even an electric lawnmower. but it’s not. a more accurate term would be an “electricity generator” because that is what it does. it is a machine that uses fuel such as gas, diesel or propane, to generate/create electricity which can then be used to run essential appliances during power outages. because the operation of the generator involves both fuel and electricity, risks and dangers revolve around both those issues. first and foremost, make sure you read your owners operating manual and safety instructions that come with the generator to familiarize yourself with your specific unit. always think safety first and be aware of carbon monoxide poisoning when locating your generator. carbon monoxide comes from exhaust fumes, and like a car, if a generator is used in a confined space, or even right outside a window, colorless and odorless fumes can build up in a house and cause extreme illness and even death. never use your generator inside the house, garage, crawlspace, shed or similar area even if fans, open doors and windows are thought to provide enough ventilation. keep the generator located a good distance from the house and to be doubly sure, install battery-operated co alarms. also, refuel the generator only when it’s cool. spilled gas on a hot machine can ignite and harm not only the machine but the operator. on the electricity side, there are a number of essential things to remember. never attach a generator directly to the electrical system via the wiring of the building unless a qualified electrician has properly installed the generator with a transfer switch. without this transfer switch, the generator can “back-feed” onto the power lines connected to your house and utility transformers can then “step-up” or increase this back-feed into thousands of volts – enough to kill a utility lineman making repairs – and can damage utility equipment and your generator. never plug a portable generator into a household outlet as this can energize dead power lines injuring neighbors and utility workers. plug appliances directly into the generator using extension cords provided by the manufacturer or properly grounded, three-pronged outdoor-rated extension cords. also, protect your generator with a canopy during wet conditions and keep the area dry. this is electricity people and electricity and water do not mix! electric generators can be a godsend but you have to be aware of the potential dangers and pitfalls before purchasing one. you don’t want to make a bad situation, such as the aftermath of a hurricane, even worse by endangering your family and others due to improper generator installation and use. check out equipatron.com and chat with their friendly customer service staff for a complete rundown of safety issues and help with selecting the generator that is right for you. posted by just me at 5:10 am jul 132010 why buy a generator? posted on: jul 13, 2010 - 8:15 pm just me no response >> why indeed? after all, up until fairly recently, the 1930’s to be exact, vast swaths of this country were still without electricity and they managed to survive just fine. but in the 21st century, life without electricity can be brutal. we have stuff, and lots of it, to make our lives more comfortable and safe and a few days without that stuff, can truly make us miserable. what kind of stuff am i talking about? air conditioning, refrigeration, heat, communication devices, medical equipment, kitchen appliances, hot water and entertainment systems to name a few. all of these need electricity and a disruption in electrical service means a major disruption in the conduct of our lives. we have grown to depend on electricity but it turns out that electrical service is notoriously fickle. hurricanes, tornadoes, ice storms, blizzards, and just plain old power grid breakdowns have all knocked out power for days, weeks and even months. when the power goes out for extended periods of time, all the aforementioned “stuff” is out of commission. that means, when it’s really hot, no fans or a/c and no refrigerator. if it’s a weather disaster, no tv or radio for updates, no computer, and no working outlets for crucial medical equipment. if it’s winter, no heat and frozen pipes if it’s an electric heat pump. and worst of all, no dvd player or video games to keep the kids occupied. and that’s why you buy a generator – for power outage preparedness. a generator supplies electricity to essential items when the power is disrupted, for whatever reason, and provides a cocoon of normalcy during chaotic times. it’s like an insurance policy. you hope you don’t need it but when you do, you’re sure happy you had the foresight to purchase one. for more information about selecting the right generator, checkout the folks at equipatron.com or give them a call. they provide the kind of expertise that can help you determine the best generator to meet your needs. posted by just me at 5:10 am jul 62010 equipatron – meet your machine posted on: jul 6, 2010 - 1:50 pm just me no response >> are you an online shopper who’s frustrated with mass retailers that sell everything, but know nothing about the products they offer? do you love the convenience of shopping online, but want the personal attention of a product expert when needed? then equipatron could be the online store for you. the new online power equipment business launched this april and plays match-maker between people and machines. the two owners of the milwaukee-based company, peter liesch and scott alderton have over 30 years of combined experience in consumer tools and power equipment. “it’s tough to get meaningful help selecting the right power equipment at a mass retail store much less on one of their websites, so we knew there was a big opportunity to add value to the online purchase and deliver a dealer-like shopping experience,” said liesch. “unlike most mass retailers and large manufacturers these days we actually encourage customers to call us. we’re essentially product match-makers, so the more integrated we become in the shopping process the more satisfied the customer will be with her or his purchase which is great for them, good for us the retailer and good for the manufacturer,” he added. for the uninitiated, the name is a combination of “equipment” as in power equipment and “tron” a technology-related suffix. “equipatron is a service brand,” explains alderton. “our foundation is exceptional customer service powered by equipment expertise and technology. our equipment expertise drives our product selection and merchandising and technology enables our interactions with the customer before, during and after the purchase as well as managing the details of the business at low cost. when people and machines hit it off, it’s a beautiful thing,” alderton added. according to alderton, equipatron’s customer base ranges from the novice buying their first mower or pressure washer to seasoned do-it-yourselfers and contractors who want to know who they are doing business with on the other end of the keyboard. “one segment i think we have really struck a chord with is women who are doing more and more outdoor projects around the home and want help selecting the right equipment and tools. you have to consider the primary person using the equipment as well as the projects to make the match, not just one or the other,” said alderton. a high percentage of equipatron’s sales to date have been driven by recommendations from other customers, stated liesch. “our customers tell us that they really appreciate how easy the site is to use, but most importantly they like the fact that when they call with a question we pick up the phone and help them out. we’ve even set people up with other online retailers we trust in cases where we did not offer a particular item that was best suited for their needs…whatever it takes,” liesch added. posted by just me at 5:10 am blog other blog posts snow blower buying tips snowblowers: the best time to buy is now! outboard boat engines- the perfect outboard for hunting and fishing portable vs. standby generators how to select a generator archives november 2010 october 2010 september 2010 august 2010 july 2010 press releases recent press releases archives email deals weekly sales, specials and exclusives equipatron will not sell, trade, share or rent your email address. company about us careers government blog secure shopping privacy policy return policy order security terms & conditions sitemap my account order status order payments shipping & delivery help buyer's guide help/info contact us buy online or call: 1-800-780-9141 copyright © equipatron. all rights reserved.