来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20111211202429/http://www.equipatron.com/blog/
================================================================================

equipatron blog - from 30 years experience on home, lawn and garden equipment. we detected that your javascript seem to be disabled. you must have javascript enabled in your browser to utilize the functionality of this website. 1-866.223.3939 login | my cart (0) category navigation: shop by category generatorsstandby generatorspressure washersheaterspumpsair compressorstrimmersenginesjobsite boxeswalk-behind mowersride mowersblowerschain sawslog splittersprofessional equipmentaccessoriesoutboard motorssnow blowersice augersice fishing sheltersfish findersgrillstillerswater sportschipper shreddersearth augersmaterial handlingscrubberssweepersfloor machinescarpet extractorsair blowerssteamersdehumidifiersrefrigeratorswine coolersbeer keg coolersice makersmicrowavesair conditionersbreakersdrillshammerssawsvacuumsfishing reelsstump grinders shop by brand ap outdoorsariensbriggs & strattonbrutecampbell hausfeldchar-broilcolemanearthquakeeskimofrabillgorman-ruppgreat danehoneywellhondaht enterpriseshumminbirdjiffykarchermantismarcummi-t-mmk diamondmurrayotterparsunpoulanpoulan propow' r 'kraftpowerbossrave sportsrolairshappellsnappersnow joestrikemastersubarusun joevexilarvoxwacker neusonweed eaterworxwescotanakakohlertroy-biltbayoudanbygenerac shop by specials welcome to equipatron blog nov 252011 ariens company – proud us manufacturer posted on: nov 25, 2011 - 5:19 pm just george no response >> equipatron.com sells lots of different things. behind all the items we carry is a proud tradition of manufacturing that not only makes the products but through innovation and technology has come up with countless ways to make them more efficiently and environmentally friendly. this is the second in a series of occasional articles exploring the manufacturers that produce the products we carry. ariens company for an awful lot of people, manufacturing is pretty boring stuff. start talking about production, labor, supply chain, etc., to a lay person and just watch the eyes glaze over. we love our stuff but couldn’t give two hoots about how it came to be sitting on the store shelf! but the men and women who created the companies that made our country an industrial giant were just as ambitious, innovative and entrepreneurial in their time as today’s tech industry gurus. take the ariens company. henry ariens and his wife, christine, settled in brillion, wisconsin in 1893. there they proceeded to set up an iron foundry in the garage behind their house where they began to produce small farm equipment. it sounds so achingly mundane that it would be so easy to just pass over that statement and say, yeah, whatever. but if you really think about it, that’s a pretty risky and bold move. here is this relatively young couple, new to this small, midwestern town, and whether through sheer desperation, pure pluck or calculated risk, went into business forming molten metal in their garage!  that scary, little operation eventually became the brillion iron works and while no longer affiliated with the ariens family having been sold in 1969, is still in operation today employing upwards of 1000 people. companies are formed and dissolved every day. some last for many years, others are dead within months. but for a family company to be in existence for longer than a single generation is truly a remarkable feat considering the vagaries of the business world. the true test of a company is how it handles these challenging situations. for us manufacturers in the early 20th century, that difficult time was the 1929 wall street crash and the great depression. for the ariens family, the brillion iron works went bankrupt. to keep the business going, the family split the company into two entities – the brillion iron works and the ariens company. the ariens company concentrated on their new invention, a walk behind, engine powered rototiller for farm and commercial use, in addition to its other farm equipment offerings. the brillion iron works focused on recovering and exiting from bankruptcy. in the late 1930’s and 1940’s, both companies supported the war effort and switched to the production of tools and equipment for military use. after the war, the ariens company again saw the need to change the company focus. when the returning troops and their families settled into newly built homes and subdivisions, ariens recognized a growing consumer demand for lawn and yard care equipment. gradually they shifted their focus away from agricultural equipment to concentrate on this consumer market. by 1950 they produced their first products marketed to homeowners – the jet tiller and the imperial riding mower. ariens’ popular sno-thro, a self-propelled snow thrower, was introduced in 1960 – one of the first snow blowers marketed to homeowners. today, ariens offers  snow blowers and throwers in a range of sizes to meet consumer needs. the same is true for their lawn care equipment which includes walk-behind mowers, riding mowers, zero-turn mowers and other lawn care equipment for both the consumer and commercial markets. expansion of the product line has been further enhanced through acquisitions such as gravely and the stens corporation. henry and christine ariens had a vision, back in 1893, to start a company, provide for their family and prosper in an era when anything seemed possible. that legacy of hard work, business savvy and entrepreneurial spirit continues today with the fourth generation that now runs the company. while manufacturing in the us has been pummeled by cheap chinese imports, labor costs and other issues, it is a testament to the ariens family that they continue to thrive in the tradition of proud us manufacturer. info for this article obtained from http://www.fundinguniverse.com/company-histories/ariens-company-company-history.html. posted by just george at 5:10 am oct 182011 winterizing outdoor power equipment posted on: oct 18, 2011 - 9:51 pm just george no response >> brrr. it’s starting to get cold out there! the last of the raking is finished, the lawn has been mowed for the last time and any pressure washing that needed to be completed is now done. time to get that expensive outdoor power equipment winterized so it’s good to go, on the first pull, in the spring. while winterizing would seem to imply that it’s limited to more northern climes with snow and below freezing temperatures, any gas powered equipment that is expected to sit idle for more than 30 days needs extra care – lawn mowers, snow blowers, pressure washers, portable generators, etc. it’s not the cold but old gas that’s the problem. gasoline’s volatile components evaporate over time decreasing its ability to burn effectively in your gas engine. plus, when hydrocarbons in gas react with oxygen, called oxidation, the chemical composition of the gas changes. this leads to gum and varnish deposits in the fuel system – a time consuming cleaning process best left to the professionals. there are differing schools of thought about how to deal with the gas in outdoor power equipment at the end of the season. one is to run the machine until the gas is completely used up. if you plan to store the gas-powered equipment in your basement, this is the preferred method as storing any gas in your living space is a bad idea. for unheated garage and shed storage, the problem with this method is that condensation can form in the empty gas tank and the resultant water in the tank could end in poor engine performance and/or rusty lines and tanks which can lead to expensive engine and gas-line failure. the preferred method, according to peter sawchuk of consumer reports, is to have a close to full tank of gas and to add a fuel stabilizer like sta-bil. this will prevent the aforementioned oxidation and lead to a smooth starting engine in the spring. once you add the stabilizer, run the motor 5-10 minutes to make sure it reaches the carburetor. next spring, continue to add stabilizer every time you refill to keep that engine running smooth. the following list rounds out sawchuk’s recommendations for the minimum amount of tasks required to keep your mower in good shape over the long haul: - change the oil. - charge the battery and recharge periodically through the down season. unlike a car battery, a battery that works with a lawn mower or snow blower is not automatically recharged as the machine runs. - scrape the lawn mower’s undercarriage. fuel stabilizer should also be added to your gas pressure washer engine at the end of the season but additional steps need to be taken to deal with hoses and tanks to insure that any water remaining is removed or properly treated. a quick method for pressure washers that will be stored in spaces or climates that don’t reach below freezing temperatures is as follows: - disconnect all water connections. - make sure the pressure hose is not kinked and turn on the machine for a few seconds until any water remaining in the pump is expelled. turn off immediately. - when storing, keep machine away from the furnace or other heat source to prevent seals from drying out. the preferred winterizing procedure for cold climates and unheated storage involves an antifreeze solution: - flush pump and chemical injector with fresh water. - turn off power supply and squeeze trigger gun to relieve any pressure in the line. - disconnect inlet and discharge plumbing. - connect a 3-4 foot hose to the inlet of the pump and place the other end of the hose into a bucket with a 50% water, 50% antifreeze mix. use environmentally friendly antifreeze such as rv antifreeze. - start the motor and run unit until antifreeze flows out the discharge. - turn off unit, disconnect hoses and store. to make the winterizing process even easier, products such as briggs & stratton’s pumpsaver or karcher’s pump guard for pressure washers contain antifreeze and lubricants to protect your equipment all winter long. as with all engine care, it is highly recommended that the owner’s manual be consulted for additional info and best practices and procedures for your particular piece of equipment. as you can see, all it takes is a little tlc to keep your outdoor power equipment in top shape – that and a bit of elbow grease. for additional info, the friendly customer service personnel at equipatron.com are happy to take your call. posted by just george at 5:10 am sep 272011 fall clean-up essentials posted on: sep 27, 2011 - 4:21 pm just george no response >> here it is, fall again – my favorite season! let’s see, there’s pop warner football, high school football, college football, professional football, and i’ll even play a game or two of flag football (and have the sore muscles to show for it!). there isn’t much that gets between me and my enjoyment of the game! that’s why, when it comes to fall chores, i’ve streamlined them to do only what is absolutely necessary. the rest can wait until spring. leaf removal if you like your lawn nice and green and healthy, you must remove the majority of leaves that accumulate in the fall. a heavy layer of leaves is like a blanket that covers your grass and prevents the cool temperatures, essential sunlight, moisture and fertilizer from helping your lawn heal after a long, hot summer. if you don’t have a lot of leaves, a mulching mower may be all you need.  as i have quite a few maples trees, a rake is my weapon of choice. raking though is a strenuous activity and leaves, especially if they’re wet, can get heavy. if you have any physical limitations that keep you from a vigorous workout but you’d still like to get outside and take care of your yard, then i’d get a blower/sweeper.  fairly lightweight ones, like those from worx, can be an electric plug-in or have a battery such as the popular lithium ion. there are also gas powered blowers which can be a bit heavier but many have convenient harnesses that put the weight of the machine on your back with only the hose having to be carried in the hand. speaking of leaf removal, pulling out the ladder, or hiring someone, to clean the gutters is a good idea. clogged gutters can contribute to the formation of ice dams so an hour spent on the ladder can potentially save you hundred of dollars in repair costs for water damage. feed and weed your lawn fall fertilization replaces nutrients that were lost during the summer and encourages root growth for a healthy spring lawn. weeds are also sucking up those nutrients so a simultaneous application of an herbicide will kill the weeds before they have a chance to reemerge in the spring.  if you aren’t a football fanatic like me, check out http://www.lawncare.org/fall-lawn-care/ for other suggested fall lawn tasks. trimming, edging and pruning if you trim your spring flowering bushes, i.e. forsythia, spirea, azalea, etc., in the fall, they will not flower in the spring because you will have cut off all the next season’s blooms. best time to trim these bushes is right after they’ve finished blooming for the season but no later than labor day. bushes that flower in the summer though, such as roses and hibiscus, can be trimmed in the fall or winter when the plants are dormant so they can wait until at least some football is finished for the season. edging your driveway and sidewalks is also a good project to get done in the fall. there are a wide variety of edging and trimming tools available to make the work easier. best time to prune trees is in the late fall or winter when leaves are gone. the tree will be dormant and you will have an unobstructed view to see which branches to remove. lawn furniture lawn furniture puts up with a lot of abuse from the elements but the harshest of conditions come in winter with the wind, snow, ice and freezing temperatures. to have your outdoor furniture last as long as possible, store it in a garage, shed or basement.  at the very least, stack it in the most out of the way place you’ve got to give it at least some protection from the elements. as far as cleaning is concerned, i’d just wait until spring unless there’s an ugly, oily spot that should be removed pronto. garden hoses disconnect your garden hoses from the outside spigot, thoroughly drain and store in the garage, shed or basement. an undrained garden hose that’s left outside or in an unheated space over winter will freeze and rupture. also, a hose still attached to the spigot over winter can cause your plumbing pipes to rupture as well. check out the following link for a nice, detailed question and answer regarding just this scenario - http://aces.nmsu.edu/ces/yard/2006/120906.html . my final outside task will be to clean out the vegetable garden to help keep it disease and bug free. the rest, like window washing, can wait until spring.  one project i don’t want to neglect though is the winterization of my lawn mower and other power equipment but that’s a separate posting all by itself. until next time, have fun in the yard from all of us here at equipatron.com! posted by just george at 5:10 am sep 162011 disaster preparedness – an attitude adjustment posted on: sep 16, 2011 - 6:14 pm just george no response >> i have a confession to make. in previous posts, i mentioned that we purchased a generator for our cabin during a time period when there seemed to be a lot of long-lasting power outages. that was something like 9 years ago. once we unpacked the generator and got it set up, murphy’s law immediately took effect and we’ve had absolutely no need to fire up the thing, not even once!  i keep thinking we should sell it as it seems like a huge waste of money and it’s just taking up space. then hurricane irene comes along. let’s face it. new england is not a hurricane prone area – at least not like florida, the carolinas and the gulf states –and so to have such widespread damage and devastation occur from such an unlikely event gives me reason to pause. in light of all the things that have been going on lately – earthquakes on the east coast, wildfires in texas, tornadoes ravaging whole towns in missouri, snowstorms with unprecedented  amounts of accumulation-we should be shaking in our boots but we’re not. and why is that? because that stuff always happens to the other guy. but you know what?  that other guy could be you, or me, at any time. equipatron.com has been inundated with calls from people in areas directly and indirectly affected by hurricane irene. they’re ordering generators. they’ve just been through a huge hurricane that left them without power for days and they’ve found that being totally without electricity is not a pleasant experience. the generator they ordered most likely did not arrive in time to help them in their current situation, but by golly, they plan to have one if and when the next disaster occurs.so now i’m rethinking my attitude toward that lowly behemoth sitting in the garage. i’m thinking, maybe we should move it to our prime address, the place we live the majority of the time, rather than have it sit at our part-time place. i’m thinking about other steps we can take to be prepared in case of an extreme emergency such as how to contact family members if all the cell towers have been knocked out or how to ensure continued access to life-saving medical equipment and prescriptions. fema has a great website – www.ready.gov – that provides disaster preparedness plans, federal, state and local contacts and state-by-state guidelines for emergencies most likely to happen in your particular neck of the woods. check it out. in the end, mom was right – it’s better to be safe than sorry – and while she was probably talking about you wearing those ugly rain boots or lugging around that umbrella, i think she’d extend that adage to the much bigger picture as well! posted by just george at 5:10 am aug 222011 lawn mowers – a cautionary tale posted on: aug 22, 2011 - 9:36 pm just george no response >> even though we’re at the tail end of lawn mowing season, it’s never too late to remind people about lawn mower safety. lawnmowers are such a commonplace, everyday tool that most of us give very little thought to what could go wrong. once or twice a week throughout the growing season, we check the oil, put in some gas/plug it in/what have you, and mind-numbingly walk or ride,  back and forth, back and forth, back and forth to get the chore done. and after a whole season of doing this, it’s almost like we’re on auto-pilot. but it’s at these times, when we’re mowing like zombies and not really paying attention, that things can unexpectedly go wrong. just looking at the mower, you see all kinds of potential hazards. most mowers run on gas. it’s a no-brainer that open flames around gasoline are a no-no. this includes cigarettes, pilot lights, grills and wood stoves. but yet, accidents, like a man spilling gas while refilling his lawn mower and somehow starting his pants on fire, actually happen. even refueling while the engine is hot has the potential to ignite so wait to refuel when the engine is cool. a related hazard is the filling of your gas containers on a plastic surface such as a truck liner or the carpeted trunk of a car. fires can spontaneously ignite due to the buildup of static electricity that is prevented from grounding by the insulating effect of the truck bed liner or carpet. place the gas container on the ground and away from the vehicle where the static electricity can be safely discharged. then there’s the mower blades themselves. most newer mowers have safety devices that turn the mower off when the handle is released.  that’s a good thing as the incidences of amputated hands, fingers and toes have decreased dramatically since this important safety implementation. but yet, situations occur such as jammed blades, slippery slopes, and non-existent or disconnected safety devices and the next thing you know, you’re missing a couple fingers or toes. it happens. even jabbing a stick into the undercarriage to dislodge an object is dangerous as the blade can suddenly start moving sending the stick flying in any direction. mower blades, which can spin at rates of  up to 200mph, can also launch rocks and other unseen debris so keep the kids and pets out of the mowing area. moral of the story – mower blades very dangerous. approach with extreme caution and wear close-toed shoes! speaking of kids, they represent a sizable percentage of lawnmower-related injuries considering most mowing is done by adults! little johnnie or susie runs outside while mom or dad are mowing – a non-threatening activity they see their parents do at least once a week-  the parent doesn’t see them, can’t hear them over the mower noise, and the next thing you know, they’re being run over, hit by debris, or tripping and falling to get out of the way!  to the parent, be vigilant at all times and educate your kids about keeping out of an area where mowing is going on. when kids are old enough to mow – the american academy of pediatrics recommends age 12 for push mowers and age 16 for riding – educate them as to all the potential hazards and safety issues. finally, riding lawn mowers have their own set of safety issues. first, riding lawn mowers are serious pieces of equipment. they are meant for one rider and one rider only so children should not be taken along as passengers. one bump over rough terrain could send the child flying into the dirt or worse. second, learn the proper way to mow particularly on slopes. there is a tip-over risk while mowing back and forth horizontally if the slope is too steep. on the other hand, there is a risk of losing traction and sliding down backwards or toppling over while trying to mow up and down vertically on a too steep grade. consult your owner’s manual for best practices. as with all power equipment, read your owner’s manual thoroughly. not only does it give you a complete rundown of all safety issues, it provides maintenance guidelines to keep your machine running in tiptop shape. consult with the experts at equipatron.com for any and all questions about push mowers, riding tractors and zero-turn mowers.  happy mowing! posted by just george at 5:10 am jun 172011 zero turn mower – fast, efficient & versatile posted on: jun 17, 2011 - 3:14 pm just george no response >> for most of us, a push mower is all we need to cut the grass. why? because we have small yards and using a riding lawn mower to cut the grass would just be silly! but, if you have a large yard and you’re using a push mower, well, that means either currently it’s not in your budget or you’re a very energetic, young dude or dudette and love the exercise. good for you! there may come a time though when your finances have improved or the sheer drudgery of the job has set in and you just want to get it over with as quickly as possible. that’s when you start looking at riding lawn mowers and one model that should definitely be on the table is a zero turn mower. zero turn mowers are not new. they’ve been around for years, indispensable pieces of equipment for landscape professionals, parks departments, golf courses, etc. what has changed is the affordability factor. due to changes in technology, prices have dropped bringing these mowers within reach of the average homeowner. it used to be that the only affordable option available for consumers with large yards was a lawn tractor. these are perfectly fine especially if the idea that you and your little tractor are filling some deep-seated need to be one with your agrarian ancestors. but if you want efficiency, speed and maneuverability with your lawn cutting, then a zero turn mower can’t be beat. what exactly is a zero-turn mower? i call the following the dots vs donuts explanation. a lawn tractor has a 15-18″ turning radius so if you turned the wheels as far as they go and did a complete circle, there would be an uncut patch of grass in the middle – a donut. if you attempted to do a circle with a zero-turn radius mower, you would end up with a dot – no uncut grass in the middle as a zero-turn mower can do a complete 360 degree turn within its own footprint. how does this translate into more efficient grass cutting? with a lawn tractor, when you turn at the end of the mowing row, you have to do a little bit of time-consuming back and forth maneuvering to cut the uncut patch. no maneuvering for the zero-turn and more time sitting on the patio, drink in hand! what other advantages are there to owning a zero turn mower? it cuts faster than a lawn tractor. top speeds of a lawn tractor are 3-4 mph while a zero-turn mowers run at speeds of 5-8 mph. that’s a huge difference when you’re cutting an acre or two. maneuverability is another plus. watch the workers mow the grass at the park. they literally do circles around trees, shrubs, flower beds, what have you. no backing up, no cutting in, just constant motion and very little trimming afterwards. if you prefer to stand rather than sit, zero turn stand-on models are also available. finally, many zero turn mowers, like the ariens complete line, now offer attachments such as aerators, rollers, dump trucks and dethatchers offering you versatility and a complete, diy, professional landscaping job. check out the zero turn mowers available at equipatron.com. the customer service people are there to assist you with any and all questions about this remarkable technology. posted by just george at 5:10 am may 162011 gorman rupp pumps – amt, ipt, ots? huh? posted on: may 16, 2011 - 3:03 pm just george no response >> the gorman rupp company = pumps. founded in 1933 by two industrious engineers in a barn near mansfield, ohio, their first product line was pumps. today their product line is still pumps only on a much larger, worldwide scale. gorman rupp is a huge company that manufactures over 4000 models of pumps for a wide range of applications – municipal, industrial, petrochemical, agriculture, flood control – you name it, they have a pump for it. some of the pumps have always been manufactured by gorman rupp and others became part of the gorman rupp line-up via company acquisitions. these acquisitions are the key to deciphering some of the acronyms in the gorman rupp product line-up. if you’re looking at a ready to ship industrial/commercial/consumer grade gorman rupp pump, the following may provide some insight into understanding the product codes. amt- american machine & tool co., inc., royersford, pa was purchased by gorman rupp in 2002. this subsidiary manufactures pumps for many different applications including industrial, commercial and consumer. pumps include self-priming, electric and engine-driven, trash, submersible and sump pumps. ipt- the international pump technology company was purchased by gorman rupp in the 1980’s. ipt by gorman rupp pumps include general purpose portable pumps including self-priming, heavy duty portable trash pumps, portable high pressure pumps and portable diaphragm pumps. ots - stands for “off the shelf” – a program started by gorman rupp for pumps that are readily available, generally shipped within 24 hours. for more detailed information about gorman rupp pumps, check with the experts at equipatron.com. they are more than happy to assist you with all your questions and concerns. posted by just george at 5:10 am may 162011 who makes all this stuff!?! posted on: may 16, 2011 - 2:46 pm just george no response >> equipatron.com sells stuff, lots of stuff. behind all that stuff is a proud tradition of manufacturing that not only makes the stuff but through innovation and hard work has come up with countless ways of simplifying the tasks that make up our daily lives. they’ve also made great strides in manufacturing all that stuff more efficiently and environmentally friendly. this is the first in a series of articles exploring the companies that design, engineer and manufacture all our stuff. the karcher company aldred karcher gmbh & co kg is a family-owned, german business based near stuttgart. it is one of the world’s largest manufacturers of cleaning systems. throughout its more than 75 year history, the karcher family has utilized a combination of engineering and technical prowess and savvy business sense to allow the company to not only survive and thrive but emerge as an industry leader in the 21st century. alfred karcher was 23 years old when he received his master’s degree in engineering from stuttgart technical university in 1924. upon graduation he joined his father’s sales agency and fairly quickly transformed that agency into an engineering firm. there the seeds to the cleaning systems technology the company is known for today were sown when some of his first engineering projects revolved around industrial laundering, water purification and boilers. eventually though, his focus shifted almost entirely to heating systems. this interest resulted in a contract with the german airline, lufthansa, to develop a device for warming airplane motors in winter. a year later, in 1935, the company was incorporated. the company’s first big success was the karcher salt-bath furnace which is a hardening furnace for alloys. recognizing the salt-bath furnace’s limited development potential, he sold the patent, moved the company to its present location at winnenden, and decided to concentrate solely on the hot air heating systems. from the 1930’s until the end of wwii, the main focus of the alfred karcher company was the development and manufacture of aircraft engine and cabin heaters, aircraft de-icers and other related products. post wwii the german economy was in a shambles. while the karcher company continued to produce heating systems – both hot and steam – it also saw a need for basic living necessities that were in high demand at the time. metal scrounged from artillery shells, spare parts and scrap sheet metal was refashioned into refugee stoves and small ovens. additionally, karcher produced hand carts and vehicle pulled trailers that were critical to the movement of millions of postwar displaced families. also during that period, the us military forces contracted with the alfred karcher company to service and repair steam cleaners. karcher went above and beyond that contract, reworked the entire steam cleaner technology and patented his own hot water high pressure cleaner in 1950. while it wasn’t an immediate success, karcher recognized the potential in steam cleaning technology and continued with research and development into this largely untapped market. unfortunately, before the new technology took off, alfred karcher died of a massive heart attack in 1959. interestingly, his wife irene, with no business experience, took over the reins and guided the company to its present state. in 1974, it was she who decided to move the business away from the production of steam generators and focus almost exclusively on industrial high pressure cleaners. the 1980’s saw a total embrace of cleaning technologies as a business strategy and in 1984, karcher introduced the world’s first portable pressure washer for home use. today, while best known for its pressure washers, the karcher company’s list of products includes vacuums, steam cleaners, sweepers, scrubber-driers, vehicle washers, industrial cleaning equipment, accessories and cleaning agents. it also produces equipment for the cleaning and treatment of waste and drinking water and decontamination equipment for the military. it is a huge, international business with over 5000 employees in 32 foreign subsidiaries. recently, it has made a name for itself by donating expertise, equipment and manpower to the cleaning of national monuments worldwide including mount rushmore in south dakota and the christ the redeemer statue that overlooks rio de janeiro. and, it is still a family run business headed by alfred and irene karcher’s children – johannes and suzanne – who keep the vision alive and well. posted by just george at 5:10 am apr 192011 spring cleaning with your pressure washer posted on: apr 19, 2011 - 8:52 pm just george no response >> using a gas pressure washer or an electric pressure washer to do your outdoor spring cleaning makes the job so easy.  direct pressurized water at the salt, mud and grime that have accumulated through the winter and pretty much, voila! – it’s gone! it sure beats pulling out a bucket and scrub brush which is not only time consuming but physically demanding. obviously, precautions must be taken for personal, operational and machine safety, but once you have thoroughly read your owner’s manual and understand the properties of your pressure washer, the cleaning possibilities are almost endless. what sorts of outdoor cleaning tasks can be performed with pressure washers? well, starting in the garage there is: 1) garden equipment – tillers, shovels, hoes, pitch forks and any other equipment used for digging in the dirt. 2) bicycles and sports equipment. 3) garbage cans. 4) lawn mowers - underneath and on top. there are differing opinions as to whether or not you should use a pressure washer to clean a lawn mower engine. some say absolutely not. others, like my buddy at the local co-op, say sure as long as you use a lighter spray and don’t aim the nozzle directly into any openings such as the exhaust. and then there’s the briggs & stratton “outdoor cleaning with pressure washers” manual. they suggest disconnecting the spark plug lead before cleaning and when the mower is thoroughly dry, reconnecting the lead and spraying wd-40 or silicone on exposed metal surfaces to prevent rust and corrosion. there you have it, three options. outside the garage, you can use your pressure washer to clean the car, truck, rv, boat, atv and dirt bike. again, be careful cleaning engine areas. consult the pressure washer manual for tips and best practices. once you’ve finished all the vehicles, turn the hose on the driveway itself to wash away all that crud. moving into the backyard, there are sidewalks, patios, decks, pools, and outdoor spas. also, lawn furniture, cutesy lawn figurines, bird baths, grills, trellises, flower pots and indoor/outdoor carpeting. all kinds of fencing – wood, vinyl, chain link, wrought iron. finally, the house itself. vinyl and aluminum siding, brick, stucco, wood. soffits, fascia and gutters. when used correctly, pressure washers make great, non-toxic paint strippers. what should not be subjected to the power of a pressure washer? windows and doors. windows can break and water can seep in around window and door openings. gas pressure washers and electric pressure washers are great tools. they make cleaning up the yard almost fun! for extra tough jobs, try using special detergents, formulated specifically for pressure washers, paired with a scrub brush for a more thorough cleaning. with all machinery, caution should be exercised. a pressure washer can inflict great harm to persons and property in a fraction of a second. following are just a few safety and cleaning tips to consider. 1) wear safety glasses, closed toe shoes and gloves to protect yourself from the force of the pressure washer spray. 2) do not aim the nozzle at any living thing – human, plant or animal. 3) keep the machine on a stable surface with adequate drainage. 4) steer clear of electrical lines, junction boxes, telephone lines, etc. 5) if using an electric pressure washer, inspect the power cords. a damaged cord immersed in water is an “electrifying” experience waiting to happen. 6) do not use a pressure washer on a ladder, ledge or scaffolding. the force of the spray can easily cause you to lose your balance. 7) keep your work area free of obstructions to prevent tripping and slipping on wet surfaces. finally, understand the properties of the project to be cleaned. wood is soft and can be easily gouged by a nozzle held too close. brick and mortar are soft and porous and need special care. the metal on a vehicle can be dented. for any cleaning project, start with a wide spray pattern with the nozzle 4-5 feet from the surface gradually moving closer to achieve the desired effect. keep the nozzle in motion. and pay attention. contact the friendly and ever-so-helpful guys at equipatron.com for any and all questions about the right pressure washer for your needs. happy spring cleaning! posted by just george at 5:10 am mar 92011 pressure washers: outdoor cleaning made easy posted on: mar 9, 2011 - 10:42 pm just george no response >> so, you’ve heard people talking about their pressure washers and you’re thinking, that’s pretty cool.  i should get me one of those! but what exactly is a pressure washer? a pressure washer uses pressurized water for outdoor cleaning applications.  it’s somewhat similar to putting a spray nozzle at the end of a garden hose only the force of the water from a pressure washer is increased exponentially.  the use of a pressure washer will require water supplied via a garden hose with one end attached to an outdoor water faucet and the other end attached to the machine, and a power source – gas or electricity.  when you turn on both the water and the machine, the water moves into a separate tank and air from a second tank forces the water out through the attached high-pressure hose.  this high pressure hose, equipped with a trigger nozzle, is used to direct the pressurized water at the intended target.  the force of this pressurized water does a fantastic job of quickly and efficiently cleaning off outdoor dirt, dust and grime that accumulates over time.  it definitely beats hand scrubbing with a bucket of soapy water! electric vs. gas pressure washers as with all power equipment, the most important step to choosing the right tool is to determine the intended use of the equipment.  is the pressure washer for light cleaning such as washing cars and lawn furniture or more heavy duty work such as paint stripping and stain removal?  what is the frequency of use -every day? once or twice a month? once a year? is electricity available where you intend to use the washer? what are the long term possibilities, in other words, consider future needs and not just what works for the immediate job. consumer grade electric pressure washers are an inexpensive, lightweight, environmentally friendly option for light to medium cleaning around the house.  vehicles, boats, vinyl siding, small decks, bicycles, grills and  yard furniture are all good, occasional, cleaning tasks for the less powerful (1,000-1,800psi), less expensive, electric pressure washer.  choose an electric pressure washer with a more durable and quiet induction motor than one with a universal motor.  also, look for electric pressure washers with more metal fittings than plastic, particularly with parts that have to be screwed on and off.  stripped fittings can derail a job before it even gets started! consumer grade gas pressure washers are more expensive than electric but they’re also more powerful, sturdier and generally longer-lived.  fence cleaning, paint stripping, graffiti removal and heavy equipment cleaning all require a heavier duty machine that can be run for long periods of time and produce a water pressure that’s strong enough to get the job done.  for heavier duty use, a gas pressure washer in the 2000-3000 psi range is probably adequate.  if you intend to strip paint, lean towards the 2400-3000 psi range.  anything beyond that for home use is overkill as these machines generally are intended for commercial and industrial applications. caution should be exercised when using a pressure washer. the force from a blast of water from a high pressure hose can dent a car, gouge wood and seriously injure plant and animal alike.  please make sure to read the owner’s manual thoroughly.  if you have any questions, the experts at equipatron.com are more than happy to take your call. posted by just george at 5:10 am blog other blog posts ariens company – proud us manufacturer winterizing outdoor power equipment fall clean-up essentials disaster preparedness – an attitude adjustment lawn mowers – a cautionary tale archives november 2011 october 2011 september 2011 august 2011 june 2011 may 2011 april 2011 march 2011 february 2011 january 2011 december 2010 november 2010 october 2010 september 2010 august 2010 july 2010 press releases recent press releases archives email deals weekly sales, specials and exclusives equipatron will not sell, trade, share or rent your email address. company about us careers government blog secure shopping privacy policy return policy order security terms & conditions sitemap my account order status order payments shipping & delivery help buyer's guide help/info contact us buy online or call: 1-866-223-3939 copyright © equipatron. all rights reserved. equipatron is upfront