来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20131117140626/http://www.equipatron.com/blog/
================================================================================

equipatron.com blog equipatron we detected that your javascript seem to be disabled. you must have javascript enabled in your browser to utilize the functionality of this website. order 24/7 855-264-6487 call mon-fri 8 am-5 pm cst free & fast shipping (orders $100 & over) my account | my cart | contact us replacement parts small engine partsbriggs & stratton engine partshonda engine partsoregon engine partskohler engine partstecumseh engine partsequipment partsbriggs & stratton power productsmurray (by briggs & stratton)electrolux/aypmtdoregon equipment partspoulan/weed eaterwalbroearthquake illustrated parts lookup quick & easy detailed diagrams zoom tool user friendly click here small engines briggs & strattonhondakohlersubaru forestry & logging products chain breakerschain grinders & sharpenerschain sawsguide barslog splittersrivet spinnerssaw chain power equipment air compressorsblade grindersleaf blowerschipper shreddersearth augerslawn mowersportable generatorspressure washerssnow blowersstandby generatorstillerstrimmersvacuumswater pumps industrial products compactor platescut-off sawsconcrete vibratorsbreakersdemolition hammersheaterslight balloonsrammers you're currently on: home > blog categories chain saws miscellaneous manufacturers log splitter preventive maintenance support mowers engines snow blowers gift ideas ice fishing pressure washers heaters generators press releases uncategorized equipatron.com blog from 30 years experience on home & lawn equipment. chain saw safety - getting ready posted on august 25, 2012 chain saws are great tools to have on hand when the need arises. when storms knock down trees and limbs, it’s a good feeling to be able to tackle the job of clean-up so life can get back to normal all that much quicker. but, chain saws need to be approached with caution. they are powerful pieces of equipment with the potential to inflict great bodily harm. as an inanimate object, a chain saw doesn’t know the difference between a tree limb and human limb - if it can cut down a tree, it can cut off your leg, finger, or foot just as easily. there are 28,000 chain saw accidents each and every year with the majority of injuries to hands and lower extremities. being aware of all safety precautions will go a long way toward minimizing harmful situations. first and foremost, the chain saw operator should be mentally and physically ready to handle all aspects of chain saw operation. the chain saw operator needs to be able to assess the area and tree/limb to determine potential hazards, i.e. electrical wires, terrain, position of downed tree and limb, etc. further, the chain saw itself, when running, is a disconcertingly loud, vibrating beast of a machine that requires the operator to maintain physical control of the machine at all times. alcohol, certain medications, illness, and lack of sleep can impact judgment and physical readiness creating hazardous situations not only for the chain saw operator but for others in the area, buildings, vehicles and other nearby objects. another key safety component is proper attire. following is a list of highly recommended items for chain saw operators: - safety glasses to protect eyes from flying debris - steel-toed shoes to protect toes from chain saw blade and falling logs - hearing protection – chain saws are loud! - hard hat to protect head from falling branches - work gloves to minimize the impact of vibrations from chain saw and to protect hands - close-fitting clothes that lessen the chance of saw teeth grabbing onto loose fabric - chain saw chaps that protect the left leg – constructed of special fabric that clogs the chain - first aid kit, just in case - mobile phone or two way radio especially if you’re by yourself like the operator, the chain saw itself needs to be in peak operating condition to perform effectively. besides the basics of filling it with fresh gas and oil, and checking filters, the chain on the saw needs special attention in terms of sharpening, tension and lubrication. if you’ve used it before, make sure the chain teeth are sharp. you can sharpen them yourself in accordance with the saw’s instruction manual or take the chain to your local hardware store or co-op where they’ll sharpen it for a nominal fee. according to stihl, “a dull chain means a loss of power and cutting speed, higher fuel consumption, an excessive rate of wear on the guide bar, the sprocket and the engine, and fatigue for the operator.” if a chain is properly sharpened, the cutting will be easy and the cutting debris will look like wood chips. if it seems like it’s taking a lot of effort to make the cut and the saw is producing a fine sawdust, it’s time to sharpen the chain! chain tension is another key component of a properly functioning chain saw. a chain that’s too loose can fly off the bar while in operation, too tight and the chain can break – either scenario a dangerous situation for the saw operator and others in the area. consult your saw’s instruction manual for guidelines on tensioning how-to’s, when, how often and special cold weather operating instructions. finally, the chain moving around the bar requires constant lubrication so make sure the oil reservoir that the chain runs through is filled at all times. oil reduces the impact of friction by allowing the chain to move freely around the bar and slows wear and tear of the chain itself. a well oiled chain is less likely to jump the track and injure the operator and others. all of the above safety suggestions only go so far once the sawing begins out in the field. it’s essential the operator thoroughly acquaint him or herself with how to properly position the saw on the tree or limb to prevent kickbacks and other dangerous situations, how to hold the saw when cutting, and other basic safety tips and techniques related to the felling of trees and limbs. the guys at equipatron.com are more than happy to help you with chain saw questions or any other power equipment needs. posted in chain saw safety, chain saws, storm clean-up, safety, firewood, preventive maintenance and tagged with chain saw, 	chain saw safety, 	chain saws, 	storm clean-up, 	outdoor power equipment, 	friction, 	electric chain saws, 	equipatron												by just george. rodents - a gnawing problem posted on june 19, 2012 we all know about the importance of properly storing our outdoor power equipment. leaving our machines out, unprotected from the elements, can cause metal parts to rust, plastic and rubber lines to break down and crack, and the possibility of water getting in the fuel tank via condensation or other means. proper storage also keeps people safe by keeping gas fumes out of living areas and ensuring equipment is not readily accessible to small children. good spaces for storage then are garages, sheds and barns. but giving some thought to these storage areas also is an important part of protecting your equipment. why is that? because these storage areas are great places for furry, little creatures, a.k.a. rodents, to hang out and reside, especially if the living is easy! these rats, squirrels and mice can do a heap of a lot of damage to your equipment  when not taken into consideration as part of your storage strategy. a most interesting fact about rodents is that the incisors in their upper and lower jaw grow continuously. to keep the teeth short, rats, squirrels, mice and other rodents have to gnaw constantly. while their preferred diet is seeds, nuts, fruit, and variations of this theme in the form of livestock feed, birdseed, scraps in compost heaps, and garbage, they’ll chew on almost anything to keep their teeth short and sharp – wood, plastic, electrical wires, drywall - and that includes parts on the machinery sitting in your storage shed. if in the springtime you find that your well-cared for equipment suddenly won’t start and you spy rodent droppings, be afraid, very afraid, that mice or other rodents might have been noshing on your machine’s electrical wires, fuel line or other chewable surfaces. paying a minimal amount of attention to your storage areas can go a long way toward keeping rodents out of your life or getting rid of them altogether. first and foremost, get rid of any food source. if you must store birdseed, dog food or other kinds of feed in the shed or garage, make sure it’s properly secured in rodent-proof bins and clean up any spillage. a great suggestion out in chat room land is an old, non-working chest freezer as rodents can’t chew through the metal. keep your compost pile as far removed from your house as possible and keep cooked foods and eggshells out of the mix.  oh, and turn it regularly. also, make sure food waste is secured in garbage cans with lids. second, seal up points of entry. this may be a bit tricky as field mice can slip through holes as tiny as ¼” wide while rats only need a ½” but sealing up the most noticeable holes truly can make a difference. for more detailed info about how to rodent proof your home, click here. finally, rodents like to nest relatively near their food source. soft stuff like insulation and seat cushion fillings make wonderful padding for rodent nests. remove or make such items unpalatable in some way. when rodents visit an area, they urinate and leave territory markings which attract other rodents. one product, rataway, aims to halt this attraction by using an all natural fragrance to eliminate the territory markings altogether. we’re never going to be rid of rodents. they have been with us from the beginnings of time and are resourceful in the extreme being able to swim, climb, jump, burrow, gnaw and scrape their way to food sources and cozy nesting areas. cutting off their food supply, removing nesting materials and sealing up openings will hopefully send your rodent pests packing looking for friendlier accommodations. for these and other concerns and advice about your outdoor power equipment, contact the guys at equipatron.com who are always ready to help! posted in outdoor chores, engine care, preventive maintenance and tagged with squirrels, 	mice, 	rats, 	storage, 	rodent proofing, 	rodents, 	outdoor power equipment, 	equipatron												by just george. ethanol-blended fuels and small engines posted on june 3, 2012 almost from the beginning, the push to add ethanol to gasoline to reduce our dependence on foreign oil and greenhouse gas emissions has been controversial. automakers, consumers, environmentalists and academics continue to be concerned about the effects of ethanol on automobile engines, fuel efficiency, the environment and food supplies. what has largely been lost in the debate though is the effect of ethanol-blended gas on small engines used to run outdoor power equipment such as lawn mowers, pressure washers and snow blowers. owners of gasoline-powered equipment need to be made aware of the impact e10 has on small engines and take precautions to prevent unnecessary damage to their equipment - and pocketbook! what exactly is ethanol? ethanol is alcohol – pure and simple. made from the fermenting and distilling of starch crops such as corn and potatoes, it has been produced from the earliest of days as a “medicinal” drink to kill harmful bacteria, a solvent, household sterilizer, cooking and lighting fuel, and food preservative. it was also the fuel of the very first automobiles with henry ford and his model t’s being a huge proponent. but, gasoline’s cheaper cost and prohibition’s ban from 1919-1933 on the production of all ethanol were the main reasons behind a shift toward gasoline and other than short bursts of interest in times of war or fuel shortages, we’ve been using gasoline ever since. so, it’s not that ethanol is inadequate as a fuel but rather that our engines today are designed to run on gasoline. ethanol as solvent when exposed to the 10% of ethanol in e10 gas, rubber and plastic parts and some alloys used in engine construction can deteriorate. as the parts breakdown or corrode, pieces break off  causing clogs, misfires, hard starts, poor running and shutdowns. ethanol as a solvent also does a nice job of scouring the gas tank of gunk that has accumulated over time. unfortunately, all the little pieces of gunk that have now been dislodged from the gas tank’s surfaces can clog fuel lines and impact engine operation. ethanol loves water like salt, ethanol is hygroscopic, meaning, it absorbs moisture from the air. this water can come from condensation in the gas tank itself, from a gas can left in the garage on a humid day without the cap put back on, or even contaminated gas from the gas pump. if enough water is absorbed, a condition called phase separation can occur. this involves the fuel in the tank or can separating into layers – gas on top, and a water/ethanol mixture on the bottom. water in the gas tank of your lawn mower, pressure washer, etc. can cause corrosion and rust that can ultimately block the fuel supply rendering the engine inoperable. in a 2-stroke engine where the oil is mixed with the gas, phase separation can prevent the oil from lubricating engine parts thereby seizing up the engine altogether. solutions the best solution to all of the above is to stick to regular gasoline that is ethanol free, if you can find it. if you can’t, don’t want to look, or don’t want to drive clear across town just to fill up a gallon gas can, the next best solution to offsetting the effects of e10 is fuel additives. small engine manufacturer briggs & stratton recommends briggs & stratton advanced formula fuel treatment and stabilizer which contains ingredients to protect against all of the above problems. one thing to remember is that a fuel stabilizer will not reconstitute stale fuel or fuel that’s already in phase separation. if gas has been sitting in the can for over three months, you can add it to your car’s nearly full gas tank, a bit at a time, purchase new gas and add stabilizer at that time. if your lawn mower, pressure washer, trimmer, etc. has been sitting unused all winter long or longer without fuel stabilizer, options include draining the fuel tank and adding the fuel to your auto or topping it off with a higher octane gas for needed combustibility. if you suspect the e10 fuel has been contaminated with water, the safest route is to contact the city or county for hazardous waste disposal. most communities now have annual or semi-annual household hazardous waste disposal days that allow you to drop off all kinds of toxic materials, including gas and oil, at no charge. whatever you do, please don’t dump contaminated gas on the ground or down the sewer drain. a final option, and by far the easiest,  is to add something like star-tron's enzyme fuel treatment which can "bring back to life" gas that's already old or phase-separated. enzymes in the fuel treatment break down fuel sludge and contaminants  and allow water in the gas tank to be dispersed throughout the fuel as sub-micron sized droplets that can be eliminated as the engine operates. it also cleans the entire fuel delivery system. click here for one purchase option. knowledge is power. e10 is not going away. e15 is already on the horizon (but not recommended for small engines). if you use e10 to run your outdoor power equipment, then using additives to offset the effects of ethanol-blended fuels must become a part of normal maintenance routines. it’s a huge pay-off for a relatively small amount of effort and expense.  for additional info, contact the engine guys at equipatron.com. always happy to help! posted in engine care, preventive maintenance, small engines, engines and tagged with star-tron enzyme fuel treatment, 	phase separation, 	e15, 	e10, 	ethanol, 	hygroscopic, 	fuel stabilizer, 	outdoor power equipment, 	small engines, 	briggs & stratton												by just george. customer service: chit-chatting away posted on april 25, 2012 the mantra of social media marketing is to “engage your follower.” that philosophy of engagement can be equally applied to customer service for e-commerce sites. from the customer’s point of view, the ability to buy items online seems effortless, composed entirely of impersonal clicks of buttons with no human interaction whatsoever. the process is so stream-lined and efficient that a customer is almost hesitant to call in to ask for additional information. but when they do call in, it’s an absolute opportunity to shine. nothing warms up an online transaction like chit-chatting with a real live human being. for us here at equipatron, the selling of engines, pressure washers, generators and other power equipment not only requires technical expertise but a real dialogue with the customer to determine the right piece of equipment for their particular needs. this dialogue works best as a real conversation, a friendly chat that involves inquiries about the weather, the area the customer is calling from, and maybe even a reference to something that happened in the news from the caller’s area. customers really do appreciate the attention. they also like the fact there doesn’t seem to be a timer running, that the customer service person will spend as much time as necessary to address any and all questions and concerns. there’s no guarantee the sale will be made but the customer hangs up the phone feeling like he or she just had a pleasant conversation and will hopefully call back and even recommend us to friends. once the sale has been made, the goal is to get the product to the customer as promised. for the vast majority of customers, that goal is easily attained. sometimes though, stuff happens - shipping companies can’t find the address, product that appeared to be readily available is suddenly not, product arrives damaged, and a whole host of possible missteps that can bog down the process. the solution - fix it as quickly as possible and keep the customer informed every step along the way. and apologize like you really mean it. an “i’m sorry” goes a long way towards diffusing a frustrating situation. customers are amazingly understanding when they are kept in the loop about what exactly is going on with their whatchamacallits! customer service in one form or another has always been a part of the business world. what’s different now is that e-commerce has moved the human element entirely behind the scenes and sale transactions have become totally impersonal, the equivalent of a series of numbers.  the customer on the phone though, is a real live human being that still relishes an authentic human connection that feels welcoming, friendly and helpful. posted in support and tagged with e-commerce, 	customer service, 	customers, 	equipatron												by just george. small engine replacement posted on april 3, 2012 so, you had to take your piece of outdoor power equipment to the repair shop. despite the fact you did everything right - checked and changed the oil regularly, changed the air and oil filters, winterized properly – it just wasn’t working right or not at all. and now, the verdict is in. you need a new engine. ugh. if you did everything right, why would this happen? despite all your best efforts, simple usage over time results in wear and tear. friction continues to take its toll and tiny bits of engine are still flushed out with each and every oil change. those little bits of engine add up.  the internal engine parts become a bit misshapen and no longer work as well together when the engine was brand new. this ends up with a rough working engine and eventually engine failure. the big question now is whether to replace the engine or get rid of the machine and buy a completely new one.  to help you with this dilemma, consider the following factors: •    cost of the original piece of equipment. if you’re replacing an engine on say an ariens zero turn mower with a price tag of almost $5000, it makes sense to explore engine replacement as opposed to buying an entirely new piece of equipment. on the other hand, if you’re thinking about replacing the engine on a $200 push mower, the cost of the engine + labor costs will quickly make it cheaper and easier to just buy a new mower. •    age of equipment. here, the law of diminishing returns applies. if your piece of power equipment is 10+ years old, things are going to start falling apart and when you add a replacement engine into the mix, the money adds up. throwing good money after bad makes little economic sense and there comes a time when you just might have to bite the bullet and buy a new one. •    do-it-yourself.  a significant portion of any repair job is labor costs and if the cost of an engine replacement is limited to parts, it might be worth it to diy. bear in mind though that an engine replacement is much easier if the new engine is the same as the old one. if you find the original engine is no longer available and you have to make substitutions, things can get a bit tricky with parts not lining up exactly right. •    environmental impact. if you like the idea of lessening your contribution to the refuse stream and using less natural resources, then replacing an engine makes more sense than replacing an entire piece of equipment. while all the old metal should go to the metal recycler, the metal needed to replace just the engine means the iron ore dug from the earth is just a tiny bit less than if you had bought an entirely new piece of equipment. and you know what your mom would say to that – every little bit helps! the internet has all kinds of websites with tips about small engine maintenance and repairs. one i particularly like is called notes on the troubleshooting and repair of small gasoline engines and rotary lawn mowers at http://www.repairfaq.org/sam/lmfaq.htm. it has a plethora if information about how to maintain your small engine from preventive maintenance all the way to “time to buy a new mower.” so this spring, when you head out to your garage, ready to mow the grass, clean the fence, or other outdoor task on your list, don’t let that briggs & stratton engine, subaru engine, honda engine or other engine trouble drag you down.  and give the guys at equipatron.com a call. they can help guide you in the right direction. posted in engine care, small engines and tagged with environment, 	friction, 	outdoor cleaning, 	troubleshooting, 	diy, 	ariens, 	zero turn mower												by just george. engine oil and the fight against friction! posted on march 20, 2012 when we make a purchase, no matter what it is, we all know that once we plunk down our cash, we assume a certain amount of responsibility to take care of that product so that it continues to work properly and lasts a long time. for food, proper storage prevents spoilage, for clothes, laundering and mending keep the items and the wearer looking good. for all things mechanical, particularly engines, the most important thing a responsible owner can do is keep the equipment properly oiled. it makes perfect sense on an instinctive level but why is that so on a technical level? the answer is friction. to be perfectly honest, i had to do some research on friction. i have never taken a physics class and the only source of friction of which i am intimately acquainted is on the familial level. lo and behold, that family friction is a great example of physical friction – resistance occurring when one surface/body/personality rubs up against another surface/body/personality! if the surfaces are particularly rough, like when we’re all in a bad mood, there’s increased friction. if the surfaces are smooth – when we’re all in a good mood – there’s very little friction. rough surfaces can be made to have less friction with the addition of a lubricant so in this case, positive words, going out to dinner, or a small gift, serves the same purpose. that is friction at its most elemental. when it comes to an engine, whether it’s a small engine that powers a lawn mower or a large one that’s under the hood of a car, there are many, many moving parts – pistons, valves, camshafts, crankshafts, connecting rods, timing gears, flywheels, etc. – and they’re all rubbing against each other. while the parts appear to be smooth, microscopically, they’re quite rough, and the resistance/friction is significant. further, the friction of two objects rubbing together creates heat, think escalating argument, and that heat can actually cause your engine parts to melt. what mitigates the friction and heat is the addition of oil. oil coats the engine parts to create a smooth surface thereby reducing friction significantly. oil also cools the engine by carrying the heat away from the moving parts. without oil, all those moving parts would eventually mash and melt together with the engine grinding to an unfixable halt. while it’s of the utmost importance to check the oil levels regularly, it’s also important to periodically change the oil completely. according to tom and ray magliozzi, click and clack, the tappet brothers, these are the things that happen to your engine oil over time: • oil undergoes thermal breakdown due to high operating temperatures thereby diminishing its effectiveness as a lubricant. • oil has added additives that have the ability to neutralize acids. once these additives get used up, they stop being effective. • the oil becomes saturated with water, dust and combustion byproducts. once that happens, the oil can’t hold anymore thereby allowing the particles to stay in the engine possibly causing corrosion. and that’s why, the number one item on the preventive maintenance list for any product with an engine, be it small or large, is to add oil regularly and change it periodically. it’s a simple enough task and well worth the minimum amount of time and effort. consult the owner’s manual for your particular engine for additional preventive maintenance requirements. for further inquiries, give the guys at equipatron.com a call. they’re more than happy to answer any and all questions. posted in engine care, engines and tagged with preventive maintenance, 	engine oil, 	friction, 	small engines, 	equipatron												by just george. 1 reply fireplace wood: what you burn could burn you! posted on january 10, 2012 up at our cabin we felled a huge, lightning damaged, white pine last winter – dropped it on the frozen lake – and since then have had a readily available supply of wood to burn in the fire pit. the task of splitting this wood was made all the easier with the purchase of an ariens 34 ton log splitter.  just thinking about that log splitter brings a smile to my face! but now that the cabin is closed for the winter, all that wood is sitting there and we got to thinking about using that pine in the fireplace at our house. considering all the "wisdom" we've heard through the years, we got to  wondering whether it’s ok and this is what we found. seasoned vs. wet/green wood the most important safety issue when it comes to burning wood in an indoor fireplace is not what type of wood you use but rather, whether the wood has been seasoned. seasoned wood is wood that has been cut to length and stored long enough that the moisture content has been reduced down to 20-25%. as fresh cut wood can have as much as 45% water content, this drying process takes time –from 6 months to a year. if it’s properly stored with protection from rain but with access to the sun and wind, then 6 months should do – if not, then longer. a good indication of seasoned wood is if it seems lightweight and has dark ends with cracks and splits. but to be sure, a moisture meter is a good investment. for as little as $40 – check out the sonin analog moisture meter 50211 - this little handheld device will provide you with a fairly accurate reading as to the wood’s readiness to be burned that season or even that day. why is seasoned wood so important? wood that’s wet/green burns at a lower temperature which prevents the complete combustion of the oils in wood. these unburned oils are off-gassed in the smoke as volatiles and as the smoke rises through the chimney it cools and causes water, carbon and the volatiles to condense on the interior surfaces of the chimney flue. this black oily residue is called creosote and it’s the build-up of this residue that causes chimney fires. depending upon the amount of build-up, a chimney fire can stay within the confines of the chimney without your ever knowing it occurred or it can burn your house down. no matter what type of wood you’ve been burning, it’s a good idea to get your chimney checked out by a qualified chimney sweep. but, if you’ve been regularly burning wet/green wood, getting your chimney checked is imperative. they can determine if there’s creosote build-up and the severity of the situation. hard vs. soft wood hardwoods like oak, ash, maple, pecan, walnut and hickory are great woods for burning in the fireplace particularly if you’re burning to provide heat rather than just ambience. hardwoods are much denser than softwoods so a cord of hardwood weighs approximately 2 times as much as a similar amount of softwood and thus has twice as much heat potential.  you can use the softwoods – pine, fir, cedar – but it’ll burn up quicker, you’ll have to feed the fire more often, and you’re stock will run out sooner. there are differing opinions as to whether softwoods produce more creosote. many believe they do and urge caution when using in a fireplace or stove. others, such as the chimney safety institute of america (csia), believe it’s a matter of seasoning and if it’s properly seasoned, it’s perfectly fine for indoor burning. because softwoods are less dense, the experts at csia suggest using the pines, cedars, etc. for early or late in the season when the heating needs are not as intense as in the dead of winter. there’s nothing like a warm, crackling fire to ward off winter’s chill. but with all things, safety is of the utmost importance.  inspect your firewood and make sure it’s ready to be burned or it could end up burning you  - and your family. brought to you by the folks at equipatron.com – for all your equipment needs. posted in firewood and tagged with creosote, 	fireplace, 	chimneys, 	soft wood, 	hardwood, 	wet wood, 	moisture meter, 	green wood, 	seasoned wood, 	firewood, 	log splitter, 	ariens												by just george. ariens company - proud us manufacturer posted on november 25, 2011 equipatron.com sells lots of different things. behind all the items we carry is a proud tradition of manufacturing that not only makes the products but through innovation and technology has come up with countless ways to make them more efficiently and environmentally friendly. this is the second in a series of occasional articles exploring the manufacturers that produce the products we carry. ariens company for an awful lot of people, manufacturing is pretty boring stuff. start talking about production, labor, supply chain, etc., to a lay person and just watch the eyes glaze over. we love our stuff but couldn’t give two hoots about how it came to be sitting on the store shelf! but the men and women who created the companies that made our country an industrial giant were just as ambitious, innovative and entrepreneurial in their time as today’s tech industry gurus. take the ariens company. henry ariens and his wife, christine, settled in brillion, wisconsin in 1893. there they proceeded to set up an iron foundry in the garage behind their house where they began to produce small farm equipment. it sounds so achingly mundane that it would be so easy to just pass over that statement and say, yeah, whatever. but if you really think about it, that’s a pretty risky and bold move. here is this relatively young couple, new to this small, midwestern town, and whether through sheer desperation, pure pluck or calculated risk, went into business forming molten metal in their garage!  that scary, little operation eventually became the brillion iron works and while no longer affiliated with the ariens family having been sold in 1969, is still in operation today employing upwards of 1000 people. companies are formed and dissolved every day. some last for many years, others are dead within months. but for a family company to be in existence for longer than a single generation is truly a remarkable feat considering the vagaries of the business world. the true test of a company is how it handles these challenging situations. for us manufacturers in the early 20th century, that difficult time was the 1929 wall street crash and the great depression. for the ariens family, the brillion iron works went bankrupt. to keep the business going, the family split the company into two entities - the brillion iron works and the ariens company. the ariens company concentrated on their new invention, a walk behind, engine powered rototiller for farm and commercial use, in addition to its other farm equipment offerings. the brillion iron works focused on recovering and exiting from bankruptcy. in the late 1930’s and 1940’s, both companies supported the war effort and switched to the production of tools and equipment for military use. after the war, the ariens company again saw the need to change the company focus. when the returning troops and their families settled into newly built homes and subdivisions, ariens recognized a growing consumer demand for lawn and yard care equipment. gradually they shifted their focus away from agricultural equipment to concentrate on this consumer market. by 1950 they produced their first products marketed to homeowners - the jet tiller and the imperial riding mower. ariens’ popular sno-thro, a self-propelled snow thrower, was introduced in 1960 – one of the first snow blowers marketed to homeowners. today, ariens offers  snow blowers and throwers in a range of sizes to meet consumer needs. the same is true for their lawn care equipment which includes walk-behind mowers, riding mowers, zero-turn mowers and other lawn care equipment for both the consumer and commercial markets. expansion of the product line has been further enhanced through acquisitions such as gravely and the stens corporation. henry and christine ariens had a vision, back in 1893, to start a company, provide for their family and prosper in an era when anything seemed possible. that legacy of hard work, business savvy and entrepreneurial spirit continues today with the fourth generation that now runs the company. while manufacturing in the us has been pummeled by cheap chinese imports, labor costs and other issues, it is a testament to the ariens family that they continue to thrive in the tradition of proud us manufacturer. info for this article obtained from http://www.fundinguniverse.com/company-histories/ariens-company-company-history.html. posted in ariens and tagged with wisconsin history, 	zero-turn mowers, 	us manufacturer, 	sno-thro, 	riding mower, 	rototiller, 	tillers, 	ariens, 	snow blowers												by just george. winterizing outdoor power equipment posted on october 18, 2011 brrr. it’s starting to get cold out there! the last of the raking is finished, the lawn has been mowed for the last time and any pressure washing that needed to be completed is now done. time to get that expensive outdoor power equipment winterized so it’s good to go, on the first pull, in the spring. while winterizing would seem to imply that it’s limited to more northern climes with snow and below freezing temperatures, any gas powered equipment that is expected to sit idle for more than 30 days needs extra care – lawn mowers, snow blowers, pressure washers, portable generators, etc. it’s not the cold but old gas that’s the problem. gasoline’s volatile components evaporate over time decreasing its ability to burn effectively in your gas engine. plus, when hydrocarbons in gas react with oxygen, called oxidation, the chemical composition of the gas changes. this leads to gum and varnish deposits in the fuel system – a time consuming cleaning process best left to the professionals. there are differing schools of thought about how to deal with the gas in outdoor power equipment at the end of the season. one is to run the machine until the gas is completely used up. if you plan to store the gas-powered equipment in your basement, this is the preferred method as storing any gas in your living space is a bad idea. for unheated garage and shed storage, the problem with this method is that condensation can form in the empty gas tank and the resultant water in the tank could end in poor engine performance and/or rusty lines and tanks which can lead to expensive engine and gas-line failure. the preferred method, according to peter sawchuk of consumer reports, is to have a close to full tank of gas and to add a fuel stabilizer like sta-bil. this will prevent the aforementioned oxidation and lead to a smooth starting engine in the spring. once you add the stabilizer, run the motor 5-10 minutes to make sure it reaches the carburetor. next spring, continue to add stabilizer every time you refill to keep that engine running smooth. the following list rounds out sawchuk’s recommendations for the minimum amount of tasks required to keep your mower in good shape over the long haul: - change the oil. - charge the battery and recharge periodically through the down season. unlike a car battery, a battery that works with a lawn mower or snow blower is not automatically recharged as the machine runs. - scrape the lawn mower’s undercarriage. fuel stabilizer should also be added to your gas pressure washer engine at the end of the season but additional steps need to be taken to deal with hoses and tanks to insure that any water remaining is removed or properly treated. a quick method for pressure washers that will be stored in spaces or climates that don’t reach below freezing temperatures is as follows: - disconnect all water connections. - make sure the pressure hose is not kinked and turn on the machine for a few seconds until any water remaining in the pump is expelled. turn off immediately. - when storing, keep machine away from the furnace or other heat source to prevent seals from drying out. the preferred winterizing procedure for cold climates and unheated storage involves an antifreeze solution: - flush pump and chemical injector with fresh water. - turn off power supply and squeeze trigger gun to relieve any pressure in the line. - disconnect inlet and discharge plumbing. - connect a 3-4 foot hose to the inlet of the pump and place the other end of the hose into a bucket with a 50% water, 50% antifreeze mix. use environmentally friendly antifreeze such as rv antifreeze. - start the motor and run unit until antifreeze flows out the discharge. - turn off unit, disconnect hoses and store. to make the winterizing process even easier, products such as briggs & stratton’s pumpsaver or karcher’s pump guard for pressure washers contain antifreeze and lubricants to protect your equipment all winter long. as with all engine care, it is highly recommended that the owner’s manual be consulted for additional info and best practices and procedures for your particular piece of equipment. as you can see, all it takes is a little tlc to keep your outdoor power equipment in top shape - that and a bit of elbow grease. for additional info, the friendly customer service personnel at equipatron.com are happy to take your call. posted in engine care and tagged with snow throwers, 	lawn mowers, 	gas pressure washer, 	fuel stabilizer, 	outdoor power equipment, 	winterizing, 	karcher, 	electric pressure washers, 	snowblower, 	generators, 	briggs & stratton												by just george. 1 reply fall clean-up essentials posted on september 27, 2011 here it is, fall again - my favorite season! let’s see, there’s pop warner football, high school football, college football, professional football, and i’ll even play a game or two of flag football (and have the sore muscles to show for it!). there isn’t much that gets between me and my enjoyment of the game! that’s why, when it comes to fall chores, i’ve streamlined them to do only what is absolutely necessary. the rest can wait until spring. leaf removal if you like your lawn nice and green and healthy, you must remove the majority of leaves that accumulate in the fall. a heavy layer of leaves is like a blanket that covers your grass and prevents the cool temperatures, essential sunlight, moisture and fertilizer from helping your lawn heal after a long, hot summer. if you don’t have a lot of leaves, a mulching mower may be all you need.  as i have quite a few maples trees, a rake is my weapon of choice. raking though is a strenuous activity and leaves, especially if they’re wet, can get heavy. if you have any physical limitations that keep you from a vigorous workout but you’d still like to get outside and take care of your yard, then i’d get a blower/sweeper.  fairly lightweight ones, like those from worx, can be an electric plug-in or have a battery such as the popular lithium ion. there are also gas powered blowers which can be a bit heavier but many have convenient harnesses that put the weight of the machine on your back with only the hose having to be carried in the hand. speaking of leaf removal, pulling out the ladder, or hiring someone, to clean the gutters is a good idea. clogged gutters can contribute to the formation of ice dams so an hour spent on the ladder can potentially save you hundred of dollars in repair costs for water damage. feed and weed your lawn fall fertilization replaces nutrients that were lost during the summer and encourages root growth for a healthy spring lawn. weeds are also sucking up those nutrients so a simultaneous application of an herbicide will kill the weeds before they have a chance to reemerge in the spring.  if you aren’t a football fanatic like me, check out http://www.lawncare.org/fall-lawn-care/ for other suggested fall lawn tasks. trimming, edging and pruning if you trim your spring flowering bushes, i.e. forsythia, spirea, azalea, etc., in the fall, they will not flower in the spring because you will have cut off all the next season’s blooms. best time to trim these bushes is right after they’ve finished blooming for the season but no later than labor day. bushes that flower in the summer though, such as roses and hibiscus, can be trimmed in the fall or winter when the plants are dormant so they can wait until at least some football is finished for the season. edging your driveway and sidewalks is also a good project to get done in the fall. there are a wide variety of edging and trimming tools available to make the work easier. best time to prune trees is in the late fall or winter when leaves are gone. the tree will be dormant and you will have an unobstructed view to see which branches to remove. lawn furniture lawn furniture puts up with a lot of abuse from the elements but the harshest of conditions come in winter with the wind, snow, ice and freezing temperatures. to have your outdoor furniture last as long as possible, store it in a garage, shed or basement.  at the very least, stack it in the most out of the way place you’ve got to give it at least some protection from the elements. as far as cleaning is concerned, i’d just wait until spring unless there’s an ugly, oily spot that should be removed pronto. garden hoses disconnect your garden hoses from the outside spigot, thoroughly drain and store in the garage, shed or basement. an undrained garden hose that’s left outside or in an unheated space over winter will freeze and rupture. also, a hose still attached to the spigot over winter can cause your plumbing pipes to rupture as well. check out the following link for a nice, detailed question and answer regarding just this scenario - http://aces.nmsu.edu/ces/yard/2006/120906.html . my final outside task will be to clean out the vegetable garden to help keep it disease and bug free. the rest, like window washing, can wait until spring.  one project i don’t want to neglect though is the winterization of my lawn mower and other power equipment but that’s a separate posting all by itself. until next time, have fun in the yard from all of us here at equipatron.com! posted in outdoor chores and tagged with garden hose, 	raking, 	lawn care, 	worx, 	lithium battery, 	electric blower, 	gas blower, 	winterizing, 	equipatron												by just george. items 1 to 10 of 30 total page: 1 2 3 email deals weekly sales, specials and exclusives equipatron will not sell, trade, share or rent your email address. company about us careers government blog secure shopping privacy policy return policy price match policy order security terms & conditions sitemap my account order status order payments shipping & delivery help buyer's guide help/info contact us buy online or call: 1-855-264-6487 copyright © equipatron. all rights reserved. equipatron is upfront