来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20241212021725/https://www.equipatron.com/policies/terms-of-service
================================================================================

terms of service | equipatron skip to main content please enable javascript in your browser for better use of the website! shop productscontact usfind your engine model number call • 855-264-6487 • mon - fri 8am - 5pm cst faq search... 0 • $0 view cart checkout 0 log in create an account search... shop products small engines briggs & stratton engines honda engines kawasaki engines kohler engines replacement parts ariens parts briggs & stratton parts efco parts electrolux (ayp) parts gates replacement belts honda parts kawasaki parts kohler parts llifts steering dampers murray parts oregon parts robalon parts tecumseh parts toro parts worx parts xtreme ope starters & clutches power equipment & tools blade grinders replacement blades generators lawn mowers lawn & garden sprayers leaf blowers & mulchers power tools pressure washers & power cleaners snow blowers trimmers, edgers & tillers water pumps wheelbarrows & carts workbenches & sawhorses specials & closeouts snow blowers lawn mower blade packs snow blower skid shoe packs contact us find your engine model number terms of service welcome to the website (the "site") of equipatron.com (equipatron, llc). equipatron provides its services to you subject to the notices, terms, and conditions set forth in this agreement (the "agreement"). in addition, when you use any equipatron.com service (e.g., customer reviews), you will be subject to the rules, guidelines, policies, terms, and conditions applicable to such service, and they are incorporated into this agreement by this reference. equipatron.com reserves the right to change this site and these terms and conditions at any time. accessing, browsing or otherwise using the site indicates your agreement to all the terms and conditions in this agreement, so please read this agreement carefully before proceeding. use of site you represent and warrant that you are at least 18 years old or visiting the site under the supervision of a parent or guardian.subject to the terms and conditions of this agreement, equipatron.com hereby grants you a limited, revocable, non-transferable and non-exclusive license to access and use the site by displaying it on your internet browser only for the purpose of shopping for personal items sold on the site and not for any commercial use or use on behalf of any third party, except as explicitly permitted by equipatron.com in advance. any breach of this agreement shall result in the immediate revocation of the license granted in this paragraph without notice to you.except as permitted in the paragraph above, you may not reproduce, distribute, display, sell, lease, transmit, create derivative works from, translate, modify, reverse-engineer, disassemble, decompile or otherwise exploit this site or any portion of it unless expressly permitted by equipatron.com in writing. you may not make any commercial use of any of the information provided on the site or make any use of the site for the benefit of another business unless explicitly permitted by equipatron.com in advance. equipatron.com reserves the right to refuse service, terminate accounts, and/or cancel orders at its discretion, including, without limitation, if equipatron.com believes that customer conduct violates applicable law or is harmful to equipatron.com’s interests.you shall not upload to, distribute, or otherwise publish through this site any content, information, or other material that (a) violates or infringes the copyrights, patents, trademarks, service marks, trade secrets, or other proprietary rights of any person; (b) is libelous, threatening, defamatory, obscene, indecent, pornographic, or could give rise to any civil or criminal liability under u.s. or international law; or (c) includes any bugs, viruses, worms, trap doors, trojan horses or other harmful code or properties.content provided on this site is solely for informational purposes. submissions or opinions expressed on this site are that of the individual expressing such submission or opinion and may not reflect the opinions of equipatron.com. product representations expressed on this site are that of the vendor and are not made by equipatron.com equipatron.com may assign you a password and account identification to enable you to access and use certain portions of this site. each time you use a password or identification, you will be deemed to be authorized to access and use the site in a manner consistent with the terms and conditions of this agreement, and equipatron.com has no obligation to investigate the authorization or source of any such access or use of the site. you will be solely responsible for all access to and use of this site by anyone using the password and identification originally assigned to you whether or not such access to and use of this site is actually authorized by you, including without limitation, all communications and transmissions and all obligations (including without limitation financial obligations) incurred through such access or use. you are solely responsible for protecting the security and confidentiality of the password and identification assigned to you. you shall immediately notify equipatron.com of any unauthorized use of your password or identification or any other breach or threatened breach of this site's security. reviews and comments except as otherwise provided elsewhere in this agreement or on the site, anything that you submit or post to the site and/or provide equipatron.com, including without limitation, ideas, know-how, techniques, questions, reviews, comments, and suggestions (collectively, "submissions") is and will be treated as non-confidential and non-proprietary, and equipatron.com shall have the royalty-free, worldwide, perpetual, irrevocable and transferable right to use, copy, distribute, display, publish, perform, sell, lease, transmit, adapt, create derivative works from such submissions by any means and in any form, and to translate, modify, reverse-engineer, disassemble, or decompile such submissions. all submissions shall automatically become the sole and exclusive property of equipatron.com and shall not be returned to you.in addition to the rights applicable to any submission, when you post comments or reviews to the site, you also grant equipatron.com the right to use the name that you submit with any review, comment, or other content, if any, in connection with such review, comment, or other content. you represent and warrant that you own or otherwise control all of the rights to the reviews, comments and other content that you post on this site and that use of your reviews, comments, or other content by equipatron.com will not infringe upon or violate the rights of any third party. you shall not use a false e mail address, pretend to be someone other than yourself or otherwise mislead equipatron.com or third parties as to the origin of any submissions or content. equipatron.com may, but shall not be obligated to, remove or edit any submissions (including comments or reviews) for any reason. international access this site may be accessed from countries other than the united states. this site may contain products or references to products that are not available outside of the united states. any such references do not imply that such products will be made available outside the united states. if you access and use this site outside the united states you are responsible for complying with your local laws and regulations. disclaimer and limitation of liability except as otherwise provided in the standard terms of sale that govern the sale of each product on this site. this site, the products offered for sale on it and the transactions conducted through it are provided by equipatron.com on an "as is" basis. equipatron.com makes no representations or warranties of any kind, express or implied, as to the operation of the site or the information, content, materials, or products included on this site. to the full extent permissible by applicable law, equipatron.com disclaims all warranties, express or implied, including, but not limited to, implied warranties of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose, noninfringement, title, quiet enjoyment, data accuracy and system integration. this site may include inaccuracies, mistakes or typographical errors. equipatron.com does not warrant that the content will be uninterrupted or error free.to the maximum extent permitted by law, equipatron.com will not be liable for any damages of any kind arising from the use of this site, including, but not limited to indirect, incidental, punitive, exemplary, special or consequential damages. to the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, equipatron.com's total liability to you for any damages (regardless of the foundation for the action) shall not exceed in the aggregate the amount of fees actually paid by you to equipatron.com during the month immediately preceding the act allegedly giving rise to equipatron.com's liability. typographical errors in the event a product is listed at an incorrect price or with incorrect information due to typographical error or error in pricing or product information received from our suppliers, equipatron.com shall have the right to refuse or cancel any orders placed for product listed at the incorrect price. equipatron.com shall have the right to refuse or cancel any such orders whether or not the order has been confirmed and your credit card charged. if your credit card has already been charged for the purchase and your order is canceled, equipatron.com shall immediately issue a credit to your credit card account in the amount of the charge. links this site may contain links to other sites on the internet that are owned and operated by third parties. you acknowledge that equipatron.com is not responsible for the operation of or content located on or through any such site. remedies you agree that equipatron.com's remedy at law for any actual or threatened breach of this agreement would be inadequate and that equipatron.com shall be entitled to specific performance or injunctive relief, or both, in addition to any damages that equipatron.com may be legally entitled to recover, together with reasonable expenses of any form of dispute resolution, including, without limitation, attorneys' fees.no right or remedy of equipatron.com shall be exclusive of any other, whether at law or in equity, including without limitation, damages, injunctive relief, attorneys' fees and expenses.no instance of waiver by equipatron.com of its rights or remedies under these terms and conditions shall imply any obligation to grant any similar, future or other waiver applicable law this site is created and controlled by equipatron.com in the state of wisconsin, usa. as such, the laws of the state of wisconsin will govern these disclaimers, terms, and conditions, without giving effect to any principles of conflicts of laws. disputes any dispute relating in any way to your visit to the site or to the products you purchase through the site shall be submitted to confidential arbitration in milwaukee, wisconsin, except that to the extent you have in any manner violated or threatened to violate equipatron.com's intellectual property rights, equipatron.com may seek injunctive or other appropriate relief in any state or federal court in the state of wisconsin. you hereby consent to, and waive all defenses of lack of personal jurisdiction with respect to venue and jurisdiction in the state and federal courts of wisconsin. arbitration under these terms of use shall be conducted pursuant to the commercial arbitration rules then prevailing at the american arbitration association. the arbitrator's award shall be final and binding and may be entered as a judgment in any court of competent jurisdiction. to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, no arbitration under this agreement shall be joined to an arbitration involving any other party subject to this agreement, whether through class action proceedings or otherwise. you agree that regardless of any statute or law to the contrary, any claim or cause of action arising out of, related to or connected with the use of the site or this agreement must be filed within one (1) year after such claim or cause of action arose or be forever banned. severability if any these provisions shall be deemed invalid, void, or for any reason unenforceable, that condition shall be deemed severed and shall not affect the validity and enforceability of any remaining provision. company company about us careers blog secure shopping secure shopping privacy policy return policy order security terms of service help help contact us my account shipping & delivery newsletter sign up for special offers, diy tips and more! email join equipatron © 2025 powered by shopify american express apple pay discover google pay mastercard paypal shop pay venmo visa