来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20241212021725/https://www.equipatron.com/apps/frequently-asked-questions
================================================================================

equipatron skip to main content please enable javascript in your browser for better use of the website! shop products contact us find your engine model number call • 855-264-6487 • mon - fri 8am - 5pm cst faq search... 0 • $0 plus -2 more view cart checkout search... 0 shop products small engines briggs & stratton engines honda engines kawasaki engines kohler engines replacement parts ariens parts briggs & stratton parts efco parts electrolux (ayp) parts gates replacement belts honda parts kawasaki parts kohler parts llifts steering dampers murray parts oregon parts robalon parts tecumseh parts toro parts worx parts xtreme ope starters & clutches power equipment & tools blade grinders replacement blades generators lawn mowers lawn & garden sprayers leaf blowers & mulchers power tools pressure washers & power cleaners snow blowers trimmers, edgers & tillers water pumps wheelbarrows & carts workbenches & sawhorses specials & closeouts snow blowers lawn mower blade packs snow blower skid shoe packs contact us find your engine model number frequently asked questions what is equipatron? where are you located? how do i know which engine or part will work for my equipment? the photo of the engine or replacement part looks like my original. will it work? what should i do upon receiving my engine? what if the item i need is no longer available? what payment methods do you accept? does equipatron keep/store my credit card/payment information? where is my refund? the item i need is out of stock. when will it be available? where is my order confirmation? can i cancel my order? what shipping carriers does equipatron use? when will my order ship? when will i receive my order? where can equipatron ship to? how much does shipping cost? can i track my order? can i pick up my order in person rather than shipping it? the engine or part i ordered doesn't fit / isn't what i expected. can i return it? how do i return an item? is it free to return an item? i believe the engine or part i ordered is defective. what can i do? my engine or part arrived with damage. now what? the engine or part i ordered doesn't fit / isn't what i expected. can i return it? about us what is equipatron? where are you located? what is equipatron? equipatron is an online retailer of small replacement engines, power equipment and replacement parts/accessories. we offer the top brands of small engines, including honda, briggs & stratton, kawasaki and kohler. we also stock replacement parts for engines and other power equipment like lawn mowers, garden tractors, trimmers, snow blowers and more. it is our goal here to provide exceptional correspondence and support for our customers to ensure they get the right replacement engine or part for their equipment. we have real, experienced human beings that are here to help. check out our reviews page to see what our customers have to say. where are you located? our office and main warehouse are located just north of milwaukee in grafton, wi. while we stock a fraction of our engines here, the vast majority of the items on our website are stocked in various warehouses across the midwest. please keep in mind that we are an online retailer - we don't have a physical retail space to browse engines and parts. with that being said, we can occasionally offer customer pick-ups on select engines if you live in the milwaukee area. just give us a call or send us a message to check the availability for your engine order. replacement engines & parts how do i know which engine or part will work for my equipment? the photo of the engine or replacement part looks like my original. will it work? what should i do upon receiving my engine? what if the item i need is no longer available? how do i know which engine or part will work for my equipment? the absolute best way to determine the correct replacement engine or part for your equipment is to locate the model number and type code on the current engine that you’re replacing or repairing. the required identification information differs depending on the manufacturer. we have a great guide on finding your engine model information here. once you have this information, send us an email, chat with us online or give us a call and we can find the correct replacement engine or part for you and verify that it’s available. the photo of the engine or replacement part looks like my original. will it work? we do not recommend purchasing any replacement parts or engines based on an image alone. we have hundreds of engines on our website and many of them are variations of the same model, sometimes with only slight differences that may not be easy to see in a photo. but small differences in specs, such as the crankshaft length or the height of an air cleaner, can make them incompatible with your equipment. the only way we can guarantee an engine or part will work for your application is by using your original engine or equipment model information to find a direct replacement. what should i do upon receiving my engine? first, we recommend verifying that the model and spec numbers on the engine you received match the information in your order confirmation. rarely do we ship the wrong engine, but it doesn't hurt to check. look the engine over to ensure there is no visible damage. we advise customers to dry mount the engine to the equipment to make sure everything looks good. lastly, add oil and gas before powering up. what if the item i need is no longer available? manufacturers are continuously replacing older engine and part models with new and improved versions that will work in their place - that's why replacement information is always changing. unfortunately, some items don't get replaced, usually due to dwindling demand, and eventually our stock runs dry. parts oftentimes, when it comes to replacement parts, once they are discontinued, they're gone. you can absolutely give us a call to check the availability of the item you need - there might be a chance we can find one in stock in an alternate warehouse or identify a different part that could work in its place. engines there is still some hope if the replacment engine you need has been discontinued and is unavailable. after you provide us with your current engine and equipment information, our technician will do some research to see if there is an alternative engine that will work. while we can't always find another option for you, it's worth a shot! payment what payment methods do you accept? does equipatron keep/store my credit card/payment information? where is my refund? what payment methods do you accept? we accept all major credit cards including visa, mastercard, american express and discovery. we also accept shop pay, paypal and google pay as express checkout options. when selecting express checkout options, you'll be asked to sign into the corresponding account and then you will be redirected back to our site to complete your order. we also accept checks if that is necessary - give us a call and we'll help get your order placed and provide additional information. does equipatron keep/store my credit card/payment information? no. our customers' privacy and security is important to us. we do not store your debit or credit card info. this data is encrypted to protect your information. for that reason, the collection of payment details must be repeated when extra charges need to be applied to your order, such as extra shipping fees to alaska, hawaii, or difficult-to-access addresses. because we don't store your financial information, we also cannot offer automated repeat purchases. we do offer accelerated payment options like paypal and shop pay at checkout. if you utilize either of these services, it can make checkout much speedier. where is my refund? we aim to process refunds within three days of an item being returned to us. returned items must be inspected to ensure they are not used or damaged. please note that your bank may take several days to process the payment back into your account after we process the refund on our end. we’ll contact you by email to let you know when your refund has been processed. ordering & delivery the item i need is out of stock. when will it be available? where is my order confirmation? can i cancel my order? what shipping carriers does equipatron use? when will my order ship? when will i receive my order? where can equipatron ship to? how much does shipping cost? can i track my order? can i pick up my order in person rather than shipping it? the item i need is out of stock. when will it be available? if the replacement part or engine you need is out of stock, we recommend reaching out to check on its availability. some items are restocked quickly, but others may be on extended backorder. you can still place an order for an item that is out of stock, but we can't guarantee a firm shipping date. there is a chance that we may be able to find an alternative replacement part or engine if the one you need is not available - reach out with the part number you're looking at along with your equipment or engine information and we'll look into it for you! where is my order confirmation? an order confirmation is automatically sent to the email address used when placing an order. if you haven’t received your order confirmation within 24 hours, please get in touch at info@equipatron.com just in case there’s a problem with your order. please check your mailbox’s spam or junk folder before contacting in case the order confirmation has been diverted there. can i cancel my order? our goal is to get orders out the door as quickly as possible - that means there is only a short amount of time between when you place your order and when we start processing it. if you contact us right away after ordering, either by phone or at orders@equipatron.com, we may be able to cancel your order before it’s processed. if your order has already processed or shipped, it cannot be canceled. some shipping carriers allow you to update the delivery instructions for a tracking number on their website, and returning the package to the sender is sometimes an option. otherwise, you can attempt to refuse the package if you are present at the time of delivery or contact us to return your order once you receive it. please keep in mind that shipping costs may be deducted from your refund if a package is refused for reasons other than damage. what shipping carriers does equipatron use? the shipping carrier we utilize for your order is determined by the total weight of the package. our lighter items will usually ship out via usps first class or priority. our heavier parts and most engines typically ship out ups ground. we also utilize fedex for select items as well. our heaviest engines will ship via freight, which may require an additional shipping charge. if your engine is shipping freight, we’ll reach out to you to coordinate delivery. when will my order ship? our goal is to get orders out the door as quickly as possible. our cut-off time for guaranteed same day shipping for in-stock orders is 11am cst. in-stock orders placed between 11am and 2pm cst are likely to ship the same day, but are not guaranteed to do so. as a general rule, our maximum handling time for in-stock orders placed after 11am cst is 1 day, meaning they will ship the following business day. business days do not include weekends and postal service holidays. when will i receive my order? most orders being sent within the contiguous united states will be delivered in 3-5 business days after being shipped. that being said, we've seen longer transit times for orders going to more remote locations. we also can't foresee any shipping delays that the carrier might run into. where can equipatron ship to? we can ship most items anywhere within the united states. we do ship to noncontiguous states and us territories like alaska, hawaii and puerto rico, but larger items, including all engines, will incur an additional shipping charge. give us a call or send us a message for a quote. we do not ship globally via our website, but we do have an ebay store that utilizes ebay's global shipping program on many of our products. it's also worth noting that we can no longer ship the majority of the engines on our site to california. starting in 2024, the state of california banned the sale of all small off-road engines (sores) manufactured in 2024 or later. it varies by engine manufacturer and model whether we can verify the date of manufacture, so it’s best to give us a call to determine the shipping availability to your location. how much does shipping cost? orders under $100 will have a flat rate fee of $8.99 applied at checkout to cover shipping and handling. the majority of orders over $100 will ship free of charge. there are exceptions to our free shipping policy: our heaviest engines that a require a freight carrier will require an additional shipping charge. similarly, engines and heavier parts shipping to a destination outside the contiguous united states, including alaska and hawaii, will incur an additional shipping charge as well. if your order falls under the aforementioned exceptions, we'll reach out to collect that additional shipping charge before completing your order. can i track my order? yes. tracking information will automatically be sent to the email provided on your order once it has shipped. if you placed an order for in-stock items and still haven't received tracking information within 2 business days, first check your spam/junk folder in case our email was diverted there. if it's still not found, send us a message or give us a call and we'll figure out what's going on! can i pick up my order in person rather than shipping it? usually, that's a no. we are able to offer thousands of replacement parts and engines on our website because they are stocked at numerous warehouses across the midwest; only a fraction of orders placed online are in stock at our headquarters in grafton, wi. with that being said, we do stock some of our most popular engines here, including most hondas. if you live in the milwaukee area and would prefer to pick up an order in person, it might be worth contacting us to see if that's an option. returns the engine or part i ordered doesn't fit / isn't what i expected. can i return it? how do i return an item? is it free to return an item? the engine or part i ordered doesn't fit / isn't what i expected. can i return it? yes, we do accept returns. you can return engines, whole goods and accessories within 30 days of receipt, while replacement parts can be returned within 60 days. please keep in mind, we only accept returns for items that are still in their new, unused condition. engines that have been mounted, fueled or run cannot be returned. the same goes for power equipment and replacement parts - once an item has been gassed, powered or installed, we cannot process a return. if you're not positive which replacement engine or part you need, we highly recommend reaching out prior to placing an order online. when one of our technicians or customer service representatives places your order or provides you with replacement information, we stand behind our recommendations. if we're wrong, you won't be responsible for any return costs. how do i return an item? if you need to return your new, unused item, please contact us via email at returns@equipatron.com or give us a call at 855-264-6487. we'll provide you with a return material authorization (rma) number along with shipping instructions. when shipping your return, ensure that items are in their original packaging or packaging that is of equal quality to the original. is it free to return an item? if one of our customer service reps or technicians placed your order or provided replacement information and it is determined that we recommended the wrong engine or part, you will not be responsible for any return costs - we'll provide a free shipping label to send the item back. additionally, if an engine or part is delivered with excessive damage, we will also incur any return costs or process a full refund. in most other situations, the customer will be responsible for inbound and outbound shipping costs for unopened returned items. returned engines and opened merchandise are subject to a 20% restocking fee. any return costs will be deducted from your refund. item issues i believe the engine or part i ordered is defective. what can i do? my engine or part arrived with damage. now what? the engine or part i ordered doesn't fit / isn't what i expected. can i return it? i believe the engine or part i ordered is defective. what can i do? while factory defects are not very common, they do happen! unfortunately, an engine or part is usually found to be defective only after it's been used, and we cannot accept returns on used items. luckily, all of the engines on our website are covered by the manufacturer's warranty. if you believe that the replacement part or engine you ordered from us may be defective, contact us. it's helpful to have your equipment model and/or your original engine information available - that way can verify that the correct replacement engine or part was ordered/used.  if all signs point to a factory defect, we'll provide you with the nearest authorized servicing dealer where they can perform warranty service. my engine or part arrived with damage. now what? unfortunately, damage during transit is a potential risk when shipping large, heavy items. while we foam-pack our engines to prevent as much damage as possible, it does still happen from time to time. if you are present when the package is being delivered and there is visible damage to the box, you can inform the delivery driver that you want to refuse the package and return it to the sender. if you notice damage after delivery has been made, give us a call. don’t attempt to mount and run the engine until you’ve spoken with a representative. do take photos of the damage to your engine and email them to info@equipatron.com. oftentimes, damage is minor and/or cosmetic and we can ship out replacement parts free of charge. if the damage is more substantial, we can begin the replacement process. give us a call and we’ll work with you to resolve the situation. the engine or part i ordered doesn't fit / isn't what i expected. can i return it? yes, we do accept returns. you can return engines, whole goods and accessories within 30 days of receipt, while replacement parts can be returned within 60 days. please keep in mind, we only accept returns for items that are still in their new, unused condition. engines that have been mounted, fueled or run cannot be returned. the same goes for power equipment and replacement parts - once an item has been gassed, powered or installed, we cannot process a return. if you're not positive which replacement engine or part you need, we highly recommend reaching out prior to placing an order online. when one of our technicians or customer service representative places your order or provides you with replacement information, we stand behind our recommendations. if we're wrong, you won't be responsible for any return costs. company company about us careers blog secure shopping secure shopping privacy policy return policy order security terms of service help help contact us my account shipping & delivery newsletter sign up for special offers, diy tips and more! email join equipatron © 2024 powered by shopify american express apple pay discover meta pay google pay mastercard paypal shop pay venmo visa item is added to cart