来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20100131122518/http://www.companyfolders.com/testimonials.html
================================================================================

customer's testimonials :: company folders, inc new products templates catalog samples request form presentation folders designs products catalog pricing information quote request form re-order form art work preparation digital file checklist testimonials contact info environmentally friendly privacy policy terms & conditions new products new stocks current promotions e-specials sign up art preparation faq ordering faq products ordering company what's new promotions faq customer's testimonials presentation folders inserts & brochures binders paper index tabs portfolios document folders hotel key & card folders photo holders report covers certificate covers totes & sale boxes cd / dvd packaging conformer® products patriotic design folders custom design folders paper choices full color line design services unique corporate gifts share this: need help? call us.248 738-7600 join our email list email: customer's testimonials our shipment just arrived, and, for the second time in a row, we are totally impressed with your company. (that's 2 for 2 now.) the quality of your work and the speed of your delivery are exemplary. thank you so much for the great service. we will be sure to recommend your company at any/every time, should the opportunity arise. we would be more than happy to speak to anyone, should you require a professional referral. thanks again, cheers, lori, cameron izard snell, victoria, bc the key card folders arrived and look perfect. thanks for your kind attention on our project. monica, the shawnee inn and golf resort, shawnee on delaware, pennsylvania everything looks great. the folders are exactly what we were looking for. thanks!! nathan, elite title, llc, colorado springs, co folders look great. thank you much amigo. best regards, josh, tfc credit corporation, floral park, ny i just received the folders today, they look great. thanks for all your help. thanks, nick, album creative, san clemente, ca the folders look great. thanks for all your help. rob, blue water spa, raleigh, nc just to inform you i have received the tkt jackets and i am extremely pleased. looking forward to placing further orders in the near future. kind regards, wendy, flood transport, bermuda just received the folders. thank you so much for your promptness in this matter. i truly appreciate it. the folders look great. sincerely, ilene, ilene davis travels, highland beach, fl just wanted you to know, we received our travel documents. we are very pleased, it came out very nice. thanks so much for your patience. starr, sunnova travel llc, n. baldwin, ny we received the order. looks awesome, thanks! angela, the river church community, san jose, ca the folders look fantastic. charles, crown pointe, grove, ok just wanted to let you know that we love the folders. everyone is raving on how professional it looks. we will definitely be back for more orders. maria, henley-putnam university, san jose, ca i got the folders today. they are amazing! justin, the kensington group, llc, las vegas, nv thank you for the back covers. they look great!!! brad, crescent printing & copying, bethesda, ma folders came and look spectacular! david, loyola law school, los angeles, ca i received the folders today and the look "fantastic". thanks for your guidance in putting these folders together. charles, villas del lago, grove, ok just received our folders – they’re perfect! thank you so much for making it all work! katie, katie myers, cpa, pc, traverse city, mi i wanted to let you know that we got folders, and we liked them very much. thank you. emina, re/max premier, delmar, ny i just received the folders and they turned out great. let your staff know they did a fantastic job. pete, aig financial advisors, walnut creek, ca just wanted to let you know that we received our folders today and they look very good. i appreciate all your patience with me. when we will need to reorder, i will definitely let you know. thank you again and have a happy holiday! isa, riverdale vet dermatology, riverdale, nj wow!! i have to say i am sooooo impressed with the folders! they are fantastic and i think really classy looking! thank you!! i will let you know if i get any more orders in the future! tina, smart marketing, naples, fl we received the dvd mailers today, they look great!! cassie, apollo press, newport news, virginia got the folders - they look fantastic! thank you, marissa, the dimaggio group, inc., newport beach, ca we love the folders. thanks! michele, consumers first title company, coral springs, fl i got the cards yesterday. they look great. we will be making another purchase soon. thanks for all your help! ryan, scorite personal credit consultants, las vegas, nv the folders looked great! amye, poppy seed design, montgomery, al i just got the folders from fedex. they look great. thanks! megan, educational consultant, megan matt's teachable moments, newport beach, ca the folders came and they look great. thanks, gretchen, rockford symphony orchestra, rockford, il the folders just arrived. they look great - thank you! erin, newlands & company, inc, portland, or sir, the folders are in and they look fantastic. thanks so much! angela, the river church community, san jose, ca got folders today. they look great!! thanks so much! julie, phil's foreign car service, inc, kenvil, nj sir, i received the folders today 5 sep. 2007. they are just what i needed and got here just in time since i am bowling tonight. thank you and if i need more later i will contact you. thanks, rich brillhart the small purple folders came and they look wonderful. everyone is so happy with them. because of the great success of these we are ready to make the next order. gretchen, rockford symphony orchestra, rockford, il we received the folders yesterday and i have to say that they look great! after all that hard work going back and forth and trying to get everything right paid off wonderfully. thank you for all that you did to help us with this and i will be in touch when we need to reorder, hopefully you will still be working at companyfolders.com. i hope you got a chance to see the riverview folders and i hope you thought they looked nice too. i will be in touch. thank you again, jeff, riverview resort, south yarmouth, ma the boxes arrived friday. great product. everyone here is pleased. your turn around time was considerably quicker than i expected and i appreciate the time you took to answer questions, etc throughout. we'll be sure to re-order with your company again. thx again, brent, janus research group, inc, evans, ga the folders looked great, thank you for all of your help. pat, southern emblem, alexandria, la hi vlad, people are still talking about my cool folders i sent them for engagement announcements. pretty soon they'll be making their way to england with everyone with all of their helpful information. thank you so much for your awesome job on them. janie, flint, mi we got folders last week! thanks so much, they look great! anita, development director, hebron house of hospitality, inc, waukesha, wi the folders look wonderful, we will certainly order again. thanks! jennifer,   decatur vein clinic, carmel, in i just got our folders from my front desk receptionist. they look great. lisa, marketing manager, fremont, ca thank you for putting up with so much chaos on our end and doing a great job producing our folders. received them march 30th as promised and they look great. thank you! jon,   production director, appaloosa journal, moscow, idaho we received the folders-they are great. thank you so much for all your help. john, claybar funeral home, beaumont, tx our file tab folders just arrived and look just like we wanted!!!! thanks for the prompt service. constance, cpa, cfp, meck & rosborough, llc, silver spring, md thank you for my folders!!! they are beautiful! i am so excited to send these out! your timing is perfect with sending these as well. i've been slaving over 11 pages of information and magnets to fit inside the folders for my guests. thank you! janie, flint, mi just wanted to let you know that the custom folders look great!!! thank you so much for your patience with all of the difficulties we had in placing this order. lori, rocky mtn. high spirit competitions, aurora, colorado we received the key packets today and they look great! we are very pleased with the work of your company. i appreciate all of your assistance with this task. we'll definitely keep you all in mind for future products. best, amy, manager of resident and guest services teachers college, columbia university, new york, ny thank you so much for the huge favor. you are truly a godsend. the folders are going to add the perfect touch to our memorial day program. you have a+ outstanding service. i'll definately recommend you to anyone i know who may need your services. thanks again!! rachel karl & rachel, newport, pa i just wanted you to know that the folders look great!! everyone loved them.. and we have already used a lot.. marsha, gary jewell & company, north carolina thank you so much for rushing my folder order - i received the product this morning and it is just exactly what i needed thanks for the quick response to my request. i look forward to doing business with you in the future. regards, robin, moonlight imaging the closing folders look fabulous! great job!! ginger parnell, bay title insurance, gulf shores, al just wanted to take a moment of your time to thank you for the folders. they are exactly what we were looking for! great job! we will be showing them to the other frandchisees in the area and possibly order more of them. again, thank you for the great job! susan, liberty tax service, west allis, wi thank you for the speed and mannor in which you serviced ssj. it has been a breeze working with you. i will send anyone i know to you. thad hunt, slingshot jets, southfield, mi stay green sprinkles have used company folders for past 3 years because of their ability to deliver high quality products, dedication to their customers and a very rapid delivery. during these past 3 years, company folders has done many projects for stay green sprinklers co. these include making mailers and business cards for the business, creating presentation folders for the company that definitively help us to increase sales. we are very pleased with an outcome and we would highly recommend company folders, inc to your company. david adler, president and staff, southfield, mi wow! thanks for the super service. i got the folders yesterday afternoon. they look perfect for our program. you've been awesome to work with. if only everyone was so easy to deal with :-) the lord will bless you for your kindness. thanks again! rachel karl & rachel, newport, pa hi, i received folders the other day. sorry i have not replied sooner - they look incredible. thank you so much for a job well done! k l campbell, liqui-site designs inc, new-york i am not so great at writing testimonials..... the documents holders turned out wonderful. i was very pleased. i can put a lot in them. thank you. vickie haag, the visitor center, colorado received document folders and they are perfect ann macker, flying dutchmen travel, california your response times have been excellent and your customer service has been great. i want to let you know that i was so impressed with your response time, that i wanted to do the printing with your company as opposed to the company that we had used previously. the brochures we have are great. i really enjoyed the chance to customize them myself! have a great day! jack reidelberger, www.goawaytravel.com, o'fallon, mo got the folders...they look great. thanks for all the help! renee garlock, graphic designer, cuyahoga falls, oh thank you. i let the client know that the folders were somewhere in their facilities. they called me back and confirmed receipt. also, they were very, very pleased with the work. thank you for all you do. regards, frank, 2d studios, los angeles, ca products | ordering | company | testimonials | what’s new | specials | faq 2001-2008 © company folders, inc designed by website design company optimized by michigan seo company powered by seo friendly cms company folders, inc - 248 738-7600 - 3297 orchard lake road, suite 203, keego harbor, mi 48320low printing prices | michigan seo - search engine optimization | conformer expansion folders | legal document folders travel document folders | presentation folders | portfolio envelopes | unique wine gifts | motor city chop shop lenticular image printing