来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20111229212620/https://www.companyfolders.com/testimonials.html
================================================================================

customer's testimonials :: company folders, inc customer's testimonials printing products binders card holders cd & dvd packaging document folders photo holders portfolios presentation folders folder inserts totes & sales boxes more products design services logo design logo reconstruction business card design brochure design corporate identity design post card design presentaton folders design stocks & foils testimonials quotes contact us create an account! email: password: forgot password advanced search signature products presentation folders document folders file folders folder inserts printing products binders brochures business cards card holders cd & dvd packaging document folders door hangers folder inserts greeting cards index tabs mini posters photo holders portfolios post cards presentation folders rack cards report covers sell sheets table tents totes & sales boxes >> more products customer's testimonials thank you. folders arrived yesterday as scheduled and look nice. -- cara d.							(william jewell college) from liberty, mo the folders look great. thanks for all your help. -- rob							(blue water spa) from raleigh, nc just received the folders. thank you so much for your promptness in this matter. i truly appreciate it. the folders look great. -- ilene d.							(ilene davis travels) from highland beach, fl just wanted you to know, we received our travel documents. we are very pleased, it came out very nice. thanks so much for your patience. -- starr							(sunnova travel llc) from n. baldwin, ny we received the order. looks awesome, thanks! -- angela							(the river church community) from san jose, ca the folders look fantastic. -- charles							(crown pointe) from grove, ok just wanted to let you know that we love the folders. everyone is raving on how professional it looks. we will definitely be back for more orders. -- maria							(henley-putnam university) from san jose, ca i got the folders today. they are amazing! -- justin							(the kensington group, llc) from las vegas, nv thank you for the back covers. they look great!!! -- brad							(crescent printing & copying) from bethesda, ma folders came and look spectacular! -- david a.							(loyola law school) from los angeles, ca i received the folders today and the look "fantastic". thanks for your guidance in putting these folders together. -- charles							(villas del lago) from grove, ok just received our folders they are perfect! thank you so much for making it all work! -- katie m. from traverse city, mi i wanted to let you know that we got folders, and we liked them very much. thank you. -- emina							(re/max premier) from delmar, ny i just received the folders and they turned out great. let your staff know they did a fantastic job. -- pete							(aig financial advisors) from walnut creek, ca just wanted to let you know that we received our folders today and they look very good. i appreciate all your patience with me. when we will need to reorder, i will definitely let you know. thank you again and have a happy holiday! -- isa							(riverdale vet dermatology) from riverdale, nj wow!! i have to say i am sooooo impressed with the folders! they are fantastic and i think really classy looking! thank you!! i will let you know if i get any more orders in the future! -- tina							(smart marketing) from naples, fl we received the dvd mailers today, they look great!! -- cassie							(apollo press) from newport news, va got the folders - they look fantastic! -- marissa							(the dimaggio group, inc.) from newport beach, ca we love the folders. thanks! -- michele							(consumers first title company) from coral springs, fl i got the cards yesterday. they look great. we will be making another purchase soon. thanks for all your help! -- ryan							(scorite personal credit consultants) from las vegas, nv the folders looked great! -- amye							(poppy seed design) from montgomery, al i just got the folders from fedex. they look great. thanks! -- megan							(megan matt's teachable moments) from newport beach, ca the folders came and they look great. -- gretchen							(rockford symphony orchestra) from rockford, il the folders just arrived. they look great - thank you! -- erin							(newlands & company, inc) from portland, or sir, the folders are in and they look fantastic. thanks so much! -- angela							(the river church community) from san jose, ca got folders today. they look great!! thanks so much! -- julie							(phil's foreign car service, inc) from kenvil, nj sir, i received the folders today 5 sep. 2007. they are just what i needed and got here just in time since i am bowling tonight. thank you and if i need more later i will contact you. thanks. -- rich b. the small purple folders came and they look wonderful. everyone is so happy with them. because of the great success of these we are ready to make the next order. -- gretchen							(rockford symphony orchestra) from rockford, il we received the folders yesterday and i have to say that they look great! after all that hard work going back and forth and trying to get everything right paid off wonderfully. thank you for all that you did to help us with this and i will be in touch when we need to reorder, hopefully you will still be working at companyfolders.com. i hope you got a chance to see the riverview folders and i hope you thought they looked nice too. i will be in touch. -- jeff							(riverview resort) from south yarmouth, ma the boxes arrived friday. great product. everyone here is pleased. your turn around time was considerably quicker than i expected and i appreciate the time you took to answer questions, etc throughout. we'll be sure to re-order with your company again. -- brent							(janus research group, inc) from evans, ga the folders looked great, thank you for all of your help. -- pat							(southern emblem) from alexandria, la hi, people are still talking about my cool folders i sent them for engagement announcements. pretty soon they'll be making their way to england with everyone with all of their helpful information. thank you so much for your awesome job on them. -- janie from flint, mi we got folders last week! thanks so much, they look great! -- anita							(hebron house of hospitality, inc) from waukesha, wi the folders look wonderful, we will certainly order again. thanks! -- jennifer							(decatur vein clinic) from carmel, in i just got our folders from my front desk receptionist. they look great. -- lisa from fremont, ca thank you for putting up with so much chaos on our end and doing a great job producing our folders. received them march 30th as promised and they look great. thank you! -- jon							(appaloosa journal) from moscow, id we received the folders-they are great. thank you so much for all your help. -- john							(claybar funeral home) from beaumont, tx our file tab folders just arrived and look just like we wanted!!!! thanks for the prompt service. -- constance							(meck & rosborough, llc) from silver spring, md thank you for my folders!!! they are beautiful! i am so excited to send these out! your timing is perfect with sending these as well. i've been slaving over 11 pages of information and magnets to fit inside the folders for my guests. -- janie from flint, mi just wanted to let you know that the custom folders look great!!! thank you so much for your patience with all of the difficulties we had in placing this order. -- lori							(rocky mtn. high spirit competitions) from aurora, co we received the key packets today and they look great! we are very pleased with the work of your company. i appreciate all of your assistance with this task. we'll definitely keep you all in mind for future products. -- amy							(teachers college, columbia university) from new york, ny thank you so much for the huge favor. you are truly a godsend. the folders are going to add the perfect touch to our memorial day program. you have a+ outstanding service. i'll definitely recommend you to anyone i know who may need your services. thanks again!! -- rachel							(karl & rachel) from newport, pa i just wanted you to know that the folders look great!! everyone loved them.. and we have already used a lot... -- marsha							(gary jewell & company) from nc thank you so much for rushing my folder order - i received the product this morning and it is just exactly what i needed. thanks for the quick response to my request. i look forward to doing business with you in the future. -- robin							(moonlight imaging) the closing folders look fabulous! great job!! -- ginger p.							(bay title insurance) from gulf shores, al just wanted to take a moment of your time to thank you for the folders. they are exactly what we were looking for! great job! we will be showing them to the other franchisees in the area and possibly order more of them. again, thank you for the great job! -- susan							(liberty tax service) from west allis, wi thank you for the speed and manner in which you serviced ssj. it has been a breeze working with you. i will send anyone i know to you. -- thad h.							(slingshot jets) from southfield, mi stay green sprinkles have used company folders for past 3 years because of their ability to deliver high quality products, dedication to their customers and a very rapid delivery. during these past 3 years, company folders has done many projects for stay green sprinklers co. these include making mailers and business cards for the business, creating presentation folders for the company that definitively help us to increase sales. we are very pleased with an outcome and we would highly recommend company folders, inc to your company. -- david from southfield, mi wow! thanks for the super service. i got the folders yesterday afternoon. they look perfect for our program. you've been awesome to work with. if only everyone was so easy to deal with :-) the lord will bless you for your kindness. thanks again! -- rachel							(karl & rachel) from newport, pa hi, i received folders the other day. sorry i have not replied sooner - they look incredible. thank you so much for a job well done! -- k l c.							(liqui-site designs inc) from new-york, ny i am not so great at writing..... the documents holders turned out wonderful. i was very pleased. i can put a lot in them. thank you. -- vickie h.							(the visitor center) from co received document folders and they are perfect. -- ann m.							(flying dutchmen travel) from ca your response times have been excellent and your customer service has been great. i want to let you know that i was so impressed with your response time, that i wanted to do the printing with your company as opposed to the company that we had used previously. the brochures we have are great. i really enjoyed the chance to customize them myself! have a great day! -- jack r.							(www.goawaytravel.com) from o'fallon, mo got the folders...they look great. thanks for all the help! -- renee g. from cuyahoga falls, oh thank you. i let the client know that the folders were somewhere in their facilities. they called me back and confirmed receipt. also, they were very, very pleased with the work. thank you for all you do. -- frank							(2d studios) from los angeles, ca the key card folders arrived and look perfect. thanks for your kind attention on our project. -- monica							(the shawnee inn and golf resort) from shawnee on delaware, pa everything looks great. the folders are exactly what we were looking for. thanks!! -- nathan							(elite title, llc) from colorado springs, co folders look great. thank you much amigo. -- josh							(tfc credit corporation) from floral park, ny i just received the folders today, they look great. thanks for all your help. thanks. -- nick							(album creative) from san clemente, ca i just wanted to let you know i received the folders today. they look great! thanks so much for all your help! -- tiffany							(cali cards) from encinitas, ca we got the folders on april 1 (no kidding) and they looked great! our event this past monday was a smashing success! thanks for all your help! -- rocklyn							(mit (oeit)) from cambridge, ma the folders look fabulous.thank you for pushing this job through for us. we will definitely use you again for custom photo folders! -- beth							(fifth avenue digital) from new york, ny just wanted to let you know that a truck pulled up to our door and dropped off a pallet of folders. they are lovely! thank you to you and all who made these.it has been a pleasure doing business with you. if we have future projects, i know how to reach you! thanks. -- julie							(institute for excellence in writing) from atascadero, ca just received the folders as promised.you guys did a great job! thanks so much! -- craig							(michigan aerospace manufacturers assoc) from grand rapids, mi we received the folders last week -- thanks so much. -- janeen							(tfc credit corporation) from san ramon, ca our shipment just arrived, and, for the second time in a row, we are totally impressed with your company. (that's 2 for 2 now.) the quality of your work and the speed of your delivery are exemplary. thank you so much for the great service. we will be sure to recommend your company at any/every time, should the opportunity arise. we would be more than happy to speak to anyone, should you require a professional referral. -- lori							(cameron izard snell) from victoria, bc about us | templates | samples | resources | sitemap | terms of use | privacy policy | faq | acceptable payment methods: © 1999-2010 company folders, inc. - all rights reserved