来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20151223212201/http://www.companyfolders.com/privacy-policy
================================================================================

privacy policy - companyfolders.com get free product samples: go now! login join request quote request sample upload artwork company folders 248-738-7600 all products presentation folders discount folders legal size folders letter size folders small folders one pocket folders 2 pocket folders 3 pocket folders expandable folders tri-fold folders reinforced folders tab folders paper folders plastic folders all folders file folders standard file folders legal file folders pocket file folders expandable file folders photo folders portrait photo folders landscape photo folders certificate folders document holders document folders document sleeves custom designed pre-designed financial document folders insurance document folders legal document folders real estate document folders tax document folders travel document folders vehicle document folders card holders card folders card sleeves certificate folders report covers one-piece report covers two-piece report covers binders no pocket binders 1 pocket binders 2 pocket binders index tabs packaging portfolios cd/dvd packaging presentation boxes accessories brochures business cards stepped inserts portfolios postcards rack cards sell sheets free ups ground shipping expires 3/31 see details » privacy policy at company folders, inc., we respect our customers and understand that you are concerned about privacy. the purpose of this privacy policy is to let you know what kind of information we collect, how we use it, with whom it may be shared, what choices you have regarding our use of your information, and how you may review and change some of the data you provide to us. we are located in the united states and this is a u.s.-based web site. by using this site, you agree to the transfer of your personal information to or within the united states. personal information we may collect various types of personal information from you, depending upon how you use our site. the categories of personal information we collect may include: your first and last name a home or other physical address, including street name and name of a city or town. your e-mail address. your telephone and fax number. if you make a purchase on our site, your credit card number and related information. we may combine the information we collect from you with information we receive from you offline. we may also receive information about you from other sources, including, for example, address update services. we may use the information we collect from and about you for any of the following purposes: to fulfill your requests for products and services; to provide you with targeted offers and advertising on the site; to contact you with information and promotional materials and offers from our company; to contact you; to review site usage and operations; to address problems with the site, our business or our products and services; to protect the security or integrity of the site and our business. non-personal information we, or third-party service providers acting on our behalf, may use cookies or web beacons on our site. a cookie is a small text file that may be stored on the hard drive of your computer when you access the site. a web beacon is an electronic image used to recognize a cookie on your computer when you view a web page. we may use cookies and web beacons to collect non-personal information from you, including your ip address, browser type, the time and length of your visit, the pages of the site you visit and other clickstream data. this information may be used in order to: remember the products in your shopping process; recognize you when you return to the site; improve and personalize your experience on our site; provide you with customized advertising; monitor site usage and analyze the behavior of site visitors. we do not collect any personal information through our use of cookies and web beacons, and we do not combine the non-personal information we collect through them with any of your personal information. you may decline cookies, but by doing so, you may not be able to use certain features on our site. you also may be able to make some web beacons unusable by rejecting cookies. check the "help" menu of your browser to learn how to change your cookie preferences. do we share your information? we may transfer or otherwise disclose information collected from and about you to the following entities for the following purposes: to our service providers, suppliers and business associates, if the disclosure will enable them to fulfill your request for products or services from us for another vendor on our site; to our service providers and business associates, if the disclosure will enable them to perform a business, professional or technical support function for us; to other companies, credit bureaus or government agencies in connection with issues related to fraud, credit or debt collection; as necessary if we believe that there has been a violation of our site terms of use, of the law or of our rights or the rights of any third party; to respond to judicial process and provide information to law enforcement agencies or in connection with an investigation on matters related to public safety, as permitted by law, or otherwise as required by law; if our company or substantially all of its assets are acquired, your personal information may be one of the transferred assets. special notification for california residents individual customers who reside in california and have provided their personal information to the company folders, inc. may request information about our disclosures of certain categories of personal information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes. such requests must be submitted to us in writing at the address below: customer service company folders, inc. 3297 orchard lake rd, suite 203 keego harbor, michigan 48320 usa this request may be made no more than once per calendar year. we reserve our right not to respond to requests submitted other than to the address specified in this paragraph. international customers and users company folders, inc. complies with the us-eu safe harbor framework and us-swiss safe harbor framework as set forth by the us department of commerce regarding the collection, use, and retention of personal information from european union member countries and switzerland. company folders, inc. has certified that it adheres to the safe harbor privacy principles of notice, choice, onward transfer, security, data integrity, access, and enforcement. to learn more about the safe harbor program, and to view our certification page, please visit http://www.export.gov/safeharbor/ children using the site we do not direct the site to, nor do we knowingly collect personal information from children under thirteen. links to third party websites while you are visiting or using the website, you may find links to third party sites. these sites are independent companies not owned or operated by company folders, inc. since they are not own by company folders, inc., their privacy policies will differ from our own. we are not responsible for the information provided on the site nor are we responsible for the information they collect on you. we recommend that you review the privacy policy posted on any site that you may access through our site. website security we maintain reasonable physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards designed to help us protect your personal information against loss, misuse, disclosure and alteration. for example, we use secure socket layer (ssl) technology to encrypt your credit card information when you purchase products through our website. when you establish an account at companyfolders.com, you choose a password to help protect your account information. a password is only as strong as you make it: you should select a unique password and keep it safe. you may change the password as often as you wish by going to “change password” under the section “my account.” communications if you do not want to receive e-mails from company folders about products and services that may be of interest to you, simply indicate this preference by removing the applicable check mark during registration. if you wish to change your preference after you have registered, you can do so by logging into “account setting,” under “my account” and unselect “receive promotions.” you may also request to be added to our do-not-e-mail list, do-not-call list, and/or our do-not-mail list by writing to the address below and indicating your preferences. please be sure to provide your exact name, e-mail address, mailing address and telephone number(s) and the list or lists you would like to be included on (do-not-e-mail, do-not-call, and/or do-not-mail). even if you choose to be placed on one of these lists, we may still communicate with you using any of these methods regarding your use of our website, your orders or your account. deactivate your account you may also request deactivation of your company folders account by contacting customer service at info@companyfolders.com or by writing to the address below and requesting account deactivation. please note that some information may remain in our archived records after your account has been deactivated. contact information and enforcement company folders, inc. uses a self-assessment approach to assure compliance with this privacy policy and periodically verifies that the policy is accurate, comprehensive for the information intended to be covered, prominently displayed, completely implemented and accessible. we encourage interested persons to raise any complaints or concerns using the contact information provided in this section and we will investigate and attempt to resolve any concerns regarding use and disclosure of personal information. privacy complaints by united states & canadian customerscompany folders, inc. commits to resolve complaints about your privacy and our collection or use of your personal information. united states or canadian citizens with inquiries or complaints regarding this privacy policy should first contact company folders, inc. by mail or email. email: privacy@companyfolders.com mail: regarding: privacy policy company folders, inc. 3297 orchard lake rd, suite 203 keego harbor, michigan 48320 if a complaint or dispute cannot be resolved through our internal process, company folders, inc. has further committed to refer unresolved privacy complaints to an independent dispute resolution mechanism, the better business bureau (bbb). if you do not receive timely acknowledgement of your complaint, or if your complaint is not satisfactorily addressed by company folders, inc. you may click here to go directly to bbb website to file your complaint. privacy complaints by european union & swiss customerscompany folders, inc. commits to resolve complaints about your privacy and our collection or use of your personal information in accordance with us-eu and us-swiss safe harbor principles. european union or swiss citizens with inquiries or complaints regarding this privacy policy should first contact company folders, inc. by mail or email. email: privacy@companyfolders.com mail: regarding: privacy policy company folders, inc. 3297 orchard lake rd, suite 203 keego harbor, michigan 48320 if a complaint or dispute cannot be resolved through our internal process, company folders, inc. has further committed to refer unresolved privacy complaints to an independent dispute resolution mechanism, the better business bureau eu safe harbor, operated by the council of better business bureaus, as a third party resolution provider. if you do not receive timely acknowledgment of your complaint or concern, or it is it not satisfactorily addressed by company folders, inc., you may click this link http://www.bbb.org/us/safe-harbor-complaints to file a complaint. privacy policy changes: company folders, inc. may revise this privacy policy from time to time by posting a revised privacy policy on our website. we reserve the right to modify this privacy policy at any time, so please review it frequently. company folders, inc. 3297 orchard lake rd, suite 203keego harbor, michigan 48320 usa last updated: december 1, 2014 subscribe to our blog learn tips & tricks from print experts subscribe rss like us on facebook follow us on twitter circle us on google+ follow us on pinterest company about us our quality our blog reseller program contact us trust lifetime warranty free samples our proofs our clients testimonials design design services design gallery design freebies design templates die cut templates customization die cuts imprint methods paper stocks paper coatings cool extras acceptable payment methods: sitemap | terms of use | privacy policy© 1999-2016 companyfolders.com - all rights reserved questions? feedback? powered by olark live chat software