来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20171223221808/https://www.companyfolders.com/terms-conditions
================================================================================

terms & conditions - companyfolders.com get free product samples: go now! login join request quote request sample upload artwork company folders 248-738-7600 all products presentation folders discount folders legal size folders letter size folders small folders one pocket folders 2 pocket folders 3 pocket folders expandable folders tri-fold folders reinforced folders tab folders paper folders plastic folders all folders file folders standard file folders legal file folders pocket file folders expandable file folders photo folders portrait photo folders landscape photo folders certificate folders document holders document folders document sleeves custom designed pre-designed financial document folders insurance document folders legal document folders real estate document folders tax document folders travel document folders vehicle document folders card holders card folders card sleeves certificate folders report covers one-piece report covers two-piece report covers binders clear view binders easel binders entrapment binders leather like binders paper binders poly binders turned edge binders vinyl binders index tabs packaging portfolios cd/dvd packaging presentation boxes accessories brochures business cards stepped inserts portfolios postcards rack cards sell sheets free ups ground shipping expires 6/30 see details » terms & conditions companyfolders.com (the "website") is brought to you by company folders, inc. ("we" or "us"). by visiting and/or using the website, you fully and unconditionally agree to these terms of use. if you do not agree to these terms of use, please do not visit or use the website. we may revise these terms of use at any time by updating this page. by using the website, you agree to be bound by any such changes.conduct on the site any information that you submit to us or that we collect through the website is subject to our privacy policy, the terms of which are incorporated into these terms of use. if you use any chat room or other community on the website, you must be at least thirteen (13) years old. if you are a convicted sexual predator, you may not use any such website feature. we recommend that minors over age 13 (that is, between ages 13 and 18) obtain their parent's or guardian's permission before sending information about themselves to anyone online. by using the website, you agree not to upload, post, email or otherwise send or transmit any material that: (1) contains viruses or any other computer code, files or programs designed to interrupt, destroy or limit the functionality of any computer software or hardware or telecommunications equipment associated with the website; (2) is abusive, illegal, libelous, defamatory, obscene, threatening, invasive of privacy or publicity rights or otherwise objectionable or which may give rise to liability or violate any law; (3) is in violation of a copyright, trademark or other intellectual property or other right of any person; or (4) requests personally identifiable information. you also agree not to: (1) impersonate any other person while using the website; (2) use the website for any unlawful purpose; or (3) upload commercial content to the website or use the website to solicit others without our express prior written permission. if you choose to upload photographs to the website, by uploading photographs you agree that they: (1) do not contain any copyrighted materials or trademarks that you do not own; and (2) do not depict any individual or feature the voice of any individual other than you unless you have obtained permission from each person depicted or featured in the video. any elements or persons that appear in the photograph, including without limitation, images, music, audio, speech, or other audiovisual materials used must be entirely original, created and performed by the entrant, or be in the public domain. we may, but have no obligation to, remove photographs that use any elements that are not original or in the public domain. use of information you agree that we are free to use any comments, information or ideas contained in any communication you may send to us, without notice, compensation or acknowledgement to you, for any purpose whatsoever, including but not limited to developing, manufacturing and marketing products and services and creating, modifying or improving the website or other products or services. terminationwe reserve the right in our sole discretion to terminate or restrict your use of the website, without notice, for any or no reason, and without liability to you or any third party. copyright the entire content of the website, including but not limited to text, graphics and code, is the property of company folders, inc. copyright 2009 company folders, inc. all rights reserved. we grant you permission to electronically copy and print hard copy portions of the website solely for your own personal, non-commercial use, provided that you do not change or delete any proprietary notices from downloaded or printed materials. any other use, including but not limited to the reproduction, distribution, display or transmission of the website content is strictly prohibited, unless authorized by us in writing. trademarks all trademarks, service marks and trade names of company folders, inc. used on the website are trademarks or registered trademarks of company folders, inc. in the u.s. and/or other countries. they may not be used without our prior express written permission. all other trademarks that appear on the website are the property of their respective owners, who may or may not be affiliated with, connected to or endorsed by us. use of content / materials by submitting or sending your information, artwork, data, text, images, graphics, photos or any other content, you understand that these materials are the sole responsibility of the person from which the materials originated. this means that you are entirely responsible for all content that you use, send, upload, post or transmit to us. company folders is not responsible or liable for any materials you send us. company folders cannot control the materials submitted by its customers and does not guarantee the accuracy, integrity or quality. by submitting or sending materials to company folders, you take responsibility and signify that you are the rightful owner of the material and have the rights to produce any trademark or registered content. company folders will not be held liable for the content or materials its customers choose to print. you also agree that we are free to use any materials you may submit to us (without notice, compensation, or acknowledgement to you) for promoting our company and its products. payments and pricingall payments must be paid in full before services are rendered. the prices listed on the site do not include shipping costs, it is an extra charge. there is a standard trade practice of 10% overs and unders that apply to all orders. prices are subject to change without notice. estimates/quotes are valid for 30 days and can change thereafter. there are no charges for electronic artwork submitted in acceptable programs. for more information contact a company folders representative. returns, refunds and damaged goodsif the product(s) you receive from company folders are defective or arrive in a damaged condition, company folders will reprint and ship them for free as long as you return them to us within 365 days of ordering. to arrange for a return, contact us directly at (248) 738-7600. in certain rare situations and at company folders' discretion, we may refund your money instead of reprinting. to expedite the return process, send an email to our customer support team at info@companyfolders.com with a digital image of the damage or defect, a clear description of the problem, and the number of items affected. in most cases, reprinting of defective items will begin immediately. if we cannot verify the damage over the phone or via e-mail, we may require that the product(s) be shipped to us before reprinting begins. reprinted items will not be shipped until we have received the damaged or defective items. products damaged due to normal wear-and-tear (such as bending and scratching), improper care or abuse will not be replaced or refunded. products that have been stored in improper conditions (including but not limited to temperatures lower than 35 degrees or higher than 100 degrees fahrenheit) will not be replaced or refunded. we reserve the right to deny a return request if we determine that the damage or defect is due to wear-and-tear, improper care or abuse. four color process (cmk) printing may result in small color variations between products; these variations are not considered defects.company folder will not be held liable for errors in a final product caused by any of the following reasons: misspelling, graphics, bleeds, grammar, or punctuation. by submitting/approving your proof to company folders, you agree to the following terms:            “i have verified the layout, artwork, spelling, and any other content are correct. i understand that my project will             print exactly as it appears in the proof, and that i will not be able to make changes after my proof has been             approved. i assume all responsibility for any typographical errors.” order cancellation company folders can cancel an order prior to final proof approval. our customer service department will notify you of any charges that are applied depending on which stage of the process your order is in. if an order is cancelled, you are responsible for charges that have been accumulated including and not limited to proofs, graphic design services, and/or administrative fees. these fees will be subtracted to the amount you have paid. if you have not yet paid, these charges will still be your responsibility to pay for and will be charged to the credit card submitted on your order. minimum cancellation fee is $50.00. shipping and delivery fob factories are located in michigan, california, and wisconsin. not all products are made at all locations. we normally ship ups ground inside the continental u.s. for larger shipments we will use a more economical motor freight. inside deliveries must be indicated and may require additional charges. company folders cannot be responsible for any delay in delivery caused by weather conditions, natural disasters, customs issues, or any other circumstances beyond our control. our shipping times and delivery dates are estimated based upon information provide by the shipping companies. if a shipment is not delivered because of an error made by the customer, we will reship the package with corrected address and charge the customer any additional shipping fees that we incur. if an address correction is needed the customer is responsible for these charges. we will happily split shipment between two different locations at no charge. there is a $24.00 charge for each additional address after that. samples company folders will send out a reasonable amount of free samples to potential clients via ground shipping. not all combinations are available on every sample. we will do our best to provide a sample of the product, stock, and imprint method so you can get a feel for what you are looking to do. samples will be of previous projects we have created. additional charges apply for air shipment of samples warranty disclaimer & liability limit to the fullest extent permissible under applicable law, we present the website "as is" and without any warranty of any kind, whether express, implied or statutory. we specifically disclaim any implied warranties of title, merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose and non-infringement. we assume no liability or responsibility for any errors or omissions on the website; any failures, delays or interruptions in the website's accessibility; any losses or damages arising from the use of the website; or any conduct by other users of the website. we reserve the right to deliver the website in our sole and absolute discretion. some jurisdictions do not allow the disclaimer of implied warranties, so the foregoing may not apply to you. in no event shall company folders, inc., its affiliates, subsidiaries, shareholders, directors, officers, employees or agents be liable (jointly or severally) to you for any special, incidental, indirect or consequential damages arising out of or in connection with the website or these terms of use, on any theory of liability, and whether or not advised of the possibility of damage. some states do not allow the exclusion of certain damages, so the above may not apply to you. if any authority holds any portion of this section to be unenforceable, then liability will be limited to the fullest possible extent permitted by law. indemnification you agree to indemnify, defend and hold company folders, inc., its shareholders, officers, directors, employees and agents harmless from and against any third-party claim or cause of action, including reasonable attorneys fees and court costs, arising, directly or indirectly, in whole or in part, out of your use of the website or your violation of these terms of use, any law or the rights of any third party. electronic notices by using the website, you agree to receive electronic communications from us. you agree that any notice, agreement, disclosure or other communication that we send you electronically will satisfy any legal communication requirements, including that such communications be in writing. third-party links the website may link to sites operated by third parties. however, we have no control over these linked sites, all of which have their own terms of use and data collection practices. these linked sites are only for your convenience, and you access them at your own risk. disputes it is understood that all agreements are made in michigan, any services performed by company folders, inc shall be deemed performed in oakland county, michigan, and any disputes arising there under shall be governed in all respects by michigan law. jurisdiction and venue regarding any disputes arising out of this agreement and the relationship of the parties shall be proper in the michigan state and federal courts general if any provision of these terms of use is held to be invalid or unenforceable, such provision shall be struck, and the remaining provisions shall be enforced. headings are for reference purposes only and in no way define, limit, construe or describe the extent or scope of such provision. our failure to enforce any provision of these terms of use shall not constitute a waiver of that or any other provision. these terms of use set forth the entire understanding and agreement between you and company folders, inc. with respect to the subject matter hereof. date modified april 9, 2015 subscribe to our blog learn tips & tricks from print experts subscribe rss like us on facebook follow us on twitter circle us on google+ follow us on pinterest company about us our quality our blog reseller program contact us trust lifetime warranty free samples our proofs our clients testimonials design design services design gallery design freebies design templates die cut templates customization die cuts imprint methods paper stocks paper coatings cool extras acceptable payment methods: sitemap | terms of use | privacy policy© 1999-2017 companyfolders.com - all rights reserved questions? feedback? powered by olark live chat software