来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20201205234630/https://www.companyfolders.com/blog
================================================================================

blog - company folders, inc. new here? inspiration freebies design templates die cut templates binder templates mockup templates folder cheat sheet binder cheat sheet paper textures blog shop presentation folders file folders photo folders document holders card holders report covers envelopes binders packaging visit our store: shop 200+ folder styles & get free shipping! shop folders company folders > blog case study: design experts work with travel agency to create document holders march 10, 2020 by cf staff leave a comment company overview: fitzgerald travel is a custom travel design consulting business with a focus on european cruises and luxury travel. each of its consultants has more than 20 years of full-service travel experience. product: 9 7/8" x 6" wallet-style document folder with one foil stamped area and one embossed area on uncoated 100lb dark blue linen stock. h1 business card slits on the pocket. square corners two pocket presentation folder with one foil stamped area on uncoated 100lb dark blue … [read more...]case study: advice on printing effects brings custom greeting card to life february 4, 2020 by cf staff leave a comment company overview: cbs62 detroit and cw50 detroit are affiliates of cbs broadcasting, inc. in addition to news and sports, other popular programs featured on the channels include young sheldon, family feud, riverdale, and blue bloods. product: custom printed product with four color process and one embossed area printed on side one of 14pt c1s semi-gloss stock, coated with aqueous soft-touch and spot uv. side two printed with four color process. this is a modification of our custom greeting … [read more...]case study: client helped to overcome design, shipping hurdles october 29, 2019 by cf staff leave a comment company overview: vacca family law group is based in new york city. the firm practices in collaborative divorce, mediation, divorce, separation, child support, property division, spousal support, child custody, prenuptial agreements, and postnuptial agreements. product: square corners two pocket presentation folder with one foil stamped area on uncoated 100lb dark blue linen stock. h2 business card slits on the right pocket. problem: after changing the name of the law firm, the vacca … [read more...]case study: smooth process helps customer restock folder supply july 29, 2019 by cf staff leave a comment company overview: based in st. clair shores, mich., colonial title company was incorporated in 1993. it is a full-service title agency and member of the american land title association and michigan land title association. product: legal size top tab file jacket printed with 1 pms color on uncoated 150lb white tag stock. story: director dorothy debates used about 15,000 document sleeves last year at colonial title company. she uses the folders to store important research documents such … [read more...]case study: customer gets presentation folders printed fast april 16, 2019 by cf staff leave a comment company overview: legit meter, llc provides real-time meter reading for utility companies such as natural gas and electric. the fort wayne, indiana company opened in april 2017. product: 4-color process letter size two pocket folder printed on 12pt c1s white semi-gloss stock. h1 business card slits on the right pocket. problem: lynn rich, owner of legit meter, llc, needed folders to hold the company's sell sheet flyers and brochures in less than a week. story: when lynn rich needed … [read more...]case study: customer finds high-quality folder to match luxury brand february 19, 2019 by cf staff leave a comment company overview swiss crown usa repairs, refurbishes and gives new life to previously-owned rolex watches using high-quality standards. they are based out of chicago and are dedicated to providing a positive customer experience. product metallic gold foil stamped letter size two pocket folder printed on 80lb forest green felt with h1 business card slits on the right pocket. goal swiss crown usa needed a high-quality presentation folder for the company's mailer marketing … [read more...]case study: customer guided through options to create successful design july 24, 2018 by cf staff leave a comment company overview established in 1950, parr insurance agency, inc. is a full-service independent insurance agency servicing crestline, ohio. product original 2 pocket presentation folder printed with four-color process on 14pt c1s white semi-gloss stock, coated with aqueous satin. h1 business card slits on right pocket. goal kimberly sterry of parr insurance agency, inc. needed folders to hold promotional material for presentations and meetings with potential customers. story parr … [read more...]14 beautiful business card slots for presentation folders july 10, 2018 by vladimir gendelman 3 comments when you have a cool-looking business card design and an equally cool two-pocket presentation folder to put it in, the last thing you want to do is just stick it loose inside one of the pockets. instead, stick that sucker right on the presentation folder itself like a badge of honor using folder slits. it's the perfect finishing touch to make your paper folder both functional and fashionable. folders with business card slots when you order from company folders, business card slots are … [read more...]case study: quick, easy process keeps customers coming back june 12, 2018 by cf staff leave a comment company overview established in 1993, the national institute for health care management foundation is a nonprofit, nonpartisan organization dedicated to improving americans' health by developing creative solutions to health care issues. product original 2 pocket presentation folder, printed with four-color process on side 1 of 120lb c2s white gloss stock, coated with aqueous gloss. h2 business card slits on the right pocket. goal kirsten wade, administrative assistant at the national … [read more...]case study: multiple representatives make customer service seamless may 22, 2018 by cf staff leave a comment company overview freevipquote insurance has provided comprehensive insurance (including specialty and hard-to-place insurance) in illinois and wisconsin since 2009. product 4-color process letter size two pocket folder, side 1 printed with four-color process on 14pt c1s white semi-gloss stock, coated with aqueous gloss and h4 business card slits on the left pocket. goal oscar g. castillo, independent insurance advisor at freevipquote insurance, needed custom-printed presentation folders … [read more...]case study: customer finds stock color matching their brand only at company folders march 20, 2018 by cf staff leave a comment company overview founded in 1865, lehigh university is a private residential research university in bethlehem, pennsylvania consisting of four colleges. more than 5,000 undergraduate students and nearly 2,000 graduate students attend the school. product foil stamped letter size two pocket folder with 1 foil stamped area on uncoated 100lb mahogany smooth linen stock and h1 business card slits on the right pocket. goal emily groff, director of communications and marketing at lehigh … [read more...]the 26 best envelopes (and where to buy them) march 6, 2018 by vladimir gendelman 1 comment the way something is packaged has a major effect on the person receiving it. you'd never give someone a loose birthday card without putting it in a nice-looking envelope, particularly if you expect it to be mailed. it's especially popular for businesses to print envelopes with a custom design when they want to put forth a professional image. envelopes do much more than ensure your mail reaches its destination—they let people know that you care about the presentation of your message. whether … [read more...]case study: customer’s vision brought to life with extra help february 13, 2018 by cf staff leave a comment company overview rowdydow bbq was founded in 2007. it provides barbecue pulled pork and brisket to restaurants, chefs and other distributors. it is also a major provider of barbecue to the u.s. military. product small & vertical pocket presentation folder with four-color process printing on both sides of 12pt c2s white semi-gloss stock, coated with aqueous matte and h4 business card slits on the left pocket. problem product artwork was not print-ready because the resolution was … [read more...]case study: prompt, easy service wows customer january 9, 2018 by cf staff leave a comment company overview established in 1919, unc kenan-flagler business school is home to more than 2,700 students in its undergraduate business, mba, emba, mac and phd programs and 5,500 executives in non-degree programs. it has 121 full-time faculty from 20 countries in seven academic departments. product center pocket gatefold presentation folder with 1 pms color using light coverage, printed on side 1 of 16pt c2s white semi-gloss stock, coated with aqueous gloss goal kelsey furr, … [read more...]102 incredibly cool binder design ideas january 2, 2018 by vladimir gendelman leave a comment when you were a child in school, did you ever own a binder decorated with cute stickers, doodles or the name of your secret crush? that same desire to personalize our materials has followed us into adulthood, but in a more sophisticated way. professional custom binder designs allow companies and organizations to creatively reinforce their brand identity, present their concepts and showcase their products. if you're looking for binder design ideas (and want something more impressive than your … [read more...]case study: going the extra mile to solve problems november 28, 2017 by cf staff leave a comment company overview premium seats usa is a licensed ticket and hospitality agency that features an online ticket exchange for a wide range of events, including sports, concerts and theater. travel, vip and fan experience packages are also available. product 4" x 9 1/4" four-pocket small presentation folders featuring a four-color process design on 12pt. semi-gloss c1s stock. problem damage occurred during shipping crushed the corners of the boxes, which bent the corners of the … [read more...]24 coolest famous movie posters of all time july 18, 2017 by kris moore 9 comments we recently rounded up some of the worst movie posters of all time to show you what not to do when you tackle a design project. with many designers already questioning whether the future of movie posters is in jeopardy, our blog seemed like further proof that this art form is on its last legs. but movie posters are just like any other print design. where some do less than impress, others shine brightly like a homing beacon, calling designers to a higher standard. these are the kind of … [read more...]33 easy ways to motivate your creative employees november 29, 2016 by vladimir gendelman 8 comments we hate to break it to you, but 70% of your employees are disengaged—probably right this very minute. and did we mention they're wasting your money? unmotivated employees cost american companies $350 billion in lost revenue every year. to save yourself money—and a lot of headaches—you have to know how to motivate your employees. but that's a tricky thing to do when you're dealing with creative workers, because you can't force creativity out of someone. that's why we're here to teach you the … [read more...]how to design the perfect business logo (infographic) november 4, 2016 by vladimir gendelman 23 comments a logo is more than just a pretty image for customers to look at while they use a product or service. it's the face of an entire brand, a symbol that determines how people feel about that particular company. for example, if a restaurant's logo is cold and unappetizing, potential customers are going to associate that image with their food. so what sort of ingredients do you need to cook up a tasty, irresistible logo? this infographic will provide you with tips and ideas related to each of the … [read more...]11 employee perks to attract top creative talent october 4, 2016 by vladimir gendelman 1 comment free cafeterias. unlimited vacation. extended parental leave. we all fantasize about such amazing workplace benefits, but most of us haven't experienced them yet. that fantasy is coming to life more and more. recently, we've seen employers stepping up their incentives game to attract and keep top talent. already companies like google and facebook are famous for innovative employee perks and workspaces that look more like playgrounds than massive tech companies. top brands offer … [read more...]22+ graphic design interview tips: common questions & best answers august 18, 2016 by vladimir gendelman 14 comments on the surface, a graphic design job interview should be easy. after all, you're talking about the subject you know the most about—yourself. but when anxiety, pressure and nerves get in the way, you might give answers that don't exactly paint a lovely picture of you as an employee. while there's no miracle cure for being nervous, it helps to make sure you're prepared for any question the interviewer throws at you. we've compiled a list of some of the most common questions that graphic … [read more...]12 tips to design the perfect business card february 2, 2016 by vladimir gendelman 17 comments of the 27,397,260 business cards printed every day, 88% will be thrown out in less than a week. but that doesn't happen because business cards are ineffective as a marketing medium. in fact, it only takes 2,000 business cards to increase a company's sales by nearly 3%. that's a shockingly high return for just one marketing resource. so why do so many cards end up in the garbage? the fact is, a lot of business cards have crummy designs. no one wants to hold on to something that looks and … [read more...]how to print like a pro: understanding double-sided printing january 12, 2016 by vladimir gendelman 2 comments you're ready to select print options for your new marketing supplies. but every time you pick something out, it won't work. the printer says the stock isn't compatible with the imprint method, or you can only coat side 1 of your design, not side 2. that would be fine, except that you're trying to order folders—which obviously have more than two sides. the printer isn't much help, either; they're just babbling on in their techy jargon, which sounds like it's just a bunch of made-up words. … [read more...]how to create a personal logo that makes your friends jealous november 10, 2015 by vladimir gendelman 9 comments creating a personal logo is the easiest task you'll ever undertake as a graphic designer—and the hardest. the good news is, you can be as free and expressive as you like. after all, you are the brand in this scenario, which means you know more about it than any other client that you'll design for. but that means expectations are high, and the pressure is on. as a graphic designer, your logo isn't just the centerpiece of your brand identity; it also doubles as a sort of portfolio piece that … [read more...]31 techniques for creative two-letter logos october 13, 2015 by vladimir gendelman 2 comments letters are very strange creatures. they're the building blocks of our entire system of written communication, but when you get right down to it, they're really just pictures. they deliver a direct message to the reader, but they're also visual elements that can vary in color, shape and personality. this makes them especially popular when it comes to the look of a company's logo; just a couple letters can convey a world of meaning. but it also makes them very tricky to work with. though it … [read more...]200+ cool personal logo designs for inspiration september 29, 2015 by vladimir gendelman 3 comments when a client's corporate brand and personal name are one and the same, you're not just designing a logo for the company. it represents the individual behind the brand. one wrong move could tarnish your client's name—literally. the best personal logo designs turn an individual's name into a cohesive brand identity (instead of just something their parents picked for them when they were born). to get you inspired, we're sharing some of the best examples of personal logos. you can browse them … [read more...]how to use the golden ratio to create gorgeous graphic designs september 15, 2015 by vladimir gendelman 8 comments want to be on the same creative level as leonardo da vinci, salvador dali and the designers of the parthenon? they all have one simple concept in common. the ancient greeks were one of the first to discover a way to harness the beautiful asymmetry found in plants, animals, insects and other natural structures. they expressed this mathematical phenomenon with the greek letter phi, but today, we call it the golden ratio—also known as the divine proportion, the golden mean, and the golden … [read more...]15 easy tips for cropping photos like a pro september 1, 2015 by vladimir gendelman 3 comments if you think that cropping a photo is just as simple as cutting it down to the size you need for your print layout, then you're missing out on all that the crop tool has to offer. think of the crop tool as an invisible frame that draws the eye towards the most important aspects of your photo. making the right cuts in your photo can have a drastic impact on the visuals and can even manipulate the way the audience engages with it emotionally. if cropping has only been an afterthought in your … [read more...]create a realistic emboss/deboss effect in photoshop (tutorial) august 27, 2015 by vladimir gendelman 9 comments the coolest thing about embossing and debossing is that it's completely exclusive to printed paper. you'll never see a truly "embossed" imprint on a web image—but that makes it difficult when you want to show off your embossed print design on a computer screen. in the following tutorial, we'll show you how to use a simple photoshop technique to create embossed and debossed effects that look so much like the real thing, nobody will be able to tell the difference. we'll be applying the … [read more...]how to slim a face in photoshop with just a few easy steps (tutorial) august 18, 2015 by vladimir gendelman 6 comments ever hear the phrase "the camera adds ten pounds?" any number of things can go wrong during a photo shoot and make the subject look heavier than they actually are. maybe the lighting was off, the angle was bad, or the subject's posture was unflattering. but there's a simple way to fix those mistakes and bring out your subject's natural beauty. there's nothing we hate more than when designers reinforce unrealistic body expectations by using photoshop to slim down models until they look nothing … [read more...]how to turn a photo into a beautiful painting in photoshop (tutorial) august 4, 2015 by vladimir gendelman 1 comment the best thing about photoshop is that it allows you to do things in a few minutes that would normally take hours or days to complete. case in point: instead of spending half a lifetime painting a picture, you can use adobe photoshop to make a photograph look like a hand-painted masterpiece in minutes. converting a photo into a painting takes more than just using photoshop's default tools. you need a variety of filters, brushes and design techniques to actually make it look realistic. … [read more...]how to use the rule of thirds effortlessly july 21, 2015 by vladimir gendelman 4 comments if you were one of those students who loved art classes but hated math, it was probably a shock to the system when you found out just how much math you'd end up using as a professional designer. in fact, math skills are absolutely essential for print design—at the very least, you need to know how to measure out your bleed area and understand the physical size of your canvas. but if you're willing to understand more than just the mathematical basics, you can use those numbers and measurements … [read more...]13 tips for avoiding a font kerning disaster july 7, 2015 by vladimir gendelman 3 comments we all have those things that just make us cringe with agony. nails on a chalkboard, aluminum foil touching your fillings—or if you’re a print designer, bad kerning mistakes. when letters are improperly spaced, it can ruin the look of your design. the worst kerning is usually the result of not kerning at all, trusting that the typographer and your graphic design software both know what they’re doing. a lot of times you get lucky—but there’s no reason to leave the success of your design up to … [read more...]14 ways to be the worst person on your graphic design team june 23, 2015 by vladimir gendelman leave a comment when you're working with other graphic designers, it's easy for personalities to clash. when some jerk doesn't put in the work or is unpleasant to work with, it can sour the relationship and poison the project. today, we're going to teach you how to be that jerk. sure, collaborating on a graphic design project can open you up to new perspectives, help you learn new skills, expand your networking capabilities and increase your creative output potential—but why grow as a graphic designer … [read more...]the 10 best (and absolute worst) logo redesigns june 9, 2015 by vladimir gendelman 7 comments when big name brands redesign their logos, the world takes notice because it means that something about our shared culture has changed—it reminds us that the world is changing around us. that can be a scary thing for people, so when popular brands successfully create a great new logo, we sit up and take notice … and when they fail, we notice it even more. we rounded up examples of the worst logo redesign failures and the best “wins” from the last couple years to show you the how to handle a … [read more...]500+ stunningly cool photoshop brush set downloads may 26, 2015 by vladimir gendelman leave a comment adobe photoshop has completely redefined the word "brush" as we know it. though the program comes preloaded with an assortment of different brush tools designed to simulate regular art utensils, the photoshop brushes you download elsewhere don't have to act as "brushes" at all—and they rarely do. stamps, clipart, textures, illustrations, vectors, photographs—anything can become a photoshop brush. in fact, the image above was composed almost entirely from photoshop brushes. this makes … [read more...]107 incredible postcard designs to inspire your creativity may 12, 2015 by vladimir gendelman 2 comments there's one little secret every print designer needs to know: with the right design, postcards are arguably the most effective form of print marketing for businesses. people don't throw them away as often as other direct mail, and the most creative postcards live on as collectible artwork. many of us hang them on the fridge, display them on memory boards or paste them into scrapbooks. when designing custom postcards for your clients, keep this "second life" in mind and strive to create … [read more...]69 enchantingly elegant photoshop brushes april 28, 2015 by vladimir gendelman 3 comments somewhere along the way, the human race evolved to have an innate fondness for anything in a pretty package. we adorn our gifts with ribbons and paper, we fill our homes with objects that serve no other purpose than looking nice-and of course, we beautify our designs with elegant ornaments. this collection of elegant adobe photoshop brushes (most of which are completely free) will give your designs that extra touch of class to help enhance and elevate the message and brand. there's no shame … [read more...]the 23 worst movie posters (and the design lessons they teach) april 14, 2015 by vladimir gendelman 8 comments want to see some of the worst print graphic design you'll ever encounter in your life? just take a trip to your nearest cinema. movie studios put so much money into promoting their products that we hold their marketing to a higher standard than practically any other form of print media. as a culture, we cannot abide bad movie posters. but when movie posters fail, they fail hard. even a huge, multi-million dollar movie can somehow end up with a poster that looks like it was photoshopped by a … [read more...]how to fire your design clients the right way march 31, 2015 by vladimir gendelman 1 comment letting go of a graphic design client is a lot like breaking up with a boyfriend or girlfriend; it's not exactly pleasant, and it might even be someone you actually like, but sometimes it just has to be done. breaking off a professional relationship nicely is a delicate operation, and chances are you don't have an hr department to rely on, so this responsibility falls directly on your shoulders. if it's time to say goodbye to your client, you can reduce stress and discomfort by taking steps … [read more...]image file types explained: which format should you use? march 17, 2015 by vladimir gendelman 6 comments you're finally done with your design project, you go to save your file, and suddenly you're bombarded with over a dozen possible image file types to choose from. it can be a bewildering experience if you're not sure what you're doing or the difference between them, but we're here to demystify the process for you by helping you understand the cold, hard truth: there are only a handful of image formats that really matter. now, before you die of shock and outrage, we'll fully admit—there … [read more...]25 famous company logos & their hidden meanings march 3, 2015 by vladimir gendelman 11 comments we see them every day—in our homes, on tv, out in the street. they're the famous logos of the brands we've come to know and love. these logos not only accurately represent the famous brands they're attached to, they've become a part of our shared pop culture. heck, someone even made a short film with logos and mascots comprising all of the characters, props and scenery. logos are practically enshrined by our society, and yet they were designed by people just like any other piece of graphic … [read more...]font psychology: how typefaces hack our brains february 17, 2015 by vladimir gendelman 7 comments when we listed our choices for the worst fonts ever, we were surprised to find out that many of you disagreed with some of our selections. we received several comments from readers who saw value in the fonts that we ridiculed or thought we had unfairly judged some of the fonts we selected. but it's something we should have expected—after all, that's the power that fonts have on people. just the act of looking at a certain font face can involuntarily stir up powerful emotions or instill a … [read more...]79 artistic brushes for photoshop that simulate real art tools february 3, 2015 by vladimir gendelman 1 comment contrary to popular belief, photoshop isn't just for editing photos. it's also a tool for designers who like to create art from scratch. using the virtual art tools provided by the program, a skilled artist can craft amazing images and designs with or without the use of a pen tablet. but for many designers, the tools that photoshop provides are not enough. fortunately, these artistic brushes for photoshop are the next best thing to using an actual paintbrush, pencil, or other art tool. every … [read more...]93 outstanding rack card design examples january 20, 2015 by vladimir gendelman 3 comments if a business card and a brochure had a baby, that baby would look exactly like a rack card. rack cards are the best of both worlds, displaying an array of information through a medium that's portable and fits neatly into the racks found in hotels, travel centers, rest stops, convenience stores, waiting rooms, reception desks–basically any place that gets a lot of foot traffic. this poses a unique design challenge you won't find in any other print media. rack cards are usually found amongst … [read more...]« older posts0_1676_0 subscribe rss blog topics case study print design business tutorials design tips product guides presentation folders 101 custom binders 101 custom report covers 101 popular posts 55 ridiculously cool photoshop text effect tutorials how to design the perfect business logo (infographic) 22+ graphic design interview tips: common questions & best answers 83 graphic design portfolio websites guaranteed to draw attention adobe illustrator vs. photoshop vs. indesign – print design guide about us we are the standard bearer of online folder printing delivering absolute quality infused with the design knowledge of an advertising agency.learn more email newsletter sign up to receive email updates and to hear what's going on with our company! design services with the help of our talented designers, you can grab your audience’s attention by presenting your materials in professionally designed folders. learn more return to top of page copyright © 2020 companyfolders.com terms of use | privacy policy