来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20211209142132/https://www.companyfolders.com/terms-conditions
================================================================================

terms & conditions - companyfolders.com get free product samples: go now! login join request quote request sample upload artwork company folders 248-738-7600 all products presentation folders discount folders legal size folders letter size folders small folders one pocket folders 2 pocket folders 3 pocket folders expandable folders tri-fold folders reinforced folders tab folders paper folders plastic folders all folders file folders standard file folders legal file folders pocket file folders expandable file folders photo folders portrait photo folders landscape photo folders certificate folders document holders document folders document sleeves card holders card folders card sleeves certificate folders gift card holders key card holders report covers one-piece report covers two-piece report covers binders clear view binders easel binders entrapment binders leather like binders paper binders poly binders turned edge binders vinyl binders index tabs packaging envelopes portfolios cd/dvd packaging presentation boxes accessories belly bands brochures business cards greeting & note cards portfolios postcards rack cards sell sheets statement stuffers stepped inserts get free ups ground shipping expires 10/31 see details » terms & conditions companyfolders.com (the "website") is brought to you by company folders, inc ("we" or "us"). by visiting and/or using the website, you ("customer(s)" or "client(s)") or fully and unconditionally agree to these terms and conditions ("tac"). if you do not agree to these tac, please do not visit or use the website. we may revise these tac at any time by updating this page. by using the website, you agree to be bound by any such changes. conduct on the site any information that you submit to us or that we collect through the website is subject to our privacy policy, the terms of which are incorporated into these tac. if you use any chat room or other community on the website, you must be at least thirteen (13) years old. if you are a convicted sexual predator, you may not use any such website feature. we recommend that minors over the age of 13 (that is, between ages 13 and 18) obtain their parents' or guardians' permission before sending information about themselves to anyone online. by using the website, you agree not to upload, post, email, or otherwise send or transmit any material that: (1) contains viruses or any other computer code, files, or programs designed to interrupt, destroy, or limit the functionality of any computer software, or hardware, or telecommunications equipment associated with the website; (2) is abusive, illegal, libelous, defamatory, obscene, threatening, invasive of privacy or publicity rights, or otherwise objectionable or which may give rise to liability or violate any law; (3) is in violation of a copyright, trademark or other intellectual property, or other right of any person; or (4) requests personally identifiable information. you also agree not to: (1) impersonate any other person while using the website; (2) use the website for any unlawful purpose; or (3) upload commercial content to the website or use the website to solicit others without our express prior written permission. if you choose to upload photographs to the website, by uploading photographs you agree that they: (1) do not contain any copyrighted materials or trademarks that you do not own; and (2) do not depict any individual or feature the voice of any individual other than you, unless you have obtained permission from each person depicted or featured in the video. any elements or persons that appear in the photograph, including without limitation, images, music, audio, speech, or other audiovisual materials used must be entirely original, created and performed by the entrant, or be in the public domain. we may, but have no obligation to, remove photographs that use any elements that are not original or in the public domain. use of information you agree that we are free to use any comments, information, or ideas contained in any communication you may send to us, without notice, compensation, or acknowledgment to you, for any purpose whatsoever, including but not limited to developing, manufacturing and marketing products and services, and creating, modifying, or improving the website or other products or services. termination & restrictionscompany folders, inc reserves the right to modify or discontinue, temporarily or permanently, any or all of the services or products we provide without notifying you. further, company folders, inc may, without notice, terminate your account (or any part) or your use of our products and services, and remove and discard any of your content at any time for any reason or no reason. possible triggers for such termination of services include, without limitation, your failure to regularly use the service, your violation of these tac, or changes in the strategic business plans of company folders, inc. company folders, inc shall not be liable to you for any loss or damage you or any third party may suffer due to any modification, suspension, termination, or discontinuance of the products and services. copyright the entire content of the website, including but not limited to text, graphics, and code, is the property of company folders, inc copyright 2019 company folders, inc all rights reserved. we grant you permission to electronically copy and print hard copy portions of the website solely for your own personal, non-commercial use, provided that you do not change or delete any proprietary notices from downloaded or printed materials. any other use, including but not limited to the reproduction, distribution, display, or transmission of the website content is strictly prohibited, unless authorized by us in writing. trademarks all trademarks, service marks and trade names of company folders, inc used on the website or other electronic communications are trademarks or registered trademarks of company folders, inc in the u.s. and/or other countries. they may not be used without our prior express written permission. all other trademarks that appear on the website or any other electronic communications are the property of their respective owners, who may or may not be affiliated with, connected to, or endorsed by us. use of content / materials by submitting or sending your information, artwork, data, text, images, graphics, photos, or any other content, you understand that these materials are the sole responsibility of the person from which the materials originated. this means that you are entirely responsible for all content that you use, send, upload, post, or transmit to us. company folders, inc is not responsible or liable for any materials you send us. company folders cannot control the materials submitted by its customers and does not guarantee the accuracy, integrity, or quality. by submitting or sending materials to company folders, inc, you take responsibility and signify that you are the rightful owner of the material and have the right to produce any trademark or registered content. company folders, inc will not be held liable for the content or materials its customers choose to print or have us design. you also agree that we are free to use any materials you submit to us (without notice, compensation, or acknowledgment to you) for promoting our company and its products and services. payments and pricingall payments must be paid in full before services are rendered. the prices listed on the website or other electronic communications may not include shipping costs; it is an extra charge. prices are subject to change without notice. estimates/quotes are valid for 30 days and can change thereafter. for promotional products purchased on promo.companyfolders.com, we do our best to ship exact quantity order. there are times when the quantity of products shipped could vary by up to 10% over or under the quantity requested – this is an industry standard. for overs, the client will be charged the additional cost of those products before products are shipped. for unders, we will refund the difference within two weeks from date shipped.returns, refunds, and damaged goodsall warranties provided begin the date product was ordered. depending on product's warranty, you have 90 days, 365 days, or lifetime to submit your claim. if the product(s) you receive from company folders, inc are defective or arrives in a damaged condition, we will reprint and ship it for free or offer you a refund. it is at company folders, inc's discretion whether you receive replacements or a refund. to arrange for a return, contact us directly at (248) 738-7600. to expedite the return process, send an email to our customer support team at info@companyfolders.com with digital image(s) of the damage or defect, a clear description of the problem, and the number of items affected. in most cases, reprinting of defective items will begin immediately. if we cannot verify the damage over the phone or via e-mail, we may require that the product(s) be shipped to us before reprinting begins. reprinted items will ship when we receive damaged or defective items. products damaged due to normal wear-and-tear (such as bending and scratching), improper care or abuse will not be replaced or refunded. products that have been stored in improper conditions (including but not limited to temperatures lower than 35 degrees or higher than 100 degrees fahrenheit) will not be replaced or refunded. we reserve the right to deny a return request if we determine that the damage or defect is due to wear-and-tear, improper care, or abuse. items not considered defects: shifts in print colors when converting color(s) from rgb to four color process (cmyk), from rgb to pantone® matching system (pms) color, from cmyk to pms color, or from pms color to cmyk. cmyk printing may result in small color variations between products. colors displayed in rgb (including our pdf proofs) will not match the colors printed using cmyk or pms. coatings applied to the product will alter the cmyk colors or pms colors. this may result in magnifying the imperfections in the darker ink colors. ink colors will appear differently when printing on coated vs uncoated stock. this is an important issue when printing on both sides of a coated one sided (c1s) stock. the ink color(s) applied to the coated vs uncoated side will be noticeably different. slight folding or cutting variations within industry standard tolerances. company folders, inc will not be held liable for errors in a final product caused by any of the following reasons: client selecting the wrong product, wrong product options, or wrong quantity. client supplying the wrong artwork files or a file containing wrong or missing elements including logos, images, and writing. artwork containing misspelling, bad grammar, or poor punctuation. any disclosure or notification of a problem or potential problem provided to you pertaining to your order, product, and artwork. order cancellation clients can cancel an order. our print project team will notify you of any charges that are applied depending on which stage of the process your order is in. if an order is canceled, you are responsible for charges that have been accumulated, including and not limited to proofs, graphic design services, and/or administrative fees. these fees will be subtracted from the amount you have paid. if you have not yet paid, these charges will still be your responsibility to pay and will be charged to the credit card submitted on your order.shipping and delivery fob factories are located in michigan, north carolina, indiana, and others. we normally ship ups ground inside the continental u.s. for larger shipments, we will use a more economical motor freight. inside deliveries must be indicated and may require additional charges. company folders, inc cannot be responsible for any delay in delivery caused by weather conditions, natural disasters, customs issues, or any other circumstances beyond our control. our shipping times and delivery dates are estimated based upon information provided by the shipping companies. if a shipment is not delivered because of an error made by the customer, we will reship the package with the corrected address and charge the customer any additional shipping fees that we incur. if an address correction is needed, the customer is responsible for these charges. we will happily split the shipment between two different locations at no charge. there is a $15.00 charge for each additional address after the first two locations. samples company folders, inc will send out a reasonable amount of free samples to potential clients via ground shipping. not all option combinations are available on every sample. we will do our best to provide a sample of the product, stock, and imprint method so you can get a feel for what you are looking to do. samples will be of previous projects we have created. additional shipping charges apply for air shipment on products from companyfolders.com site and for all shipments on products from promo.companyfolders.com site. design servicesin addition to the terms laid out in this document, design services has additional conditions as follows. company folders, inc reserves the right to refuse to accept a design services order/project or to cancel a design services order prior to completion at any time for any reason. all design services delivery times are estimates, as it can vary based on the project/order. company folders, inc is not responsible for any late design service orders that may impact your project timeline and/or printing. our logo design services do not include any legal advice or assistance to you regarding a logo, which includes its usage or trademarks. it is solely your responsibility to determine if the logo is suitable for use and /or distribution. warranty disclaimerthe website and its content are provided "as is" without warranty of any kind, either expressed or implied, including, but not limited to, warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, or non-infringement. you acknowledge that operation of the website may not be uninterrupted or error-free. while we make reasonable efforts to accurately display the attributes of products, we do not warrant that product descriptions are accurate, reliable, and error-free. references and links to products or services of independent companies may appear on the website. these references and links are provided "as is" without warranty of any kind, either expressed or implied. limitation of liabilityin no event shall company folders or its licensors, suppliers, vendors, officers, directors, employees, or agents, be liable for any special, incidental, indirect, or consequential damages of any kind, or for any damages whatsoever resulting from loss of use, data, or profits, whether or not company folders, inc has been advised of the possibility of damage, arising out of or in connection with the use or performance of the website or products or services sold thereon, or of failure to provide products or services that you order from company folders, inc or its affiliates, including without limitation, damages arising from mistake, omission, virus, delay, or interruption of service. in no event shall company folders inc be liable or responsible for any damages or consequences arising from or related to your inappropriate or unauthorized use of this website or its content or our supplied products or services. indemnification you agree to indemnify, defend, and hold company folders, inc, its shareholders, officers, directors, employees, and agents harmless from and against any third-party claim or cause of action, including reasonable attorneys' fees and court costs, arising, directly or indirectly, in whole or in part, out of your use of the website or your violation of these tac, any law or the rights of any third party. electronic notices by using the website, you agree to receive electronic communications from us. you agree that any notice, agreement, disclosure, or other communication we send you electronically will satisfy any legal communication requirements, including that such communications be in writing. third-party links the website may link to sites operated by third parties. however, we have no control over these linked sites, all of which have their own terms of use and data collection practices. these linked sites are only for your convenience, and you access them at your own risk. disputes it is understood that all agreements are made in michigan, any services performed by company folders, inc shall be deemed performed in oakland county, michigan, and any disputes arising thereunder shall be governed in all respects by michigan law. jurisdiction and venue regarding any disputes arising out of this agreement and the relationship of the parties shall be proper in the michigan state and federal courts general if any provision of these tac is held to be invalid or unenforceable, such provision shall be struck, and the remaining provisions shall be enforced. headings are for reference purposes only and in no way define, limit, construe, or describe the extent or scope of such provision. our failure to enforce any provision of these tac shall not constitute a waiver of that or any other provision. these tac set forth the entire understanding and agreement between you and company folders, inc with respect to the subject matter hereof. date modified april 24, 2020 subscribe to our blog learn tips & tricks from print experts subscribe rss like us on facebook follow us on twitter follow us on pinterest company about us our quality our blog reseller program contact us trust free samples shipping protection our proofs our clients testimonials design design services design gallery design freebies design templates die cut templates customization die cuts imprint methods paper stocks paper coatings cool extras sitemap | terms of use | privacy policy | replacements & refunds© 1999-2021 companyfolders.com - all rights reserved acceptable payment methods: