来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20141226145617/http://www.benq.us/
================================================================================

benq usa products projectors accessories & apps monitors digital signage b2b business education news support dealers downloads faqs product repair recycling contact us benq store blog about benq corporate introduction the brand benq group global offices corporate social responsibility about benq america benq america careers site map privacy policy cookie policy virtual patent marking united states - english compare list(0) view later(0) news    | previous version of benq.us    | united states - english | main menu top menu benq products projectors business education home entertainment portable accessories & apps interactive kits projector lamps android ios monitors gaming business screen size 27 24 22 series xl rl pg bl ew vw gw gl g zeroflicker low blue light digital signage screen size 42" 46" 55" 65" 70" 84" series il series p series t & tl series rp series touch interactive super narrow bezel b2b business education support dealers downloads faqs product repair recycling contact us benq store blog about benq corporate introduction the brand benq group global offices corporate social responsibility about benq america benq america careers compare list(0) view later(0) read more read more benq wireless business projectors wireless projection that brings confidence and flexibility benq wireless business projectors wireless projection that brings confidence and flexibility benq wireless business projectormw663 read more benq digital signage display super narrow bezel series the ultra-narrow 5.3mm distance between two adjacent active screens is perfect for seamless video wall. benq digital signage display super narrow bezel series the ultra-narrow 5.3mm distance between two adjacent active screens is perfect for seamless video wall. read more home theater twice as big as big-screen tv home theater twice as big as big-screen tv home theater twice as big as big-screen tv during the battle every second counts you can only rely on your skills and gear benq professional gaming monitors xl series ultimate choice for unrivaled victory benq wireless business projectors wireless projection that brings confidence and flexibility benq wireless business projectors wireless projection that brings confidence and flexibility benq wireless business projector mw663 benq digital signage display super narrow bezel series the ultra-narrow 5.3mm distance between two adjacent active screens is perfect for seamless video wall. benq digital signage display super narrow bezel series the ultra-narrow 5.3mm distance between two adjacent active screens is perfect for seamless video wall. home entertainment education products business products gaming monitors pro graphics monitors videos interview with evil geniuses gamer - pobelter our #benqgirl interviews professional gamer pobelter (of evil geniuses) on how he got his start in gaming. he also takes time to discuss the newly released benq gaming monitor, the rl2460ht on why the features are crucial to being successful in the gaming community. bl2710 cad/cam monitor demo video benq's bl2710pt, the first wqhd monitor tailored for cad/cam, is the ultimate solution carefully designed to meet the demands of every professional working with visually intense digital design, 3d or other high image quality software applications. pro gaming tips with grubby "find the equipment best for me, looks the best that somehow makes me more comfortable, more able to play it to a better shape even it’s for one percent” said grubby. hot products xl2720t, the ultimate domination the xl2720t is a high-performance gaming monitor suited for fps game play. co-designed with counter-strike legends, the 120hz, 27”w, 3d-ready led monitor gives gamers a competitive edge with features like the black equalizer, s switch, fps mode,display mode, smart scaling, 1ms gtg, and 12m:1 dcr. w1080st, big enjoyment for small spaces enjoy a 1080p full-hd home theater experience even in a smaller room with the short throw w1080st. enjoy vibrant video with a 10,000:1 high contrast ratio and the brightness of a 2000 lumen brightness. ph460, as close as it gets the unbelievably thin bezel on benq high brightness ph460 makes the viewing experience unbeatable. virtually invisible at a distance, the ultra-narrow 5.4mm distance from a bezel edge to the adjacent one in addition to the 10x10 array capability is perfect for seamless video walls. news benq unveils world’s first professional photography monitor costa mesa, calif. — dec. 18, 2014 — benq america corp., an internationally renowned digital lifestyle solutions provider and led monitor expert, today introduced its all-new sw2401pt photography monitor.featuring a 24-inch qhd display, 99-percent adobe rgb color space, and ips technology, benq’s latest addition to its creative design monitor seriescombines a selection of high-end features for incredibly reliable color accuracy, fidelity consistency, and seamless compatibility with today’s dslr cameras. designed to facilitate the way photographers work with color, the sw2401pt also enables easy hardware calibration, 14-bit 3d, lit, delta e benq all-star showmatch online gaming competition takes off in north america costa mesa, calif. — dec. 18, 2014 — benq america corp., an internationally renowned digital lifestyle solutions provider and professional gaming monitor pioneer, today announced the north american tournament of the benq all-star showmatch online gaming competition. the online matchups allow top gamers to compete for cash prizes while giving viewers a shot at winning a benq professional gaming monitor. streamed live via twitch.tv, gamers will be competing in counter strike ®: global offensive, league of legends®, and dota® 2. the first round of battles takes place on december 22 at 11:00 a.m. pst / 2:00 p.m. est where two of the most promising american teams will battle it out in a round of dota 2. “the benq all-star showmatch represents our latest initiative to support today’s competitive gaming community,” said bob wudeck, associate vice president, strategy and business development at benq america corp. “already the official console monitor sponsor for the 2015 umg season, our newly branded event brings together today’s top gamers to create a head-to-head online platform where viewers can watch all the action live from the comfort of their own pc. to raise the stakes, we’re offering cash to winning teams and the chance for viewers to get their hands on a brand-new rl2460ht gaming monitor.” the upcoming benq all-star showmatch will set sneaky nyx assassins versus complexity in a winner-takes-all best-of-3 showdown. as an added bonus for fans of both teams watching the dota 2 matchup, benq will give away one rl2460ht monitor as part of a contest. any fan that correctly predicts the showmatch winner will be automatically entered for a chance to win. taking place once per month, showmatch will let new professional teams duke it out online while renewing the chance for viewers to win benq prizes. all matches are casted by world-renowned commentators and will rotate to different time zones across the u.s. designed specifically for real-time strategy (rts) and first-person shooter (fps) console games, benq’s rl2460ht gaming monitor features benq’s exclusive revolutioneyes™ technology to eliminate traditional led flicker issues — bringing more comfort to esports enthusiasts during competitive action and long gaming sessions. in addition to benq’s black equalizer, which enables total gaming visibility by revealing critical combat details, the monitor also features an hdmi® out port, enabling live streaming of gaming content without the risk of lag or delay for the player. as a result, audiences are able to watch live action via direct feed from the monitor while preserving monitor speed and performance regardless of the streaming system used. viewers can catch the benq all-star showmatch live on http://gaming.benq.com/benq-in-gaming. more information on the full line of benq gaming monitors is available at www.benq.us. benq announces new product lineup for the 2015 international ces costa mesa, calif. — dec. 11, 2014 — benq america corp., an internationally renowned digital lifestyle solutions provider, today announced its exciting new product portfolio for the 2015 international ces. unveiling an all-new showcase that lets users do it all with flying colors, the company’s latest innovations include the official launch of benq’s trevolo electrostatic bluetooth® speaker, a new line of fast-paced professional gaming monitors, design-focused photography and cad/cam displays, and colorific™ projectors which produce color accuracy that goes far beyond the imagination. “whether it’s audiophiles, gamers, creative professionals, or home theater enthusiasts, benq’s 2015 international ces portfolio is assembled to bring flying colors to everyday digital lifestyles,” said bob wudeck, associate vice president, strategy and business development at benq america corp. “this includes the anticipated global launch of trevolo, the world’s first portable electrostatic bluetooth speaker; the market’s only purpose-built photography monitor; and a new lineup of professional gaming monitors that allow players to conquer the competition. when adding our award-winning family of colorific displays that continue to offer incredible value and color accurate projection, the benq booth promises to be a must-stop destination at ces.” portable audio let your music take flight with the all-new trevolo electrostatic bluetooth® speaker introducing the world’s first electrostatic bluetooth® speaker, benq’s trevolo is designed to make waves with today’s most demanding audiophiles. featuring a collapsible wing design and bidirectional sound reproduction through three audio profile modes, trevolo features electrostatic technology previously only available in high-end, floor standing speakers. the result is superior sonic quality, tonal balance, and the guarantee that every note is heard crisply and cleanly — changing the way customers experience sound via a wireless speaker. available in either silver or black, the aptx bluetooth device lets music lovers instantly pair their handheld devices for access to streaming music or personal playlist sessions that last up to 12 continuous hours on a single charge — creating extraordinary vocal clarity and expressive bass in any indoor or on-the-go location.image link: www.ingearpr.com/benq/benq_trevolo_photos.zipgaming: conquer the competition with high-flying pc and console gaming monitors new wide-quad high-definition xl2730z benq’s 27-inch xl2730z monitor ensures gamers stay on the leaderboard by providing a wqhd 2560 x 1440 gateway into the fast-action world of gaming. equipped with gaming refresh-rate optimization management (grom), gamers gain the freedom to custom-build their personal gaming experience by tweaking viewing preferences such as refresh rates, display resolutions, and screen sizes. for even greater gaming comfort, the xl2730z features benq’s revolutioneyes™ technology for exceptional monitor performance by eliminating backlight flickering at all brightness levels so that gamers can engage in longer playing sessions. in addition, the monitor’s low blue light technology manages the exposure of blue spectrum light emitted by computer screens to further contribute to more comfortable viewing. the xl2730z also comes equipped with 144hz refresh rate, 1ms gtg response time, adaptive sync function, as well as benq’s black equalizer, motion blur reduction 2.0, auto game, and game to go modes. image link: www.ingearpr.com/benq/benq_xl2730z.jpg new first-person shooter (fps) xl2730t now available in 27-inches of pure gaming power, the xl2730t monitor is the continuation of the first-person shooter (fps) revolution started by benq’s iconic xl2430t. featuring motion blur reduction 2.0 technology, the screen brings an ultra-smooth, blur-free, and lag-free gaming experience to today’s competitive gaming scenarios. also equipped with the improved black equalizer 2.0, the full hd xl2730t is able to detect the input source and automatically adjust the amount of brightness within a range selected by the user — letting players identify targets effortlessly and react quickly to any situation without taking a timeout for manual adjustments. the xl2730t includes an auto game mode that automatically detects and adjusts to the genre of the game being played and a new game to go mode which allows gamers to save game modes onto a usb flash drive for perfect display tuning even on-the-go. image link: www.ingearpr.com/benq/benq_xl2730t.jpg new blazing-fast rl2755hmbuilt using feedback from the professional gaming community, the 27-inch rl2755hm monitor is engineered specifically for fps games such as the new halo ® and call of duty®, and popular fighting games like mortal kombat™ with an ultra-low input lag that renders action without ghosting or latency from mouse motion. featuring a blazing-fast 1ms gtg response time, the monitor comes equipped with 2-watt stereo speakers and dual hdmi ® ports to provide full hd connectivity with gaming consoles, as well as enabling live streaming of gaming content without any risk of lag or delay via the monitor’s unique hdmi-out port. the rl2755hm also features a 60hz refresh rate tuned to match any console video output for seamless connectivity, led backlighting for fly-off-the-screen color and a 12 million to 1 contrast ratio to further boost picture quality. image link: www.ingearpr.com/benq/benq_rl2755hm.jpg hybrid xl2420g benq’s latest xl2420g monitor brings nvidia’s g-sync technology to create a new force in gaming that eliminates performance issues related to image tearing, stuttering, and latency — giving gamers the ultimate experience in smooth, fast-action play. unlike any other g-sync monitor, the xl2420g provides competitive gamers with the freedom to switch between a g-sync mode, which ensures that images appear instantly the moment they are rendered, and benq’s proprietary classic mode for added versatility during gaming settings unsupported by g-sync. equipped with an innovative hybrid engine, the xl2420g features a wide 24-inch screen, amazingly fast 1ms gtg response time, crisp led display, revolutioneyes technology, and benq’s black equalizer — providing players with the advanced tools that are needed for conquering opponents in any gaming situation. image link:www.ingearpr.com/benq/xl2420g.jpg digital imaging: color-accurate displays for creative, photography, and industrial design pros new sw2401pt photography monitor benq’s sw2401pt is the world’s first professional photography monitor that combines a selection of high-end features for highly reliable color accuracy, fidelity, consistency, and seamless compatibility with today’s dslr cameras. packed with market-changing features to facilitate color editing, the new qhd 2560x1440 display includes a 99-percent adobe rgb color space to display a greater range of color reproduction for shades of blue and green while hardware calibration allows users to adjust the image-processing chip easily without changing the graphics card output data. photographers also gain access to two preset modes to create personalized calibration settings, a 14-bit 3d look up table (lut) which improves rgb color blending accuracy for impeccable color reproduction, deltae tweet site map privacy policy cookie policy virtual patent marking compare products view later support support contact us downloads faq product repair benq store benq store projectors monitors digital signage accessories follow us facebook youtube twitter site map privacy policy cookie policy virtual patent marking copyright © benq corporation. all rights reserved. united states - english compare product sort your products using drag and drop. click "compare" button to start comparison. projectors compare digital cameras compare monitors compare led lighting compare digital signage compare interactive flat panel compare {*product_title*} view later projectors digital cameras monitors led lighting digital signage interactive flat panel {*product_title*}