来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20091231122954/http://www.shopjimmy.com/blog
================================================================================

shopjimmy’s blog home contact us find a service center shopjimmy.com forums about jimmy contact us blog homepage search site shopjimmy featured on cnet for ces 2010 0 posted on : 23-dec-2009 | by : ryan | in : about us, news the buzz continues to spread! we are honored that cnet.com has featured us on their “30 days of innovation” countdown to ces 2010. the countdown is profiling 30 young, innovative companies that are new to ces (the world’s largest consumer technology trade show). here’s an excerpt from our profile: but shopjimmy has greater plans for the tv repair industry. it’s looking to bridge gaps between electronics repair technicians and e-commerce. electronics repair technicians will be able to open their own shopjimmy stores to sell new or used parts collecting dust on store shelves. read our profile here or find it on the ces site, too. for those who are going to ces this year, please come visit our booth (#15629 in the central hall) and chat with us! read full article ups holiday shipping schedule 0 posted on : 21-dec-2009 | by : ryan | in : about us, news, sales for those of you purchasing shopjimmy products in the next few weeks, please take note of our (ups) holiday shipping schedule: wednesday, december 23 - normal pickup and delivery service for air, international and ground packages. next day air packages picked up today will arrive on thursday, dec. 24. 2nd day air packages picked up today will arrive on monday, dec. 28 (except those processed and labeled for delivery on saturday, dec. 26). thursday, december 24 - delivery service for air, international and ground packages. - no ups ground pickup service today. - pickup service provided for air and international shipments if prearranged by wednesday, dec. 23. ups on-call pickup service and all ups drop boxes also are available for air and international packages. (next day air packages picked up today will be delivered on monday, dec. 28, except those processed and labeled for delivery on saturday, dec. 26. 2nd day air packages picked up today will be delivered on tuesday, dec. 29.) friday, december 25 - no ups pickup or delivery. (ups express criticalservice is available for urgent packages. call 1-800-714-8779 or visit upsexpresscritical.com.) saturday, december 26 - delivery of worldwide express, next day air and 2nd day air packages processed and labeled for saturday delivery. - pickup of air and international packages for regular saturday pickup customers or via ups on-call pickup service. wednesday, december 30 - normal pickup and delivery service for air, international and ground packages. next day air packages picked up today will arrive on thursday, dec. 31. 2nd day air packages picked up today will be delivered on monday, jan. 4 (except those processed and labeled for delivery on saturday, jan. 2). thursday, december 31 - delivery of air and international packages only. - no ups ground pickups or deliveries today. - pickup service provided for air and international packages if prearranged by wednesday, dec. 30. ups on-call pickup service and all ups drop boxes also are available for air and international packages. friday, january 1, 2010 - no ups pickup or delivery. (ups express critical service is available for urgent packages. call 1-800-714-8779 or visit upsexpresscritical.com.) saturday, january 2, 2010 - delivery of worldwide express, next day air and 2nd day air packages processed and labeled for saturday delivery. - pickup of air and international packages for regular saturday pickup customers or via ups on-call pickup service. monday, january 4, 2010 - normal pickup and delivery service for air, international and ground packages. as always, if you have any questions, please don’t hesitate to call! happy holidays! read full article local buzz: shopjimmy in news 0 posted on : 21-dec-2009 | by : ryan | in : about us, news wcco, one of minneapolis/st. paul’s broadcast news sources, ran a great piece featuring us on their 10 pm news this past friday. the story behind the story, though, might be just as entertaining. last wednesday at about 10 am, jimmy received a call from a journalist at wcco asking if they could shoot a feature about us for their nightly news. jimmy, of course, said that’d be great and asked when they planned to come film. they said, “we’ll be there in 20 minutes.” you can imagine what the next half-hour or so was like around the office… while we wish they would have mentioned other aspects of our business (our recycling efforts, shopjimmy stores, suite 38, etc.), we’re happy they highlighted our growing success. here’s an excerpt from the story: the tvs come from store returns, distribution, and trucking companies. all of them are damaged on the outside.”so the actual screen of the tv is broken,” said vosika, “but all of the internal components are still brand new and working.” and so the crew at shopjimmy sells the parts online and over the phone. vosika got the idea when he was working at a recycling shop. he started reselling damaged tvs to repair shops just for one or two parts. it made him think about disassembling the televisions and making all the parts for sale — all under one roof. click here to watch the feature. a big thanks to everyone involved at wcco! the tvs come from store returns, distribution and trucking companies. all of them are damaged on the outside. “so the actual screen of the tv is broken,” said vosika, “but all of the internal components are still brand new and working.” and so the crew at shopjimmy sells the parts online and over the phone. vosika got the idea when he was working at a recycling shop. he started reselling damaged tvs to repair shops just for one or two parts. it made him think about disassembling the televisions and making all the parts for sale — all under one roofthe tvs come from store returns, distribution and trucking companies. all of them are damaged on the outside. “so the actual screen of the tv is broken,” said vosika, “but all of the internal components are still brand new and working.” and so the crew at shopjimmy sells the parts online and over the phone. vosika got the idea when he was working at a recycling shop. he started reselling damaged tvs to repair shops just for one or two parts. it made him think about disassembling the televisions and making all the parts for sale — all under one roof. read full article shopjimmy mailbag 1 posted on : 18-dec-2009 | by : ryan | in : about us, instructions, news i’m a big fan of bill simmons, a writer for espn, and always really enjoy reading his mailbag blog posts. so, i thought i’d try a shopjimmy mailbag and see what kind of response i get from you all. here’s how it works: if you have any questions related to: shopjimmy, shopjimmy stores, suite 38, teklandia, tv repair, etc., send your question to ryan@shopjimmy.com depending on the number and frequency of the emails/questions, the first mailbag will be posted sometime in the next few weeks. looking forward to your questions! read full article a scoreboard of things to come? 0 posted on : 15-dec-2009 | by : ryan | in : funny, news cowboys stadium i know i’ve been on this 3d kick lately, but did any of you watch (or go to!) the cowboys vs. chargers game on sunday? for those of you who aren’t familiar with the latest happenings in the nfl, the dallas cowboys’ owner, jerry jones, built a mega-stadium for his beloved football team. the stadium boasts: a capacity of 111,000, it’s the largest domed stadium in the world, and it has the largest high-definition video screen for its scoreboard (60 yards wide!). this palatial stadium didn’t come cheap; it reportedly cost jones $1.15 billion. anyway, there’s been a lot of chatter (and more than a few jokes) about the stadium’s jumbotron. in the preseason, titan’s punter a.j. trapasso repeatedly hit the scoreboard; however, it’s remained untouched during regular season games. this past sunday, owner (probably more appropriately dubbed as a circus ringleader) jones decided to use the stadium’s huge scoreboard and new technology to try something new: real-time 3d viewing and highlights. jerry jones and his jumbotron. it backfired. a measly six minutes and fifty seconds into the game, the 3d was turned off to loud cheers. according to engadget, many in the crowd didn’t use their 3d glasses (and subsequently booed the blurry image–not really jones’ fault, i suppose) and others complained of feeling a bit nauseous (this has also been a viewer complaint during the first showings of james cameron’s new movie, avatar, also in 3d). in a post on december 4th, i mentioned lg’s launch of a lcd 3d hdtv. after the crowd reaction at the cowboys game this sunday (and avatar reviews), should the manufacturer keep pursuing this new technology? maybe, though, cowboys fans were simply booing their team. they lost 17-20 to the chargers. read full article dishing the details: the shopjimmy / suite38 holiday party 1 posted on : 14-dec-2009 | by : ryan | in : about us, funny where do i begin? let me “set the scene” for you… at the office on friday afternoon, anticipation began to mount (a.k.a. casual adult beverage consumption) for our holiday party that evening. serious productivity came to a screeching halt at about 4:30 pm (alright, maybe a little earlier). with our “dates” (well, most of us had dates…i’m not bitter, though), we made the short trek to a nearby hotel, where our wonderful hr directors, jackie and emily, set-up a dinner party in a conference room. the food was delightful (thank you, green mill, for “forcing” many of us to meet our weekly carbohydrate count in one sitting). the conversation was better. those two factors alone would have made it an evening to remember. but (in typical jimmy fashion)… there was also a raffle for a brand new, 50-inch plasma tv! with the number of guests fairly limited (about 45 people, give or take a few dateless guests…i’m still not bitter, i swear), we all quickly developed visions of plasma-filled living rooms (sugar plums are so out-of-date). after a brief (but eloquent!) speech by jimmy, the winner was drawn… it was jimmy’s mom. needless to say, they were both shocked (in somewhat opposite ways–i’ll let you infer the rest). jimmy’s mood rapidly changed, however, when we presented him with his gift: a cool, personalized plaque of the recent star tribune article about shopjimmy. and if that wasn’t enough… jackie and emily reserved dueling pianos as entertainment for the rest of the evening! the pianists were incredible and played everything from bon jovi to backstreet boys (i have no clue who requested the latter). a couple brave souls even did a little karaoke (look at that suit and power stance!). as they say in journalism, i guess that’s all the news fit to print. it was truly a great evening, and i think everyone had a fun time mingling in ways other than emails and ims. a big thanks to jackie, emily, and of course, jimmy. until next year… happy holidays! read full article breaking: panasonic now controls rival sanyo 0 posted on : 10-dec-2009 | by : ryan | in : news panasonic revealed today that they’ve secured a 50.2 majority ownership of sanyo. after first revealing their interest in sanyo in december ‘08, the deal eventually initiated last month. panasonic is buying more than 3 billion shares from sanyo’s top investors, valued at $4.59 billion. while both have experienced negative effects during this turbulent financial time, panasonic now controls all of sanyo’s products and innovations, some of which are projected to be quite lucrative (i.e., rechargeable batteries and solar energy technology). additionally, panasonic significantly expands its market share (and secures a leadership position) selling fuel-efficient batteries to automakers. implications for panasonic’s position in the tv market remain to be seen, but the deal does give the manufacturer a presence in the smaller lcd market, an industry segment that they didn’t occupy. read full article optimizing an hdtv 0 posted on : 10-dec-2009 | by : ryan | in : instructions, news i wanted to run this past you–the experts. pc world (syndicated by the washington post) just published an article outlining five ways to optimize an hdtv for viewing. is this an exhaustive list? did they miss anything? do you know any other tips or suggestions? here’s the list: picture size for broadcast or cable – “pillarbox” standard-definition video (displaying the unaltered 4:3 image between black or gray vertical bars). picture size for dvds – program the hdtv to display anamorphic dvds in “full” or “wide” mode, if the dvd player isn’t connected to the hdtv via an hdmi cable (or if it isn’t an upscaling dvd player or blue-ray player). audio input – plug all sound systems into the tv, and program the hdtv to send audio directly from the tv to the receiver. label your inputs – program technical inputs on the hdtv menu to more descriptive or specific labels (for those less savvy tv users). program your remotes – instruct a more specific remote (i.e., the dvd player remote) to control the basics of the hdtv, saving the hassle of switching between several remotes. thoughts? read full article we won! 0 posted on : 08-dec-2009 | by : ryan | in : about us, news a big thanks to all of you who voted for our 2010 ces video! if you’re going to be at ces this january, please stop by our booth (#15629 in the central hall). we look forward to seeing you all! read full article google goggles: another step toward world domination 1 posted on : 07-dec-2009 | by : ryan | in : news earlier today, google launched its real-time search, which adds real-time results (yahoo answers, tweets, facebook posts, etc.) in your search query. then, the genius google geeks launched google goggles. i could explain it, but i’m too busy wishing i had an android phone to test this new app. instead, check out the demo below: read full article speaking of the future… 0 posted on : 07-dec-2009 | by : ryan | in : news i present to you, my loyal shopjimmy friends, the borderless lcd hdtv by lg. lg just launched its latest technology in (of all places) russia. for the 0.00012% of you reading this in russia, the tv will set you back 61,990 rubles (about $2,113). no word on when or if the technology will hit shelves in the states. poka*, bezel. *”poka” means “goodbye” in russian (translation courtesy of margots, our awesome, latvian-born programmer). read full article you better buy 3d glasses 1 posted on : 04-dec-2009 | by : ryan | in : news lg recently announced the “commercial launch” of a 23-inch lcd tv that displays 3d images in full hd resolution. according to lg, the launch’s goals are to “help to boost development of high resolution 3d contents while allowing users to view true-to-life 3d images.” lg lcd 3d hdtv - source: technabob here are the specs: - 23-inch screen - 3d is only viewable with shutter glasses - can be switched between 2d and 3d - lg claims that its picture quality is almost twice as crisp as hd 3d displays currently on the market - proprietary technologies such as a “high performance 3d exclusive controller” for the quick processing of image data and “copper bus line” to improve resolution and picture quality do you think 3d is the future of hdtv? will the technology stick with buyers and viewers, or will it join 3d movies as a temporary fad? regardless, we do know a certain someone who’d enjoy dancing along to this in 3d hd. read full article n.e.w. fires back at consumer reports 1 posted on : 02-dec-2009 | by : adam | in : news, uncategorized after consumer reports yet again issued a caveat to holiday shoppers regarding the purchasing of extended warranties on ce products, n.e.w. published a response on its official blog, the savvy shopper, in which it defends the value of its service products and seeks to dispel myths perpetuated by consumer reports and the like. the full post can be found here. our take: as we deal exclusively with lcd/plasma portion of ce, we cannot comment on the other areas of consumer electronics (cameras, gps, etc.) or appliance. shopjimmy does recommend purchasing an extended warranty along with an hdtv.  here’s why: based on what we’ve seen, hdtvs often do fail between day 366 (after the manufacturer’s limited warranty expires) and year 3.   we do not have stats on failure rates, but we can tell you that no brand is exempt.  though screen breaks are not covered by any warranty, other screen defects are relatively common and can occur in this time frame.  if such a defect affects your product outside of the manufacturer’s warranty, and the manufacturer does not deem it a common enough failure to extend its own warranty coverage, a consumer that failed to purchase an extended warranty is out of luck.  as anyone familiar with lcd/plasma panel (screen) production and supply knows, panel replacement is prohibitively expensive.  in this case, the consumer is forced to replace the product out of pocket. if your tv fails and a replacement part is required, that part needs to be found and purchased.  some manufacturers do not make much of an effort to supply parts beyond their warranty period.  if the product is covered under extended warranty, it is the warranty company’s responsibility to procure the part, and your product will be replaced if they are unable to do so.  if you did not purchase a warranty and the part is unavailable  (even at shopjimmy!) or out of production, you are again out of luck. do your research online before you enter the big box store.  don’t put yourself in a position where you can be pressured.  figure out what the warranty is going to cost based on the price of the product, and make up your mind before the salesperson tries to push the warranty on you. shop smart, shop “savvy”, and when all else fails, shopjimmy. read full article shopjimmy featured partologist 0 posted on : 01-dec-2009 | by : ryan | in : about us, funny name: jackie larson position at shopjimmy: hr, ar, ap jackie with her son, hunter, on halloween. he was a flying monkey from the wizard of oz. one sentence job description: payroll, lots of quickbooks, forklift training, order shopjimmy can coozies, enter jimmy’s diet coke rewards, pick up chipotle for the office, and of course random jimmy jobs. favorite lcd breakage story: the classic remote story…my cousin threw a remote at his tv because of a bad call during a vikings game. tv model in your living room: um…not sure (one of the ones we sell parts for) family: 1 year old son, hunter and husband, mike hobbies: shopping and playing with my son favorite restaurant: jimmy johns go-to pandora station: country or dance beverage of choice: depending on the time of day, diet cherry coke or wine in-flight reading material: parents magazine sports team(s) you root for: mn vikings (actually i just go to football parties for the food and socializing) three things you’d bring to a deserted island: a chocolaty peanut butter dessert, a cozy blanket, and a good friend on a web dating service, you’d describe yourself as: not available you can find me on… - twitter: maybe someday - facebook: yup - myspace: nope - linkedin: probably not read full article recycling e-waste 0 posted on : 25-nov-2009 | by : ryan | in : about us, news jennifer bemisderfer, a writer for the cea’s “digital dialogue” blog, recently cited an interesting study regarding public opinion of e-waste. the study, conducted by pike research, discovered some insightful statistics: 76% of americans consider recycling as the best option for e-waste, but only 10% believe the financial responsibility (for recycling) belongs to manufacturers. 37% believe that an e-waste recycling service should be free, while 35% think that curbside pick-up (similar to regular trash/recycling) for e-waste should be provided. as bemisderfer writes, “to address the growing issue of electronics waste  in the u.s., many electronics companies have begun sponsoring recycling programs, establishing take-back practices and offering rebates for exchanging unwanted products. local governments and community organizations have also subsidized e-waste recycling events, and some states have mandated their own laws for e-waste recycling.” here’s what we (shopjimmy.com) are doing to fight e-waste: the vast majority of our replacement parts are reclaimed from brand new, damaged electronics goods that were on their way to an e-waste facility or worse, a landfill, without ever being used. to date, we have reclaimed parts from over 18,000 plasma and lcd tvs. we break down all units to their simplest parts and recycle as much of our materials as possible. all cardboard boxes are shredded into packing material, and all plastics and metals are sorted and recycled, when applicable. our technicans pull new, working components from cracked circuit boards to refurbish non-working boards, which are then sold to a local vendor who refurbishes tvs. also, cea has a great website (linked to the image on the right) that searches for the nearest electronics recyclers in your area. read full article page 1 of 5  1  2  3  4  5 » subscribe to rss feed : categories about us funny instructions news sales shopjimmy stores program uncategorized archives december 2009 november 2009 october 2009 september 2009 august 2009 july 2009 june 2009 may 2009 april 2009 march 2009 february 2009 january 2009 privacy statement / returns policy / shipping policy © 2009 jim vosika, llc. all rights reserved. © all rights reserved. shopjimmy’s blog powered by wordpress | theme by yahoo web hosting