来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20111231094405/http://www.shopjimmy.com/blog/
================================================================================

shopjimmy's blog 877-881-6492 / tv parts ship same day before 3:15pm cst / price beat guarantee / 180 day warranty / no restocking fees for techs top brands • samsung • vizio • lg • sony • philips • toshiba • rca • sanyo • sharp • westinghouse • mitsubishi • polaroid • element • proscan • insignia • view all brands • general questions • domestic shipping & returns • international delivery & returns • tech info • find a tv repair shop • ayuda en español • my account • log in • my cart • checkout • about us • recycling • sj on facebook • sj on twitter • jimmy on twitter • sj on youtube 9201 penn ave s. suite 40 bloomington, mn 55431 (952) 881-6492 | (877) 881-6492 fax - (952) 884-5028 sales@shopjimmy.com returns@shopjimmy.com search site sj design: blast from the past 1 posted on : 28-dec-2011 | by : ryan | in : about us, funny we updated our site’s design recently (with more changes to come soon) and think it’s pretty cool. we thought it’d be fun to see how far we’ve come these past few years, so we dug into the sj archives and discovered this gem: our design circa june, 2009. it doesn’t look too shabby, right? read full article santa!!!!!!!!! we know him. we know him. 1 posted on : 23-dec-2011 | by : ryan | in : about us, funny look who we caught in our warehouse filling his bag with tv parts for this weekend… p.s. for those who haven’t seen the movie, elf, here’s the scene that our blog title references (at the 0:30 mark). read full article dlp chips join the battle against cancer 0 posted on : 20-dec-2011 | by : chris | in : funny, hdtv news, really cool i think we can all agree that consensus is a difficult thing to find these days. (heh. see what i did there?) another thing we can all agree on is this: cancer is bad. very, very bad. even worse than crossing the streams. and while i was perusing some old scientific american articles, i happened across something really surprising. now, while we’ve noted that improperly disposed tv parts can cause cancer, did you know that some tv parts can fight cancer? it’s true! the way dlp tech works is it uses an optical semi-conductor called a digital micro-mirror device (dmd) to digitally modulate light. it does this via thousands of micro-mirrors to project an image, displaying 1024 shades of gray and — in some of the more high end sets — 35 trillion colors. yep, with a “t”. that looks like this: 35,000,000,000,000. based on the above capabilities of dlp chips, which are one of our most popular parts (we’re working on getting more, i assure you), doctors are now using them to help focus radiation blasts during treatments to keep the healthy tissue surrounding a cancerous tumor, well, healthy. they are also developing dlp-based imaging technology that would allow doctors to look at what are essentially holograms of our internal organs, including any tumors, and more accurately plan injection sites and surgeries. this is done by projecting two-dimensional cross-sections of individual organs at 5000(!) images a second. since our feeble brains can’t process images that fast, we see a fully three dimensional rendering that can be moved and viewed in 360 degrees. (most movies are shot at a measly 24 frames per second that we still don’t notice. are our brains lazy or something? c’mon!) the future is, well not exactly now, but like, super soon. read full article holiday hours and shipping schedule 6 posted on : 15-dec-2011 | by : ryan | in : about us, sj news happy holidays! we’d rather you worry about forcing a fake smile to the great-aunt who just gave you a knitted, cat sweater vest than making sure your tv parts arrive on-time, so here’s our holiday hours and shipping schedule: we will be closed: - december 24th (saturday) - december 25th (sunday) - december 31st (saturday) - january 1st (sunday) we will have a limited staff: - december 23rd (friday) - december 30th (friday) we will not be shipping: - december 24th (saturday) - december 25th (sunday) - december 26th (monday) (any orders on these above dates, along with orders placed after 3:15 cst on december 23rd, will ship on tuesday, december 27th.) - december 31st (saturday) - january 1st (sunday) - january 2nd (monday) (any orders on these above dates, along with orders placed after 3:15 cst on december 30th, will ship on tuesday, january 3rd.) we want to wish you a happy and healthy holiday season! thank you for your business in 2011! read full article cable tv for beginners 1 posted on : 13-dec-2011 | by : ryan | in : hdtv news time warner recently created a video unveiling the “mystery” of cable tv. sure, it’s a technology that’s been around for over six decades, but hey, there’s no better time than now. the media conglomerate tapped one of its chief engineers (who happens to have a sweet accent) to explain the process. thanks, time warner. read full article our holiday party! 0 posted on : 12-dec-2011 | by : ryan | in : about us, funny last friday night, we gathered at a hotel ballroom near, (ok, not down the block, but close enough.) to celebrate our hard work and spread holiday cheer. (cue semi-awkward conversations.) food was enjoyed and drinks were consumed, (things quickly became less awkward.) even a magician wondered the decorated room. (his card tricks had us dumbfounded.) jimmy took the stage and gave a rousing speech, (believe it or not, he’s a pretty funny guy.) thanking all and chronicling this year’s feats. (more customer happiness, less company hardware.) with bellies full and raffle winners surprised, (pasta/turkey/tacos/dessert and tvs, respectively.) volunteers bravely gathered to be hypnotized. (“bravely” is a loose term. see: borderline mental.) they pretended to chew gum, lift weights, and drive cars, (jimmy’s wife, christy, was hilarious.) but funniest of all was chris, one of our great csrs. (there’s hypnosis, then there’s hypnochris.) complete with an accompanying band and hearty laughs, (jon played a mean saxophone.) he did an elvis impersonation better than most vegas acts. (his hips definitely did not lie.) yes, we celebrated our hard work and spread holiday cheer, (local advil sales spiked on saturday.) we hope you do the same and have a very happy new year! (sincerely, all of us at shopjimmy.) read full article apple itv rumors are a rumblin’ 0 posted on : 07-dec-2011 | by : ryan | in : hdtv news get ready to fix tvs that will be a beast to repair (apple strongly dislikes screws)… according to a major japanese manufacturer involved in the new product line (see: sharp), apple is planning to release a tv product in three sizes, including both 32″ and 55″ tvs. social media and tech news site mashable adds that these tvs will include a new processor that also appears in the yet-to-be-released ipad3. and for those too lazy to use the remote, rumors are swirling that these tvs will include support for siri – the voice-driven “personal assistant” and part-time comedian on the iphone 4s. read full article we made forbes’ list of america’s most promising companies! 4 posted on : 30-nov-2011 | by : ryan | in : about us, sj news we’re proud to announce that we’re #64 on forbes’ annual list of america’s most promising companies! the list “features 100 privately held up-and-comers with compelling business models, strong management teams, notable customers, strategic partners and precious investment capital.” a huge thank you to all of our awesome customers for your continued business, feedback, and support! we’re very honored. read full article 5 ways to improve your shopjimmy experience 0 posted on : 29-nov-2011 | by : chris | in : instructions as you well know, we here at shopjimmy will do just about anything to keep our customers happy. to that end, i’ve put together a few tips for making your tv part shopping experience as simple and as fun as possible. #1 – log in! yeah, i know. duh, chris. well, i’m just making sure, as it is the best way to make sure you are getting a look at all the possible options while searching for your part. #2 – have the part in hand! this one is really important. parts manufacturers don’t always make it easy to find replacement parts. there may be 20 different numbers on the part or only two numbers. you may find yourself scratching your head wondering if there could be some strange conspiracy to keep you from fixing your tv, and while i’m not saying that a tinfoil hat won’t keep them from intercepting your brainwaves, i will tell you that having the part in front of you while you search greatly increases your odds of getting the right part on your first attempt. #3 – assume nothing! yeah, the part you see on the site is identical. yeah, we have your model listed. yeah, a few of the numbers match. but, that pesky manufacturer part number refuses to match yours. so much so, it’s practically sneering at you. it’s easy to think, “if it looks like a duck, quacks like a duck, and walks like a duck, it must be a duck.” well, unfortunately with tv parts, it may be a guy with a very realistic looking duck hat walking around just under the surface of the water. that’s why we emphasize the importance of the part number. it really is the only way to be 100% sure. #4 – exploit your resources! while we always recommend going to a tv repair shop, we also understand that there are those of you out there who like to do everything yourself. so, what if you are unsure of a diagnosis or need a bit of tech advice? while we don’t provide tech support, you can get some quality tips from a couple of reputable sites like www.fixya.com or www.tv-forums.com. once you figure out which part you need, swing back to us and we’ll do our best to help you find it! #5 – grab two empty soup cans and a string! call us! we love to here from you! we’ve got a well-trained (and good looking) staff of customer service reps that will always go the extra mile to make sure your sj experience is awesome. got phonophobia? click on our “live chat” (upper right-hand corner of any page) and let your fingers do the talking! or, you can always email us at sales@shopjimmy.com and we will get back to you as fast as humanly possible. read full article cyber monday sale and contest! 1 posted on : 28-nov-2011 | by : ryan | in : sj news, sj sales read full article happy thanksgiving! 0 posted on : 24-nov-2011 | by : ryan | in : about us on behalf of all of us at shopjimmy, happy thanksgiving! we’re thankful for all of our awesome customers. spend time with your family, watch some football, and make sure to eat a lot of turkey! read full article shopjimmy featured partologist 0 posted on : 23-nov-2011 | by : ryan | in : about us, featured partologist, funny name: beth position at shopjimmy: customer service representative one sentence job description: i help you figure out which one of those tiny numbers on your board is the part number. favorite lcd breakage story: “my kid fell on it.” your…… what? tv model in your living room: sylvania lc320sl1 family: two older sisters, and really awesome parents. hobbies: camping, traveling, yoga, sky diving, reading, anything that bugs chris meger, high fives. favorite restaurant: i usually cook at home because i have food allergies, but when i go out i love french meadow. go-to pandora station: anything involving cello. seriously. beverage of choice: water? and strongbow! yum. in-flight reading material: i prefer to travel light and listen to audio books. usually david sedaris. sports team(s) you root for: nope. i can summon my inner sports fan to get super interested in the olympics every 4 years though. three things you’d bring to a deserted island: house boat, sunscreen (i’m irish), and my boyfriend brandon. on a web dating service, you’d describe yourself as: unavailable and very happy. you can find me on… - twitter: yep - facebook: yep - linkedin: ughh read full article sj chalk talk 4: our checkout process 1 posted on : 21-nov-2011 | by : ryan | in : about us, chalk talk the sj chalk talk series focuses on clarifying questions and concerns from our recent customer feedback survey. don’t hesitate to ask for more information in the comments section of each post! ………………………………………………………….. have you ever tried to self-checkout at a busy grocery store? you feel smart for bypassing those long lines and maybe even a little smug knowing that you can bag your own groceries better. heavy items on the bottom, play tetris with the smaller items, separate the milk and liquids… that’s right, i just fit four bags worth of groceries into two! uh-oh. just as you bag your last yogurt, you get the dreaded, “please remove the last item from the bagging area.” cue eye rolling. you follow the prompt and ready your credit card only to be greeted with another message, “please wait for an attendant.” you take a quick glance down the row of checkout stations and notice the lines dwindling faster than your patience. you give your best “help me, now!” look to the attendant, he or she seemingly crawls over to your station, taps a few buttons on the monitor, and nonchalantly tells you that it’s okay to swipe your credit card. you leave the store swearing off self-checkout forever. sound a bit familiar? we want to make sure you never experience that frustration when you checkout on shopjimmy. thus, we made a few updates that we think you’ll like: - we streamlined our checkout process. no more steps or unnecessary fields. you can clearly see how many fields you need to complete and how close you are from clicking the “place order” button and moving on with your life. - we added paypal. we repeat: in addition to credit card processing, you can now use your paypal account to place your order. - we checked and double-checked our security features. every point in our checkout process is secure and safe. as usual, we never store credit card information and never relay your personal information to third parties. - we’re also adding the option to checkout via your amazon account soon. so, next time you’re ready to order tv parts on shopjimmy, confidently navigate over to self-checkout and place your order quickly and efficiently! (just remember that we have a bunch of friendly customer service reps that can also “bag” tv part orders better than just about anyone else online.) read full article important website update to shopjimmy stores program 0 posted on : 17-nov-2011 | by : ryan | in : instructions, sj news, sj stores program for those who are registered techs in our system and have participated in our stores program — buying or selling — please note this update, test it with your account, and maybe even post it to your computer monitor bezel as a reminder. in order to view search results for stores’ tv parts below our inventory, you must be logged into your account. otherwise, if you search for a part on our site, you’ll see this: as the above image instructs, click “here” to login to your account. after you’ve successfully logged into your account, you will be redirected back to your search results displaying stores’ inventory: if you have any questions, please contact us! thanks for your cooperation. read full article holiday wishlist: lg 55lm9600 0 posted on : 16-nov-2011 | by : ryan | in : hdtv news yes, we have a “fix first” mentality around here, but if your tv is so beyond repair that you’re thinking of using it as a fish/beer tank, we suggest adding this to your letter to the north pole: lg’s flagship 55lm9600. the clean, sleek stand, the almost imperceptible bezel, the “nano full led” technology… you better start baking cookies and stocking up on milk now! read full article page 1 of 2812345»...last » subscribe to rss feed : categories about us chalk talk contests eliminating e-waste featured partologist funny hdtv news instructions media buzz really cool shopjimmy jr. sj news sj sales sj stat of the day sj stores program sjtv uncategorized website update about shopjimmy founded in 2007, shopjimmy is the global leader in tv parts distribution. with a growing inventory of over 250,000 tv parts, shopjimmy remains focused on delivering the highest quality, lowest-priced tv parts across the globe, reducing e-waste, and continuing its mission to make you happy. shipping policy | returns policy | privacy statement 952-881-6492 | 877-881-6492 | sales@shopjimmy.com © 2011 shopjimmy.com, llc. all rights reserved.