来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20131219185210/http://www.shopjimmy.com/blog/2013/08/20/we-made-the-2013-inc-5005000-list/
================================================================================

shopjimmy shopjimmy we are the global leader in tv parts, dlp lamps, and tv accessories distribution. we also offer tools for electronics servicers, tv stands and wall mounts, and refurbished tvs. our goal is to deliver the highest quality, lowest-priced products and continue our mission to make you happy. www.shopjimmy.com sj community fmgy search 1 create rma’s and return shipping labels online!for the love of the interwebs! our returns process has officially and finally entered the digital era. you can now create rma’s and return shipping labels online. no phone calls. no emails. no hassle. here’s how to do it: 1. review our returns guidelines and then click the “start returns process” button if your return meets the criteria. 2. you’ll now encounter our “shopjimmy returns manager” portal, which is just a fancy way to describe the place where you create your rma and return label. yes, it looks a little different from our website, but you’re in the right place! 3. enter your “order number” (the order that you wish to return) and “billing zip code” and click “next.” if your order doesn’t meet our returns guidelines, you will see an error message. if you believe this is a mistake, please contact us. 4. next, select your “return type” (return or replace), “return reason” and “return quantity.” if you need a replacement part, we will send you a replacement the following business day (if not available, we will contact you to discuss other options and/or issue a refund). if you select “defective” for your “return reason,” please add the reason it’s defective and your tv model number (that will help us test the part when we receive it). 5. review the “rma summary” and make sure all of your information is correct. once you hit “submit” and your rma is approved, you can create your return shipping label. 6. you can email or print your return shipping label and also schedule a usps package pick-up. if you decide to print your shipping label, please make sure your browser allows pop-ups for this webpage. if you’re having the package picked-up, you will need to schedule the pick-up date and add any notes for usps. and you’re set! slap the label on the original shipping box and take it to your nearest usps location (if you didn’t schedule a pick-up). once we receive it, we will process your return (and refund, if necessary) according to our returns policy. please note that a $7.95 shipping label fee and/or a 20% restocking fee may apply to your return. again, please review our returns policy and contact us with any questions! 2 twittert facebookf pinterestp googleg 5copy short url 5 days ago 2 twittert facebookf pinterestp googleg 5copy short url 1 week ago pizza pizza!we held a pizza eating contest this week and seven hungry sj’ers tried to down two medium pizzas as fast as possible. it was both hilarious and slightly unsettling. in the end, one man consumed the pizzas quicker than the rest (a little over five minutes!). jimmy gave it his best effort and managed to grab the silver medal. there are conflicting reports about how many tums were also consumed later that day, but we imagine the over/under is somewhere in the double-digits. 2 twittert facebookf pinterestp googleg 5copy short url 3 weeks ago our holiday schedulehappy holidays! we hope you get to spend some quality time with family and friends and maybe, just maybe, squeeze in fixing a tv or two. we will be working hard and shipping promptly these next few weeks, but here are a few exceptions: 12/24 (tue): we’ll have a few customer service reps and no orders will be shipped12/25 (wed): we are out of the office and no orders will be shipped12/31 (tue): we’ll have a few customer service reps and no orders will be shipped1/1/14 (wed): we are hungover out of the office and no orders will be shipped if you have any questions about the status/tracking of your order, please don’t hesitate to contact us. we’re here to help! 2 twittert facebookf pinterestp googleg 5copy short url 1 month ago what’s a capacitor’s capacity, anyway?hello friends! it’s been a while since i, chris, nerded up the blogosphere, but i am back! we’ve seen a lot of new changes here at sj, with new products and processes, and i wanted to let all of you know that we continue to work hard to keep our customers happy and informed. to that end, many of you have probably noticed that we are now carrying components. i wanted to talk about capacitors specifically, as we seem to be get a lot of questions about them. when we first started selling these, i knew just this side of nothing about them. i knew they looked like batteries, that when they go bad they tend to expand, and they had something to do with either electrical power or time travel or hopefully, both. doc, you let the whole team down. i was mostly wrong. capacitors are actually insanely simple. all you need to make one is two electrical conductors separated by an insulator — almost anything will do. one of the first capacitors was a wire, a glass jar filled with water, and a dude’s hand. he noticed that when he touched the wire he got a really nasty jolt that was way worse than the shocks he’d been getting all day, presumably just messing around with electricity and water. that was way back in 1745 folks and dude’s name was von kliest, and he was from a part of germany called pomerania. this makes complete sense to me. i have a pomeranian at home who can’t even steal comics that are in order, much less from the same company. hans?! bad dog!!! what van kliest discovered was that if you have two conductors separated by an insulator, that insulator will develop an electric field, giving the capacitor the ability to store more of a charge than if the conductors were linked — just like you store energy in a stretched rubber band that you plan on shooting at your (girlfriend’s) pomeranian for messing with your comics. which brings us to tvs. (relevant!!!) capacitors that are found on tv power supplies are primarily used for power conditioning. that has nothing to do with silky smooth hair; i know this because my girlfriend is a hairstylist. did i mention i have a girlfriend? (not relevant!!!) what this means is that capacitors maintain an even flow of power across the circuit to prevent fluctuations and surges and provide a nice clean flow of electricity from the power source. like valves, but for electricity. or goalies in soccer, i think? is that the sport with the nets and the kicking? (go team!) we usually take notice of them when they fail. worn out capacitors usually bulge or burst when they’ve taken too many jolts that go beyond their rating, or as they just reach the normal end of their life. typically, it’s when the insulating fluid vaporizes or the capacitors overheat. that’s where we come in. if you are looking for a new capacitor, check the ratings on the one that you need to replace. there should be microfarads (or uf) and volts (or v). just like in the picture and part description on this capacitor. with those two numbers you can figure out which capacitor you need and, with a bit of soldering, you’ll be back to conditioned, silky, smooth, vibrant electrical current! as always, if you have questions, shopjimmy customer service is happy to help! 2 twittert facebookf pinterestp googleg 5copy short url 1 month ago shopjimmy universal tv stand videos! about a year ago, we began the fun (and sometimes a little frustrating) process of designing and manufacturing our own universal tv stands. we think the two final products turned out awesome, and you guys proved that theory — they’re two of our top-selling products!if you’d rather watch a video than read product details (welcome to the club), check out these short clips we made for each tv stand.for flat-screen tvs from 26″ to 32″:for flat-screen tvs from 37″ to 55″: 2 twittert facebookf pinterestp googleg 5copy short url 3 months ago deciphering panasonic suffix gridsif you’ve ever had to repair a panasonic tv, you have more than likely experienced the joy of trying to decipher the dreaded a board suffix grid. the entire reason that this grid exists is because panasonic has produced multiple a boards, with the same board number, and then differentiated them by suffix. the suffix consists of 2 letters that follow the base board number and can be used to find the exact main board needed for your repair. one example is part txn/a1lfuus. the official panasonic part number is not always on the board but the board number, tnph0831, is listed right on the middle in yellow print. if you were to search just the board number without the suffix on our site, you would receive 14 results. 14! you could then narrow it down by model number, but you would still have multiple boards to choose from. the next step is to locate the grid. the most common place it is placed on a boards is near the edge of the board closest to the tuner and component plugs. you will want to turn the board so your left hand is holding the bottom corner nearest the cable tuner. now you have full view of the suffix grid and can begin! you will first notice a long yellow checker board with yellow dots scattered throughout the grid. if you look just above that grid there is an eprom ic (looks like a tiny black ramp with metal on each side) the important part is just above that. you will also notice there are 5 resistor points enclosed in a yellow grid. starting from the left, which is the side closest to the edge, you want to check for open or closed resistors. open resistors means there is no jumper connecting the 2 solder points. if they are closed, that means there is a small coated metal piece connecting the 2 silver solder points. in this example, there is a jumper in the first space and the last. now, to the grid for deciphering! drop directly below to the yellow grid. since we now know the suffix will correspond with a dot on the first and last space, that is what to look for. scanning down every row, look at each individual space. the only row that matches up is at. follow that specific row, left to right, to see the dots match the jumpers. ta-da! that reveals the board number and suffix to be: tnph0831at. you are now a panasonic suffix expert! have any questions? do hesitate to contact us anytime! 2 twittert facebookf pinterestp googleg 5copy short url 3 months ago dlp chips: the good, the bad, and the wonkydlp chips are pretty popular these days. this doesn’t necessarily mean, however, that they are a cure-all for your dlp tv problems. looking to get some more information on this tv part, we talked to randy, our resident dlp guru. this is what we found out: how often do dlp chips go bad? surprisingly, it’s pretty rare. it’s much more likely that your color wheel or lamp is going to go before your dlp chip does. what are the most common causes of dlp malfunction? in most cases, it’s just dust or general household debris sneaking through the vents in your tv and settling in the most inconvenient areas possible. it’s important to know that dlp chips are made out of hundreds and hundreds of micro-mirrors, making them impossible to individually polish. how difficult is it to install a new dlp chip? initial installation is pretty easy. basically, you’re just unscrewing a brace and popping the chip out and replacing it with the new one and screwing it down. the tough part comes with the calibration. you need to center the ic, which is… tricky. remember, you are dealing with a mirror, so as you move the “formatter” (a flat board with what looks like a processor socket where the chip sits) up, the picture will go down. the best thing you can do is mark the positions of the formatter with a magic marker before you actually touch anything. that will save you a lot of hassle. my dlp tv is acting kind of wonky. how do i know if it’s the dlp chip? good question! the most common symptom is “stars” or “snow.” another common problem is a completely white screen or a completely black screen. this usually indicates something falling into the electro-mechanical servos that move the chip, causing it to be stuck in the “on” or “off” position. should you see a greenish, general hue, it’s usually the formatter itself. other common problems are swollen caps on the power supply or a dead bulb. color issues and stripes, no matter what, are never caused by a bad dlp chip. they are like charlie chaplin. they only do black and white. now, we don’t want to make this sound like we’re bad-mouthing dlp sets. they might be a bit older tech-wise, but this is a proven technology that has been around since the 1980′s. and the picture produced by a properly maintained unit is top notch. if you are interested in taking a look at our dlp chip inventory, you can check them out here. 2 twittert facebookf pinterestp googleg 5copy short url 3 months ago we buy broken lcd and plasma tvsdo you have full or partial truckloads of new, salvaged broken screen lcd and plasma tvs? if so, we would be interested in purchasing those units!what we’re looking for: we prefer cosmetically-damaged, new tvs. these tvs typically have cracked screens due to freight shipping, and we’re interested in bulk quantities of 100+ tvs.what we’ll probably pass on: individual tvs, whether they are new or used. we also don’t usually purchase tv parts in small quantities. like we mentioned above, we are looking for loads of tvs in quantities of 100-500 tvs or more.if you have a load of new, cosmetically-damaged tvs that matches what we’re looking for, please send us an email (purchasing[at]shopjimmy.com) and include a manifest and pictures of your tv load. we will respond as quickly as possible! 2 twittert facebookf pinterestp googleg 5copy short url 3 months ago welcome to our new blog!we decided our blog needed a change — a component-level repair, if you will. if you’re a fan of all things tv parts and electronic servicer-related, you should definitely bookmark, sticky note, or tattoo (okay, that’s maybe a little aggressive) our new blog homepage. like our previous blog, we will post a ton of cool stuff… - deals, steals, promotions and coupons- exclusive sj news and industry updates- “featured partologist” posts about sj’ers and much, much more. so, don’t touch that remote (by the way, we have a ton of remotes, if you’re looking for one) and visit our blog often! 2 twittert facebookf pinterestp googleg 5copy short url 3 months ago shopjimmy we are the global leader in tv parts, dlp lamps, and tv accessories distribution. we also offer tools for electronics servicers, tv stands and wall mounts, and refurbished tvs. our goal is to deliver the highest quality, lowest-priced products and continue our mission to make you happy. www.shopjimmy.com elsewhere fmgy