来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20131219185210/http://www.shopjimmy.com/contact
================================================================================

shopjimmy contact & faq javascript seems to be disabled in your browser. you must have javascript enabled in your browser to utilize the functionality of this website. happy holidays, friends! use "sjgift3" for 10% off your purchase! review our holiday shipping schedule > (877) 881-6492 / (952) 881-6492 sales@shopjimmy.com tv parts tv parts by tv brand samsung vizio lg sony philips toshiba rca sanyo sharp westinghouse mitsubishi polaroid element proscan insignia > view all brands tv parts by part type power supplies main boards dlp chips sustain boards backlight inverters t-con boards buffer boards ir sensors key controllers logic boards cable kits notable tv parts samsung/mitsubishi/toshiba 4719-001997 dlp chip$184.99 samsung 4719-001981 dlp chip$89.99 dlp lamps original dlp bare lamps philips bare lamps osram bare lamps osram neolux bare lamps phoenix bare lamps > view all bare lamps dlp lamps by tv brand mitsubishi dlp lamps sony dlp lamps samsung dlp lamps toshiba dlp lamps > view all dlp lamps notable dlp lamps mitsubishi 915b403001 dlp replacement lamp$79.99 sony xl-2400 dlp replacement lamp$79.99 a/v accessories tv stands & furnitures universal tv stands tv stands tv wall mounts tv entertainment centers tv racks tv accessories hdmi cables tv remote controls tv power & surge protectors 3dtv glasses tv screen care internet to tv converters tv antennas channel master winegard rohn digitenna > view all antenna products audio audio & speakers turntable accessories amplifiers accessories connectors lighting wire > view all a/v accessories tech tools soldering soldering stations soldering irons soldering tips soldering accessories desoldering desoldering stations desoldering guns desoldering accessories rework systems fume & smoke extraction tools & accessories cleaning & chemicals magnifiers hand tools test equipment accessories cat5 cables batteries notable tech tools hakko 191-212 replacement sensor (10-pack)$32.92 hakko fm203-01 dual port soldering system$549.97 components components capacitors ics transistors transformers resistors eeproms board repair kits diodes shopjimmy steals nichicon 25ut1000 1000uf @ 25v hi temp radial capacitor$1.87 stk392-110 3 channel convergence$16.65 emerson a17f7mpw-001 power supply component repair kit$24.75 lg 47lv4400-ua cov31310801 main board u18 eeprom only$25.00 projector lamps projector lamps sharp toshiba epson benq panasonic nec sony dukane smart optoma jvc mitsubishi dell sanyo hitachi > view all lamps notable projector lamps epson elplp42 replacement projector lamp w/ housing$184.38 epson elplp50 replacement projector lamp w/ housing$207.38 mitsubishi vlt-hc100lp replacement projector lamp$199.72 sharp an-xr10lp replacement projector lamp w/ housing$205.85 my account login failed email address: password: forgot password? my cart (0) returns contact us / faqs about us we are the global leader in tv parts, dlp lamps, and tv accessories distribution. we also offer tools for electronics servicers, tv stands and wall mounts, and refurbished tvs. our goal is to deliver the highest quality, lowest-priced products and continue our mission to make you happy. join the sj crew about us about us blog careers shopjimmy corporate depot solutions purchasing recycling hey there! how can we help you? i have a general/sales question i need to return a product/order i need tech support cool! we're here to help. please complete the form and add details (like tv part number or model number): submit thanks! your tech support question is submitted! we will reply as soon as possible (please allow a little more time on weekends). we're looking forward to helping you!. sounds good. please make sure your return meets the following criteria and then click "start returns process" below (us only): ● is it within 30 days of when you placed this order? ● is the product you're returning over $25 (subtotal, listed price at order date)? ● does the part(s) you’re returning have our shopjimmy identifier? if a part is returned without our identifier, we will send you an email the day we receive it. if we don't hear back from you within a week, we'll give you a call. if two weeks pass after we received your return and we can't get in touch with you, we will be forced to deny the return. ● is your part(s) packed in the original bag, box, and includes original labels? ● will your return arrive at shopjimmy within 30 days of when you received your rma number? please double-check that your return meets the above specifications. incorrect returns will be denied by our returns department and sent back to you at your expense. for more information, please read our complete returns policy. international customers if your return meets the same criteria on this page (to the left), please contact us to receive an rma number. we need to process your return manually at this time. thanks! phone: +1 (877) 881-6492 | email: returns@shopjimmy.com clientes internacionales si su declaración cumple los mismos criterios de esta página (a la izquierda), por favor póngase en contacto con nosotros para recibir un número de rma. tenemos que procesar su devolución manualmente en este momento. gracias! teléfono: +1 (877) 881-6492 | email: returns@shopjimmy.com start returns process > please complete the form below and add as many details as possible! also, please allow up to 24 hours for an answer (it may take a little longer on the weekend). let's get your tv working again! please exercise caution when removing and/or replacing your board from your tv. some tv parts may hold an electrical charge. if you do not feel confident that you can remove and/or replace the tv part safely, please contact your nearest qualified technician. we, shopjimmy.com, are not responsible for any harm that may be caused by this tech support. submit thanks! your tech support question is submitted! we will reply as soon as possible (please allow a little more time on weekends). we're looking forward to helping you!. contact information phonework: (952) 881-6492toll free: (877) 881-6492español: (877) 881-6492 x. 303 emailsales@shopjimmy.comreturns@shopjimmy.comhola@shopjimmy.com address2300 west highway 13burnsville, mn 55337 map > phone hoursmon-fri: 8am - 6pm cstsaturday: 8am - 4pm cst social media frequently asked questions help general questions ayuda en espanol policies & programs customer rewards program us returns policy international returns policy privacy policy search for a part • 	how do i search for a tv part? we always recommend searching by tv part number. partial searches do work. if you don't know how to find your part number, please contact us and we'll be glad to help you. you can also find the brand of the tv and filter by your tv model number and navigate to your specific part. • 	what if the part i want is out of stock? if you go to that part's product page, you'll see a big, green "sign up to be notified…" button. once you login to your shopjimmy account (if you're not already logged-in), it will set a "product alert" for you (you can manage these in your "account dashboard") and we will email you when the part is back in-stock • what if i'm not sure which part i need? contact us. call us. email us. live chat with us. we’re happy to help you figure it out. common questions • do you have a catalog? we don't have a catalog. since our inventory changes rapidly, it's easier for us to stay up-to-date if we display our inventory online. and we like saving trees. • do i need a customer account to make a purchase? nope! you can checkout as a guest. if you do plan on ordering tv parts from us more than once, however, we suggest that you create an account! all of your information is secure and safe. we'll never give your contact information to third parties. for added security, we do not keep your financial information on file. • how do i set-up a customer account? click "my account" at the top right of any page to set-up your account. you can also call us, and one of our friendly customer service representatives will help you set-up your account. all of your information is secure and safe. we'll never give your contact information to third parties. you can save your payment information, but for added security, we do not keep your financial information on file (it's stored through a secure third-party payment gateway). • do you price match other replacement parts distributors? yes! we will match any in-stock, distributor price (with a 90-day warranty). if you see a lower price online, call or email us. show us the link to our competitor’s page with their pricing, and if they have a 90-day warranty and the part is in-stock, we’ll match their price! any other customer/group discounts will not be added/applied to price match quotes. while we offer customer discounts to frequent buyers, we don't match competitors' customer discounts. • do you price match ebay sellers? yes and no. we review these on a case-by-case basis. show us a link to their product’s pricing, and we’ll work with you to determine a fair price. • how do i update my customer information? click “my account” at the top right of any page to login to your account. from there, you will find “my dashboard,” where you'll be able to edit all of your customer information. • what if i forgot my password? please call or email us and we'll help you reset your password. • when will you ship my order and when will i receive it? if you place an order before 3:15 pm cst (monday - friday), we will ship your order that day! all purchases made after 3:15 pm cst will ship the next business day. unless you upgrade your shipping method, any order in the us will arrive at your doorstep in 1-5 business days (depending on how close you live to us -- we're in minnesota). some of our products do have lead times, so please make sure to note that and factor it into your order's time-in-transit. • can i cancel my order after it's placed? unfortunately, our system doesn't allow that. you will need to contact our returns department once you receive your order to start the return and refund process. your refund/credit may be subject to a restocking fee. shipping • do you ship orders the same day? yes, we will ship any orders with in-stock products the same day before 3:15 pm cst (monday - friday). any order placed after 3:15 pm cst will be shipped promptly the next business day (monday - friday). if your order contains back-ordered products, please reference those products' expected shipping date on their product page. some of our products also do have lead times, so please make sure to note that and factor it into your order's time-in-transit. • when will i receive tracking information for my order? as soon as your order is inspected, packed and ready to ship, we will email you your tracking information. please contact us immediately if you don't receive this information within one business day. • can you ship internationally? yes, we can ship our products to just about every country on this great, green earth. we cannot ship to p.o. boxes at this time, however. payment • what forms of payment do you accept? we accept american express, visa, mastercard, discover, paypal, and credit card "gift certificates." • is it safe to use my credit card or debit card on your site? yes. we use secure sockets layer (ssl) technology to ensure the privacy and security of your information. we're also a verified authorize.net merchant. we might be jokesters at times, but the security of your information is no joking matter. • what do you do with my payment information? we value the security of your payment information, so we never keep it on file (it's stored through a secure third-party payment gateway if you save it). for billing and management, you will be able to view the type of credit card used and the last four digits of the card. we, shopjimmy.com, can not access your payment information at any time. • do you have any core charges? no. we don't have any core charges. we're hardcore like that. about us • 	who the heck are you? glad you asked! we're a tv replacement parts supplier located in majestic, mild (we wish!) burnsville, mn. we have a growing inventory of over 500,000 tv parts. our specialty, besides rooting for the twins and vikings, are tv boards and dlp lamps and chips. we also sell refurbished tvs, universal tv stands, tv remotes, front projector lamps, and various other electronics accessories. most importantly, we pride ourselves as having the lowest prices online, as well as, the best customer service in the industry! • 	where are you located? burnsville, mn. we try to incorporate our honest, midwestern values in every facet of our business. • 	what kind of inventory do you have? the majority of our inventory is tv replacement parts, but we also carry refurbished tvs, universal tv stands, tv remotes, and various other electronics accessories. you can search our entire inventory by product type or keyword, such as "lcd" or "backlight inverter" or "sony.” if you're looking for a replacement tv part, we suggest starting your search by its part number. • 	where do you get your parts? the majority of our parts are reclaimed from new tvs damaged during freight shipping. we also source and manufacture certain tv parts to meet demand. • 	are your parts new or used? neither? our parts are "reclaimed" or "harvested." technically, we can't say they're "new" because they don't have an oem number and we didn't purchase them from the manufacturer. but, they're not "used" because we reclaimed them from new tvs damaged during shipping. we do, however, source various "new" tv parts direct from manufacturers. • 	do you inspect your parts? from reclaiming to shipping, all of our parts go through a three-point inspection. our defective part return rate is around 3% (not too shabby for our industry) and dropping. • 	do you sell replacement tv screens? we do offer a limited selection of panels . • 	how are you giving back to the community? we donate all proceeds from remote control sales to the children's hospitals and clinics of minnesota. we also like to volunteer from time to time. • what are you doing to better the environment? check out our "about us" page. we have a pretty cool e-waste ticker that shows how many pounds of electronics waste we've recycled since 2007! busqueda de parte • 	como puedo buscar la(s) parte(s) que necesito? le recomendamos que busque el número de la parte(s) primero. las búsquedas parciales también funcionan. usted también puede buscar la parte(s) que necesita ingresando el modelo de la tv. • 	que información necesito para buscar una parte? aquí hay un ejemplo. para la busque de una parte de un televisor sony: 1.para modelos de sony, típicamente los ponemos en una lista como "kdl-xxxxxxx", permitiéndose buscar tan ampliamente o específicamente como usted desee. 2.si usted busca "kdl-40", usted verá una lista de partes para 40" bravias. 3.si usted busca "los kdl-40s", usted estrechará su búsqueda a la serie s de 40" bravias. 4.si usted busca"kdl-40s2100" o "kdl-40s3000", usted encontrará el modelo específico. • 	y si la parte que busco no esta en existencia? si usted va a la página de producto de la parte que esta buscando, usted verá la opción que dice requerir esta parte (request this tv part). esta opción le dará la oportunidad de completar a una forma, en donde en cuanto nosotros tengamos esa parte que estud esta buscando.nos aseguraremos de ponernos en contacto con usted inmediatamente para notificarle que ya tenemos la parte disponible. • 	ofrecen apoyo técnico? no. en este momento no ofrecemos apoyo técnico. si tiene alguna pregunta de una parte, por favor contacte al gerente de partes, grace (grace@shopjimmy.com). • 	que pasa si no estoy seguro de cual es la parte que estoy buscando? (si no se cual es el numero de la parte)? nate es nuestro experto gerente de partes. envíele un correo electrónico (hola@shopjimmy.com) con cualquier pregunta. preguntas comunes • 	tienen un catalogo de partes? no. no tenemos un catálogo de partes. ya que nuestro inventario cambia rápidamente, es más fácil para nosotros mantenernos actualizados si mostramos nuestro inventario en línea. y de esta manera también salvamos arboles. • 	necesito abrir una cuenta de cliente nuevo para hacer una compra? sí. para hacer una compra en línea, usted tiene que crear una cuenta de cliente. no sólo nos ayuda a manejar órdenes, sino que también esto simplifica y acelera futuras órdenes y/o pedidos que usted realice. presione en mi cuenta (my account) en la parte superior de cualquier página para comenzar el proceso rápido. toda su información es segura y no la compartimos con nadie. nunca daremos su información de contacto a terceros. para la seguridad añadida, no guardamos su información financiera en el archivo. • 	cómo puedo crear una cuenta de cliente? presione en la opción que dice mi cuenta (my account) en la parte superior de cualquier página para crear su cuenta. usted también puede llamarnos, y uno de nuestros representantes de servicio de cliente le ayudará crear su cuenta. toda su información es segura. nunca compartiremos su información personal a terceros. por razones de seguridad, no guardamos su información financiera en nuestra base de datos. • 	ustedes igualan el precio de otros distribuidores de partes? sí. superaremos cualquier precio de partes que tengan disponible los distribuidores (con una garantía de 90 días) por un 15 %. si usted encuentra un precio mas económico en línea, llame o envíenos un correo electrónico. ¡muéstrenos el sitio de la página de nuestro competidor con el precio, y si ellos tienen una garantía de 90 días y la parte esta disponible, superaremos su precio por 15%! • ustedes igualan el precio de vendedores de ebay? sí y no. nosotros analizaremos caso por caso. muéstrenos el sitio de la pagina con el precio que ellos tienen del producto, y trabajaremos con usted para determinar un precio justo. • ofrecen descuentos para tiendas de reparación? sí. ofrecemos el 15 % de descuento y los gastos de envió gratis (en órdenes más de 75 dólares) a todos los miembros de nesda (asociación nacional de negocios de servicios de electrónica). también damos descuentos al "cliente frecuente". determinamos estos descuentos basados en la cantidad de órdenes cada trimestre. para más información, favor de ponerse en contacto con adam@shopjimmy.com. • como actualizo mi información de cliente? presiona en la opción de mi cuenta (my account) de cualquier página en la entrada al sistema de su cuenta. desde allí, usted encontrará 'mi tablero (dashboard) de instrumentos, donde usted podrá corregir y actualizar toda su información de como cliente. • y si olvido mi contraseña? por favor llámenos o envíenos un correo electrónico y le ayudaremos a reiniciar su contraseña. pago • 	que formas de pago aceptan? aceptamos american express,visa, mastercard, discover, y la tarjetas de regalo. también aceptamos cheques o giros postales: enviaremos su compra tan pronto como lo recibamos. • 	es seguro usar mi tarjeta de crédito o débito en su sitio de internet? si. nosotros usamos tecnología ssl para asegurar su privacidad y seguridad de su información. también somos un comerciante autorizado y verificado (authorize.net). podemos tener sentido del humor a veces, pero la seguridad de su información no es ninguna broma. • qué hacen ustedes con mi información de pago? valoramos la seguridad de su información de pago, por eso nunca lo guardamos en nuestro archivo de datos. aseguramos y ajustamos la información de pago de cada transacción. para manejo de facturación, usted será capaz de ver el tipo de la tarjeta de crédito usada y los últimos cuatro dígitos de la tarjeta. • tienen cargos de core (que usted necesite traer o mandar la parte que ya no sirve)? no. nosotros le vamos a cobrar por eso. de hecho nosotros no requerimos que usted la envíe. quienes somos • quienes son ustedes? somos un proveedor de repuestos de electrónica localizado en bloomington, mn. tenemos un inventario creciente de más de 200,000 partes. nuestra especialidad, son partes y refacciones de televisores. también estamos orgullosos por tener los precios más bajos en línea, y de esta manera poder ayudar devolviendo a la industria que nos ha dado éxito — la industria de servicio en electrónica. • en donde están localizados? en bloomington, mn. tratamos de incorporar nuestros valores honestos, del medio oeste en cada área de nuestro negocio. • que tipo de inventario tienen? la mayoría de nuestro inventario es refacciones de televisores, y también algunas partes de de monitores. usted puede buscar nuestro inventario entero por la palabra clave, como por ejemplo: "lcd" o "backlight inverter" o "sony" . usted también puede realizar una búsqueda utilizando el numero de parte (forma sugerida). • de donde consiguen las partes? la mayoría de nuestras partes que vendemos, las obtenemos de televisores nuevos, que han sido dañados en su parte exterior durante su traslado de una bodega a otra. • sus partes son nuevas o usadas? ¿ninguno de las dos? técnicamente, no podemos decir que son "nuevas" porque no tienen un número de oem y no las compramos del fabricante. pero, no son "usadas" porque las obtenemos de televisiones nuevas que has sido dañadas por la parte exterior durante su embarque. • inspeccionan sus partes? desde su llegada a el de envíos, todas nuestras partes pasan por una inspección de tres puntos. nuestro porcentaje de partes que regresan defectuosas, está alrededor del 3 % (no esta nada mal para una compañía industrial) y este porcentaje ha ido disminuyendo. • que es una parte reconstruida de shopjimmy? nuestras partes reconstruidas son reparadas y probadas (según el defecto) por nuestros técnicos en nuestra bodega. algunas de estas partes pueden tener defectos "cosméticos" (conectores rotos, pequeñas grietas, o señales de quemaduras), pero estos defectos no afectarán el funcionamiento las mismas. nuestras partes reconstruidas llevan la misma garantía que nuestras partes nuevas/no usadas. • por qué debería yo comprar partes electrónicas con ustedes? nosotros venceremos cualquier precio de distribuidor (con 90 días de garantía) por 15%. nosotros ofrecemos descuentos a compradores frecuentes, tiendas de reparación, y miembros de nesda. todas nuestras ordenes son enviadas el mismo día si son compradas antes de las 3:15 pm cst (lunes- viernes). • cuales son sus pólizas de envió y devolución? en la parte superior de esta pagina, observara una opción para preguntas de envíos y devolución. esto lo llevará a una descripción completa de nuestras pólizas. usted también las puede encontrar al en la parte de hasta abajo de esta pagina. • como aportan a la comunidad? donamos todas las ganancias que obtenemos de la venta de controles remoto a los hospitales y clínicas de niños en minnesota. también nos gusta ser voluntarios de ves en cuando par diferentes organizaciones. • que están haciendo para mejorar el medio ambiente? realmente hacemos mucho! de hecho, hemos dedicado una página entera a nuestros esfuerzos "verdes". usted puede aprender más en: www.shopjimmy.com/recycling • necesita ayuda! como puedo hablar con alguien? buena pregunta! llámenos al (877) 881-6492 o al (952) 881-6492. estamos aquí para ayudarle de lunes - viernes de 8:00 am a 6:00 pm cst y sábados - domingos de 10 am a 4 pm cst. envíenos un correo electrónico a cualquier hora a hola@shopjimmy.com. shopjimmy customer rewards program we love our customers and want to reward loyalty and industry experience. our shopjimmy customer groups are our way of letting the cream rise to the top (in jimmy's case, he'd prefer sour cream). here is how these groups work… every week, we run an evaluation that looks at the past three months of sales and returns. we then average the sales and calculate return rates, accounting for defective returns and "wrong part sent" orders. we also add a little more padding to the return rate to make sure we didn't miss anything. we want to give you the benefit of the doubt, of course. with these two data points -- average sales and return rate over the past three months -- we separate everyone into our customer groups. we upgrade accounts weekly and downgrade accounts monthly. easy enough, right? shopjimmy group levels groupmonthly sales averagemonthly return rateorder discountshipping discountother perks more than $300less than 5%20% free shipping on orders over $75, $6 2-day upgrade on orders over $100 (us only) shop listed on our "tv repair shop locator", no restocking fees more than $200less than 10%15% free shipping on orders over $100, $8 2-day upgrade on orders over $120 (us only) shop listed on our "tv repair shop locator", no restocking fees more than $100less than 15%10% free shipping on orders over $150, $10 2-day upgrade on orders over $150 (us only) shop listed on our "tv repair shop locator" more ways to save if you find a lower price from another distributor (in-stock, 90-day warranty), we will match that price and it will be another order toward you getting into a better shopjimmy discount group. if you have 2+ dlp lamps in an order, you will receive free shipping on that order. login to your shopjimmy account and subscribe to our weekly newsletter. we always enjoy filling your inbox with discounts. like us on facebook. we can promise no cat photos. we can't promise no coupons. give us a shout start saving money on each shopjimmy order. give us a call or shoot us an email today! we'll make sure you're on the road to savings. us returns policy all returns please make sure to follow these guidelines when returning your part(s) to ensure the proper and efficient processing of your return. incorrect returns will be denied by our returns department and sent back to you at your expense. to prevent denied returns, we’ve provided you with an easy checklist: ● is it within 30 days of when you placed this order? ● is the product you're returning over $25 (subtotal, listed price at order date)? ● does the part(s) you’re returning have our shopjimmy identifier? if a part is returned without our identifier, we will send you an email the day we receive it. if we don't hear back from you within a week, we'll give you a call. if two weeks pass after we received your return and we can't get in touch with you, we will be forced to deny the return. ● is your part(s) packed in the original bag, box, and includes original labels? ● will your return arrive at shopjimmy within 30 days of when you received your rma number? please double-check that your return meets the above specifications. incorrect returns will be denied by our returns department and sent back to you at your expense. for more information, please read our complete returns policy. new / unused returns we will take back any new/unused product over $25 (subtotal). returned orders will not be processed without a valid rma number. rma numbers are available for 30 days after the order date. new/unused purchases can be returned at the purchaser's expense for a refund, minus the initial shipping charge on the purchase. our returns department must receive your return within 30 days after you received your rma number. if we do not receive your return within 30 days of your rma number, your payment information on file will be charged the cost of your replacement product, the rma will be closed, and you will be the happy owner of that part/order. if you are a shopjimmy gray or white member (login to your account if you're not sure and you'll see your group membership on your "account dashboard"), you will be charged a 20% restocking fee for any new/unused product (up to $25). components there are no new/unused returns on components, as each component is new. we will also not accept any components that appear to be tampered with or previously installed. however, all of our components do carry a doa warranty. if you encounter a doa component, please contact our returns department. expired credit cards / store credit if your credit card expires before the date of your refund, we will give you shopjimmy store credit that matches the full amount of your refund. store credit can not be redeemed for cash or check. defective / warranty claims every tv part we sell is backed by a 180-day warranty (some replacement dlp lamps carry a 12-month warranty) from the original order date. this warranty protects you from dead-on-arrival (doa) and defective tv parts. any product under $25 (subtotal) does not need to be returned; we will give you a full refund in shopjimmy store credit. our returns department must receive your return within 30 days after you received your rma number. if we do not receive your return within 30 days of your rma number, your payment information on file will be charged the cost of your replacement product, the rma will be closed, and you will be the happy owner of that part/order. for security purposes, all of our tv parts are marked with our shopjimmy identifier, so your warranty claim will be visually inspected for that identifying marking. if this marking is not present on the tv part(s), the claim will be denied and you will be notified by phone. if your warranty claim is accepted, we will send you a replacement part(s). if we do not have a compatible, replacement part in-stock, we will refund you: - within 3 months of your order date: we will refund you in full via the payment method you used to place the order. - after 3 months (and up to the end of the warranty period): we will refund you in full via shopjimmy credit, which can be used toward future shopjimmy purchases with no expiration. if you are a certified technician and your warranty claim is denied, you will be charged the return shipping cost (the cost of the return shipping label). our restocking fee (20% for non-registered technicians) may also apply to denied warranty claims. international returns policy all returns please make sure to follow these guidelines when returning your part(s) to ensure the proper and efficient processing of your return. incorrect returns will be denied by our returns department and sent back to you at your expense. to prevent denied returns, we’ve provided you with an easy checklist: ● is it within 30 days of when you placed this order? ● is the product you're returning over $25 (subtotal, listed price at order date)? ● does the part(s) you’re returning have our shopjimmy identifier? if a part is returned without our identifier, we will send you an email the day we receive it. if we don't hear back from you within a week, we'll give you a call. if two weeks pass after we received your return and we can't get in touch with you, we will be forced to deny the return. ● is your part(s) packed in the original bag, box, and includes original labels? ● will your return arrive at shopjimmy within 30 days of when you received your rma number? please double-check that your return meets the above specifications. incorrect returns will be denied by our returns department and sent back to you at your expense. for more information, please read our complete returns policy. new / unused returns we will take back any new or unused product over $25 (listed price). the email must include: order number, part number(s) returned, model and serial number of tv repaired, and the reason for return (if defective, include a detailed description of defective symptoms). returned orders will not be processed without a valid rma number. rma numbers are available for 30 days after the delivery date. new/unused purchases can be returned at the purchaser's expense for a refund, minus the initial shipping charge on the purchase. you are liable for any import, export, or excise taxes and fees. our returns department must receive your return within 30 days after you received your rma number. our returns department must receive your return within 30 days after you received your rma number. if we do not receive your return within 45 days of your rma number, your payment information on file will be charged the cost of your replacement product, the rma will be closed, and you will be the happy owner of that part/order. if you are a shopjimmy gray or white member (login to your account if you're not sure and you'll see your group membership on your "account dashboard"), you will be charged a 20% restocking fee for any new/unused products (up to $25). all international return shipping costs will be initially paid by the customer. once the return is received and verified by our returns department, return shipping costs for "defective" and "wrong part sent" claims are eligible for a refund. those refunds will be paid out in shopjimmy store credit. a return shipping receipt will be required for all return shipping refunds. components there are no new/unused returns on components, as each component is new. we will also not accept any components that appear to be tampered with or previously installed. however, all of our components do carry a doa warranty. if you encounter a doa component, please contact our returns department. expired credit cards if your credit card expires before the date of your refund, we will give you shopjimmy store credit that matches the full amount of your refund. defective / warranty claims every tv part we sell is backed by a 180-day warranty (some replacement dlp lamps carry a 12-month warranty) from the original order date. this warranty protects you from dead-on-arrival (doa) and defective tv parts. any product under $25 (subtotal) does not need to be returned; we will give you a full refund in shopjimmy store credit. we also refund any shipping costs in shopjimmy store credit. our returns department must receive your return within 30 days after you received your rma number. if we do not receive your return within 30 days of your rma number, your payment information on file will be charged the cost of your replacement product, the rma will be closed, and you will be the happy owner of that part/order. for security purposes, all of our tv parts are marked with our shopjimmy identifier, so your warranty claim will be visually inspected for that identifying marking. if this marking is not present on the tv part(s), the claim will be denied and you will be notified by phone. if your warranty claim is accepted, we will send you a replacement part(s). if we do not have a compatible, replacement part in-stock, we will refund you: - within 3 months of your order date: we will refund you in full via the payment method you used to place the order. - after 3 months (and up to the end of the warranty period): we will refund you in full via shopjimmy credit, which can be used toward future shopjimmy purchases with no expiration. our restocking fee (20% for non-registered technicians) may apply to denied warranty claims. you are liable for any import, export, or excise taxes and fees. privacy policy & disclaimer | effective 5/20/2013 this privacy policy applies to http://www.shopjimmy.com owned and operated by shopjimmy.com, llc (“shopjimmy.com”). this privacy policy describes how shopjimmy.com collects and uses the personal information you provide on our website (http://www.shopjimmy.com). it also describes the choices available to you regarding our use of your personal information and how you can access and update this information. shopjimmy.com has been awarded truste's privacy seal signifying that this privacy policy and practices have been reviewed by truste for compliance with truste's program requirements including transparency, accountability and choice regarding the collection and use of your personal information. the truste program covers information collected through this website, shopjimmy.com. truste's mission, as an independent third party, is to accelerate online trust among consumers and organizations globally through its leading privacy trustmark and innovative trust solutions. if you have questions or complaints regarding our privacy policy or practices, please contact us. if you are not satisfied with our response you can contact truste. information collection & use we collect the following personal information from you: contact information such as name, email address, mailing address, phone number billing information such as credit card number, and billing address unique identifiers such as user name and password preferences information such as product wish lists, order history, marketing preferences we use this information to: fulfill your order send you an order confirmation send you requested product or service information send product updates or warranty information respond to customer service requests administer your account send you marketing communications respond to your questions and concerns information sharing we will share your personal information with third parties only in the ways that are described in this privacy statement. we do not sell your personal information to third parties. we may also disclose your personal information: as required by law, such as to comply with a subpoena, or similar legal process, when we believe in good faith that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights, protect your safety or the safety of others, investigate fraud, or respond to a government request, if shopjimmy.com is involved in a merger, acquisition, or sale of all or a portion of its assets, you will be notified via email and/or a prominent notice on our web site of any change in ownership or uses of your personal information, as well as any choices you may have regarding your personal information, to any other third party with your prior consent to do so. user access & choice if your personal information changes, or if you no longer desire our service, you may correct, update, amend, delete/remove, or deactivate it by making the change in your shopjimmy account, or by emailing our customer service team at sales@shopjimmy.com, contacting us by phone, or postal mail at the contact information listed below. we will retain your information for as long as your account is active or as needed to provide you services. we will retain and use your information as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements. opt-out preferences if you wish to subscribe to our newsletter(s), we will use your name and email address to send the newsletter to you. out of respect for your privacy, you may choose to stop receiving our newsletter or marketing emails by following the unsubscribe instructions included in these emails, accessing the email preferences in your shopjimmy account or you can contact us. security we use secure sockets layer (ssl) technology to ensure the privacy and security of your personal information and payment information. we never keep payment information on file. we secure and adjust payment information every transaction. for billing and management, you will be able to view the type of credit card used and the last four digits of the card. we follow generally accepted standards to protect the personal information submitted to us, both during transmission and once we receive it. no method of transmission over the internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure, however. therefore, we cannot guarantee its absolute security. if you have any questions about security on our website please contact us. service providers we may provide your personal information to companies that provide services to help us with our business activities such as shipping your order or offering customer service. these companies are authorized to use your personal information only as necessary to provide these services to us. personal information we value your personal information and will never sell or give your information to third parties. additionally, like we stated previously, we do not store payment information. since we are a google trusted store, third party vendors, including google, use cookies to serve their trusted store badge on our website and may serve ads based on your prior visits to our site. of course, you can easily opt out of google's use of cookies by visiting the google advertising opt-out page. tracking technologies / cookies a cookie is a small text file that is stored on a user’s computer for record-keeping purposes. we use cookies on this site. we do not link the information we store in cookies to any personal information you submit while on our site. we use session id cookies: a session id cookie expires when you close your browser. a persistent cookie remains on your hard drive for an extended period of time. if you reject cookies, you may still use our site, but your ability to use some areas of our site, such as shopping cart functionality, will be limited. web beacons / gifs we employ a software technology called clear gifs (a.k.a., web beacons/web bugs), that help us better manage content on our site by informing us what content is effective. clear gifs are tiny graphics with a unique identifier, similar in function to cookies, and are used to track the online movements of web users. in contrast to cookies, which are stored on a user’s computer hard drive, clear gifs are embedded invisibly on web pages and are about the size of the period at the end of this sentence. we do not tie the information gathered by clear gifs to our customers’ personal information. we use clear gifs in our html-based emails to let us know which emails have been opened by recipients. this allows us to gauge the effectiveness of certain communications and the effectiveness of our marketing campaigns. if you would like to opt-out of these emails, please see “choice and opt-out.” 3rd party tracking the use of cookies by our partners, affiliates, tracking utility company, or service providers is not covered by our privacy policy. we do not have access or control over these cookies. our partners, affiliates, tracking utility company, or service providers also use session id cookies to make it easier for you to navigate our site, in order for you to use the shopping cart, etc. our third party partners employ clear gifs (a.k.a. web beacons/web bugs), images, and scripts that help them better manage various content on our site. we do not tie the information gathered to our customers’ or users’ personal information. links to 3rd party sites our site includes links to other websites whose privacy practices may differ from those of shopjimmy.com. if you submit personal information to any of those sites, your information is governed by their privacy policies. we encourage you to carefully read the privacy policy of any website you visit. blog / forum our website offers publicly accessible blogs or community forums. you should be aware that any information you provide in these areas may be read, collected, and used by others who access them. to request removal of your personal information from our blog or community forum, please contact us. in some cases, we may not be able to remove your personal information, in which case we will let you know if we are unable to do so and why. single sign-on you can log in to our site using sign-in services such as facebook connect or an open id provider. these services will authenticate your identity and provide you the option to share certain personal information with us such as your name and email address to pre-populate our sign up form. services like facebook connect give you the option to post information about your activities on this web site to your profile page to share with others within your network. social media widgets our website includes social media features, such as the facebook "like" button (and widgets, such as the "share this" button or interactive mini-programs that run on our site. these features may collect your ip address, which page you are visiting on our site, and may set a cookie to enable the feature to function properly. social media features and widgets are either hosted by a third party or hosted directly on our site. your interactions with these features are governed by the privacy policy of the company providing it. chat we use a chat feature to assist you with customer service. if our chat feature is offline we will collect your name and email address so that we may reply to your request. changes to this policy we may update this privacy policy to reflect changes to our information practices. if we make any material changes we will notify you by email (sent to the e-mail address specified in your account) or by means of a notice on this site prior to the change becoming effective. we encourage you to periodically review this page for the latest information on our privacy practices. contact us shopjimmy.com2300 west highway 13 burnsville, mn 55337877-881-6492sales@shopjimmy.com about shopjimmy - we, shopjimmy, are the global leader in tv parts and accessories, front projector lamps, and refurbished tvs distribution. our goal is to deliver the highest quality, lowest-priced tv parts and products, reduce e-waste, and continue our mission to make you happy. returns policy | privacy statement | customer rewards 952-881-6492 | 877-881-6492 | sales@shopjimmy.com © 2013 shopjimmy.com, llc. all rights reserved. shopjimmy.com the highest quality, lowest-priced tv parts, dlp lamps, tv stands, refurbished tvs, & more! 400,000+ television parts, 300+ brands: vizio, lg, samsung, sony, philips & more! http://www.shopjimmy.com/skin/frontend/enterprise/sjtheme/images/shopjimmy-logo.png http://www.shopjimmy.com 2300 west highway 13 burnsville mn 55337 877-881-6492 952-881-6492 sales@shopjimmy.com 192.240.170.180 2013-12-16 23:15:24