来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20211231211332/https://www.shopjimmy.com/faq
================================================================================

frequently asked questions | shopjimmy tv repair made easy | sales@shopjimmy.com toggle menu search offer tv parts all tv parts boards all boards backlight inverters bluetooth modules buffer boards circuit boards digital boards dvd assemblies frc boards intg. power supplies (lips) ir sensors key controllers led drivers main / power supply boards main boards main logic boards power supply boards power supply / x-main boards scaler boards side a/v board sustain boards t-con boards terminal boards tuner boards wi-fi modules x-sustain boards x/y-sustain boards y-sustain boards z-sustain boards cables dlp lamps remote controls all remote controls universal remote controls speakers tv repair kits tv stands / mounts all tv stands / mounts orig. manufacturer tv stands universal tv stands universal tv wall mounts led strips components all components board repair kits capacitors diodes fuses ics resistors screws transformers transistors tech tools all tech tools accessories cleaning and chemicals desoldering fume extraction hand tools magnifiers rework solder/desolder equipment soldering test equipment appliance parts all appliance parts air conditioner parts all air conditioner parts portable air conditioner parts window air conditioner parts vacuum parts all vacuum parts bissell vacuum parts eureka vacuum parts hoover vacuum parts shark vacuum parts dishwasher parts dryer parts range/stove/oven parts refrigerator parts washing machine parts shop all usd australian dollar british pound canadian dollar euro mexican peso us dollars compare sign in or register account 0 your cart home faq faq navigating our new website how do i access my account and order history? 1. if you have an account with us and made a purchase after 2018, please use the "forgot password" feature to create a new password. click "account" at the top right of any page (or the person icon on your phone) and then click the "forgot your password?" link under the "sign in" section. we will email you with a link to reset your password. if you don't receive the forgot password email, please reach out to us. 2. follow the email prompt and link to create a new password. once you've successfully created a password, you will need to log in using this new password to view your account and order history. if you're still having trouble accessing your account, please don't fret! hit this link to contact our customer service team and we'll help you as soon as possible. are all of my past orders in my account? we are almost finished importing historical order data. you should be able to view all of your past orders by august 7th, 2020. why aren't my recent orders displaying in my account? they actually are displaying in your account (we promise!), however you may need to scroll down or view the next page to access these orders. this is due to the continual process of importing orders from our old system. we apologize for the confusion. pro tip: new/recent orders will have product images! how do i find tracking info on a shipped order? as soon as your order ships, we will send you an email with tracking info. if you don't receive this email or can't find it in your inbox, you can also locate the order in your account and click the "order details" link to view tracking info and more details. are my saved billing and shipping addresses in your new system? unfortunately, we could only migrate over your default billing address. please go to your account and click on the "addresses" link. you will be able to add any new addresses (billing or shipping) via this page. are my saved credit cards in your new system? for the safety of your payment info, we did not migrate any payment data to our new system. please go to your account and click on the "payment methods" link. from there, you can add and save any credit cards you want to use regularly. my orders used to be tax exempt. what happened? if this is the case for you on our new website, please email an updated resale certificate to us (sales@shopjimmy.com) and we'll get everything squared away asap. i have a billing account. will i still be able to check out with a purchase order number? yes! when you get to the payment method step during the checkout process, you will see the "purchase order" option. if this option isn't displaying for you, please contact us. if you have any other questions about our new website or your account information, please reach out to us. we're happy to help! search for a part how do i search for a tv part? we always recommend searching by tv part number. partial part number searches do work. if you don't know how to find your part number, please contact us and we'll be glad to help you. you can also visit our youtube channel. we have lots of great tutorials on finding part numbers for different brands and tv types. you can also search by your tv model number to narrow your results, however some tv models have different part numbers. what if the item i want is out of stock? if you go to that items's product page, you'll see a field to enter your email address. as soon as that item is back in-stock, we will notify you via email! what if i'm not sure which part i need? while we're not offering tech support at the moment, there are a few easy ways for you to get on track to fixing your tv... 1. check out our tv tech support videos on our youtube channel. we cover a variety of tv make/model/part diagnoses and fixes. 2. another great online tech support resource is a website called fixya.com. you can post a question for free and their certified techs will (hopefully!) respond to your question promptly. 3. lastly, don't hesitate to contact your local tv repair shop! they're always knowledgeable and ready to help. when you figure out which tv part(s) you need, please reach out to us again and we'd be happy to help you track them down. thanks for your understanding and we look forward to hearing from you again soon! common questions do i need a customer account to make a purchase? nope! you can checkout as a guest. if you do plan on ordering tv parts from us more than once, however, we suggest that you create an account! all of your information is secure and safe. we'll never give your contact information to third parties. for added security, we do not keep your financial information on file. how do i set-up a customer account? click "account" at the top right of any page to set-up your account. you can also email us, and one of our friendly customer service representatives will help you set-up your account. all of your information is secure and safe. we'll never give your contact information to third parties. you can save your payment information, but for added security, we do not keep your financial information on file. do you price match other replacement parts distributors? yes! we will match any in-stock, distributor price (with a 90-day warranty). if you see a lower price online, please email us. show us the link to our competitor’s page with their pricing, and if they have a 90-day warranty and the part is in-stock, we’ll match their price! any other customer/group discounts will not be added/applied to price match quotes. while we offer customer discounts to frequent buyers, we don't match competitors' customer discounts. do you price match ebay sellers? yes and no. we review these on a case-by-case basis. show us a link to their product’s pricing, and we’ll work with you to determine a fair price. how do i update my customer information? click “account” at the top right of any page to log into your account. from there, you will find links to edit all of your customer information. what if i forgot my password? click "account" at the top right of any page and then click the "forgot your password?" link under the "sign in" section. we will email you with a link to reset your password. when will you ship my order and when will i receive it? if you place an order before 3:15 pm ct (monday - friday), we will ship your order that day! all purchases made after 3:15 pm ct will ship the next business day. unless you upgrade your shipping method, any order in the us will arrive at your doorstep in 1-5 business days (depending on how close you live to us -- we're in minnesota). can i cancel my order after it's placed? unfortunately, our system doesn't allow that. you will need to contact us once you receive your order to start the return and refund process. your refund/credit may be subject to a restocking fee. shipping do you ship orders the same day? yes, we will ship any orders with in-stock products the same day before 3:15 pm cst (monday - friday). any order placed after 3:15 pm cst will be shipped promptly the next business day (monday - friday). if your order contains back-ordered products, please reference those products' expected shipping date on their product page. some of our products also do have lead times, so please make sure to note that and factor it into your order's time-in-transit. please note that the shipping carriers and methods we use only deliver monday - friday. when will i receive tracking information for my order? as soon as your order is inspected, packed and ready to ship, we will send you an email with tracking information. please contact us immediately if you don't receive this information within one business day. can you ship internationally? yes, we can ship our products to just about every country on this great, green earth. we cannot ship to p.o. boxes at this time. payment what forms of payment do you accept? we accept american express, visa, mastercard, discover, paypal, and amazon pay. what do you do with my payment information? we value the security of your payment information, so we never keep it on file (it's stored through a secure third-party). we, shopjimmy, can not access your complete payment information at any time. about us who the heck are you? glad you asked! we're a tv replacement parts supplier located in majestic, mild (we wish!) burnsville, mn. we have a growing inventory of over 600,000 tv parts, tv stands, tech tools, led strips and much more. we also carry some appliance and vacuum replacement parts. most importantly, we pride ourselves as having the lowest prices online, as well as, the best customer service in the industry! where are you located? burnsville, mn (just south of minneapolis). we try to incorporate our honest, midwestern values in every facet of our business. what kind of inventory do you have? the majority of our inventory is tv replacement parts, but we also carry universal tv stands, tv remotes, tv tech tools, led strips, components, and a lot of other items to help you fix tvs. we also recently started offering appliance parts and shark vacuum parts. you can search our entire inventory by product type or keyword, such as "lcd" or "backlight inverter" or "sony.” if you're looking for a replacement tv part, we suggest starting your search by its part number. where do you get your parts? most of our parts are reclaimed from new tvs damaged during freight shipping. we also source and manufacture certain tv parts to meet demand. are your parts new or used? some of our tv parts, like many of our led backlight strips, are brand new. most of our tv parts, however, are "reclaimed" or "harvested." technically, we can't say they're "new" because they don't have an oem number and we didn't purchase them from the manufacturer. but, they're not "used" because we reclaimed them from new tvs damaged during shipping. do you inspect your parts? from reclaiming to shipping, all of our parts go through a three-point inspection. our defective part return rate is around 3% (not too shabby for our industry) and dropping. do you sell replacement tv screens or panels? sorry! we don't carry any replacement tv panels or screens. replacement tv panels and screens are usually quite expensive for customers and tough to stock for us. however, if you'd like to continue searching for a panel, the two most important pieces of information to have are your tv model number (found on the back of your tv) and your tv panel number (found on the inside of your tv on the back of the panel). unfortunately, you should expect to spend about 80% of the cost of your tv on a replacement panel. we hope this information is helpful! × ok information about us contact us shipping & returns faq reviews search help tv repair tips tech support sj rewards program sj careers privacy policy categories tv parts tv stands / mounts led strips components tech tools appliance parts shop all shop by brand contact sales@shopjimmy.com2300 west highway 13burnsville, mn 55337 get 10% off your first order! subscribe to our newsletter. save on your order (and get future deals). say no to spam. © 2022 shopjimmy