来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20241207151845/https://www.shopjimmy.com/privacy
================================================================================

privacy policy | shopjimmy become a supplier repair made easy | read reviews from happy customers | we're here to help! toggle menu search add to cart account 0 your cart offer tv parts boards backlight inverters bluetooth modules dvd assemblies frc boards intg. power supplies (lips) ir sensors key controllers led drivers main / power supply boards main boards main logic boards power supply boards power supply / x-main boards scaler boards side a/v board sustain boards t-con boards terminal boards tuner boards wi-fi modules x-sustain boards x/y-sustain boards y-sustain boards z-sustain boards all boards led light strips tv repair kits tv stands / mounts orig. manufacturer tv stands universal tv stands universal tv wall mounts all tv stands / mounts remote controls components board repair kits capacitors diodes eeproms fuses ics resistors screws transformers transistors all components dlp lamps speakers cables all tv parts appliance parts large appliance parts air conditioner parts dishwasher parts dryer parts range/stove/oven parts refrigerator parts washing machine parts all large appliance parts small appliance parts air fryer parts air purifier parts blender parts coffee maker parts dehumidifier parts hair dryer parts humidifier parts ice cream maker parts indoor grill parts juicer parts meat slicer parts microwave parts outdoor grill parts pressure cooker parts slow cooker parts stand mixer parts toaster oven parts vacuum parts water dispenser parts water distiller parts all small appliance parts all appliance parts computer parts amd cpus batteries bluetooth adapters boards electronic boards motherboards power supplies printed circuit boards (pcb) system boards (pcb) all boards cameras case hardware cd-rom caddies & cables computer accessories buttons cables computer mice all computer accessories computer hardware dc power jacks desktop case parts desktop cases desktop lcd assemblies desktop lcd displays fan & heatsinks game controllers hard drives generic hard drives sata hard drives sshd hard drives 7mm all hard drives intel cpus keyboards laptop lcd assemblies laptop lcd panels laptop network cards laptop plastics lcd displays media card readers memory memory (bb) generic memory ddr2 memory ddr3 memory ddr4 memory ddr5 memory all memory modems monitor parts network equipment network cards all network equipment optical drives palmrests plastic components port replicators power adapters power jacks tablet lcds tablet lcd assemblies all computer parts arcade game parts auto parts outdoor power equipment parts lawn mower parts all outdoor power equipment parts tech tools cleaning and chemicals desoldering fume extraction hand tools magnifiers rework solder/desolder equipment soldering test equipment accessories all tech tools shop by brand usd us dollars canadian dollar mexican peso euro british pound australian dollar compare account usd us dollars canadian dollar mexican peso euro british pound australian dollar need help? (877) 881-6492 home privacy policy privacy policy privacy policy & disclaimer | effective 5/20/2013 this privacy policy applies to https://www.shopjimmy.com owned and operated by shopjimmy.com, llc (“shopjimmy.com”). this privacy policy describes how shopjimmy.com collects and uses the personal information you provide on our website (https://www.shopjimmy.com). it also describes the choices available to you regarding our use of your personal information and how you can access and update this information. information collection & use we collect the following personal information from you: contact information such as name, email address, mailing address, phone number billing information such as credit card number, and billing address unique identifiers such as user name and password preferences information such as product wish lists, order history, marketing preferences we use this information to: fulfill your order send you an order confirmation send you requested product or service information send product updates or warranty information respond to customer service requests administer your account send you marketing communications respond to your questions and concerns information sharing we will share your personal information with third parties only in the ways that are described in this privacy statement. we do not sell your personal information to third parties. we may also disclose your personal information: as required by law, such as to comply with a subpoena, or similar legal process, when we believe in good faith that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights, protect your safety or the safety of others, investigate fraud, or respond to a government request, if shopjimmy.com is involved in a merger, acquisition, or sale of all or a portion of its assets, you will be notified via email and/or a prominent notice on our web site of any change in ownership or uses of your personal information, as well as any choices you may have regarding your personal information, to any other third party with your prior consent to do so. user access & choice if your personal information changes, or if you no longer desire our service, you may correct, update, amend, delete/remove, or deactivate it by making the change in your shopjimmy account, or by emailing our customer service team at sales@shopjimmy.com, contacting us by phone, or postal mail at the contact information listed below. we will retain your information for as long as your account is active or as needed to provide you services. we will retain and use your information as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements. opt-out preferences if you wish to subscribe to our newsletter(s), we will use your name and email address to send the newsletter to you. out of respect for your privacy, you may choose to stop receiving our newsletter or marketing emails by following the unsubscribe instructions included in these emails, accessing the email preferences in your shopjimmy account or you can contact us. security we use secure sockets layer (ssl) technology to ensure the privacy and security of your personal information and payment information. we never keep payment information on file. we secure and adjust payment information every transaction. for billing and management, you will be able to view the type of credit card used and the last four digits of the card. we follow generally accepted standards to protect the personal information submitted to us, both during transmission and once we receive it. no method of transmission over the internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure, however. therefore, we cannot guarantee its absolute security. if you have any questions about security on our website please contact us. service providers we may provide your personal information to companies that provide services to help us with our business activities such as shipping your order or offering customer service. these companies are authorized to use your personal information only as necessary to provide these services to us. personal information we value your personal information and will never sell or give your information to third parties. additionally, like we stated previously, we do not store payment information. since we are a google trusted store, third party vendors, including google, use cookies to serve their trusted store badge on our website and may serve ads based on your prior visits to our site. of course, you can easily opt out of google's use of cookies by visiting the google advertising opt-out page. tracking technologies / cookies a cookie is a small text file that is stored on a user’s computer for record-keeping purposes. we use cookies on this site. we do not link the information we store in cookies to any personal information you submit while on our site. we use session id cookies: a session id cookie expires when you close your browser. a persistent cookie remains on your hard drive for an extended period of time. if you reject cookies, you may still use our site, but your ability to use some areas of our site, such as shopping cart functionality, will be limited. web beacons / gifs we employ a software technology called clear gifs (a.k.a., web beacons/web bugs), that help us better manage content on our site by informing us what content is effective. clear gifs are tiny graphics with a unique identifier, similar in function to cookies, and are used to track the online movements of web users. in contrast to cookies, which are stored on a user’s computer hard drive, clear gifs are embedded invisibly on web pages and are about the size of the period at the end of this sentence. we do not tie the information gathered by clear gifs to our customers’ personal information. we use clear gifs in our html-based emails to let us know which emails have been opened by recipients. this allows us to gauge the effectiveness of certain communications and the effectiveness of our marketing campaigns. if you would like to opt-out of these emails, please see “choice and opt-out.” 3rd party tracking the use of cookies by our partners, affiliates, tracking utility company, or service providers is not covered by our privacy policy. we do not have access or control over these cookies. our partners, affiliates, tracking utility company, or service providers also use session id cookies to make it easier for you to navigate our site, in order for you to use the shopping cart, etc. our third party partners employ clear gifs (a.k.a. web beacons/web bugs), images, and scripts that help them better manage various content on our site. we do not tie the information gathered to our customers’ or users’ personal information. links to 3rd party sites our site includes links to other websites whose privacy practices may differ from those of shopjimmy.com. if you submit personal information to any of those sites, your information is governed by their privacy policies. we encourage you to carefully read the privacy policy of any website you visit. blog / forum our website offers publicly accessible blogs or community forums. you should be aware that any information you provide in these areas may be read, collected, and used by others who access them. to request removal of your personal information from our blog or community forum, please contact us. in some cases, we may not be able to remove your personal information, in which case we will let you know if we are unable to do so and why. single sign-on you can log in to our site using sign-in services such as facebook connect or an open id provider. these services will authenticate your identity and provide you the option to share certain personal information with us such as your name and email address to pre-populate our sign up form. services like facebook connect give you the option to post information about your activities on this web site to your profile page to share with others within your network. social media widgets our website includes social media features, such as the facebook "like" button (and widgets, such as the "share this" button or interactive mini-programs that run on our site. these features may collect your ip address, which page you are visiting on our site, and may set a cookie to enable the feature to function properly. social media features and widgets are either hosted by a third party or hosted directly on our site. your interactions with these features are governed by the privacy policy of the company providing it. chat we use a chat feature to assist you with customer service. if our chat feature is offline we will collect your name and email address so that we may reply to your request. changes to this policy we may update this privacy policy to reflect changes to our information practices. if we make any material changes we will notify you by email (sent to the e-mail address specified in your account) or by means of a notice on this site prior to the change becoming effective. we encourage you to periodically review this page for the latest information on our privacy practices. contact us shopjimmy.com 2300 west highway 13 burnsville, mn 55337 × ok information about us contact us shipping & returns faqs customer reviews finding your tv part number tv repair video tutorials tv tech support tv repair shops directory become a supplier sj rewards program sj careers privacy policy categories tv parts appliance parts arcade game parts auto parts exercise equipment parts scratch & dent appliances tech tools shop by brand contact sales@shopjimmy.com2300 west highway 13burnsville, mn 55337 get 10% off your first order! subscribe to our newsletter. save on your order (and get future deals). say no to spam. © 2024 shopjimmy