来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20111213165742/http://www.compuplus.com/aboutus.php3
================================================================================

about comp-u-plus: make us your choice for computer parts, gps, and cameras and more order tracking shopping cart home about us product return closeout specials customer care contact us rebates deals!! since 1993, comp-u-plus direct has been providing quality merchandise with unbelievably low pricing to our customers! with almost 3 million satisfied customers served, we are committed to providing excellence in both product quality and customer service. unlike most of our competition we still offer a 30 day money back guarantee (with absolutely no restocking fee) on most products that we offer. our products carry a 100% customer satisfaction guarantee. what this means to you the consumer is that you will always be given a 100% satisfactory resolution to any problem that may arise... guaranteed. since 1993 we have been the premier source for computers and peripherals, electronics, products for the digital home and car, software and much more! our products are selected from top manufacturers only; no off brand cheapos here! remember...we are committed to going the extra mile to keep you as a satisfied customer! most of our customer base has purchased from us over and over again! experience the comp-u-plus difference: you will save a ton of $$$ and be back as a return customer- we promise you! we guarantee...every order will be delivered on time and complete. all of our products have a full manufacturer's us warranty. they are delivered complete with all of the accessories that come with the item ...it is a full retail box. we know your time is valuable. we were among the first to sell on the web in this country...we respond swiftly to every customer service inquiry..except for weekends and after business hours. phone orders: our dedicated sales representatives are available monday through thursday, 10 am-5 pm, and friday 10 am-1 pm, est please call toll free at 800-287-2323. thank you for your patronage. we appreciate your business! customer satisfaction feedback "the printer arrived today, the whole experience of purchasing from you went seamlessly. the printer is installed, the first pages printed. your price was the best i could find. given i only ordered, i think last friday, delivery was excellent and even given the delivery charge the price still came in under others and not a hiccup in the whole process. many thanks from a satisfied customer." james falls church, va "i am proud to say that you have earned yet another satisfied, and promising returning customer. prior to ordering my cpu, i was quite skeptical to the whole internet-purchasing situation. i have never ordered anything off the internet before, and i have to admit, even after reading all of your wonderful thank-you letters from satisfied customers, i was still a tad-bit nervous. although, your service has proved me wrong. i am not sure if all internet company's work as swiftly, and keep me as informed as yours, but i must say; i am quite satisfied. i placed my order on monday, and it was processed in less than 2 days. two short days later, my brand-spankin new cpu arrived at my doorstep, for $80 cheaper than even i could purchase it for (and i have employee discounts at comp usa). i would just like to say thank you to everyone at compuplus, for making my experience much more enjoyable than i could ever have imagined. i look forward to doing business with you again, soon. sincerely, soon-to-be-returning-customer," jonathan "i have never written an appreciation letter to internet shopping site before, but my experience with your company has been the best i've had in my 8 years of doing business on the internet. i ordered my mp3 player sunday night and i am listening to a brand new, undamaged, nonrefurbished player - as i write this on wednesday afternoon in california. in fact, if fedex would not have sat on it for 14 hours at my local sort facility, i could have received yesterday! your ordering service and tracking number response has to be the best in the industry. i can't remember ever getting a tracking number within 12 hours of ordering. and your expedited shipping is what it says it is, expedited. i have used mpsuperstore and j&r music world and have been highly disappointed, now i know that an east coast company can properly service west coast customers. believe me you have a future customer for a long time to come. and i will strongly recommend your company to my friends and co-workers." john bruneel livermore, ca "i want you to know that after ordering 2 items from your company over the past couple of months, you guys take the prize of being the most efficient and "up to speed - all bases covered" company around. i cannot tell you enough what it means to be a customer who is recognized and valued, and kept abreast of the progress of one's order. keep up the good work! you have won yourself a loyal customer who will be returning often in the future, as i buy nearly everything but groceries online. you are the best, with a second runner up of amazon.com! thanks again" phil johannes "just a quick note to say "thanks" for the positive online buying experience from you folks. your products, prices, and delivery were all as advertised - can't do much better than that. - but you did! i had a problem with one of the items i bought. you handled the rma request promptly and without any hassle. got the replacement within just a few days." john lathan brooklyn park, mn "hi compuplus guys, i just wanted to tell you that my first order from you guys was nothing less than the best! the internet order was very smooth and painless! the ability to pay by bank debit was extremely useful! the order confirmation with the order # was excellent. the email you sent me with delivery information was fast and informative! and best of all was the speed in which i received my order just made my day! your choice in delivery service (fedex) shows that you care about your customers! thanks you so very much for such a good ordering experience!" jimmy benfield brown summit, nc "i would just like to thank you company for the superior service i have recieved. for one, each email that has been sent from you has been of the highest quality, expressing deep concern for my satisfaction as a customer. i am highly appreciative of this attitude, as it seems to be quite rare these days. the price for the item i purchased was the lowest on the web, and it was shipped to me promptly after ordering. unfortunately, my merchandise did not behave as expected although i would have loved to have kept it. on the bright side, the return process i went through was the easiest i have ever experienced. your return system is easily navigated, clear to understand and completely hassle free. an email was sent to me and my credit card was refunded promptly only days after i sent the package with my item. i can't thank you enough for your attention to me as a customer. please keep delivering this superior customer service experience to everyone, and thank you! i will remember the name comp-u-plus when considering making computer parts or electronic purchases in the future!" dean langford spokane, wa "i've been buying & building computers for a dozen years & i have found that buying computer parts from internet suppliers is the best way to buy. by far, your company provides the best prices & services of any supplier on the internet & i will only buy from you for all my future needs, without even bother to check prices elsewhere". jack allan palm desert, ca "comp-u-plus processed and shipped the order in such a speedy manner that i received the 2day fedex in a day and a half. wow! the product i ordered came shrink wrapped in its retail package, so i know i am not getting someone elses return. all in all, this turned out to be a great online purchase experience!" robert dillon costa mesa, ca "it was a great experience shopping on line for the first time. so much that i plan on making most if not all of my purchase needs online. thank you for a wonderful first time shopping online." marque smith burbank, ca "let me say first of all that i heard horror stories about one ordering from the internet and how companies and people from your area rip people off. well let me tell you  nothing could be further from the truth... my husband and i have never had better service than the service you provided us with and the accuracy and fast delivery of the products we ordered from you. we were so amazed how quickly we received our order.  also, how you emailed us  informing us that our product was sent out to us and when to expect delivery and also the tracking of such. we want to let those out there seeking on the internet and wondering who they can trust with the best buys for their monies and for the honesty of a company that serves its customers in a fast and direct manor.  we would indeed use you and when ordering again for all our electronic needs and products, (cameras. etc) we would choose comp u plus.  you have earned our respect and trust.  it was indeed nice doing business with you. we want the whole world to know of you. and your promptness. respectfully." karl and mary lou kent, ohio "i want to thank you for the excellent service i have received from your company. i am well satisfied with everything so-far and will write good reviews for you wherever i can. i ordered a digital camera from you, got a good price, got a fair shipping rate and got it with no hassle - which i can't say for amazon.com & buy.com whom i struggled with for over two weeks before ordering from you. i will definitely do business with you again!" gene glaser orange beach, al "i am writing to let you know that i am very pleased with the service that you have given me. i had placed two orders early saturday morning. i came home from work today and found my orders waiting for me. i had not expected them so fast. i appreciate the quickness with which you processed my order. i am a first time customer of your website and i am sure that i will be returning to your site for my future computer needs. thank you very much." tom pinero philadelphia, pa "i recently ordered a modem from you. your web-site is clear, concise, and easy to use. i received confirmation of my order within moments; i received confirmation of shipping the same day. your tracking number which took me directly to the ups page tracking the exact shipment, instead of pasting the number into the ups track page, is great! the package arrived exactly when you said it would, and to top it all off, your price was better than any other on the web. it's a real pleasure to deal with excellence!" b.r. tucson, az "i just wanted to thank you for the great customer service, and very quick response. when shopping over the internet, the main thing shoppers look for is price....we want good value. but one thing that is beyond monetary value is customer service. you guys did a good job on both! my transaction was so smooth and quick -it was truly a pleasure. plus, i got a really good deal on the video card!" thanks again. t.h. "i just had to let you know how much i appreciate such great service! customer service is a major priority in all my purchasing decisions, expecially online. while service seems to have taken a back seat by many organizations in recent years, it is alive and thriving in your company! i have placed three orders with comp-u-plus and have been really thrilled by the prices, the follow-up e-mail (including tracking numbers), the quick shipping, and your "no hassle" return policy. i have also recommended your company to my father, who has received similar service. i will continue to recommend comp-u-plus to everyone who may be interested in purchasing computer equipment!" thank you! c. h. "i'd just like to take the time to tell you how happy i am with your company. i ordered over $600 worth of computer products a few days ago and received them promptly and in excellent condition. your prices are excellent and your service is wonderful. thank you very much!" d.h. "i just wanted to drop you a line and let you know what a wonderful experience i've had with my first purchase from comp-u-plus. you website has a great layout, and i was able to easily find everything that i needed. all of the products that i ordered arrived quickly and in great condition. i have enjoyed the experience, and i will definitely do business with you in the future. i would be more than happy to share my feelings with others, and i intend to enter positive reviews on rating websites! thank you again," jason smith "with the many of places i have had to deal with for ordering online, and the nightmare it has been. i must say i am very impressed with your site and quality of products. i just basically wanted to let you know how much i really appreciate you being out here, i will never shop anywhere else again for my computer needs. the two products i ordered about 3 days ago were the asus p4b533-e motherboard, and the intel pentium 4 2.2 ghz processor. the quality these products reached me in were amazing. i have ordered from other places online - most of the time the packages were not sealed at all and did not come in the manufacturers box, or were missing contents in the package. when i ordered through you i got everything i wanted to get. keep up the great work!!! now a devoted customer," g. d. "i wanted to drop you a note to let you know how much i appreciated your help with my order issues yesterday. i deal with many computer companies regurlarly, and it is rare that i receive such genuine and attentive customer service. as a retailer myself, i recognize that this is the key to customer loyalty. thank you again for your help!" h.m. "wow! talk about speedy service! i just ordered a motorola cable modem and have received ideal service. i ordered on wednesday, it arrived friday! the price was low! i got a $30.00 rebate! i will definitely look to you guys first for all future computer related purchases! thanks," b. w. "i wanted to take time to let you guys know that i understand you are in a nearly thankless industry. the only thing people care about is buying it cheap and getting instant gratification. your capability to handle this type of consumer mentality is exceptional! your service is great, your prices nearly unbeatable, and your shipping very reliable and fast. i've been ordering from you guys for several years now, and probably spent over $5,000, maybe $10,000 in the process. i build machines all the time for myself, friends and family. whenever anyone asks where to buy components, i refer them to you. there may be a few cheaper prices on the web, but not many. even if i find them, i still order from you because you have proven yourself time and again to be an excellent company in terms of service, honesty, and efficiency. keep up the good work and i'll bring as much business as i possibly can to your door! hardware enthusiast and consumer," b. p. "wow, you guys are fast, i palced an order late sunday night and it shipped with a tracking number on monday afternoon! you just got a regular customer! thanks" r. g. "in a saturated market of computer resellers, i just wanted to take the time to let you guys know that i think you're excellent! your service is unparalleled, your speed unmatched, and your prices unbeatable. i've been buying components from you guys for years now,.and i've never had to return but one component. that one return went quickly and smoothly with minimal hassle. whenever i build machines for anyone, or people come and ask me where to buy parts, i always recommend you first. i hope you have a long life in this turbulent industry. a pat on the back to all of you! another satisfied customer," b. p. "thank you! i got the package and it's in good condition. we assembled the system the same day and it is working perfectly. thanks for your usual fast and efficient service. i know that more of my colleagues are becoming interested in your packages. i will keep in touch as soon as they are ready." d.b. "i am sending this e-mail to let you know how happy i am with your service. i will shop your store again. i have book marked your site and plan on doing more business in the near future. thank you" t.v. "i wanted to say thank you for the great service and email communication! i will definitely recommend your site to all of my friends! thanks again!" s. n. "just wanted to let you know that thus far my experience with compuplus has been excellent. i will certainly recommend you to my friends in the future. your company seems organized and efficient. thanks for such prompt service so far. very best regards," c.m.p. "i absolutely love you guys! i discovered your site a month or so ago, and have been buying my computer products from you ever since. you have managed to deliver every product in an insane turnaround time and everything has worked without problems! it is hard to find a company like yours these days. i have ordered from many online companies and not one of them has even come close to your service. i just wanted to shoot you a quick email with my great pleasure and experience i have gotten from ordering from your site. please keep up the great work! smiling every time i boot up my computer," joseph piechota "i would like to say "thank you" to comp-u-plus for the excellent services you've provided to me for over than two years. honestly, i know from my many prior purchases that i could trust comp-u-plus to deliver as promised! i know that i will return many times in the future and will always recommend you to my friends. thanks!!" t.l "i just wanted to write and say what a true pleasure it was to do business with comp-u-plus. i am a very satisfied customer and the service was a pleasent experience-fast and accurate. thanks again for a wonderful shopping experience. i will do business with you again! thanks," m.c. "i would like to commend you on being the best company on the internet today selling computer hardware. i have always been satisfied with your products and your customer service. i just want to say thank you, and that i will be returning to you for all my computer needs!" c.j.a. "thank you for your excellent service. i just began using comp-u-plus, and i continue to do so in the future for all my computing needs. prompt service, and easy to deal with personel, make your company heads above the other on-line, and even personal stores. sincerely," b. f. "fantastic! your company is awesome. it's hard to find a company that puts customer service at such a high priority! thank you!" r. g. "you have impressed me with your customer service and return policy. i have recommended you to friends and family. compuplus.com is the first place i go to check for new products. i am always assured that i will get a quality product from a respected company. keep up the good work!" d.w. "this is the best web site i have ever seen! it certainly makes me bookmark it and shop here, because of the ease of maneuverability, with what ever i'm looking for, cancel orders, find products etc... great site." d. m. "i received my order in excellent condition and your dispatch timing was very good it is greatly appreciated of the type of service you offer, i thank you again!" i. t. "great service! i received my motorola sb3100 just one day after it was ordered! your prices are excellent! it's nice to do business with competent and efficient people! thank you," g. c. "thank you!!!! i appreciate the way your company does business and that you are honest and truthful in your statements. this last month i have dealt with many other companies on the internet, and it is refreshing to find a good company like yours. i have tried to look for bargains for this item. from now on, you will be #1 on my list for purchasing any computer parts/peripherals. thanks again for your honesty and promptness." m. m. "thanks for truly amazing service, i wasn't expecting my order for at least a couple days, but you made it to the overnight delivery man on time. you're on the ball! it's refreshing to see what has made so many good businesses truly successfull! thanks again!" dan "dear comp-u-plus, i would like to congratulate you on a job well done. you have some of the lowest prices i have found and excellent service. i have ordered from you a few times and every time my order was promptly processed and sent the same day. i placed an order for a hard drive yesterday afternoon, i recieved it in less than 24 hrs. keep it up! thank you," tim iliff "dear comp-u-plus, i can not remember recieving service from anyone that worked so smooth. i am impressed! when i ordered it i had no idea that you would be delivering the package on the 26th of dec. thank you for one of the finest, organized, user friendly, effective store front, i have ever used. it was a pleasure to shop, find what i wanted and price was exceptional for the products that i bought. i will pass this on to everyone i know on the internet. god bless and happy new year." j.m.d. "happy holidays to everyone at comp-u-plus, your staff has done an incredible job delivering all my mechandise in a timely manner- your staff is very friendly and helpful, keep up the great work and may this new year be very prosperous for your company. sincerely," r. w. bell "dear comp-u-plus, i just wanted to thank you for your excellent service during my first purchase from you. the price, accuracy & ease of ordering, and speed of delivery were far better than any of your competitors that i have tried. thanks again," j. d. "thank you for the prompt and courteous service. this was my first purchase with comp-u-plus. i do a lot of purchasing on-line, particularly of computer components (i build my own machines for work and "gifts", as do my colleagues here. your site was easy to navigate, quick and nicely put together. i appreciate the pricing and wish you the best for the holidays. sincerely," p.p. "wanted to take a minute and let you know it was a very positive experience placing an order with comp-u-plus. thanks to you and your people for a job well done." m.m. "the only suggestion i could possibly think up is this - "keep up the good work", you have been without a doubt the most responsive, and expediant independant i have ever ordered from, thank you for working for my business and not just sitting back with an apathetic attitude. thank you," j. d. "the service as provided by comp-u-plus is superb many times over. in the past i have dealt with other internet outfits but none can fill "your shoes" and as the vernacular says: keep the good work. your newly made customer," vca. "dear comp-u-plus i would like to express my feelings on your quality, service and delivery. having my first experience with you, it has been a pleasure. service is one of the hardest things to buy. you provided good service and my techie son is very happy with the product. thank you for prompt delivery as well!" j.d. "wow, that was fast. i just placed my order late at night, the next thing i know (via the tracking number), it's already in ca. great job comp-u-plus!" d. c. p. "all i have to say is wow, i'm very impressed with your quickness, i actually got my order before i got the confirmation email!!! great job, thank you for your promptness, i look forward to doing business with you more often." e. h. "thank you for the great customer service. the quick turnaround on my order was a pleasant surprise. this is how repeat business happens. keep up the good work and again thank you, the comp-u-plus staff. sincerely," c. h. "dear compuplus... thank you for your fast shipping. it was well-packed, a great product. i really thank you for your service. i agree that you are called "americas headquarters for computer peripherals" again, thank you for your great service!" h. k. "dear sir or madam, your company has the best customer service and fastest order processing time out of all the web sites from which i have ordered (and trust me i've ordered from a large number)!  thank you and keep up the great work." j. e. c. "just wanted to take a second and tell you how pleased i am with my recent online shopping experience.  not only did i get my plextor cd-rom drive for one of the lowest prices on the net, i also had it processed and shipped the same day!  having my fedex tracking number emailed to me was the icing on the cake.  you guys are definitely a top notch shop - thanks!" d. h. "thank you for the email updates on my first order with comp-u-plus. i am quite pleased with the apparent efficiency of your internet inventory, pricing, ordering and purchasing process.  having experienced some unpleasant internet purchasing and being somewhat hesitant about doing business for the first time with a company, your electronic feedback helps tremendously.  it indicates your sincere desire to help and keep customers with excellent customer service.  thank you, thank you!  good service is very, very difficult to find. i am already making plans for my next purchase with comp-u-plus and will highly recommend comp-u-plus to my associates. sincerely," j. p. houston, texas "just wanted to thank you for your excellent service. everything arrived in perfect condition, was exactly what i ordered and was shipped right away. you had a good selection of materials at great prices and i'll definitely keep your site in mind for future orders. i've recommended your site to a number of people, a few of whom have already placed and received their orders with the same impressions as i did. thanks again - cheers!" k. l. "just wanted to tell you, i do a lot of on line shopping and i really like your site. your prices on pricewatch are the same as on your website. you are up front about shipping costs, you don't demand a lot of "membership" stuff, you have stuff in stock, you don't dun me with a lot of extraneous advertising about "hot deals" that are of no interest and take forever to load. so even though some other sites had this product for a few bucks less i went with you. thanks again for the past order recently received. keep up the good work! sincerely," j. l. "i would like to tell you how pleased i am with your company. i have bought things from you in the past, and when i decided to build my first computer i thought of you. i ordered nearly everything i needed from you. the prices were very good and everything arrived promptly. all the components worked perfectly and the computer is running like a dream. i never will buy computer products from anyone else again!!" r.v. "i received your shipment on tuesday. i was very pleased with the speedy delivery, you can expect to find me as a customer that will keep coming back. thank you!" j.j. "thanks for all of your help. i had an overall pleasant experience, shopping on your web site and will definitely use your service again. thank you," k.d. "i would like to thank-you for your speedy service, the new card was received yesterday, this is the fastest service i ever had. i will definitely do business with your company, in the future. i am presently updating my computer, and will need additional items. thank-you" d.m. "this is the first email address i found on your site and i wanted to let you guys know just how happy i am with my order and the quick order fulfillment. i placed my order on friday and received it today (missed the fedex guy yesterday). i found your prices to be among the best on the internet and the quality of the components appears to be first class. as you can imagine you just never know what type of packing materials will be used when you mail-order something. it was obvious that you take great care in packaging your products for shipment. as a webhosting provider who specializes in ecommerce solutions i know how difficult it is to get a first rate ecommerce site up and running and be able to tie in with the backoffice. you guys have done an outstanding job. best regards," j.c. "you guys rock! i placed an order off your web site on monday. being a holiday weekend i didn't expect it ship until wed or thursday but it was delivered to my home today! you had the best price around and you delivered over night even with the holiday. thanks!" a. m. "subject: very nice web site comment type: other question or comment: between the ease of navigating and the good prices i had a great time shopping. i'll recommend your store to friends." e.c. "thank you thank you thank you thank you thank you. you have been one of the best companies to order stuff from and i promise i will continue to shop with yall in the future!!" j.h. "thank you for years of great prices and service. keep up the great work!!" p.t. "comp-u-plus is great! you have an excellent selection in your online catalog. service is outstanding you keep anxious customer up to date with order. i am very pleased and have been pitching your company to my friends. thank you and i plan on dealing with comp-u-plus again!" e.f. "i just wanted to let you know how pleased i am with my purchase from comp-u-plus. the merchandise i ordered (acer cd-rw and a 20g hard drive) arrived yesterday. i am so happy to report i burned my first coaster (don't worry, it was my fault)." r.g. "the merchandise arrived as ordered in great condition. and, i might add, at a great price. i checked out a few online merchants before stumbling upon yours. a friend had recommended buy.com and i surfed over, but your prices were better (in some cases by $20 or more!). i told him about your prices and merch and he's already placed an order with you." b.s. "i know the first place i'm going to look when i need a new video card or motherboard. thanks again, keep up the good work. sincerely," r. s. "thank you so much for your prompt and friendly service. i will shop with you again in the future!" a. k. "received my plextor121032 drive today, i'm using it already. it's a pleasure to deal with an efficient seller/shipper. thanks" j. m. see what our customers say about our service click here... home about us closeout specials tech support customer care rebates rss privacy statement © 2011 compuplus inc. all rights reserved. brands select a brand 20th century fo 20th century fo 3com 3dconnexion 3m touch system 3ware 4xem corp. a & e a and d medical ableplanet absolute softwa accell access hd acdsee (acd sys acer acomdata acorn media acoustic resear acr electronics actiontec activision adaptec addlogix adesso adobe ads adtran adventure medic aiptek ais akai akg alera alesis all components allied telesis allsop alpine altec lansing aluratek amd american record anchor bay ente ancor andis company andrea electron antec antennas direct aoc aopen apc apollo apple applica apricorn aquatic av archos areca arkon artec asante aspyr asus at&t atari atdec aten athenatech ati technologie atlus usa audio-technica audiosource audiovox augen autodesk auzentech avant north ame avermedia axiom memory so axion axis azden azio backtrack badgy baja products baracoda - com- barnett crossbo battery biz battery biz battery technol bazooka bbc bd&a bebe sounds behringer belkin bella bello belson beltronics bennett marine bennett trim ta benq bestdata bethesda softwo bfg binatone biostar bissell homecar bitdefender black and decke black box innov blackberry blue microphone blue microphone blue sea system blueant bluefox extreme bluelounge bluetrek boat leveler boatbuckle boatsafe bodelin body glove bogen boss audio boston acoustic bountiful wifi bounty hunter boynq boyo bracketron braun breadman brenthaven bretford breville brinkman broan brother brunton buffalo built ny bunn-o-matic co bushnell buslink buttkicker bytecc c-map c-wave ca cable to go cables unlimite caliber camco canon canopus canson capcom cardscan case logic casio cavalry storage ce smith celestron cengage centon century softwar cerwin vega channel master channel vision char broil charles chauvet checkolite checkolite cheetah chenbro micom cherry chester creek chief mfg. chill pill audi cirago internat cisco cisco consumer- citizen clarion clarity classco clear one clear one commu clearsounds clickfree clipper clover cms products cnet cobra coby coleman colorvision columbia tri st command communi comp-u-plus compuexpert computty conair contour design contoure cooler master coolit inc coolmax corel corinex communi corsair cp tech - level cps cradlepoint creative crosley cru crucial technol cta cuisinart curtis internat cyber acoustics cyberpower daewoo dakota alert dallas danby dane elec dantona das keyboard daval technolog davis deep blue marin dei valet delkin dell delonghi denon dewalt diamond multime dicapac usa inc diesel audio digicom digital digidesign digital digital antenna digital blue digital lifesty digital spectru dirt devil discgear diskology disney disney interact dj tech profess dlink dolica corporat dometic dorcy doublesight dis dr. bott dreamgear drobo dual dymo dynamat e-stand eagle earthmate ectaco edge tech edifier ego electra-craft electronic arts elgato eliminator emerge tech emerson emtec energizer engenius enlight entourage syste eos epic epson ereplacements escort passport etymotic eureka evga excalibur exogear eye-fi ezgear fellowes fender fiio first alert flatiron film c flo digital foodsaver foscam foxconn franklin freedom 9 fsp group fuji fujitsu g-tech galaxy garmin gateway gbc ge gefen gem sound gemini general electri genius george foreman gerber tools ggi ginsu gme gn netcom gns goldx golight gpx grace digital grace digital a grandstream greenlee greenwashball griffin guest gunnar optiks gyration haier hamilton beach handspring hannspree harman hauppauge hawking hbo helen of troy hercules hewlett packard hifiworks hitachi hobbs homedics honest tech honeywell hoover hornet alarms l hosecoil howard miller hp hp calculators hp consumer htc humantoolz humminbird hunter i o magic ibm icom icy dock ifrogz igo igugu ihome ik multimedia ikey-audio iluv image entertain imate impecca in your face incipio infinity infocus initial inland products innovative home intec intel intellitouch interex interlink interphase intuit invisible shiel inwin iocell networks iogear iomega ion iosafe ipopperz iris iriver irobot iron gym ironkey isis dei iskin itw linx izzo golf jabra jabsco jarden jawbone jazz jbl jensen joby just-mobile jvc jwin kalorik kanguru kanto kaspersky lab katadyn kaz inc. kds keebox kensington kenwood kerri mack kershaw kestrel keydex keyscan keyspan keytronics kicker kiddesigns kingston techno kitchenaid klear screen klipsch kng america kobian kodak koei konami konftel konica-minolta konnet technolo korg koss kvh industries kwik tek kyocera la crosse techn lacie lakemaster landmann lanier lansky laplink lasko lasonic lava computer leapfrog enterp learning resour leatherman led lensor lees legacy lenco lenmar lenovo level mount lexar lexicon lexmark lg electronics lg-ericsson usa life life prints lifetime brands lingo lionsgate liteon locator logitech lorex lowepro lowrance lucasarts lumiscope macally mack macsense macspeech magellan magix magma magnavox majesco majestic malone mango-tango maptech chartki marantz maretron margaritaville marshall electr marware matias matrox maudio maverick max displays maxell maximo mcafee mcklein company meade media memorex memory merkury metrokane metropolitan va michley electro micro innovatio microsoft midland mill creek ente minn kota minolta mitsubishi mizco mobee technolog mobi mobile edge monsoon multime monster cable mophie mosquito magnet motion marketin motorola msi multilink music box enter mustek mvix myine electroni myvu nady naki world inc namco navgear navigon ncomputing nec netgear netsecure neuros newton nextar night owl optic nikon niles audio nintendo nixeus nkok nlu products nokia norcross norelco nortel networks nostalgia elect novothink nuance communic numark nuo tech nyko ocz technology okidata olympus omnimount omron healthcar onkyo onstream ooma optoma oregon scientif original power orion oster otterbox p3 internationa pac paladin tools palmone palo alto audio palo alto softw panamax panasonic pantone paramount parker energy s parrot patriot memory pc power and co pc treasures pdagear peerless pelican pentax pharos philips phoenix technol phonic america pinnacle pioneer planon plantronics plds plustek technol pny pogoplug polar polaroid polk audio polycom power acoustik powercam powerdsine prago premier mounts preservino presonus presto promise technol pure digital te pyle pyramid python qnap qsee radius ragalta rand mcnally raritan raymarine rayovac razer usa rca rebit rega usa yubz remington repairtech rf-link rhinotek ricoh rival roadpro rocky mountain ronco royal consumer russound saeco saitek sakar samson samsung sandisk sangean sans digital sansui sanus sanyo scosche scytek seagate sealshield sega seiko senario sentrysafe sevylor shark sharp shehwa sherwood shout! factory showbox enterta shure siemens siig silicondust sima simpletech simplism singer sirius skullcandy sling media smart mount smart planet smart shopper smartdisk smartek smartparts smc smk-link snom socket solidtek solio solo sonic alert sonicwall sony sony pictures sony pictures u sound id soundolier southern audio southpeak inter speck products speedo spider internat sportstuff spot spycop square enix srs labs standard horizo startech steeelseries stm bags summit entertai sunbeam sungale sunpak supermicro supersonic suunto sva swann security swari sweetpea syba sylvania synet synology syspine t-fal - weareve taa products take-two intera tallon marine tamron targus tascam taylormade tdk teac techcraft technics tekkeon teledex telemania teletype telex ten one design tersano lotus texas instrumen the singing mac thecus thermaltake thermapak techn thermos thinksound thq thrustmaster timberland timex tivax tivo tmc tomtom topics entertai toshiba total training tp-link tracking key trademark globa transcend trend micro trendnet tripplite trisquare tritton tucano turtle beach-vo tv ears tweakers tx systems ubi soft ultimate ears ultimate suppor ultra products ultralast uncle milton uniden universal remot universal studi universal studi unotron upbeat audio usglobalsat usr v-dimension v7 vacuvin valcom valet vanguard vantage point vantec veebeam velocity micro verbatim verizon versaudio - spr vialta victorinox viewsonic viking electron visioneer visiontek visual land vivitar vivitek vizio vogel's vonnic vornado vtech vupoint vuqube vuzix waawoo wacom wagan tech wahl warner bros. warner brothers warner brothers waste king watchguard western digital westinghouse wheelock whistler wilife wilson wireless extend wizcom world office pr wow wee wrapsol x gear xerox xfx xitel xlink xo vision xpal power xskn-us xtrememac yamaha yukon optics z-line designs zalman zebra zeiss zenith zinwell zonet zoom zoom zoombak zotac audio home theater systems audio miscellaneous dj mixers car audio music systems mp3 players cd player ipods mp3 players / mpeg4 video drums keyboards musical instruments amplifiers portable audio recorders and players voice recorders radios stereo headphones mp3 player accessories karaoke machines minidisc media multi-function music players wireless music / network connected audio auto electronics mobile accessories car audio mobile video gps navigation radar detectors two-way radios amplifiers keyless entry remote starters mobile electronics warranty cables audio / video cables hdmi cables cameras digital carmeras - 14 to 16 megapixel digital cameras - 3 megapixel or less digital cameras - 5 megapixel digital cameras - 6 to 9 megapixel digital cameras - 10 to 12 megapixel digital carmeras - 12 to 14 megapixel photo printers photo viewer photo viewer warranty secure digital compact flash cards memory stick transflash memory card readers batteries & chargers digital camera cases digital camera lenses webcams binoculars telescopes network security cameras digital camera accessories cameras miscellaneous dvd & cd bluray writer cd/dvd duplicator lcd tv / dvd combo dvd/vcr combo drives dvd recorders / players portable dvd players dvd players tv dvd digital recorders dvd rewritable drives cdrw/dvd combo drives cdroms / cd rewritable drives blank media cd & dvd accessories dvd extended warranties cellular cell phones bluetooth/wireless headsets corded headsets bluetooth cell/stereo headset signal boosters cellphone accessories cellphone extended warranties drives & storage laptop drives raid system solid state drives / ssd external usb hard drives external combo usb / firewire hard drives external sata hard drives usb flash drives ide atapi internal hard drives sata internal hard drives scsi internal hard drives hard drive accessories network storage personal servers removable storage tape backups floppy drives zip disk cables electronics transcribers gaming playstation 2 games mac games nintendo ds games pc games playstation 3 playstation portable games wii u games x-box 360 game controllers and joysticks gaming hardware gaming software headsets gaming/mp3 miscellaneous gps navigation gps navigation fish finders gps tracking gps software gps accessories gps warranties gps miscellaneous headsets headset warranties corded cellular headphones bluetooth cellular headsets corded stereo headphones wireless stereo headsets bluetooth cell/stereo headset gaming headsets accessories headsets miscellaneous health & beauty massager health & beauty miscellaneous shavers shaver accessories oral care thermometers heart rate monitors hair care home & garden pet supplies home & garden miscellaneous pest control pest control accessories alarm clocks microwave ovens refrigerators kitchen appliances air purifiers metal detectors sewing machines air conditioners coffee maker accessories coffee makers juicers blenders and food processors bread machines mixers toasters toaster ovens cutlery cookware tools furniture vacuum sealers ice cream makers heating & cooling hair care irons grills thermometers oral care vacuum cleaners weather monitoring binoculars & telescopes housewares accessories small appliance warranty input devices language input miscellaneous calculators keyboard & mouse combo keyboards mouse joysticks & gaming handwriting and tablets remote controls remote control warranty accessories istuff ipad accessories iphone accessories kids & baby baby monitors toys kids & baby miscellaneous memory ddr3 pc3-8500 ddr3-1333/pc3-10666 ddr3-1600/pc3-12800 laptop memory secure digital memory stick xd flash memory cards compact flash cards transflash memory card readers ddr2 / 400 pc2-3200 ddr2 / 533 pc2-4200 ddr2 / 667 pc2-5300 ddr2 / 800 pc2-6400 ddr2 / 800 pc2-8500 ddr3 / pc3-10600 ddr pc2100 ddr pc2700 ddr pc3200 pc-100 memory pc-133 memory edo memory modems modems miscellaneous modems cable modems dsl modems cable modem accessories monitors lcd tft - 22" lcd tft - 24" lcd tft - 26" lcd tft - 27" lcd tft - 30" led 24\" lcd tft - 15" lcd tft - 17" lcd tft - 19" lcd tft - 20" monitor accessories motherboards motherboards miscellaneous intel p4 socket t lga775 800fsb intel pentium p4 800fsb socket 478 amd athlon / xp / duron movie & tv shows 3d blu ray blu ray box sets dvd box sets family fitness horror romance tv series tv series blu ray blu-ray dvd's action adventure comedy suspense drama children mp3 mp3 players ipods ipod accessories mp3 player accessories stereo headphones wireless stereo/cell headphones mp3 players / mpeg4 video portable audio recorders and players multi-function music players mp3 miscellaneous netbooks 8.9" 10" 10.1" 10.2" 11.6" windows 7 os windows xp home os accessories networking network sharing servers wireless-n wireless g 802.11g wireless ag 802.11a+b+g wireless b 802.11b wireless a 802.11a wireless ag 802.11a+b wireless pre-n routers switches hubs / usb hubs gigabit kvm switches print servers antennas nic cards fiber modules network security network security cameras network storage wifi bluetooth adapters cables network accessories voip notebooks laptop notebook computers accessories laptop notebook warranty pc cases atx mid-tower atx mini-tower full tower micro atx rackmount cases aluminum cases water cooling systems power supplies case fans atx case accessories pc computers barebone system gaming systems desktop intel based pc systems amd based pc systems computer peripheral warranty laptop notebook computers laptop notebook warranty laptop notebook accessories pc computer miscellaneous pc controllers ata controllers ata raid controllers sata controllers scsi controllers scsi raid controllers firewire controllers usb 2.0 & firewire controllers usb 2.0 controllers parallel controllers serial i/o controllers usb hubs pda handhelds pda miscellaneous pda handhelds wifi pda cases pda cables and chargers pda keyboards pda accessories picture frame digital picture frame picture frame warranties picture frames miscellaneous power power miscellaneous ups battery power backups power supplies surge protectors power adapters printers label printers printers miscellaneous photo printers inkjet printers laser printers all-n-one printers all-n-one photo printers portable printers dot matrix printers print servers cables toners photo printer accessories printer accessories printer extended warranties processors amd athlon64 am2 intel pentium 4 630 64-bit lga775 cpu's intel pentium 4 socket t lga775 cpus amd athlon mp amd athlon 64 socket 754 amd opteron pentium iii cpus intel celeron cpus intel xeon cpus amd sempron cpu fans cpu accessories projectors projectors miscellaneous multimedia digital projectors remote controls projector accessories radios radios miscellaneous radio radio accessories routers routers miscellaneous wireless g routers wireless 802.11b routers routers wired scanners scanners miscellaneous scanners all-n-one printers software operating systems software for windows graphics / desktop publishing security software gps software tax software miscellaneous software sound musical instruments sound cards stereo headphones speakers microphones decoders speakers speakers sporting goods sporting miscellaneous telescopes & binoculars rangerfinders fishfinders golf tents accessories telephones telephones miscellaneous wireless phones cordless phones corded phones fax machines headsets lcd tv voip signal boosters telephone accessories cordless phones extended warranties televisions antennas televisions miscellaneous tv mounts plasma & lcd flat-panel tvs audio video furniture pocket tv televisions tv stand lcd tv / dvd combo tv/monitor warranty tv accessories video video monitoring video miscellaneous video cards video capture video converters video recorders / players tv tuners tv dvd digital recorders cables video accessories video camcorders video camcorders miscellaneous digital camcorders camcorder cases camcorder batteries accessories digital camcorder extended warranties