来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20151231180305/http://www.511tactical.com/customer-service/warranty/
================================================================================

warranty javascript seems to be disabled in your browser. you must have javascript enabled in your browser to utilize the functionality of this website. store locator need help? call (866) 451-1726 free shipping on any order login /register united states please select ... australia europe united states 5.11 tactical always be ready 0 go my cart: 0 close you have no items in your shopping cart. login register menu united states please select ... australia europe united states men'spantsshortsshirtsouterwearundergearfitnesswomen'spantsshirtsshortsouterwearfitnesspublic safetylaw enforcementfire/emsfootwearbootsshoessocks & accessoriesbags & packsbackpacksbagsgun casespouches & attachmentsload bearing equipmenthard casesrange bagsrolling duffelsaccessoriesflashlightsbeltswatcheskniveshatsglovespatchesslings & gun holsterseyewearweb specials customer servicehelp centercontact usshipping informationreturn policywarrantyfaqsite mapcategory site mapsize chartsproduct registration5.11 locations help center contact us shipping information return policy warranty faq site map category site map size charts product registration 5.11 locations warranty information general warranty updated 7/26/11 (excluding certain products-see other warranties below) scope of warranty 5.11, inc. ("5.11") warrants each product sold by 5.11 or its authorized dealers ("product") to be free of defects in materials or workmanship for as long as you own the product, or for the maximum period allowed by the laws of your jurisdiction, if less. exclusions from coverage excluded from coverage under this warranty are the following: products purchased other than from 5.11 or from an authorized 5.11 dealer. damage resulting from abuse or misuse. damage resulting from extended wear and tear. damage resulting from tampering or a customer modification. damage resulting from exposure to a caustic substance. consequential, incidental, indirect, punitive, exemplary, and/or special damages (although some states in the united states do not allow the exclusion or limitation of consequential or incidental damages, so this exclusion might not apply to you). this warranty is the exclusive warranty provided by 5.11 relating to the product and, to the maximum extent permitted by law, 5.11 disclaims all other express or implied warranties. what you will need to do to return defective products bring the product to the store where it was purchased or call 5.11 for a return authorization number ("ra#"). to obtain an ra#, please take the following steps: call us at 1-866-451-1726; tell us what you are sending back; tell us why you are sending it back; and record the ra# and details for your future reference. to ship the product back to 5.11, please take the following steps: include a copy of the original proof of purchase or receipt; include a brief description of the problem; include the ra#; mark or identify the defect with a piece of masking tape (if applicable); print the ra# clearly on the outside of the box; and ship the product to the following address: 5.11 returns 17610 shideler parkway lathrop, ca 95330 attn: warranty department (ra #_______________) please ship the product freight prepaid and insured (5.11 assumes no responsibility for products during shipment from the customer to our warranty department and shipping charges are not refundable). if 5.11 determines that the product is defective, 5.11 will either replace the product or repair the product. all determinations made by 5.11 will be within 5.11's sole discretion and will be final. all returns by 5.11 in the united states will be sent using ground shipping; shipments being returned to a p.o. box will be made using u.s. mail. all returns to international customers will be sent using standard shipping. state and international laws this warranty gives you specific legal rights, and you may also have other rights which vary from state to state in the united states and in other countries. timepiece warranty scope of timepiece warranty 5.11, inc. ("5.11") warrants each timepiece sold by 5.11 or its authorized dealers ("product") to be free of defects in materials or workmanship for two years, or for the maximum period allowed by the laws of your jurisdiction, if less. exclusions from coverage excluded from coverage under this warranty are the following: products purchased other than from 5.11 or from an authorized 5.11 dealer. damage resulting from abuse or misuse. damage resulting from extended wear and tear. damage resulting from opening, tampering, or a customer modification. damage resulting from attempted service or repairs by an unauthorized service provider. wrist bands and crystals are not covered under warranty. damage resulting from exposure to a caustic substance. consequential, incidental, indirect, punitive, exemplary, and/or special damages (although some states in the united states do not allow the exclusion or limitation of consequential or incidental damages, so this exclusion might not apply to you). this warranty is the exclusive warranty provided by 5.11 relating to the product and, to the maximum extent permitted by law, 5.11 disclaims all other express or implied warranties. what you will need to do to return defective products bring the product to the store where it was purchased or call 5.11 for a return authorization number ("ra#"). to obtain an ra#, please take the following steps: call us at 1-866-451-1726; tell us what you are sending back; tell us why you are sending it back; and record the ra# and details for your future reference. to ship the product back to 5.11, please take the following steps: include a copy of the original proof of purchase or receipt; include a brief description of the problem; include the ra#; mark or identify the defect with a piece of masking tape (if applicable); print the ra# clearly on the outside of the box; and ship the product to the following address: 5.11 returns 17610 shideler parkway lathrop, ca 95330 attn: warranty department (ra #_______________) please ship the product freight prepaid and insured (5.11 assumes no responsibility for products during shipment from the customer to our warranty department and shipping charges are not refundable). if 5.11 determines that the product is defective, 5.11 will either replace the product or repair the product. all determinations made by 5.11 will be within 5.11's sole discretion and will be final. all returns by 5.11 in the united states will be sent using ground shipping; shipments being returned to a p.o. box will be made using u.s. mail. all returns to international customers will be sent using standard shipping. state and international laws this warranty gives you specific legal rights, and you may also have other rights which vary from state to state in the united states and in other countries. light for life ® warranty ( our atac flashlights are covered by our general warranty, above ) scope of light for life® warranty 5.11, inc. ("5.11") warrants each light for life® product ("product") sold by 5.11 or its authorized dealers to be free of defects in materials or workmanship for as long as you own the product, or for the maximum period allowed by the laws of your jurisdiction, if less. please note, however, that 5.11 warrants the chargers for light for life® products for a period of one year from the date of purchase, but the chargers are otherwise subject to the same terms and conditions of this warranty. exclusions from coverage excluded from coverage under this warranty are the following: products purchased other than from 5.11 or from an authorized 5.11 dealer. damage resulting from abuse or misuse. damage resulting from extended wear and tear. damage resulting from tampering or a customer modification. damage resulting from exposure to a caustic substance. consequential, incidental, indirect, punitive, exemplary, and/or special damages (although some states in the united states do not allow the exclusion or limitation of consequential or incidental damages, so this exclusion might not apply to you). this warranty is the exclusive warranty provided by 5.11 relating to the product and, to the maximum extent permitted by law, 5.11 disclaims all other express or implied warranties. what you will need to do to return defective products to return a defective product for warranty service, please call us at 1-888-511-4lfl (4535) in the u.s. and +46 40 467 388 in europe. if 5.11 determines that the product is defective, 5.11 will either replace the product or repair the product. all determinations made by 5.11 will be within 5.11's sole discretion. all returns by 5.11 in the united states will be sent using ground shipping; shipments being returned to a p.o. box will be made using u.s. mail. all returns to international customers will be sent using standard shipping. state and international laws this warranty gives you specific legal rights, and you may also have other rights which vary from state to state in the united states and in other countries. light for life ® duty light faqs q: why is the 5.11 tactical duty light uc3.400 (model #53000) no longer available? a: we have developed a new series of rechargeable battery-powered lights with superior performance attributes and more attractive pricing. these lights will be available to ship in the spring of 2012. q: how long will 5.11 tactical support the warranty on my duty light? a: we will provide repair and replacement warranty support for as long as our supply of duty light components lasts. we have a large inventory of these components, but it is not possible to say how long it will last. when the inventory of these components is depleted we will replace duty light units with our mid-size lights (model #53001), if requested to do so. q: have there been any problems with the duty light? a: there have been a small number of overcharging issues involving duty light units, primarily those that have been "hardwired" to vehicles' electrical systems. q: what is the cause of this overcharging? a: the cause has been identified as being large power transients or voltage spikes, which are prevalent in some vehicular power systems, causing the circuitry in the charger to fail in a manner that ultimately results in the flashlight overcharging. q: how do i know if this will happen to my flashlight? a: voltage spikes are more prevalent in vehicles utilizing multiple pieces of electronic peripheral equipment (such as radios, computers, warning or safety lights, etc.) or those that have the charger hardwired directly into modified power distribution systems (most often by police or fire departments). duty lights shipped by 5.11 after july 2011 featured a more robust charger design and have not experienced overcharging issues. q: how do i know if my unit might already have an upgraded charger? a: we added unique markings on units with an upgraded charger. these markings include: (a) a small blue dot on the product packaging, (b) a small white dot on the base of the charger. product packaging bottom of charger base q: what can happen to the duty light if it overcharges? a: in the rare instances in which a duty light experiences overcharging, the light might swell or become warm to the touch. in an even smaller number of instances, the overcharged capacitors might "vent", by design, to avoid rupturing, which can result in the melting of a small hole in the flashlight casing. q: what is the "fix" for this issue? a: the solution is to provide additional protection against power spikes by adding a filtering device to the charger's main power line. we are making two different options for this solution available to you, depending upon how your charger is installed: for duty lights that are "hardwired" into a vehicle's electronics, we will provide a free retrofit kit, including an attachable transient voltage suppressor ("tvs") and a fuse, along with simple but detailed instructions. in addition, we will make enhanced charger units available (with an imbedded tvs) to customers who elect to return the charger for replacement, while quantities last. q: i have a 5.11 tactical mid-size flashlight (pc3.300). does it have the same problem and should it be upgraded? a: the mid-size system has been much less susceptible to this failure due to its more robust design. at your option, however, we can provide you with a free tvs upgrade kit, including a tvs, fuse, and instructions, that can be attached to your charger's connection to the electrical system of your vehicle and that will further increase your light's resistance to voltage spikes. q: if i only run my charger on the ac adapter and never use it in a car do i still need to upgrade? a: we have never received a report of voltage spikes resulting in overcharging on an ac adapter. q: how long will it take to get the upgrade parts i need for my flashlight? a: we have all of the required upgrade parts in stock and they can be shipped within two business days of a customer's request. product replacements can also be made very quickly, while quantities last. q: what is this going to cost me? a: there is no cost to you for this service. we will provide the tvs upgrade kit at no charge and any product replacements will be made at our expense. station wear, wildland, and fire-resistant apparel warranty scope of warranty 5.11, inc. ("5.11") warrants its fire fighting and fire-resistant garments and apparel ("product") to be free from workmanship and material defects for the useful life of the products when used by appropriately trained personnel following acceptable fire fighting or emergency services procedures and when the garments' warning, use, and care instructions are followed. for purposes of this warranty, "workmanship and material defects" is defined as defects arising from the manufacturing process, including loose or broken seams, malfunctioning hardware, and flawed fabrics. defects do not encompass the results of ordinary wear and tear. in addition, "useful life," for purposes of this warranty, is defined as no more than three years, but may be shorter depending upon the type and frequency of use of the garment. nonetheless, it is the responsibility of the user and the applicable department or agency to establish its own guidelines and standards for assessing and determining the useful life of its apparel and equipment. exclusions from coverage excluded from coverage under this warranty are the following: products purchased other than from 5.11 or from an authorized 5.11 dealer. damage resulting from abuse, misuse, or improper care. damage resulting from extended wear and tear. damage resulting from tampering or a customer modification; and consequential, incidental, indirect, punitive, exemplary, and/or special damages (although some states in the united states do not allow the exclusion or limitation of consequential or incidental damages, so this exclusion might not apply to you). this warranty is the exclusive warranty provided by 5.11 relating to the product and, to the maximum extent permitted by law, 5.11 disclaims all other express or implied warranties, including without limitation warranties of merchantability and/or fitness for a particular purpose. what you will need to do to return defective products bring the product to the store where it was purchased or call 5.11 for a return authorization number ("ra#"). to obtain an ra#, please take the following steps: call 1-866-451-1726; indicate what you are sending back; explain why you are sending it back; and record the ra# and details for your future reference. to ship the product back to 5.11, please take the following steps: include a copy of the original proof of purchase or receipt; include a brief description of the problem; include the ra#; mark or identify the defect with a piece of masking tape (if applicable); print the ra# clearly on the outside of the box; and ship the product to the following address: 5.11 returns 17610 shideler parkway lathrop, ca 95330 attn: warranty department (ra #_______________) please ship the product freight prepaid and insured (5.11 assumes no responsibility for product during shipment from the customer to our warranty department and shipping charges are not refundable). if 5.11 determines that the product is defective, it will either replace the product or repair the product. all determinations made by 5.11will be within its sole discretion and will be final. all returns by 5.11 in the united states will be sent using ground shipping; shipments being returned to a p.o. box will be made using u.s. mail. all returns to international customers will be sent using standard shipping. state and international laws this warranty gives you specific legal rights, and you may also have other rights which vary from state to state in the united states and in other countries. sign up for email submit connect with 5.11 store locator choose region united states please select ... australia europe united states customer service call (866) 451-1726 help center contact us size charts return policy warranty shipping info site map 5.11 locations company info about 5.11 inc. tactical 360™ careers store locator human rights privacy, security & terms press releases nfpa 2112 user information guide view catalog view the full 5.11 tactical fall 2015 catalog view now our mission: we are innovators who make purpose-built gear for the most demanding missions built on a foundation of durability, quality and value, 5.11 tactical leads the industry in delivering functionally innovative gear, head to toe. always be ready. © 2015 5.11, inc. all rights reserved.