来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20181229200936/https://www.511tactical.com/company-info/privacy-security-terms/
================================================================================

privacy, security, and terms - 5.11 tactical javascript seems to be disabled in your browser. for the best experience on our site, be sure to turn on javascript in your browser. your cookie settings 5.11 ® asks you to accept cookies for performance, social media and advertising purposes. social media and advertising cookies of third parties are used to offer you social media functionalities and personalized ads. to get more information or amend your preferences, press the 'more information' button or visit "cookie settings" at the bottom of the website. to get more information about these cookies and the processing of your personal data, check our privacy & cookie policy. do you accept these cookies and the processing of personal data involved? yes, i accept more information you can always change your preference by visiting the "cookie settings" at the bottom of the page. view privacy & cookie policy for full details. your cookie settings functional these cookies are required for basic site functionality and are therefore always enabled. these include cookies that allow you to be remembered as you explore the site within a single session or, if you request, from session to session. they help make the shopping cart and checkout process possible as well as assist in security issues and conforming to regulations. performance these cookies allow us to improve the site's functionality by tracking usage on this website. in some cases these cookies improve the speed with which we can process your request, allow us to remember site preferences you've selected. de-selecting these cookies may result in poorly-tailored recommendations and slow site performance. social media and advertising social media cookies offer the possibility to connect you to your social networks and share content from our website through social media. advertising cookies (of third parties) collect information to help better tailor advertising to your interests, both within and beyond 5.11 tactical websites. in some cases, these cookies involve the processing of your personal data. for more information about this processing of personal data, check our privacy & cookie policy. de-selecting these cookies may result in seeing advertising that is not as relevant to you or you not being able to link effectively with facebook, twitter, or other social networks and/or not allowing you to share content on social media. done you can always change your preference by visiting the "cookie settings" at the bottom of the page. view privacy & cookie policy for full details. skip to content free us shipping (866) 451-1726 ship to: united states please select... australia sweden store locator my account shop 5.11 tactical search search submit toggle cart menu log in register men's men's gift guide new arrivals outdoor range professional sale men's featured men's / featured gift guide new arrivals outdoor range professional sale pants shirts shirts men's / shirts shop all shirts button ups polos t-shirts shorts outerwear outerwear men's / outerwear shop all outerwear jackets & vests pullovers & hoodies base layers mid layers plate carriers & vests footwear footwear men's / footwear shop all footwear boots shoes socks shop all bags & packs bags & packs men's / bags & packs shop all bags & packs backpacks bags featured men's women's women's gift guide new arrivals outdoor range professional sale women's featured women's / featured gift guide new arrivals outdoor range professional sale pants shirts shirts women's / shirts shop all shirts button-ups polos tees & tanks shorts outerwear outerwear women's / outerwear shop all outerwear jackets & vests pullovers & hoodies footwear bags & packs bags & packs women's / bags & packs shop all bags & packs handbags & totes backpacks plate carriers & vests shop all featured women's footwear footwear gift guide new arrivals waterproof boots atac® boots sale footwear featured footwear / featured gift guide new arrivals waterproof boots atac® boots sale boots shoes socks shop all featured footwear bags & packs bags & packs gift guide rush™ series amp collection dart collection fire/ems sale bags & packs featured bags & packs / featured gift guide rush™ series amp collection dart collection fire/ems sale backpacks sling packs bags messenger bags pouches & attachments guns & ammo storage luggage & duffel bags hard cases handbags & totes shop all featured bags & packs accessories accessories gift guide new arrivals sale accessories featured accessories / featured gift guide new arrivals sale plate carriers & vests holsters & slings eyewear belts tools gloves flashlights patches hats & beanies everyday carry shop all featured accessories professional professional new poly/wool uniforms 5.11 stryke™ uniforms xprt uniforms fast-tac uniforms sign up for a wear test professional featured professional / featured new poly/wool uniforms 5.11 stryke™ uniforms xprt uniforms fast-tac uniforms sign up for a wear test plate carriers law enforcement law enforcement professional / law enforcement shop all law enforcement uniforms boots breaching tools fire/ems fire/ems professional / fire/ems shop all fire/ems uniforms boots featured professional stay connected stay connected blog about 511 careers support support contact us help center store locator track your order return policy warranty size charts product resources search home company info privacy, security, and terms privacy, security, and terms real email address is required to social networks please enter your email address below to create account. email submit sign in registered customers email password login forgot your password? create new account? or sign in with sign in with facebook sign in with google create new account first name last name email sign up for newsletter password confirm password create an account back forgot password please enter your email address below to receive a password reset link. email submit go back welcome to 5.11’s website. we hope you enjoy your experience. in connection with your visit and use of our website, please review these terms of use, as well as our privacy and security policy, that apply to your use of this website. please visit the page, accessibility to our site for customers with disabilities, if you desire additional assistance accessing or reviewing these policies. terms of use: table of contents: intellectual property trademarks copyright and usage of content copyright infringement complaints web contents and technologies submission of product ideas or information user-generated content and product reviews product information and orders registered customer account links to other websites disclaimer indemnification miscellaneous termination promotions privacy notice table of contents: region-specific terms our commitment to privacy the information we collect automatic data collection the way we use information sharing of your information registered customer account our commitment to data security children's privacy third party hosting california do not track notice california disclosure information international users and data transfers how to contact us terms of use please review these basic terms for use of www.511tactical.com and its related sites (collectively, the “website” or “websites”). by using the website, you agree to follow and be bound by these terms of use (collectively, the “terms”). if you do not agree with any of these terms, please do not use the websites. we may change these terms any time. by using the website after a change, you agree to follow and be bound by the terms as changed. accordingly, please review these terms regularly. throughout these terms, “5.11”, “we”, “us”, and “our” refer to 5.11, inc. and its parents, subsidiaries, and its affiliated entities. intellectual property the website and its entire contents, features, and functionality (including by not limited to all information, text, displays, images, icons, video, and audio, and the design, selection, and arrangement thereof), are owned by 5.11, its licensors, or other providers of such material and are protected by united states and international copyright, trademark, patent, trade secret, and other intellectual property or proprietary rights laws. these terms permit personal, non-commercial, use of the website only. you are not authorized to reproduce, distribute, modify, create derivative works of, publicly display, publicly perform, republish, download, store, or transmit any material on our website, unless otherwise permitted to do so by law or by written consent from 5.11. nothing in the terms transfers to you any right, title or interest in any content on the website, including any intellectual property or content of third parties included on the website. you must not access or use any part of the website, or materials available through the website, for commercial purposes. if you wish to use any material on the website, please submit a request to the legal department using the “contact us” form found at http://www.511tactical.com/customer-service/contact/. consent and/or permission can be granted or withheld at the sole discretion of 5.11. failure to respond to any request, does not constitute consent or permission. trademarks 5.11®, 5.11 tactical®, as well as most other product names and logos used by 5.11 on this website are the trademarks or registered marks of 5.11, inc. these include all products, logos, phrases denoted with™ or ®, and all related names, designs and slogans. trademarks of other parties are identified wherever possible and 5.11 acknowledges their rights, and include, but are not limited to, the following: velcro® is a registered trademark of velcro industries b.v. traverse® is a trademark of l.l. bean, inc. used under license by 5.11, inc. teflon™ is a trademark of the chemours company fc, llc used under license by 5.11 tactical. ortholite® is a registered trademark of o2 partners, llc., used under license by 5.11, inc. realtree® and realtree x-tra® are registered trademarks of jordan outdoor enterprises, ltd., used under license by 5.11, inc. cordura® is a registered trademark of invista north america, s.à r.l., a société à responsibilité limiteé, used under license by 5.11, inc. vtac® and viking tactics® are registered trademarks of viking tactics, inc., and is used under license by 5.11, inc. event® is a registered trademark of bha altair, llc, used under license by 5.11, inc. veil camo® is a registered trademark of veil camo, llc, and is used under license by 5.11, inc. copyright and usage of content: the copyrights and other rights to the materials on our website, or other 5.11 owned or operated platforms (i.e. blogs, social media accounts, etc.), are owned by 5.11. no further publication or commercial use may be made of these materials without the express written permission of 5.11. copyright infringment complaints: if you believe that your work has been improperly copied and posted on this website, such that it constitutes infringement, please provide us with the following information: (1) name, address, telephone number, email address and an electronic or physical signature of the copyright owner or of the person authorized to act on his/her behalf; (2) a description of the copyrighted work that you claim has been infringed; (3) a description of where on the website the material that you claim is infringing is located; (4) a written statement that you have a good faith belief that the disputed use is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law; and (5) a statement by you, made under penalty of perjury, that the above information in your notice is accurate and that you are the copyright owner or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf. these requirements must be followed to give 5.11 legally sufficient notice of infringement. send copyright infringement complaints to: 5.11 tactical attn: legal department 3201 n. airport way manteca, ca 95336 email: legal@511tactical.com website contents and technologies: 5.11 does not provide the technologies used to build our website and, therefore, we neither recommend nor endorse these technologies. any information regarding identified technologies, including their capabilities, limitations, and applications, should be sought directly from their manufacturers. we hereby disclaim any rights to trademarks, service marks, trade names, logos, copyrights, patents, domain names, or other intellectual property interests of third parties. the downloading or export of software or technical data from this website to any other jurisdiction may be a violation of the united states export laws and is strictly prohibited. submission of product ideas or information: please see our privacy policy for general information regarding the use of this website. with regard to the submission of information to 5.11, please note that 5.11 does not want to receive confidential or proprietary information, including product ideas, from you through this website or otherwise unless you have another written agreement with 5.11 related to the sharing of such information. any information that 5.11 receives from you through this website, must comply with all applicable federal, state, local and international laws and regulations, and, other than your personally-identifiable information that is encompassed by the terms of our privacy policy, will be deemed to be non-confidential and non-proprietary. by transmitting non-confidential and/or non-proprietary information via this website or otherwise without a written agreement with 5.11 relating to your submission, you understand and agree that 5.11 may use that information for any purpose whatsoever without obligation to you. user-generated content and product reviews: we at 5.11, welcome your comments and submissions regarding our company, products, website, blog, and/or services, which might include personal information about you and your use of the website or 5.11 products. please review our privacy policy for more information. as a condition to your submission of any comments, reviews, photos, or other material, including social media posts associated with hangtags related to 5.11 (“user-generated content”), you agree to grant 5.11 an irrevocable, royalty-free, worldwide, and non-exclusive license to use, reproduce, distribute, publish, display, and create derivative works of the user-generated content, in any media now or hereafter known. 5.11 may display your user-generated content for other users to see, together with your name and associated social media account profile, if applicable. 5.11 may request to use or display the user-generated content you post on facebook, twitter, instagram, or pinterest by sending you a direct message. by responding to our message with “#yes511,” you grant us permission to use your user-generated content and agree to be bound by these terms. you understand, agree, represent and warrant that: 1) such user-generated content may be used on the website and/or other 5.11 maintained websites, marketing materials, or social media pages; 2) you are 18 years of age or older and have the full power and authority to submit the user-generated content and grant the licenses herein; 3) the user-generated content will not violate anyone else's right, including copyright, trademark, privacy or other rights; and 4) your user-generated content complies with all applicable laws, rules and regulations, as well as any applicable third-party agreements, including without limitation instagram, facebook, twitter, pinterest, and vine’s terms of use. you may not transmit any information that is or contains threatening, libelous, defamatory, scandalous, inflammatory, pornographic, profane, or otherwise unlawful, obscene or objectionable material, as determined by, and in the sole discretion of, 5.11. you will be solely responsible for the content of any submissions you might make. 5.11 has the right to remove or refuse to post any user-generated content for any or no reason, in its sole discretion. 5.11 cannot review all material before it is posted on the website, or ensure prompt removal of objectionable material after it has been posted. accordingly, 5.11 is not responsible or liable for the content or information that others post or transmit to the website, for any error, defamation, libel, slander, omission, falsehood, obscenity, profanity or other objectionable material contained in any such information, or for the conduct of any website user. product information and orders: products displayed on the website can be delivered only in accordance with united states export laws and regulations. by placing your order with us, you are representing to us that you will comply with all applicable laws and that you are of legal age and, furthermore, you agree to hold us harmless from your failure to comply with these requirements. product pricing and availability are subject to change without notice. the display of product color will depend on your individual monitor and 5.11 cannot guarantee the accuracy of your monitor’s display. all orders placed through the website are subject to 5.11’s acceptance. this means that 5.11 may refuse to accept or may cancel any order, whether or not the order has been confirmed, for any or no reason, and without liability to you or anyone else. if your credit card has already been charged for an order that is later cancelled, 5.11 will issue you a refund. the sale, possession, transportation, and use of knives are subject to a wide variety of local, state, federal and international laws. as a result, it is your responsibility to familiarize yourself and comply with all laws that might be applicable to your purchase, possession, transportation, use or resale of our knives. to do so, we recommend that you contact your local law enforcement. we do not and will not sell knives to minors. registered customer account: by creating a registered customer account on the website, you will be able to move through the checkout process faster, store shipping and billing information, view past orders, and track shipments. an account is not required to make purchases via the website. if you do not wish to set-up an account, you can process to checkout as a “guest”. please review our privacy policy for full details. links to other websites: any links contained on the website to outside websites are provided only as a convenience. all use of outside links is at your sole risk. if you have any concerns regarding any outside site linked to or from the website, please direct them to the owner or operator of the outside site. 5.11 is not responsible for any outside sites, services, or other materials linked to or from the website, and we disclaim all liability for any injury you might experience by using such materials. you may not create hyperlinks to this website, nor may you use any "framing" or similar techniques to enclose any portion of this website without 5.11’s prior written consent. disclaimer: the information contained in this website is provided to you "as is," for your internal informational purposes only, without any representation or warranty of accuracy or completeness of information or other warranty of any kind, including any implied warranty of quality, merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, or non-infringement. in no event will 5.11 be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental, special or consequential damages for use of this website or reliance upon any information or material accessed via it or any other hyperlinked website including, but not limited to, damages arising from loss of profits, business interruption, or loss of data, even if 5.11 is expressly advised about the possibility of such damages, to the fullest extent allowable by law. some jurisdictions do not allow the exclusion of implied warranties and representations, so the above exclusions may not apply to you. additionally, 5.11 makes no representations or warranties whatsoever about any other website which you may choose to access through this website. links provided by 5.11 to such websites are provided solely for your convenience and should not be deemed to imply that 5.11 endorses those websites or any content therein. indenification: you agree to defend, indemnify and hold 5.11 (along with its directors, officers, employees, and agents) harmless from and against any claims, damages, costs, and expenses, including attorneys' fees, arising from or related to your use of the website (including user-generated content) or your violation of any of these terms. miscellaneous: this website is controlled and operated by 5.11, from our offices in irvine, california. unless otherwise specified, 5.11 displays this website and its contents solely to market and promote products and services in the united states and make no claims as to its accessibility outside of the united states. access to the website may not be legal by certain persons or in certain countries. should you choose to access the website from outside of the united states, you do so at your own risk and are responsible for compliance with local laws. these terms shall be construed according to california law, without regard to conflicts of laws. any dispute arising under or relating to these terms, the contents of the website, the use of the website, or products or services purchased using this website, shall be resolved exclusively by the state and federal courts of the state of california. your use of the website constitutes your consent to the jurisdiction and venue of said courts with respect to any such dispute. these terms, together with the privacy policy, are the entire agreements between you and 5.11 relating to the website or its contents. any other agreements are superseded and have no force or effect. termination: your failure to comply with these terms automatically revokes your authorization to use the website and terminates any and all rights granted to you under the terms. the restrictions, including restrictions with respect to its content, disclaimers, and liability limitations in these terms shall continue to apply. upon denial of access, you must promptly destroy all content downloaded or obtained from this website, as well as all copies of content. promotions: 5.11 tactical reserves the right to cancel or make adjustments to any order placed online in order to comply with the promotion being offered. we will not charge any customer’s credit card an amount that is greater than the total checkout price. however, orders may be put on hold in order for a customer service representative to contact a customer for additional information necessary to complete an order. offers may change at any time and are good only while supplies last, valid in the u.s. only on the 511tactical.com website. promotions cannot be applied to previous orders placed. 5.11 cash promotion: any purchase on 511tactical.com or in a 5.11 store of $150 or more in full priced products from 11/1/18 - 11/14/18 is eligible to receive a $20 coupon code to use on a purchase of $100 or more from 12/1/18 - 12/14/18. each coupon code is one time use. customers will receive their unique coupon code via email that they provide at checkout. in store customers will receive a card that they can bring back to a 5.11 store to redeem or they can redeem with the coupon code online at 511tactical.com. the provided coupon codes can only be redeemed in a 5.11 tactical store or online at 511tactical.com. effective date and changes: these terms are effective as of july 31, 2018. we reserve the right to modify these terms at any time and in our sole discretion, by posting the revised terms on this page. your continued use of our website following our posting of a change notice will constitute binding acceptance of those changes. privacy policy if you are located within the european union, japan, or australia, the following region-specific terms apply: european union & switzerland united kingdom japan australia our commitment to privacy: your privacy is important to us. to better protect your privacy, we provide this notice explaining our online information practices and the choices you can make about the way your information is collected and used (collectively, the “policy”). to make this policy easy to find, we make it available on our homepage and at every point where personally-identifiable information might be requested. throughout this policy, “we”, “us”, and “our” refers to 5.11, inc. and its parents, subsidiaries, and its affiliated entities, and “website” refers to the sites found on the internet at www.511tactical.com, www.tacticalrewards.com, and www.tactical360.511tactical.com. the information we collect: we may collect personal data from customers both online and offline. online, we may collect information through the website, an affiliated site (such as a promotional microsite linked to our site), a 5.11 tactical page on a community website (such as facebook or the like), or through similar online avenues. on some pages, you may order products, make requests, submit product reviews, and register to receive materials or information. offline, we may collect information through our sales associates at retail locations (such as email addresses for the purposes of sending electronic receipts). our policy applies to all information collected by or submitted to the website, 5.11, or its employees as described herein. the types of personal information collected include, without limitation, your name, address, email address, phone number, and credit/debit card information. on some pages, you may submit information about other people. for example, if you order a gift online and want it sent directly to the recipient, you will need to submit the recipient’s address. in this circumstance, the types of personal information collected relating to the recipient include their name, shipping address, and phone number. we may combine information you give us with other information from 5.11 sources or transactions, including without limitation 5.11 stores, direct mail, catalogs, events, and automatic data collection sources. we may also combine that information with data that is publicly available and/or data from third parties. automatic data collection our website uses “cookie” technology to improve the quality of your experience. a cookie is a small file that contains information sent by a website that is saved on your hard disk by your computer’s browser. cookies store information that a website may need in order to personalize your experience and gather website statistical data. any time you visit our website to browse or to read or download information, we collect and store the name of the domain and host from which you access the internet (for example, msn.com, google.com, etc.); the internet protocol address of the computer you are using; the browser software you use and your operating system; the date and time you access our website; and the internet address of the website from which you linked directly to our website. we use this information to measure the number of visitors to areas of our website, and to help us make our website more useful and interesting to our visitors. we use information from cookies in the aggregate to analyze for trends and statistics, and then discard it. the technologies we use for this automatic data collection may include: cookies (or browser cookies)   a cookie is a small file placed on the hard drive of your computer. you may refuse to accept browser cookies by activating the appropriate setting on your browser. however, if you select this setting you may be unable to access certain parts of our website. unless you have adjusted your browser setting so that it will refuse cookies, our system will issue cookies when you direct your browser to our website. flash cookies   certain features of our website may use local stored objects (or flash cookies) to collect and store information about your preferences and navigation to, from, and on our website. flash cookies are not managed by the same browser settings as are used for browser cookies. web beacons   pages of our website and our e-mails may contain small electronic files known as web beacons (also referred to as clear gifs, pixel tags, and single-pixel gifs) that enable us, for example, to count users who have visited those pages or opened an email and for other related website statistics (for example, recording the popularity of certain website content and verifying system and server integrity). we may also use technologies to collect information about your online activities over time and across third party websites or other online services (e.g.behavioral tracking). because there are not yet common industry-accepted “do-not-track” standards and systems, our website does not respond to “do-not-track” signals. the way we use information we use the information you provide (about you or someone else) when placing an order to ship the product and to confirm delivery, to improve your shopping experience, help target or suggest products for you, and/or to help analyze and improve our website’s overall performance. if you contact us, we retain copies of your email correspondence and use return e-mail addresses to answer the e-mail received. such addresses are not used for any other purpose and are not shared with outside parties. we may post a product review or other content (including social media posts associated with hashtags related to 5.11) that you submit, although we reserve the right to not post such content if we, in our sole discretion, deem the content inappropriate. see our terms of use for more information. we will occasionally send out promotional e-mails to our previous purchasers relating to sweepstakes and catalog and e-mail signups. you may opt-in to receive e-mails from us by providing an email address during checkout at any 5.11-owned retail store or by signing up within your registered customer account. we provide full instructions on how to unsubscribe from these distribution lists at the bottom of each e-mail that is circulated. sharing of your information we may share your personal information with our subsidiaries, partners, and third-party independent contractors for purposes of: (1) performing functions on behalf of us, such as processing credit card transactions; (2) providing you with product offers through electronic and/or postal mail; and (3) tracking information generated through our website. our partners and third-party independent contractors are obligated contractually not to use or share your personal information for unauthorized purposes. we also may disclose your personal information: (1) to comply with a court order, subpoena, search warrant, or other legal process; (2) to comply with legal, regulatory, or administrative requirements of any governmental authorities; (3) to protect and defend us, our subsidiaries and affiliates, and their officers, directors, employees, attorneys, agents, contractors, and partners, in connection with any legal action, claim, or dispute; (4) to enforce the terms of use of our website; (5) to prevent imminent physical harm; and (6) in the event that we find that your actions on our website violate any laws, our terms of use, or any of our usage guidelines for specific products or services. we also reserve the right to transfer your personal information to a third party in the event of a transfer of all or substantially all of our assets or business, provided that the third party agrees to adhere to the terms of this policy. we may share product reviews that you submit with our authorized dealers solely for informational and promotional purposes. if our information practices change at some time in the future we will post the policy changes to our website. if you are concerned about how your information is used, you should check back at our website periodically. finally, we never use or share the personally-identifiable information provided to us online in ways unrelated to the ones described above without also providing you an opportunity to opt-out or otherwise prohibit such unrelated uses. registered customer account by creating a registered customer account on the website, you will be able to store certain personal information to assist your online shopping experience, such as shipping addresses, email addresses and billing information. accounts are completely optional and provided for your shopping convenience. if you do not wish to set-up an account, you can proceed to checkout as a “guest.” you may access and edit any personally-identifiable information maintained within your account at any time. to do so, simply login using your email address and secured password and navigate through the information tabs on the left-hand side of your account dashboard. we use this procedure to better safeguard your information. you may also subscribe to receive our free newsletter, e-mail promotions, and other updates by checking the box at the time of checkout or account registration. if you wish to unsubscribe from our e-mail list, you will need to do so by clicking on the unsubscribe link at the bottom of our marketing e-mails, or by updating your “newsletter subscription” status within your account. our commitment to data security to prevent unauthorized access, maintain data accuracy, and ensure the correct use of information, we have put in place and maintain appropriate physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect. children’s privacy: children (under the age of 18) are not eligible to use the website unsupervised, and we ask that children do not submit any personal information to us. if you are under the age of 18, you may only use this website in conjunction with, and under the supervision of, your parents or guardians. third-party hosting: we contract with a third party to maintain and host our website. therefore, any information you submit, including personal information, will be placed and stored on a computer server maintained by this third-party host. the third party has agreed to implement technology and security features and strict policy guidelines to safeguard the privacy of your personal information from unauthorized access or improper use. california do not track notice: because there are not yet common, industry-accepted “do not track” standards and systems, our website does not respond to “do not track” signals. california disclosure information: california residents are entitled to receive the following disclosure information under california law under california law, california residents have the right to request in writing from businesses with which they have an established business relationship, (1) a list of the categories of personally identifiable information, such as name, address, date of birth, social security number, email address, and any other types of personally identifiable information that a business has disclosed to third parties (including affiliates that are separate legal entities) during the immediately preceding calendar year for the third parties' direct marketing purposes, and (2) the names and addresses of all such third parties. we will respond to such written requests within 30 days following receipt at the email address specified below under “how to contact us.” if we receive your request at a different email or mailing address, we will respond within a reasonable period of time, but not to exceed 150 days from the date received. please note that we are required to respond to each customer only once per calendar year. we comply with state and federal rules of the united states regarding the collection, use, and retention of personally identifiable information and data. the recipients of users' personally identifiable data, and more generally these disclosures, may be located in the united states or other jurisdictions that might not provide a level of protection equivalent to the laws in your jurisdiction. if you submit personally identifiable data to us, you consent to the transfer of such personally identifiable data outside your jurisdiction. international users and data tranfers the data we collect or process from the website will be stored in the united states of america. as such, we take considerable measures to comply with the legal requirements and safeguards set forth by the general data protection regulation (“gdpr”) and other applicable legal requirements required for cross-border collection, use, and retention of personal information from the european economic area (“eea”), switzerland, or the united kingdom. if you are located in the eea, switzerland, or united kingdom, please refer to the region-specific data privacy terms. if you are an authorized 5.11 tactical dealer or distributor, please here to learn more about our collection of company data. purchases made through our website by customers with shipping locations outside of the united states are processed through a third-party, i-parcel llc (“i-parcel”), and not through 5.11. personal information that you provide in connection with any website purchase is provided directly to i-parcel, not to 5.11, although i-parcel may share this information with us if necessary. for more information on i-parcel’s privacy policies and terms of use, click click here. how to contact us: should you have other questions or concerns about this policy, please call us at 866.451.1726 or send us an email inquiry to privacy@511tactical.com. please visit the page, accessibility to our site for customers with disabilities, if you desire additional assistance accessing or reviewing these policies. effective date and changes: this policy is effective as of july 31, 2018. we reserve the right to modify the terms of this policy at any time and in our sole discretion, by posting the revised policy on this page. we recommend that you check this page for updates when you visit our website to ensure you are aware of and understand our current policy. if we make a material change to this policy regarding how we use or collect your personal data, we may post a notice to this page or send an email describing the changes. your continued use of our website following our posting of a change notice will constitute binding acceptance of those changes. get the latest intel sign up for updates from 511 tactical your email address sign up select your country customer service call (866) 451-1726 help center contact us order status size charts return policy warranty shipping info site map 5.11 locations product resources company info about 5.11 inc. corporate locations tactical 360™ careers store locator vendor code of conduct supply chain act privacy, security & terms eu privacy, security & terms press releases accessibility to our site for customers with disabilities nfpa 2112 user information guide 5.11 tactical uk tax strategy beyond clothing® follow us instagram twitter facebook youtube get the catalog get the catalog view the fall 2018 catalog view now 5.11 tactical built on a foundation of durability, quality and value, 5.11 tactical leads the industry in delivering functionally innovative gear, head to toe. © 2018 5.11, inc. all rights reserved. continue shopping need help? email customer support or call us at (866) 451-1726 guaranteed returns 100% satisfaction guarantee for 45 days our return policy free ground us shipping on all orders $35 or more