来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20141125043905/http://www.juicedhybrid.com/terms.asp
================================================================================

terms & conditions: juicedhybrid.com to take full advantage of this site, please enable your browser's javascript feature. learn how www.juicedhybrid.com 100% satisfaction guaranteed free shipping on orders over $99! 1-800-270-5699 info@juicedhybrid.com about us my account help 0 search accessories home prius accessories other hybrid models ev's and plug-in please read the following terms and conditions of use carefully before using this website. all users of this site agree that access to and use of this site are subject to the following terms and conditions and other applicable law. if you do not agree to these terms and conditions, please do not use this site.copyrightthe entire content included in this site, including but not limited to text, graphics or code is copyrighted as a collective work under the united states and other copyright laws, and is the property of juicedhybrid.com. the collective work includes works that are licensed to juicedhybrid.com. copyright 2011, juicedhybrid.com all rights reserved. permission is granted to electronically copy and print hard copy portions of this site for the sole purpose of placing an order with juicedhybrid.com or purchasing juicedhybrid.com products. you may display and, subject to any expressly stated restrictions or limitations relating to specific material, download or print portions of the material from the different areas of the site solely for your own non-commercial use, or to place an order with juicedhybrid.com or to purchase juicedhybrid.com products. any other use, including but not limited to the reproduction, distribution, display or transmission of the content of this site is strictly prohibited, unless authorized by juicedhybrid.com. you further agree not to change or delete any proprietary notices from materials downloaded from the site.trademarksall trademarks, service marks and trade names of juicedhybrid.com used in the site are trademarks or registered trademarks of juicedhybrid.comwarranty disclaimerthis site and the materials and products on this site are provided "as is" and without warranties of any kind, whether express or implied. to the fullest extent permissible pursuant to applicable law, juicedhybrid.com disclaims all warranties, express or implied, including, but not limited to, implied warranties of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose and non-infringement. juicedhybrid.com does not represent or warrant that the functions contained in the site will be uninterrupted or error-free, that the defects will be corrected, or that this site or the server that makes the site available are free of viruses or other harmful components. juicedhybrid.com does not make any warrantees or representations regarding the use of the materials in this site in terms of their correctness, accuracy, adequacy, usefulness, timeliness, reliability or otherwise. some states do not permit limitations or exclusions on warranties, so the above limitations may not apply to you.limitation of liabilityjuicedhybrid.com shall not be liable for any special or consequential damages that result from the use of, or the inability to use, the materials on this site or the performance of the products, even if juicedhybrid.com has been advised of the possibility of such damages. applicable law may not allow the limitation of exclusion of liability or incidental or consequential damages, so the above limitation or exclusion may not apply to you.typographical errorsin the event that a juicedhybrid.com product is mistakenly listed at an incorrect price, juicedhybrid.com reserves the right to refuse or cancel any orders placed for product listed at the incorrect price. juicedhybrid.com reserves the right to refuse or cancel any such orders whether or not the order has been confirmed and your credit card charged. if your credit card has already been charged for the purchase and your order is cancelled, juicedhybrid.com shall issue a credit to your credit card account in the amount of the incorrect price.term; terminationthese terms and conditions are applicable to you upon your accessing the site and/or completing the registration or shopping process. these terms and conditions, or any part of them, may be terminated by juicedhybrid.com without notice at any time, for any reason. the provisions relating to copyrights, trademark, disclaimer, limitation of liability, indemnification and miscellaneous, shall survive any termination.noticejuicedhybrid.com may deliver notice to you by means of e-mail, a general notice on the site, or by other reliable method to the address you have provided to juicedhybrid.com.miscellaneousyour use of this site shall be governed in all respects by the laws of the state of california, u.s.a., without regard to choice of law provisions, and not by the 1980 u.n. convention on contracts for the international sale of goods. you agree that jurisdiction over and venue in any legal proceeding directly or indirectly arising out of or relating to this site (including but not limited to the purchase of juicedhybrid.com products) shall be in the state or federal courts located in san mateo county, california. any cause of action or claim you may have with respect to the site (including but not limited to the purchase of juicedhybrid.com products) must be commenced within one (1) year after the claim or cause of action arises. juicedhybrid.com's failure to insist upon or enforce strict performance of any provision of these terms and conditions shall not be construed as a waiver of any provision or right. neither the course of conduct between the parties nor trade practice shall act to modify any of these terms and conditions. juicedhybrid.com may assign its rights and duties under this agreement to any party at any time without notice to you.use of siteharassment in any manner or form on the site, including via e-mail, chat, or by use of obscene or abusive language, is strictly forbidden. impersonation of others, including a juicedhybrid.com or other licensed employee, host, or representative, as well as other members or visitors on the site is prohibited. you may not upload to, distribute, or otherwise publish through the site any content which is libelous, defamatory, obscene, threatening, invasive of privacy or publicity rights, abusive, illegal, or otherwise objectionable which may constitute or encourage a criminal offense, violate the rights of any party or which may otherwise give rise to liability or violate any law. you may not upload commercial content on the site or use the site to solicit others to join or become members of any other commercial online service or other organization.participation disclaimerjuicedhybrid.com does not and cannot review all communications and materials posted to or created by users accessing the site, and is not in any manner responsible for the content of these communications and materials. you acknowledge that by providing you with the ability to view and distribute user-generated content on the site, juicedhybrid.com is merely acting as a passive conduit for such distribution and is not undertaking any obligation or liability relating to any contents or activities on the site. however, juicedhybrid.com reserves the right to block or remove communications or materials that it determines to be (a) abusive, defamatory, or obscene, (b) fraudulent, deceptive, or misleading, (c) in violation of a copyright, trademark or; other intellectual property right of another or (d) offensive or otherwise unacceptable to juicedhybrid.com in its sole discretion.indemnificationyou agree to indemnify, defend, and hold harmless juicedhybrid.com, its officers, directors, employees, agents, licensors and suppliers (collectively the "service providers") from and against all losses, expenses, damages and costs, including reasonable attorneys' fees, resulting from any violation of these terms and conditions or any activity related to your account (including negligent or wrongful conduct) by you or any other person accessing the site using your internet account.third-party linksin an attempt to provide increased value to our visitors, juicedhybrid.com may link to sites operated by third parties. however, even if the third party is affiliated with juicedhybrid.com, juicedhybrid.com has no control over these linked sites, all of which have separate privacy and data collection practices, independent of juicedhybrid.com. these linked sites are only for your convenience and therefore you access them at your own risk. nonetheless, juicedhybrid.com seeks to protect the integrity of its web site and the links placed upon it and therefore requests any feedback on not only its own site, but for sites it links to as well (including if a specific link does not work). return policy the vast majority of products available at juiced hybrid are returnable. to initiate a return, you must request a return authorization number (ra#) within 30 days of receipt of the product. all items must have an ra# and be received in a new, unused and ready-to-sell condition (including all original packaging, parts, and paperwork) to receive a refund, excluding any shipping costs. you may be responsible for shipping fees on returned items. all electronic products, such as radar detectors and engine programmers, require a 15% restocking fee and are subject to inspection before a credit is issued. juiced hybrid does not accept returns on items that have been installed, used items, custom-painted products or items shipped via truck freight. international orders cannot be returned or exchanged unless the item is defective or in the case of an error on our part. all damage claims must be made by receiver with the carrier. juiced hybrid will not reimburse labor charges or installation fees under any circumstances. orders placed using paypal must pass an inspection before any credit will be issued.seat covers, dash covers and any custom painted or custom manufactured product carry a 15% restocking fee. return procedure all return items require a return authorization number (ra#). to get an ra#, log in to my account/ order status with your email address and password/order number. select the "return items" link above the product(s) in your order and choose a return reason from the drop down menu on the right. then click the "submit" button, and your return request will be sent to our returns department. we'll call you or email you within 24-48 hours (allow additional time for weekends and holidays) ra#.shipments received without a valid ra# clearly posted on the outside of the box will be charged a 15% restocking fee. juiced hybrid is not responsible for items returned without proper return information (customer's name, address and ra#) on or in the box. refused shipment without a proper return authorization will be charged a 15% restocking fee.all items returned must be in new condition in original packaging and able to be resold as new. the original packaging must be unmarked. defective items if an item arrives in an unacceptable condition as a result of a manufacturer defect, we will send you a pre-paid return shipping label. to get a shipping label and a valid ra#, see our full return procedure above. once you've received the label and the ra#, ship the defective item as instructed by your customer care specialist. once we've confirmed the package is in transit we'll ship you a replacement or credit your account. restocking fees juiced hybrid does not charge a restocking fee for returning most items. however, for some items, a restocking fee applies.ï¿½ a 15% restocking fee also applies to the following: items returned with no return authorization.shipments returned without a proper return authorization number (ra#) clearly posted on the box or over 30 days. all items returned that had "free shipping" will have the original outbound shipping cost deducted when returned.orders placed for incorrect year, model or color.any item that is a refused shipment by the recipient.shipments returned to the incorrect warehouse designated when a return authorization in provided.products returned over 30 days from date of purchase may be charged a restocking fee. if a full credit is given this would only be in the from of a merchandise credit.seat covers, dash covers, hood mask and car bras and any custom painted product carry a 15% restocking fee.return of any electronic product carry a 15% restocking fee. orders placed for the incorrect model year of your vehiclebecause manufacturers are constantly changing vehicle designs, we do not guarantee an older part will fit a newer vehicle and vice versa. ordering a product not specifically designed for your vehicle (for example, a 2006 model car cover ordered for a 2007 vehicle) is done at your own risk and will incur a restocking fee if returned. credits all returned item(s) will be inspected upon receipt and must meet the following criteria for a credit: the item(s) must be returned in a new conditionall items returned for a refund or exchange must be in a new and ready-to-sell condition. this includes all installation hardware, instructions, packaging and paperwork. the returned package must be clearly labeled with a proper return authorization number (ra#)items returned without an ra# clearly displayed on the box will be charged a 15% restocking fee. for more information on how to obtain an ra#. the original credit card used to place the order will be credited for the purchase price of the item and any applicable sales tax, excluding all shipping costs. we'll send an email confirming receipt of your return and your credit. please allow an additional 5-7 business days for your bank to process the credit to your account. exchanges/replacements items to be replaced must meet the same conditions as items returned to juiced hybrid for a refund. non-defective items returned for exchange must be in a new and ready-to-sell condition with all original packaging, paperwork and parts included. defective items must also be returned with the same items included in the original order. if you request a replacement, we will ship your new item after we receive and process your return. please allow 5-10 business days to process your return once it has been received. a restocking fee may apply to certain products. if you need a replacement item right away, we suggest placing a new order on our website, or email us at sales@juicedhybrid.com or call us at 800-270-5699 for expedited ordering. express shipping charges may apply for rush orders. shipments without a proper return authorization number (ra#) will be charged a 15% restocking fee. log in to your order status page to begin the return process and receive your ra#. holiday returns during the holiday season, juiced hybrid makes it easier than ever for you or your gift recipients to return items. on orders placed during between nov 1st and dec 31st, you'll have up to 60 days from the time of delivery to return any item-double the standard 30-day policy.as with any of our returns, items must be in an unused, new condition and include original packaging and paperwork in order to receive a refund. all other standard return policies/procedures apply. international juicedhybrid.com will not be responsible for international shipments that are returned to us. most common reasons are for inaccurate addresses and import customs issues including paperwork requirements. all cost associated with outbound shipping and reshipment for any reason will be at the customers expense. free shipping program from time to time juiced hybrid offer special promotional "free shipping programs". this offer is only valid for us deliveries in the 48 continental states. while most products are eligible for "free shipping" some oversized of heavy/dense items will be charges a flat fee or actual shipping charges.fulfillmentif an item is in stock we will ship within 24 to 48 hour not including weekends. items that are custom built or not in stock take longer.cancellation policy all orders are electronically processed and forwarded to the warehouse immediately after the order is confirmed therefore, the window of opportunity to cancel an order is limited. all orders must be canceled before you receive the invoice - payment accepted email. no orders can be canceled after payment has been confirmed, as the order will be immediately processed for shipment. helpful links about us customer reviews 100% satisfaction guarantee my account login / register order tracking return policy privacy policy site map products prius accessories prius interior accessories prius exterior accessories prius performanceother prius accessories shop all hybrid models contact 1-800-270-5699 email us 1023 chestnut street redwood city, ca 94063 connect facebook google + twitter yelp car brands chevroletfordhonda hyundaikia lexusnissan teslatoyota copyright © 2013 juicedhybrid.com. all rights reserved.