来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20141231024202/http://www.buydig.com/shop/usertpl.aspx?fle=Policies.htm
================================================================================

buydig.com customer service: 800-617-4686 photographypoint & shoot digital camerasslr digital camerascompact system cameraslensescamera accessorieslens accessoriesflashesflash memory cardshard drives & storageprintersscannerstelevision4k tvsplasma tvslcd tvsled tvs3d tvsprojectorstv accessoriesvideocamcorderspro videoblu-ray & dvdvideo gamingdigital media playersreceiversvideo accessoriesdigital video recorderssecurity camerasaudioaudio systemsearphonesheadphoneshome theater systemsturntablesmp3 playersradiopro audiodj & lightingreceiversaudio recordersaudio convertersshelf systemsmicrophonesspeakersmusical instrumentsaudio accessoriesipod accessoriesjukeboxeslive soundcomputerslaptops / notebookschromebookstablet pcsdesktop pcsall-in-one pcsgaming computerspc monitorsmemory (ram)keyboards & micenetworkinghard drives & storagesoftwarewebcamsprintersscannersaccessories & peripheralskitchen & housewareskitchenhousewaresoutdoor livingpersonal carepower & hand toolsbaby gearsports & fitnessgolfbaseball & softballfootballbikes & trailersscootershockeysoccerhuntingsporting miscellaneousluggagesuitcasessuitcase setscarry-on luggagemore categoriescar electronicsgadgetssunglasseswatchesgames & toysaccessoriesgift ideasfashion & accessorieshelp cameras tvs laptops mobile gear slrs blowout deals gift ideas clearance follow us: ordering returns privacy how to place an order payment options order verification order confirmation order processing time order status & tracking order change/cancellation rebates shipping address change backorders drop shipping international orders order acceptance pricing taxes return policy return conditions how to return refunds exchange defective items damaged or missing items replacement television returns return exceptions site security fair credit billing act information we collect use of cookies aggregate information external links special promotion emails children's online policy copyright and trademark shipping disclaimers free shipping fedex united states postal service oversized merchandise non-deliverable addresses website disclaimer warranty disclaimer shipping disclaimer product reviews limitation of liability product description/images promotions/coupon disclaimer how to place an order: back to top orders can be placed on our website 24 hours a day, 7 days a week. would you like to email or speak with a sales representative? we invite you to contact our sales department and chat with one of our knowledgeable sales representatives. payment options: back to top we accept visa, mastercard, american express, discover card, paypal, and wire transfers. debit cards are also welcome but, before making any large purchase, you may need to check with your card's issuing bank to ensure that you are not exceeding your card's daily or transactional limit. we also accept purchase orders from government agencies, educational institutions, and corporations. all purchase orders are subject to credit approval. please contact our sales department for all purchase order inquiries. order verification / fraud prevention: back to top all orders placed through buydig.com are subject to our verification process for order accuracy and payment validation authorization. for security reasons, we may contact you via email or telephone to request additional information. in order to protect against fraudulent activity, buydig.com must verify the bill-to and ship-to address. please be certain to provide your exact billing address and phone number (the address and phone number your credit card's issuing bank has on file). incorrect information will cause a delay in the processing time. if your shipping address is different than your billing address (where you receive your credit card statement), please call your credit card's issuing bank to make them aware of the shipping address. informing your credit card's issuing bank about your shipping address will not change any existing billing information; it will merely be temporarily listed in the bank's memo field for purchase verification only. please understand that calling your credit card's issuing bank about an address notification may not only be necessary, but it will also speed up the verification process. if your selected payment method is paypal, we will ship your order to a paypal confirmed address only. a paypal confirmed address is an address that has been reviewed by paypal and found to be safe based on information related to the address. for example, a credit card billing address is confirmed because paypal can check that the address is the same address on file at the credit card company. we are currently unable to process any credit cards that are billed to an address outside of the united states, canada, great britain, and australia. order confirmation: back to top a confirmation displaying the order number will appear on the checkout page immediately after your order is submitted. if an order confirmation did not appear after the final submit button, we may have received your order but communication from our server to your computer was interrupted. please contact customer service to verify if your order has been received. you will also receive an order confirmation via email after completing your order online or by phone. an email address* is required so that we may keep you informed concerning the status of your order. if you do not receive the confirmation email, please check to ensure that your internet service provider or email client does not have a filter that is preventing the confirmation email from reaching your inbox. you should also double check any junk mail or spam email folders, or set your filters to permit emails from customerservice@buydig.com. *we will never share your email address with unrelated 3rd parties except as is necessary to fulfill transactions that you initiate. you can view our privacy policy here. order processing time: back to top it may take approximately one to two business days to process an order before it ships, provided that the merchandise is in stock and that we are able to complete the address verification and payment process. the estimated time of arrival is determined by the chosen shipping method and the carrier's local delivery guidelines. order status and tracking information: back to top you can check the status of your order on our website at anytime by signing in to "my account." simply enter your email address and password to view the status of all existing and previous orders. additionally, you may contact customer service for order status information. order change / cancellation: back to top you may request a change to your order or may cancel it by phone so long as it has not been processed for shipping. since orders are usually processed quickly, please notify us of an order change or cancellation by calling our customer support line at 800-617-4686 and dial "2" to request a change or cancellation. notification by email is not recommended due to the speed of processing the order. we are unable to reinstate an order once it has been cancelled. you must place a new order instead, subject to our current availability and pricing. rebates: back to top buydig.com wants to ensure that you get the best possible prices anywhere. we will make every effort to notify you about any additional savings that may be available through manufacturer rebates. please understand that manufacturer rebates are under the control of the manufacturer, not buydig.com. please visit our rebates section to view current and expired manufacturer rebates. rebate programs vary greatly between manufacturers and models. each rebate program has its own unique set of terms and conditions. please be certain to follow all of the rebate terms and conditions instructions carefully as failure to do so may lead to the forfeit of your rebate claim. you can find some helpful tips below: do not throw away the box - with most rebates, it is necessary to cut off* and send in the original upc code and/or serial number printed on the item's packaging. keep the receipts - many rebates require you to mail in the original sales receipt for proof of purchase. therefore, always keep a copy of the receipt for your own records. make copies of everything - on occasion, the rebate fulfillment centers will have no record of your rebate claim. you may be required to resubmit your application in these cases. do not delay - after your purchase, there may be as little as one week for you to submit your rebate claim. be certain to follow up - if you receive no communication regarding your claim within the specified response time, please contact the rebate center listed on the rebate form. sort your mail carefully - make certain that you do not inadvertently discard your rebate check along with any junk mail you may have received. buydig.com is not responsible for rebates denied due to a late claim, improper submission, or for any reason any rebate was not redeemed or not redeemable. *important note: products offering mail-in-rebates are non-returnable to buydig.com once the rebate claim has been submitted. please be certain to ensure that the product is working and that you intend to keep the product before filing for rebates. products missing upc codes from the box are also non-returnable. a credit or exchange will not be processed even if a return authorization was issued and your return was accepted. please contact our customer service department if you have any questions before removing the upc code from your product. shipping address change: back to top once an order has passed our verification process, the shipping address cannot be changed if it is different than the billing address. you may cancel the existing order, provided that it has not been processed for shipping, and place a new order with a different shipping destination. backorders: back to top every item sold on our website has an inventory status message alerting you if the item is immediately available or not. some items may be advertised for pre-sale on our website with an approximate ship date in the inventory status message. if an item in your order is not in stock, we will not hold the rest of your order until the item is available.* we will ship the available items and backorder the item that is not in stock, provided that the items comprising the rest of your order are not accessories to the backordered item. in most circumstances, we will ship the backorder shortly after it was ordered. in cases where this is not done, you will be notified. you may always cancel a backorder for a full credit by contacting our customer service department. buydig.com will not bill your credit card for an item that is not in stock. occasionally, an item is found to be out-of-stock after the order has been processed, due to an inventory discrepancy. we will credit your account for the value of that item if it is not expected shortly. if the backordered item becomes unavailable to us, we will notify you via email and issue a full credit if your card has already been charged. *does not apply to orders being shipped outside the u.s. or orders being shipped via usps. drop shipping: back to top all items purchased from buydig.com are shipped from our warehouse. in some circumstances, buydig.com will arrange for the item to be shipped directly from our source in order to help you avoid a longer wait time (e.g. special order items, backordered item not expected to arrive at our fulfillment center within a reasonable time). international orders: back to top we currently ship to the following international countries: canada, great britain, and australia. international customers, however, should be advised that they are responsible for paying any and all duties, taxes, or customs fees upon receiving the package from fedex. if you wish to ship outside of these areas, please contact our sales department. *some items may be unavailable for international shipping due to export or import controls or for legal reasons. electronic items may require the consumer to purchase a voltage convertor or socket convertor to ensure optimal performance. order acceptance and limitations: back to top any order confirmation (electronic or paper receipt) given to you through buydig.com does not signify our acceptance of your order, nor does it constitute confirmation of an offer to sell. buydig.com reserves the right to decline and cancel an order, or to supply less than the quantity ordered at any time. given the popularity and shortage of some items, buydig.com may, at times, have to restrict the quantity of a particular item ordered. we will notify you if we are unable to accommodate your order. buydig.com may, at its own discretion, limit or cancel quantities purchased per person, per household, or per order. some products are restricted for ordinary sale and are limited to academic use for educational purposes only. a product title marked academic (e.g. select microsoft software), is for the express end use of a student, teacher, or faculty member of an educational institution. we may request verification that can include a copy of student id and/or electronic verification of educational status. we do not sell to dealers, resellers, exporters, wholesalers, or customers who intend on reselling products offered through buydig.com. pricing: back to top price protection: due to the unpredictable nature of the technology market, we cannot offer price protection credits on merchandise previously purchased on our site. prices are subject to change at any time without notice based on a combination of factors that are generally outside of our control. they are usually dictated by market and availability conditions and/or by the manufacturers themselves and are often as likely to increase as they are to decrease. once you have completed your purchase, the price you pay remains unchanged regardless of whether the price on our site has since increased or decreased. please rest assured that we are offering you, our valued customers, the best possible price we can based on our real-time cost for the merchandise at that time. pricing error: despite our best efforts to advertise prices appropriately, some items may be advertised incorrectly due to a typographical error. we reserve the right to refuse or cancel an order for an item that was priced incorrectly, whether it has been confirmed, charged, or even shipped. if an order is refused due to a pricing error after it was shipped, we may issue a charge to reconcile the difference. the pricing posted on our website may not always be identical to those found on some price comparison websites. prices listed on most price comparison websites may take up to 24 hours to update and match our site. taxes: back to top buydig.com will automatically charge and withhold the applicable sales tax for orders delivered to an address in the state of new jersey. we do not charge sales tax on any orders shipped to other states in the usa. if your credit card billing address is in the state of new jersey and your shipping address is not, you will not be charged sales tax. a 7% sales tax is automatically calculated on both the value of the product(s) and the shipping charge as is required by new jersey state law. international shipments are generally subject to local import duties and taxes. buydig.com is not responsible for, nor can offer any specific advice regarding, any customs-related fees that you may incur. for specific information, please consult with your local government import or customs office. returns return policy: back to top standard return policy we want you to love the items you purchase from buydig.com. if you are not satisfied with your purchase for any reason, you may return items for a full refund within 45 days, subject to the conditions below. return conditions: back to top returned merchandise must be in original condition and include all factory packed accessories and paperwork (e.g. battery, charger, cords, straps, unmarked warranty card, manuals, etc.), in the original manufacturer box and packaging with upc, barcode, and serial number intact. incomplete returns will receive a reduced credit, reflecting any missing peripherals. the product serial number must match the serial number in our database. buydig.com maintains serial number tracking. we require that all approved returns of computers, tablets, and similar devices have the password removed or restored to the system default return merchandise must be double-boxed with no writing on the manufacturer's box. your return authorization number should be prominently displayed on the outside of the shipping box. how to return: back to top please contact us at 800-617-4686 for a return authorization number (ra number). return to: buydig.com - returns ra number 80 carter drive edison, nj 08817 you may contact the following carriers to determine a customer counter or authorized shipping outlet nearest your location: fedex - 800-463-3339 ups- 800-742-5877 usps - 800-275-8777 returned merchandise that is lost or damaged during transit is solely the shipper's responsibility. it is important to save the tracking information and to properly insure all merchandise being returned to buydig.com. televisions over 41 inches must be returned via one of our accepted home delivery partners. tvs returns sent with any other carrier will not be accepted at our returns warehouse. please contact us to schedule a pickup for your tv return. refunds: back to top refunds for returns are applied to the payment method used at the time of purchase. once we receive and inspect the product we will credit your account. please allow 5-7 days for a credit to appear on your account. exchange: back to top if you purchased a product from buydig.com that you wish to exchange for an alternative, you can return the item for a full refund and simply place a new order for the item you desire. a refund credit cannot be applied to a new purchase. defective items: back to top an item that was discovered to be defective upon receipt can be replaced or returned for a full refund. damaged or missing items: back to top claims for items damaged in transit or missing items must be received within two business days of receipt of the shipment. replacement: back to top we will send a product replacement after the authorized return has completed our receiving/inspection process. the replacement will ship within four business days following the receipt of your return. please allow for additional processing time after holidays. although it is our goal to ship a replacement as quickly as possible, a replacement cannot be shipped before we receive and inspect the return. to receive a replacement more quickly, you may place a new order for the same item (shipping not included) and we will issue a refund for the full value of the returned product (including shipping) upon completion of our return process. television returns back to top if you aren't 100% satisfied with your tv purchase, you may return any new or like-new television within 45 days for a refund. all returned items must be in their original box and include all the original packing material, manuals, and accessories. when you receive your order, we recommend that you keep all packing materials in case you need to return the tv. if you just don't like it - we will accept your return; we just ask that you pay for return shipping. you'll also need to pack the tv in its original box with all original packing material, and accessories. we'll arrange for a special shipping carrier to pick up the tv (over 41 inches) from your home. if your tv was damaged in shipping - it is important that you inspect the tv (not only the box it came in) prior to signing for it. if the tv is damaged (not the carton), please refuse the delivery and contact us at 1.800.617.4686. all damage related claims must be reported within two business days after delivery. a replacement will be sent immediately after we are notified about the damage. if your tv does not seem to function properly - we'll help troubleshoot the problem. if we can't resolve it, we can arrange for a local service center to assess the television. if the technician is unable to resolve the issue, we'll arrange to have the tv replaced. return exceptions: back to top although we have a very flexible return policy on most items we sell, there are some exceptions. the following items may not be returned: a/v furniture apple ipods consumables, including but not limited to, recordable media, film, tapes, batteries, paper, and ink mobile phones opened software opened packages of apparel, bedding or linens bbq grills special order items shipping options and destinations free shipping: back to top free ground shipping is available to home addresses in the contiguous united states. this excludes po box address and orders shipping in alaska, hawaii, us territories (including puerto rico), apo/fpo and outside the us. fedex: back to top all merchandise except for oversized items (e.g. flat screen led tvs over 55" and plasma tvs over 51") advertised on buydig.com are usually shipped via fedex. all packages shipped from buydig.com require a signature upon delivery. please arrange for someone to sign for the delivery if you are unable to do so. we recommend that you provide an email address so that we may keep you informed of the status of your order and send you tracking information. you will be able to track your order online or by phone for an estimated time of arrival. fedex will attempt to deliver your package three times before returning it to buydig.com. united states postal service (usps): back to top if the destination address is a po box or an apo/fpo, we will ship your order via usps since fedex is unable to deliver to those destinations. we will provide tracking information via email after your order has shipped. items delivered to a po box or an apo/fpo will be delivered in 7 - 10 business days. final delivery for apo/fpo destinations will be subject to the terms and conditions of the apo/fpo services. not all items can be shipped via usps. some items that are shipped via usps may be subject to an additional shipping charge. if necessary, buydig.com will contact you before the order is processed. oversized merchandise shipping & tv returns: back to top oversized merchandise (flat screen led tvs over 55", plasma tvs over 51", bbq grills & furniture) are shipped via a motor freight carrier that specializes in home delivery. since these items are large and fragile, special handling is required, and cannot be shipped via our standard shipping options. we take every precaution during our shipping preparation process to ensure that your order arrives to you in perfect condition. each item on your order is scanned for accuracy of model and serial number. we apply large orange fragile sticker labels to notify the carrier that your shipment is fragile and requires special handling. the labels also include important step-by-step instructions on how to inspect and sign for your shipment. in addition to the manufacturer's standard foam and corrugated packaging, we also apply a special shock absorption polyethylene material to the outer carton of every tv. this safeguard will disperse energy from impact during transit, and eliminate damage to the product itself. our professional appointment-based delivery service allows you to open and inspect your new tv prior to signing and accepting the tv. when you purchase a tv at buydig.com, you can be sure that it will arrive perfect working order, and will remain that way for a long time to come.a shipping company representative will contact you while the merchandise is in transit to schedule an appointment for delivery. you will be provided with a 4 - 5 hour delivery time window between 8:00 am and 5:00 pm, monday through friday. if you will not be available to accept delivery during those hours, you may request a special delivery time for an additional fee. delivery options: standard delivery: a single driver will deliver the merchandise to your front entrance provided that it is on the ground level. if the approach to the entrance requires stairs (second floor or higher, basement), your order will be delivered to the point closest to the entrance that doesn't require stairs. if the entrance requires a flight of stairs, please select our white glove service. white glove delivery:a team of two drivers will deliver the merchandise to any room at the destination address. your merchandise will be unpacked and placed anywhere you desire (up to 2 flights of stairs) and all the debris will be removed (does not include assembly or installation). oversized merchandise acceptance instruction:: we take every precaution during our shipping preparation process to ensure that the oversized merchandise reaches you in perfect condition. although it is unusual for oversized merchandise, shipped via a special home delivery company, to sustain damage during transit, all merchandise must be inspected prior to signing acceptance. please inspect the merchandise (not the box it came in) for damage. the delivery driver is required to wait while you visually inspect the merchandise for physical damage. in most circumstances it is not necessary to lift the merchandise out of the carton for inspection; you can simply remove the straps and/or plastic clip located on the side of the box, and then easily slide the box off the merchandise. please recognize that shipping cartons do occasionally sustain a little damage during transit. do not refuse the delivery if you notice damage to the box. please remove the box and inspect the actual merchandise for physical damage before signing acceptance for the shipment. it is very important to notate any noticed damage to the merchandise and/or carton it came in, on the bill of lading (bol) before signing for it. if the merchandise (not the shipping carton) is damaged, please refuse the delivery. we will send a replacement immediately after we receive confirmation from our carrier that the merchandise has been refused because of actual damage. additional fees for oversized merchandise delivery will be applied in the following circumstances: - redelivery: if you are not at the delivery location when the driver attempts delivery during the scheduled delivery time window or you request that the driver come back at a later time, there will be a $50 charge. - refused delivery: if you refuse delivery on merchandise that is not defective or damaged, you will be refunded for the returned merchandise less our cost of shipping (including the return) in addition to our 10% return processing fee. - special delivery: special delivery time window, please inquire with the delivery scheduling agent when they contact you to arrange a delivery appointment. if a special delivery is performed upon your request, you will be billed through buydig.com based on the following rates: delivery before or after hours (before 8:00 am, after 5:00 pm) - $50 smaller time window - $50 saturday delivery - $50 sunday or holiday - $100 non-deliverable addresses back to top mail box drop off locations hotels, motels, etc. trade shows, conventions, conferences privacy site security: back to top ordering online at buydig.com is safe and easy - guaranteed! our secure servers will protect your information using the most advanced encryption and firewall technology throughout the ordering process. our website protects the security of personal information transmitted to us by using secure sockets layer (ssl) software, which encrypts the information you input during the transmission to us using a unique session key. these layers of privacy protection ensure that information cannot be viewed even if intercepted by unauthorized parties. please note that email is not encrypted and is not a safe and secure way to transmit credit card numbers or other confidential information. if, for any reason, you prefer to order by phone, please call 800-617-4686 and we will be happy to assist you. fair credit billing act: back to top if you're ever the victim of credit card fraud, the fair credit act specifies that your credit card company cannot hold you liable for more than $50 in fraudulent charges to your account. with buydig.com, you'll be reimbursed for any amount up to $50 billed to you by your credit card company for unauthorized charges to your account if those charges result from an order you've placed on our secure server. for this protection, you must promptly notify your credit card company of any fraudulent charges and follow the procedures for doing so as outlined in your credit card agreement. information we collect: back to top at buydig.com, we know that your online privacy is as important to you as the products, prices, and customer service we provide. we posted this privacy notice in an effort to answer your privacy-related questions and to demonstrate our adherence to the privacy practices commonly found at the most reputable and consumer credited online companies. while shopping on the buydig.com site, we ask you to provide information using online forms. we use this information to process your order, contact you regarding your order, or to answer any questions/concerns you might have expressed. we will not sell or share any of your personal information with any outside parties except as outlined in this policy. when you purchase something from us, we send your credit card information, name, billing address, and the order dollar amount to your credit card company for authorization and approval. your name, telephone number, and shipping information must be provided to third party suppliers, such as fedex, to deliver your package. some of the products that we sell require us to provide your name, address, phone number, and product serial number to the manufacturer or third party service provider that requires this information to activate the service. these third party service providers have their own privacy policies which are not controlled by buydig.com we reserve the right to release personally identifiable information if required by law or to comply with a judicial proceeding, court order, or legal process and when we believe it is necessary for fraud protection or credit risk reduction. use of cookies: back to top we customize and personalize certain web page content based upon your browser type and other information provided by a "cookie." a cookie remembers information about a visitor from one page to the next and from one visit to the next. a cookie does not contain any of your personal information and is only a "trigger" that retrieves information when you visit our site. as an example, cookies enable us to provide better service to you by maintaining your shopping cart between visits so that you are not required to enter each of the items again. on most internet browsers, the cookie function can be turned off and software is available from third parties which will allow you to visit our web site without providing this information. you are welcomed at our website if you use this software but you will be unable to use our shopping cart to purchase items online. aggregate information: back to top when a visitor comes to our website, we collect information about the visitor's computer such as its ip address, operating system, browser software, click-stream information such as the address (url) of the website that directed you to our site, as well as which pages and the order in which they were visited on our site for the purpose of assessing our site traffic and the effectiveness of our content. this data allows us to improve the quality of your visit by streamlining your ability to navigate the site and to develop featured programs and content that will be of interest to all of our visitors. external links: back to top our web site may contain helpful links to other web sites, such as the manufacturer or product review web sites. we are not responsible for the privacy practices or content found on these web sites. special promotion emails: back to top you may choose to receive special promotion emails during the checkout process on our web site or by providing your email address in the "receive buydig.com emails" box found on the right side of our home page. you may unsubscribe from buydig.com's email updates and specials at any time. log into your account and select the email specials management link where you can customize what emails you wish to receive or unsubscribe completely. please understand that by unsubscribing, you'll miss our exclusive offers and notices on special savings. children's online policy: back to top buydig.com sells merchandise intended for purchase by adults. in accordance with the children's online privacy protection act, buydig.com will not knowingly collect personal information on the internet from children under the age of thirteen. when placing an order on the buydig.com web site, you are affirming that you are an adult. users under the age of thirteen must ask a parent or guardian for assistance while placing an order online. buydig.com will always remain committed to protecting your privacy online. we may change our privacy policy at any time. when such a change is made, we will post the revised privacy policy on our web site. copyright and trademarks: back to top this site is owned and operated by buydig.com. unless otherwise specified, all materials appearing on this site, including, but not limited to, text, site design, logos, graphics, icons, images, audio, video clips, software, and accessories used on this site as well as the selection, assembly, and arrangement thereof, are the sole property of buydig.com. you may use the content of this site only for the purpose of shopping on this site or placing an order and for no other purpose. no materials from this site may be copied, reproduced, modified, republished, uploaded, posted, transmitted, or distributed in any form or by any means without prior written permission from buydig.com. all rights not expressly granted herein are reserved. any unauthorized use of the materials appearing on this site may violate copyright, trademark, and other applicable laws and could result in criminal or civil penalties. the trademarks, logos, custom graphics, and service marks displayed on this site are registered trademarks of buydig.com. all other trademarks or service marks are property of their respective owners. the use of any buydig.com trademark or service mark without our express written consent is strictly prohibited. disclaimers website disclaimer: back to top this web site and the information provided herein are provided on an "as is" basis. neither buydig.com nor its parent company, affiliates, nor each of their representative officers, directors, employees, and agents warrant that the use of the buydig.com site will not be interrupted or error-free, nor do we warranty the accuracy, validity, completeness, or reliability of the content provided on the site. warranty disclaimer: back to top we make no representation or warranty of any kind, whether expressed or implied, including, but not limited to, implied warranties of merchantability, non-infringement, or fitness for a particular purpose. all items purchased from our store are accompanied by a manufacturer warranty unless indicated otherwise. you acknowledge that any warranty in connection with all products or services offered on our site is solely provided by the manufacturer or supplier of that product or service. for warranty information and/or assistance, please check the documentation supplied with the product or contact the manufacturer. shipping disclaimer: back to top we will make every effort and use every good measure to deliver your order on time. buydig.com will not be responsible for any delay of the shipment during transit, for reasons including, but not limited to, negligence by the shipping carrier, employee strikes, and weather. product reviews: back to top help your fellow customers by telling us what you found to be the strengths and weaknesses of this product. focus your review on the product itself. please do not comment on other people's reviews, other manufacturers, etc. html is not allowed in reviews please be civil and refrain from profanity and inflammatory language we reserve the right not to post your review at our discretion submissions that do not follow our review guidelines will not be posted. limitation of liability: back to top under no circumstances shall buydig.com or its associates be liable for any direct, indirect, incidental, or consequential damages that result from your use of or inability to use the buydig.com site or from products or services offered on the site including, but not limited to, your reliance on any information obtained from the site or the use of products or services offered on the site that results in mistakes, interruptions, deletion or corruption of files, viruses, delays in operation or transmission, or any failure of performance, damage to equipment, and/or personal injury or death. some states do not allow the exclusion or limitation of incidental or consequential damages, so the above limitation or exclusion may not apply to you. product description/images: back to top product descriptions and images displayed on our site are for quick reference only. buydig.com is not responsible for changes or variations in product specifications and/or physical appearance. although we do our best to ensure that all product information is up-to-date and accurate, there are circumstances which can cause the information on our web site to be listed incorrectly or become outdated without our immediate knowledge. this includes, but is not limited to, preliminary specification supplied by the manufacturer in error, new versions or revisions, color deviations, retail package alterations, and other variations that may be considered inconsequential by the manufacturer. buydig.com relies on the manufacturer to communicate these differences. presently, we have no way of alerting customers prior to purchase in the event the manufacturer fails to do so. consequently, buydig.com is not responsible for misleading information displayed on our site. if you discovered an error, please contact us and we will correct it. promotions/coupon disclaimer back to top buydig.com promotional codes provide our shoppers with a specified discount on select items. the discount amount can be calculated in various ways as determined by the type of promotion. usually there is a dollar value or percent value discount on the buydig.com selling price. promotion codes are entered prior to checkout and are either applied to the item while in the shopping bag or at the conclusion of the checkout process. each promotional claim code may only be used once and it is limited to one offer per household. each offer is valid for a limited time only and expires on the date specified in the offer. promotional code discounts do not apply to taxes, shipping charges, or any other processing fee and are not combinable with other offers or on top of previous discounts or sales. offers cannot be applied to orders already placed with buydig.com and cannot be redeemed for cash. if merchandise is returned, any allotted discounts will be first deducted from the value of the returned item prior to any refund or credit. buydig.com may choose to modify any promotion or discount without prior notice. my account customer service contact us f.a.q. policies mobile website shop by brand new releases rebates review us testimonials about us our blog by search email address ssl categories | products | brands | top searches © 1996-2015 buydig.com.  all rights reserved. buydig.com is a registered trademark.