来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20101227154930/http://www.tombihn.com/page/001/CTGY/_SHIPFAQ
================================================================================

u.s. and international shipping rates and policies f.a.q. at: tom bihn quick navigation ------ laptop bag fit guide new 15.4" macbook pro bags macbook air bags 13" macbook bags 15.4" macbook pro bags 17" macbook pro bags all tom bihn bags laptop bags briefcases messenger bags backpacks tote and shoulder bags travel bags accessories shoulder straps knitting bags/accessories gift certificates ------ egg drop brain cell protection test blog forum giving back customer pictures about us riley's page ------ guarantee mailing list faq stores/contact email us | basket  | checkout | log in | wish list shipping rates | track package tom bihn f.a.q. (frequently asked questions) about tom bihn who is tom bihn? are all tom bihn bags made in seattle? what are your environmental policies? riley is a handsome pup. what kind of dog is he? how do you pronounce 'bihn'? "siquid mantica non capit, domi relinquendum est."? why do you use a plane in your logo? how's the weather up there? buying our bags how can i buy tom bihn bags? are your bags available in stores? why are tom bihn bags so expensive? why are tom bihn bags so cheap? can i get a discount or a coupon? do you accept purchase orders? do you offer gift certificates? why don't you have a printed catalog? about tom bihn bags and designs about tom bihn bags and designs do you offer custom—made bags? how often does tom design new bags? does tom make design updates to existing bags? how often do you add new colors? how can i make suggestions? why don't you sell bags with wheels? are tom bihn bags waterproof? where can i find reviews of tom bihn bags? cleaning, repairs, returns how do i clean my bag? something on my bag is broken. what do i do? i ran over my bag with my car! can you repair it for me? can i exchange a used bag for a new one? shipping prices and practices where do you ship from? do you ship worldwide? when do you ship? what shipping methods are available? what are your shipping rates? my order has shipped. how can i track it? about tom bihn who is tom bihn? tom bihn has been designing and making bags for over 37 years. bill virgin of the the seattle post—intelligencer wrote an article on the man and the company. andru edwards and the bleeding edge video crew filmed an interview with tom and a tour of our seattle factory and headquarters. to find out about the rest of the crew at tom bihn, visit our about us page. are all tom bihn bags made in seattle? tom bihn bags are manufactured in our own seattle, washington factory. if you visit our seattle retail store, you'll be able to see our amazing factory crew in action. one or two of the accessories that we offer are manufactured under contract in montana. tom bihn only sells products that are made by people fairly compensated for their labor. we are dedicated to creating quality products and quality jobs. what are your environmental policies? we think of our surroundings and the environment as a silent partner; when making decisions, environmental consideration is a top priority. we are currently exploring ways that we can offset the carbon footprint of our products. we only use 100% recycled paper in our offices. our shipping boxes made with recycled content. most of the fabrics that we use are made in the u.s.a. (we use a few fabrics made in japan) where the environmental protection agency has control over how they are produced. the views of mt. rainier and the olympic mountains from our seattle factory and headquarters enforces our commitment to our environment. riley is a handsome pup. what kind of dog is he? riley was adopted from the humane society, so we don't know exactly what kind of dog he is. our best guess is that he's an irish wolfhound with labrador. regardless, you're right — he is a handsome pup. and a nice person, too. in early 2007, riley gained a sibling in lily, a german shepherd/greyhound mix (technically called a lurcher). visit riley's page for more information on our dogs and cats, and friends of theirs. how do you pronounce 'bihn'? bihn rhymes with din. or fin. "siquid mantica non capit, domi relinquendum est."? translation: if it doesn't fit in your knapsack, leave it behind. why do you use a plane in your logo? tom's father was an airline pilot and tom was feeling a little sentimental when he was designing our logo. the artwork is based on a 1930s era luggage label; it features a farman f—121 jabiru airplane. how's the weather up there? usually cold and rainy. next question please . . . buying our bags how can i buy tom bihn bags? you can order online through this web site or visit our seattle retail store. are your bags available in stores? you can see the entire tom bihn line at our seattle factory showroom. for the address and hours of our seattle factory showroom, check out our contact and locations page. outside of the pacific northwest, the place to purchase tom bihn products is right here at www.tombihn.com. why are tom bihn bags so expensive? tom bihn bags are carefully constructed of fine quality materials and components in our own seattle factory. they'd be less expensive if we had them produced in china or vietnam, but then we'd lose control over the quality of the finished product and the quality of the jobs we create. our turn—around time (the time between designing a new product and being able to ship it to customers) is quite fast, especially for a small company. we could use cheaper materials, but we've been making bags for a long time and plan to make them for a lot longer still: we don't want folks complaining about this or that part breaking or wearing out prematurely. there are plenty of less expensive products on the market and it's up to you, the consumer, to decide if the quality of our products justify their expense. why are tom bihn bags so cheap? so now that you know what goes into our products, you might wonder why they aren't even more expensive. first of all, we sell almost exclusively to the end consumer, so there is no wholesale-to-retail mar-up: you buy directly from the factory. second, we are a lean little company: we are not top-heavy with vice-presidents, nor are we traded publicly. we are a museum-quality example of human-scale capitalism: we make stuff and sell it to people. can i get a discount or a coupon? as we said above in the answer to "why are tom bihn bags so expensive?", a lot goes into our bags: u.s. made ballistic nylon and 500 and 1000 denier cordura, ykk splash-proof zippers, japanese-made dyneema ripstop fabric, etc. all of those components are turned into the bags you love in our seattle factory, sewn together by our amazing factory crew. yes, our bags are expensive, and no, we don't discount them. your tom bihn bag will last you many years, it will protect your laptop and other stuff from the elements, and be your constant, loyal companion. in short: we think tom bihn bags are worth it. do you accept purchase orders? yes. we accept purchase orders (p.o.s) from governmental, educational and medical institutions located in the united states, canada, new zealand, australia, ireland and the united kingdom. we accept payment only in us funds. you or your purchasing department must also fax a "hard copy" of the original purchase order to us at: 206—621—8264 (u.s. and canada) or +1 206—621—8264 (other countries). do you offer gift certificates? we do. tom bihn gift certificates are available in a variety of amounts. if you would like to order a gift certificate in a custom amount, please contact us. about our bags and designs do you offer custom—made bags? no. while we welcome your design suggestions, time does not permit us to build custom products or modify current products. a great way to make design suggestions or request new color combinations is to post on the tom bihn forums. how often does tom design new bags? all of the time. tom is never without his sketchbook, and he regularly works on up to 10 designs at a time. tom always sews the first prototype of a new product himself. does tom make design updates to existing bags? throughout the year we ay add a new pocket to an existing bag, or add a new color. we are often able to give our customers a sneak preview of upcoming changes on our forums, so that's the best place to check on what we're up to. how can i make suggestions? you are welcome to post your suggestions forums. you can also email us. why don't you sell bags with wheels? wheels and the associated hardware and stiffeners add significant weight to a bag, and are only useful on smooth surfaces. our product line is geared towards active folks who carry their own loads. not to offend those who use roll aboards — it's just not part of our line. are tom bihn bags waterproof? all of the fabrics we use are "waterproof": coated with urethane inside and treated with a water—repellent outside. we also use ykk splash-proof zippers on the exterior of bags or cover the zipper with a fabric flap to keep water out. however, seams can leak if exposed to significant weather. you can renew the water repellent qualities of your bag with nikwax. be wary of other manufacturers claiming that their products are "waterproof" just because the fabrics are coated. if the seams are not rf—welded or heat sealed, they are probably not waterproof. where can i find reviews of tom bihn bags? we're working on a page that lists all reviews and evaluations of our products. for now, we would recommend using a search engine to search the name of the bag you are interested in -- you'll most likely find multiple reviews. we post links to new reviews of our bags on our blog. each page for a bag on our web site has links in the upper left-hand corner that will take you to reviews of that bag. many customers also post reviews of their bags in our forums. cleaning, repairs, returns how do i clean my bag? we recommend hand—washing your tom bihn bag with a mild soap —— environmentally—friendly dish soaps work well, but as always, with any soap, test it on a small, inconspicuous area of the bag before you use it on the entire bag. fill your sink or bath tub with warm water, add a little soap (a little goes a long way!), and let the bag soak for a half hour. if there are visible spots of dirt, gently rub the area with a wash cloth, or you can apply a little soap directly to that spot and let it soak. rinse your bag thoroughly (this is a lot easier if you've only used a little bit of soap!) and lay your bag flat to dry on top of a bath towel. methods we don't recommend: having your bag dry—cleaned or putting your bag in a washing machine or dryer will void the guarantee, and make your bag look funny. we don't want either of those things to happen. your tom bihn bag will last for years. the fabrics we use to make our bags are treated with a water—resistant coating, but over time, that coating will start to dissipate. if you live in a rainy climate like we do, we'd recommend treating your bag with nikwax after one year of use. something on my bag is broken. what do i do? email or call (1—800—729—9607 or +1—206—652—4123) us right away. our bags are designed and built to be tough. they're passed through an inspection process at each point during manufacturing. but if you think you've found a problem with your bag, we want to know so we can fix it. i ran over my bag with my car! can you repair it for me? we can usually repair your bag (tom bihn bags only, please) quickly for a very reasonable price. email or call us (1-800-729-9607) and we'll give you a quote. can i exchange a used bag for a new one? sadly it is seldom cost—effective for us to add a new feature to an existing bag. and changing the color of a bag, well, that would be magic, wouldn't it? think of the purchase of a tom bihn bag as you would the purchase of a car: next year's model may have more features or come in a better color. but at some point you just need to take the plunge and get out there and enjoy your new bag! shipping practices and prices where do you ship from? we ship from seattle, washington, just down the hall from our production factory where the bags are made. do you ship worldwide? we ship worldwide via ups expedited. we offer flat-rate shipping to customers in canada ($25), the eu, japan, and singapore ($35), and australia ($45). note that all brokerage fees are included in the price of ups expedited shipping. outside of the united states, tariffs, duties, and taxes are the responsibility of the customer and are usually paid for at time of delivery. according to the reports we receive from customers, inconsistency is the rule. in the u.k. and germany, for example, taxes and tariffs are assessed on some shipments and not on others. please contact your local postal service or customs office for more information. note: we cannot understate or otherwise misrepresent the value of merchandise on customs forms. when do you ship? we ship orders monday through friday, excluding some holidays. visit our schedule page for up-to-date information on holiday closures. place your order before 12:00 p.m. (pacific time), and we will ship it the same day, as long as what you ordered is in-stock. if you need an order right away, please call us at 1-800-729-9607 or email us and we'll see what we can do. what shipping methods are available? we ship u.s. and international orders via ups (united parcel service). we ship to apo/ae via usps (united states postal service) priority mail. customers in alaska and hawaii may choose between ups and usps. what are your shipping rates and transit times? ups ground ($7): shipments take between 1-5 business days to arrive depending on what u.s. state you are in. this ups transit map will show you exactly how long it will take to receive your ups ground package. note that ups does not deliver on weekends. ups 3 day select ($12-22): guaranteed three business day delivery. for example, if we ship your 3 day select order on tuesday, you will receive it on friday. ups 2nd day air ($15-32): guaranteed two business day delivery. for example, if we ship your 2nd day air order on tuesday, you will receive it on thursday. ups 2nd day air to alaska and hawaii is $30 - $45. ups next day air ($30-45): guaranteed one business day delivery. if we ship your next day air order on tuesday, you will receive it wednesday. ups next day air to alaska and hawaii is $40 - $65. ups international expedited ($25-$55+): guaranteed 2-5 business day delivery. flate rate international shipping: canada ($25), eu/japan/singapore ($35), australia ($45). u.s.p.s. priority mail ($7-$23): orders shipped priority mail typically take between 3-5 days to arrive. my order has shipped. how can i track it? you'll receive an email from ups with your tracking number the day that your order is shipped. you can use that number to track your package on the ups web site. if your order was shipped via usps priority mail, you'll receive a notice that your order was shipped but not a tracking number. site map guarantee faq seattle store privacy statement giving back forum mailing list laptop bag fit guide riley's page inquiries@tombihn.com — 1-800-729-9607 —