来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20141230060412/http://www.tombihn.com/FAQS.html
================================================================================

tom bihn: faqs worldwide shipping rates 1-800-729-9607 emailus@tombihn.com my account cart (0) checkout new travel bags laptop bags backpacks briefcases/messenger totes organize accessorize all bags main about blog forums videos faq contact us f.a.q. (frequently asked questions) you're also welcome to email or call us (1-800-729-9607) with your question. about tom bihn > who is tom bihn? > are all tom bihn bags made in seattle? > what are your environmental policies? > riley is a handsome pup. what kind of dog is he? > how do you pronounce 'bihn'? > what does your care label say? > "siquid mantica non capit, domi relinquendum est."? > why do you use a plane in your logo? > how's the weather up there? about our bags > do you offer custom-made bags? > can i get a bag in a custom color combination? > how often does tom design new bags? > does tom make design updates to existing bags? > how often do you add new colors? > will you be adding more "girly" colors? > how can i make suggestions? > why don't you sell bags with wheels? > are tom bihn bags waterproof? > where can i find reviews of tom bihn bags? buying our bags > how can i buy tom bihn bags? > is your online checkout secure? > how can i be notified of new designs? > are your bags available in stores? > why are tom bihn bags so expensive? > why are tom bihn bags so cheap? > do you offer a lifetime guarantee? > can i get a discount or a coupon? > do you accept purchase orders? > my laptop isn't on your laptop bag fit guide. help! > i'm unhappy about something! what do i do? > i'm really happy about something! what do i do? cleaning, repairs, returns how do i clean my bag? > something on my bag is broken. what do i do? > i ran over my bag with my car! can you repair it for me? > can you add a new feature or color to my bag? > can i return my used bag for an exchange or refund? > how do i try out a bag without making it "used"? > how do i return a bag? > how do i return a bag if i live outside of the u.s.? > how do i exchange a bag? shipping practices and prices > from where do you ship? > do you ship worldwide? > what about taxes? > when do you ship? > what shipping methods are available? > what are your shipping rates and transit times? > my order has shipped. how can i track it? > why are your shipping rates so inexpensive? > why are your shipping rates so expensive? about tom bihn who is tom bihn? when tom was about ten years old, his parents gave him a choice: he could mow lawns and deliver newspapers to earn money to buy the backpacks and down jackets he wanted, or he could learn how to sew on the family sewing machine and make his own gear. tom chose the latter, and today, he works with his seattle factory crew to make his designs available to you. while tom started out making day hiking and backpacking packs, he now designs a wide variety of travel bags, laptop bags, messenger bags, briefcases, camera bags, organizational accessories, and even knitting bags and dog bags — and yes, backpacks. tom personally sources and selects the materials we use, and he's a bit of a perfectionist: we don't settle for off-the-shelf fabrics. instead, for example, we buy our own dye lots of custom 1050 denier, u.s. made, high tenacity ballistic nylon, and ultralight dyneema®/nylon ripstop from japan. in that way, we're a small company that behaves like we're a big company. tom's perfectionism also means he won't settle for less than having his own factory, here in seattle, with some of the world's best seamsters, cutters, and assemblers. tom works with the crew who make his designs; the back-and-forth between designer and sewing crew means a more finely tuned and nuanced product. tom's designs are inspired by his life: "i hike, i travel, i have a dog, i use apple laptops, ipads, and iphones, and through our forums, facebook, and twitter, i hear from you folks, who tell me how you work, live, travel, and play. i love what i do, and i hope you do, too." – tom to meet the rest of the crew at tom bihn, visit our about us page. are all tom bihn bags made in seattle? yes, all tom bihn bags are made in seattle, most of them right in our own factory. if you visit our seattle factory showroom, you might be able to see our talented factory crew in action. we are dedicated to creating quality products and quality jobs. what are your environmental policies? we think of our surroundings and the environment as a silent partner; when making decisions, environmental consideration is a top priority. we are currently exploring ways we can offset the carbon footprint of our products. we were one of the first companies in the entire united states to sign up for two ups sustainability programs: ups carbon neutral shipping and certified green packaging. we only use 100% recycled paper in our offices. our shipping boxes are made with recycled content. most of the fabrics we use are made in the u.s.a. (we use a few fabrics made in japan) where the environmental protection agency has control over how they are produced. the views of mt. rainier and the olympic mountains from our seattle factory and headquarters enforce our commitment to our environment. riley is a handsome pup. what kind of dog is he? riley was adopted from the humane society, so we don't know exactly what kind of dog he is. our best guess is that he's an irish wolfhound with labrador. regardless, you're right — he is a handsome pup. and a nice person, too. how do you pronounce 'bihn'? bihn rhymes with din. and fin. what does your care label say? it says "made in usa", "made in usa" in chinese, and "siquid mantica non capit, domi relinquendum est." (translation below) "siquid mantica non capit, domi relinquendum est."? translation: if it doesn't fit in your knapsack, leave it behind. why do you use a plane in your logo? tom's father was an airline pilot and tom was feeling a little sentimental when he was designing our logo. the artwork is based on a 1930s-era luggage label; it features a farman f-121 jabiru airplane. how's the weather up there? usually cold and rainy. next question please . . . buying our bags how can i buy tom bihn bags? you can order online through this web site or visit our seattle retail store. is your online checkout secure? yes, it is. we take the responsibility of keeping your data safe, whether it's your credit card information or your phone number, very seriously. scroll down to the bottom of this page and click on our geotrust security certificate verification to see our certification. and, as with any checkout on any web site, always look for the little lock or secure symbol in the corner of your browser window on any page asking for personal information. how can i be notified of new designs? we recommend signing up to our mailing list, reading our blog, visiting our forums, or a combination of the above to make sure you're updated on tom's latest designs, products that are in or out of stock, and other newsworthy items. are your bags available in stores? you can see the entire tom bihn line at our seattle factory showroom. for the address and hours of our seattle factory showroom, check out our contact and locations page. outside of the pacific northwest, the place to purchase tom bihn products is right here at www.tombihn.com. why are tom bihn bags so expensive? tom bihn bags are carefully constructed of fine quality materials and components in our own seattle factory. they'd be less expensive if we had them produced in china or vietnam, but then we'd lose control over the quality of the finished product and the quality of the jobs we create. our turn-around time (the time between designing a new product and being able to ship it to customers) is quite fast, especially for a small company. we could use cheaper materials, but we've been making bags for a long time and plan to make them for a lot longer still: we don't want folks complaining about this or that part breaking or wearing out prematurely. there are plenty of less expensive products on the market and it's up to you, the consumer, to decide if the quality of our products justifies their expense. why are tom bihn bags so cheap? so now that you know what goes into our products, you might wonder why they aren't even more expensive. first of all, we sell almost exclusively to the end consumer, so there is no wholesale-to-retail markup: you buy directly from the factory. second, we are a lean little company: we are not top-heavy with vice presidents, nor are we traded publicly. we are a museum-quality example of human-scale capitalism: we make stuff and sell it to people. do you offer a lifetime guarantee ? you bet. everything you buy from tom bihn is satisfaction guaranteed. defects in materials or workmanship are uncommon and almost always evident while the product is still new. if something goes wrong and it's our fault, we'll fix it for free. repairs due to normal wear and tear or due to other things that are not our fault will be performed, when possible, at a reasonable charge. keep in mind that daypacks, messenger bags, and briefcases are often subject to extreme wear in everyday use: do not expect them to last forever. only true love lasts forever! you can expect a tom bihn product to give years of hard service. note: tom bihn is not responsible for long lines at the supermarket, people who talk too loud on cell phones, or the fact that microbrewed beer is largely overrated. our warranty does not cover consequential damages. while tom bihn cases and bags give excellent protection to computers and other technology, we are not responsible for any damages or losses associated with the use of our products. this warranty is limited to the replacement costs only of tom bihn products. can i get a discount or a coupon? as we said above in the answer to "why are tom bihn bags so expensive?" a lot goes into our bags: u.s. made ballistic nylon and 500 and 1000 denier cordura®, ykk aquaguard® water-repellent zippers, japanese-made dyneema® ripstop fabric, etc. all of those components are turned into the bags you love in our seattle factory, sewn together by our amazing factory crew. yes, our bags are expensive, and no, we don't discount them. your tom bihn bag will last you many years, it will protect your laptop and other stuff from the elements, and it will be your constant, loyal companion. in short: we think tom bihn bags are worth it. do you accept purchase orders? yes. we accept purchase orders (pos) from governmental, educational, and medical institutions located in the united states, canada, new zealand, australia, ireland, and the united kingdom. we accept payment only in u.s. funds. you or your purchasing department must also fax a hard copy of the original purchase order to us at 206-621-8264 (u.s. and canada) or +1-206-621-8264 (other countries). my laptop isn't on your laptop bag fit guide. help! don't worry! help is only a quick email or phone call (1-800-729-9607 or +1-206-652-4123) away. send us the brand and model number of your laptop (and if you already have the dimensions of your laptop, send those, too!) and we'll let you know which of our bags would best fit your laptop. we'll also add your laptop to our laptop bag fit guide, so thanks for letting us know! i'm unhappy about something! what do i do? email us. call us (1-800-729-9607 or +1-206-652-4123). tell us what's wrong. we don't want you to have an unhappy experience. if you talk to us, we can probably make it better *and* make sure it doesn't happen again, or explain a misunderstanding. i'm really happy about something! what do i do? email us. call us (1-800-729-9607 or +1-206-652-4123). tell us why you're so happy. that will make us really happy, too! if you talk to us and let us know what we did that was right, we'll make sure we keep doing it. about our bags and designs do you offer custom-made bags? no. our seattle factory is dedicated to producing tom's designs. can i get a bag in a custom color combination? no. while our bags our made in our own little factory, it's still a factory: it just doesn't work for us to make one of anything. how often does tom design new bags? all of the time. tom is never without his sketchbook, and he regularly works on up to 10 designs at a time. tom always sews the first prototype of a new product himself. does tom make design updates to existing bags? throughout the year we may add a new pocket to an existing bag or add a new color. we are often able to give our customers a sneak preview of upcoming changes on our forums, so that's the best place to check on what we're up to. how often do you add new colors? it depends on the bag and the fabric used to make that bag. we're always looking for great new colors to add to our line, but if we add a new color, we're probably replacing a current color with it. feel free to post your color suggestions in our forums. will you be adding more "girly" colors? the definition of "girly colors" is highly subjective and debatable. not all women like pastel pink, and most women (at least the ones we know) don't like to be so easily categorized. (and let us not forget that pink-for-girls and blue-for-boys is a 20th century convention, not some ironclad law.) since this question was first asked, we've added 1000d cordura colors azalea (a bright magenta) and punch (an even brighter magenta that has since been retired). and plum, a rich purple more red than blue, has always been a tom bihn color. how can i make suggestions? we have so many ideas of our own that we hardly have time to make them all real! so, we don't accept product or design ideas or suggestions. if you think there's a way we can improve the customer service experience, please do email us. why don't you sell bags with wheels? wheels and the associated hardware and stiffeners add significant weight to a bag and are only useful on smooth surfaces. our product line is geared towards active folks who carry their own loads. not to offend those who use roll-aboards — it's just not part of our line. are tom bihn bags waterproof? all of the fabrics we use are "waterproof": coated with urethane inside and treated to have a water-repellent outside. we also use ykk aquaguard® water-repellent zippers on the exterior of bags or cover the zipper with a fabric flap to keep water out. however, seams can leak if exposed to significant weather. you can renew the water-repellent qualities of your bag with nikwax. be wary of other manufacturers claiming their products are "waterproof" just because the fabrics are coated. if the seams are not rf welded or heat sealed, they are probably not waterproof. where can i find reviews of tom bihn bags? check out the "reviews" link at the tops of product pages. and, we're working on a page that lists all reviews and evaluations of our products. we also recommend using a search engine to search the name of the bag you are interested in — you'll most likely find multiple reviews. we post links to new reviews of our bags on our blog. many customers also post reviews of their bags in our forums. cleaning, repairs, returns how do i clean my bag? we recommend hand-washing your tom bihn bag with a mild detergent — environmentally friendly dish soaps work well, but as always, with any soap, test it on a small, inconspicuous area of the bag before you use it on the entire bag. (palmolive® and dawn® soaps may be too harsh!) fill your sink or bathtub with warm water, add a little soap (a little goes a long way), and let the bag soak for a half hour. if there are visible spots of dirt, gently rub the area with a washcloth, or you can apply a little soap directly to that spot and let it soak. rinse your bag thoroughly (this is a lot easier if you've only used a little bit of soap) and lay your bag flat on top of a bath towel to dry. methods we don't recommend: having your bag dry-cleaned or putting your bag in a washing machine or dryer will void the guarantee and make your bag look funny. we don't want either of those things to happen. your tom bihn bag can last for years. the fabrics we use to make our bags are treated with a water-resistant coating, but over time, that coating will start to dissipate. if you live in a rainy climate like we do, we'd recommend treating your bag with nikwax after one year of use. something on my bag is broken. what do i do? email or call (1-800-729-9607 or +1-206-652-4123) us right away. our bags are designed and built to be tough. they're passed through an inspection process at each point during manufacturing. but if you think you've found a problem with your bag, we want to know so we can fix it. i ran over my bag with my car! can you repair it for me? we can usually repair your bag (tom bihn bags only, please) for a reasonable price. email or call us (1-800-729-9607) and we'll give you a quote. note: products which are returned for repair must be clean and free of dirt, sand, and strong odors. can you add a new feature or color to my bag? sadly, it is seldom cost-effective for us to add a new feature to an existing bag. and changing the color of a bag, well, that would be magic, wouldn't it? think of the purchase of a tom bihn bag as you would the purchase of a car: next year's model may have more features or come in a new color. but at some point you just need to take the plunge and get out there and enjoy your new bag! can i return my used bag for an exchange or refund? sorry: we do not accept returns of used bags. some other companies can afford to accept used products because the products cost so little to produce in the first place. our bags are made of the highest-quality materials in our own seattle factory, so they cost more to produce than bags made overseas (even if the prices of those bags made overseas are the same or higher than our prices!). additionally, we don't sell used bags. the only place to buy a tom bihn bag is through the tom bihn web site or in our seattle store, and that's your guarantee that the bag you buy from us is brand-new, unused, and free of any defects. how do i try out a bag without making it "used"? when you receive your tom bihn bag, you're welcome (and encouraged) to take it out of the box, inspect every inch of it, load it with what you carry in your current bag, and try it on for size, comfort, and looks. don't spill coffee on it, let your cat sleep on it, or let your puppy chew on it. it's similar to how you would test out a pair of shoes: try them on indoors to see how they feel, but don't wear them outside. trying out your bag in the way described above should give you a good sense of whether the bag is right for you. if you decide it's not right for you, you're welcome to send it back for a return or exchange. if you would like help deciding whether it's right for you, give us a call or send us an email. and if it's love at first use, congratulations! how do i return a bag? you have 60 days after you've received your bag to return it to us for a refund/exchange, provided it is still in its original, unused condition: we do not accept returns of used bags. no return authorization is required. use this handy return label form to generate a prepaid ups return label. you'll be charged a flat rate of $10 for generating this label, unless we goofed in some way, in which case it's on us (make sure to tell us if/how we goofed.) shipping charges are refundable only if a product has been misrepresented, misshipped, or is defective in materials or workmanship. you may ship the bag back to us at the address below. please ship the bag back to us in the original packaging if possible. if the original packaging is not available, package the bag in a generously sized, crushproof box: do not fold, roll, or otherwise stuff the a bag into a smaller container, as this can permanently damage the bag. as always, if you have any questions, please call us at 1-800-729-9607 (u.s. & canada) or +1-206-652-4123 or emailus@tombihn.com how do i return a bag if i live outside of the u.s.? you may ship the bag back to us at the address below. no return authorization is required. please download, print, and include this handy return form. tom bihn attn: returns 4750 a ohio ave s seattle, wa 98134 u.s.a. phone # 206 652 4123 please ship the bag back to us in the original packaging if possible. if the original packaging is not available, package the bag in a generously sized, crushproof box: do not fold, roll, or otherwise stuff the a bag into a smaller container, as this can permanently damage the bag. we strongly recommend that you insure and track your return shipment. please include a copy of your receipt or print out and use this return form and let us know why you are returning the bag. if you have any questions, please call us at 1-800-729-9607 (u.s. & canada) or +1-206-652-4123 or email us. how do i exchange a bag? if you've received your order and you've decided that a different tom bihn bag would better suit your needs, we're happy to make an exchange. we recommend placing a new order online for the bag you'd like instead, and sending the original bag back to us for a refund. this is the fastest and most efficient way to exchange bags. if a bag was sent to you as a gift and you would like to exchange it, please call us at 1-800-729-9607 (u.s. & canada) or +1-206-652-4123. we would be happy to help you make the arrangements. you have 60 days after you've received your bag to return it to us for a refund/exchange, provided it is still in its original, unused condition: we do not accept returns or exchanges of used merchandise. you may ship the bag back to us at the address below. no return authorization is required. in the unlikely event that we goofed and sent you the wrong bag or the wrong color bag, or you received damaged merchandise, please notify us immediately. we will either arrange for a ups pickup or we will reimburse you for the cost of returning the package to us; we will not charge you for the shipping costs of replacement merchandise. shipping charges are refundable only if a product has been misrepresented, misshipped, or is defective in materials or workmanship. you may ship the bag back to us at the address below. no return authorization is required: tom bihn attn: returns 4750 a ohio ave s seattle, wa 98134 u.s.a. phone # 206 652 4123 please ship the item(s) back to us in the original packaging if possible. if the original packaging is not available, package the item(s) in a generously sized, crushproof box: do not fold, roll, or otherwise stuff the product into a smaller container, as this can permanently damage the product. we strongly recommend that you insure and track your return shipment. please include a copy of your receipt and let us know why you are returning the bag. if you have any questions, please call us at 1-800-729-9607 (u.s. & canada) or +1-206-652-4123 or email us. shipping practices and prices from where do you ship? we ship from our seattle, washington headquarters. do you ship worldwide? we ship worldwide via ups expedited. we offer flat rate shipping to customers in canada ($30), the eu, japan, and singapore ($45–$65+), and australia ($65). note that most brokerage fees are included in the price of ups expedited shipping, with the exception of a possible $10 fee assessed in canada only if prior arrangements to pay for duties and taxes are not made (see next question and answer). outside of the united states, tariffs, duties, and taxes are the responsibility of the customer and are usually paid at time of delivery. according to the reports we receive from customers, inconsistency is the rule. in the u.k. and germany, for example, taxes and tariffs are assessed on some shipments and not on others. please contact your local postal service or customs office for more information. note: we cannot understate or otherwise misrepresent the value of merchandise on customs forms. what about taxes? we charge washington state sales tax on orders shipped within washington. outside of the united states, tariffs, duties, and taxes are the responsibility of the customer and are usually paid at time of delivery. note to customers in canada: taxes and duties can be paid upon delivery, though a $10 brokerage fee may be assessed unless prior arrangements for the payment of duties and taxes are made. this can be done by calling 1-800-pickups once you receive your tracking notification (canada only). when do you ship? we ship orders monday through friday, excluding some holidays. visit our contact page for up-to-date information on holiday closures. place your order before 12:00 p.m. (pacific time), and we will ship it the same day, as long as what you ordered is in stock. if you need an order right away, please call us at 1-800-729-9607 or email us and we'll see what we can do. what shipping methods are available? we ship u.s. and international orders via ups (united parcel service). we ship to apo/ae via usps (united states postal service) priority mail. customers in alaska and hawaii may choose between ups and usps. what are your shipping rates and transit times? *note: the shipping rates listed below are estimated for the average-size package. rates for large orders, especially for large orders shipping via air, may be more expensive.* ups ground ($10): shipments take 1–5 business days to arrive depending on what u.s. state you are in. this ups transit map will show you exactly how long it will take to receive your ups ground package. note that ups does not deliver on weekends. ups 3 day select ($20 and up): guaranteed three-business-day delivery. for example, if we ship your 3 day select order on tuesday, you will receive it on friday. ups 2nd day air ($22 and up): guaranteed two-business-day delivery. for example, if we ship your 2nd day air order on tuesday, you will receive it on thursday. ups 2nd day air to alaska and hawaii is $38–$65. ups next day air ($40 and up): guaranteed one-business-day delivery. if we ship your next day air order on tuesday, you will receive it wednesday. ups next day air to alaska and hawaii is $60 and up. ups international expedited ($30–$65+): guaranteed delivery in 2–5 business days. flat rate international shipping:canada ($30), eu/japan/singapore ($45–$65+), australia ($65). usps (united states postal service) international first class mail ($12–$30): an option for qualifying small orders shipping to canada, australia, and the uk. 10–14 business day delivery. usps priority mail ($10 and up): orders shipped priority mail typically take 3–5 days to arrive. my order has shipped. how can i track it? visit our order tracking page and enter your order number. or — you'll receive an email from ups with your tracking number the day your order is shipped. you can use that number to track your package on the ups web site. if your order was shipped via usps priority mail, you'll receive a notice that your order was shipped but not a tracking number. why are your shipping rates so inexpensive? we don't include our own handling charges or other fees in our shipping rates. and we're continually working with ups to get better rates, which of course we pass along to you. our international rates are a great example of this: flat rate shipping to the uk is $45. if you were to use the ups online rate calculator, shipping to the uk could be anywhere from $120 - $250. by the way: we pay a little extra for each of our packages to be shipped ups carbon neutral. that means, basically, that we buy carbon "credits" for each shipment to offset the emissions generated by the shipping process. it's something we think is the right thing to do, and, again, we're picking up the tab on that one. (here's a video all about it.) why are your shipping rates so expensive? because of the logistics involved with shipping (ups is all about logistics and that explains why their rates are so low and their carbon footprint is so small), it's not uncommon for the shipping rate for small packages to be almost that of bigger packages. we know it might not make sense on the surface for a side effect shipping ups ground to a residential address to cost almost as much as a western flyer to that same address, but it's the tracking/handling and logistics of the shipment that you pay for, not so much the weight. as we mentioned above, we don't include handling charges or other fees in our shipping rates. what we charge for shipping is pretty much usually what it costs us, and often less. while it's true that usps ("the post office") is cheaper than ups, the service is less consistent and tracking just isn't as good. most people who order one of our bags want to know where it is at all times along its route to them, down to the day it'll be delivered, and we respect that. subscribe to our email newsletter unsubscribe tom bihn about us contact us seattle store jobs faq dogs bags new bags travel bags laptop bags checkpoint friendly messenger bags backpacks briefcases knitting bags accessories organization ipad bags customer service my account shipping rates wish list wish list search gift certificates community blog forums videos twitter instagram flickr facebook color swatch guide laptop bag fit guide weight, volume, & dimensions 1-206-652-4123 / 1-800-729-9607