来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20231214053414/https://www.tombihn.com/collections/restock/products/hlt-pouch
================================================================================

tom bihn size 2 handy little thing (hlt), tech organizer, 2.1l skip to main content skip to main content open search form submit search search bags close search shop we make a lot of bags... best sellers new + restocked backpacks travel bags tote bags hip packs cross body organization accessories gift ideas sakura & wisteria shop all face masks retired designs aeronaut 30 shop now blog about who we are company philosophy since 1972 contact us materials glossary forums faq visit us blog on the design process: inspiration, timeline, testing read it sign in cart 0 close main menu submit search search bags shop shop we make a lot of bags... best sellers new + restocked backpacks travel bags tote bags hip packs cross body organization accessories gift ideas sakura & wisteria shop all face masks retired designs aeronaut 30 shop now blog about about who we are company philosophy since 1972 contact us materials glossary forums faq visit us blog on the design process: inspiration, timeline, testing read it wishlist log in cart 0 cart close cart your cart is currently empty! shop all open full size image open full size image open full size image open full size image open full size image open full size image open full size image open full size image open full size image open full size image open full size image open full size image open full size image open full size image open full size image open full size image open full size image open full size image open full size image open full size image open full size image open full size image open full size image open full size image open full size image open full size image open full size image open full size image open full size image open full size image open full size image open full size image open full size image open full size image open full size image open full size image open full size image open full size image open full size image open full size image open full size image open full size image open full size image open full size image open full size image open full size image open full size image open full size image open full size image open full size image open full size image open full size image open full size image open full size image open full size image open full size image open full size image open full size image open full size image open full size image open full size image open full size image open full size image open full size image open full size image open full size image open full size image open full size image open full size image open full size image open full size image open full size image open full size image open full size image open full size image open full size image open full size image open full size image open full size image open full size image open full size image open full size image open full size image open full size image open full size image open full size image add to wishlist your wishlist has been temporarily saved. please log in to save it permanently. size 2 handy little thing (hlt) 4.9 rated 4.9 out of 5 stars4.9 stars (197 reviews) $78.00 color: solaris 200 halcyon in stock available color options solaris 200 halcyon sakura 200 halcyon zest 200 halcyon next batch in production options wisteria 200 halcyon island 200 halcyon northwest sky 200 halcyon logic blue 630 recycled nebulous grey 630 recycled a clamshell organizer pouch with tons of pockets, webbing and elastic loops, and other spots for cords, pens, tools, and more. 2 liters / 130 cu. in. looking for the size 1 hlt? sign up for notifications when the size 2 handy little thing (hlt) becomes available! submit back in stock sign up add a gatekeeper hip belt? - $11.00 add a shoulder strap? $33.00 - absolute shoulder strap close custom select shoulder straps straps that do the job, whatever that may be. shoulder straps straps that do the job, whatever that may be. $4.00 style: absolute shoulder strap available style options absolute shoulder strap standard shoulder strap simple shoulder strap 1" shoulder strap 1" gatekeeper shoulder strap 5/8 shoulder strap select shoulder straps close custom select add to cart images & video description materials & specs reviews & q/a recommended products usa sewn tldr the size 1 handy little thing (hlt) is a clamshell organizer pouch for the ultra-organized. 1 exterior zippered pocket with an included 8" key strap 2 small interior zippered pockets 1 mesh zippered pocket 6 o-rings 10 interior elastic and webbing loops to retain your cords and tools 2 medium swivel double carabiners clipped to the thumb loops on the exterior 4 exterior loops to hook pens/flashlights/tools hidden slot under the mesh zippered pouch through which you can tuck a notebook cover attachment points for a 1" gatekeeper hip belt or 1" shoulder strap the hlt is available in two sizes: size 1 and size 2. full description use as a main compartment organizer tuck in the bottom external pocket of the synik carry as a minimalist waist pack, sling, or shoulder bag clip to the seat pocket on the airplane use as a write-in notebook holder or work-out-of tool pouch use as a main compartment organizer on the exterior of the hlt are two medium swivel double carabiners on the thumb loops. simply clip the carabiners on the o-rings inside the main compartment of the synik 30. once your hlt is clipped in your synik, you can either leave it zipped shut or zipped open — in the latter case, you'd use it as a sort-of freudian slip. when you need to access items out of that open-top pocket in the synik, slide the hlt (still connected to the o-rings) up and out of the top of the synik. tuck in the bottom external pocket of the synik the hlt 2 is sized to fit in the bottom external pocket of the synik 30 and synapse 25. carry as a minimalist waist pack, sling, or shoulder bag if you've already got a 1" gatekeeper waist belt from one of our other backpacks, then you can use it with the hlt. you can also attach a 1" shoulder strap if you want to carry the hlt crossbody or over the shoulder. you might already have one of these if you have our side kick.* if you have a heavily loaded hlt 2, you may notice that it tips outward slightly as the attachment points for the waist strap or the shoulder strap are on one side of the bag instead of two. we personally don't find this annoying, but it's worth mentioning. as we said, the hlt is primarily intended to be an internal organizer pouch. clip to the seat pocket on the airplane you can also clip the included swivel double carabiners to the back seat pocket on the airplane seat in front of you; this way, your in-flight items — earbuds, snacks, sleeping mask, utility cloth, pen, notebook, cables, wallet, phone — are easily within reach throughout your flights. use as a write-in notebook holder or work-out-of tool pouch slide your hand through the webbing handle loop on the back and tuck your thumb in one of the thumb loops and you have a notebook holder that rests securely in one hand* so you can take notes, write, or draw with the other hand. the notebook function works for both left-handed and right-handed people. *since the hlt 1 is a smaller pouch overall, people with larger hands may only be able to get three fingers through the handle, but it will still work as a write-in notebook holder regardless. use as a main compartment organizer on the exterior of the hlt are two medium swivel double carabiners on the thumb loops. simply clip the carabiners on the o-rings inside the main compartment of the synik 30. once your hlt is clipped in your synik, you can either leave it zipped shut or zipped open — in the latter case, you'd use it as a sort-of freudian slip. when you need to access items out of that open-top pocket in the synik, slide the hlt (still connected to the o-rings) up and out of the top of the synik. tuck in the bottom external pocket of the synik the hlt 2 is sized to fit in the bottom external pocket of the synik 30 and synapse 25. carry as a minimalist waist pack, sling, or shoulder bag if you've already got a 1" gatekeeper waist belt from one of our other backpacks, then you can use it with the hlt. you can also attach a 1" shoulder strap if you want to carry the hlt crossbody or over the shoulder. you might already have one of these if you have our side kick.* if you have a heavily loaded hlt 2, you may notice that it tips outward slightly as the attachment points for the waist strap or the shoulder strap are on one side of the bag instead of two. we personally don't find this annoying, but it's worth mentioning. as we said, the hlt is primarily intended to be an internal organizer pouch. clip to the seat pocket on the airplane you can also clip the included swivel double carabiners to the back seat pocket on the airplane seat in front of you; this way, your in-flight items — earbuds, snacks, sleeping mask, utility cloth, pen, notebook, cables, wallet, phone — are easily within reach throughout your flights. use as a write-in notebook holder or work-out-of tool pouch slide your hand through the webbing handle loop on the back and tuck your thumb in one of the thumb loops and you have a notebook holder that rests securely in one hand* so you can take notes, write, or draw with the other hand. the notebook function works for both left-handed and right-handed people. *since the hlt 1 is a smaller pouch overall, people with larger hands may only be able to get three fingers through the handle, but it will still work as a write-in notebook holder regardless. still have questions?emailus@tombihn.comcall 1-800-729-9607ask in our forums materials fabrics bluesign® and oeko-tex® certified 200 denier halcyon/nylon ripstop bluesign® certified 630 denier 50% recycled nylon — or — bluesign® certified 210 denier high-tenacity 2x2 ballistic nylon mesh polyester mesh zippers #5 ykk coil zippers with plastic sliders specs dimensions 9.1” (w) x 5.3” (h) x 2.6” (d) / 230 (w) x 135 (h) x 65 (d) mm weight 200 halcyon: 5.1 oz / 145 grams 210 ballistic: 5.3 oz / 150 grams volume 2 liters / 130 cu. in. 4.9 rated 4.9 out of 5 stars based on 197 reviews 98%would recommend this product reviews 197(tab expanded) questions 9(tab collapsed) write a review (opens in a new window) 197 reviews sort most recentoldestmost helpfulphotos & videoshighest ratinglowest ratingleast helpful charlene m. verified buyer bought for myself product standouts thoughtful design, durable, good storage size, unique, versatile 1 year ago bought for myself product standouts thoughtful design, durable, good storage size, unique, versatilerated 5 out of 5 starsalso handyi like and use my other 2 size 2 hlt that i bought another one to match my new backpack. i’m repeating myself because i also just reviewed the hlt 1. there is nothing about this little thing that i don’t like. it will attach to any thing in numerous ways. since it attaches so easily to the rail loops i can attach it above the elastic pocket of my s30 and still easily get to the o-rings. you can see from my photos below it looks like it was just made for the s30, especially when also attached to an hlt1. i’m aware the rail system was developed to make it easy to slide a laptop in a cache but its great for almost anything. i like to wrap a coil around the elastic loop along with my dpns to keep them secure when the pack is open. those little things like to slip away.read more + 2 more was this helpful?yes, this review was helpful. 18 people voted yesno, this review was not helpful 0 people voted no david a b. verified buyer bought for myself product standouts thoughtful design, high quality craftsmanship, unique, versatile, comfortable 1 year ago bought for myself product standouts thoughtful design, high quality craftsmanship, unique, versatile, comfortablerated 4 out of 5 starsi'm going to end up buying 3 or 4 more of these. i am:1. a person of many different interests, most of which involve the manipulation of material using tools that fit in the human hand. 2. a person that struggles with a compulsive determination to be prepared to meaningfully engage in any or all of these interests with little to no warning and at any given time. 3. pathologically disorganized.when combined, these three characteristics alone mean that i live in a state of chronic low grade panic caused by the perpetual anticipation of multiple rapidly approaching, inevitable and mutually reenforcing catastrophes due to the firm conviction that i have misplaced some essential mundanity, the absence of which will mean certain doom to myself and my loved ones. well, a week after it arrived, a single instance of this bag has fixed that. lately i have been staying with a family member and helping them cope with some health issues. we're way out in the country, far away from my urban nest. even with all of the chaotic to and fro that this sort of thing entails, not once have i misplaced my keys, or my wallet, or my flashlight, or my other flashlight, or my multitool, or my little pocket knife (i know), or my little fine diamond plate (yes, i know), or my phone and accompanying infrastructure, or my little vial of sentimental lake water, or my pencil and its sharpener and notebook and eraser, or their keys, or their wallet, or their flashlight, etc etc etc and so on and so on and so on. to the extent that i understand it,…read morewas this helpful?yes, this review was helpful. 13 people voted yesno, this review was not helpful 0 people voted no k r s. verified reviewer bought for myself 11 months ago bought for myself rated 5 out of 5 starswahoo! look what my hlt can do!a great carry pack for my support spindle and spinning! read morewas this helpful?yes, this review was helpful. 12 people voted yesno, this review was not helpful 0 people voted no jesse z. verified buyer bought for myself product standouts high quality craftsmanship, durable, versatile 1 year ago bought for myself product standouts high quality craftsmanship, durable, versatilerated 5 out of 5 starsedc pouchthis pouch works perfectly for my grab and go bag containing everything i need when leaving the house. it normally goes inside my synapse 25. inside i have:walletgumsome pens and a pencileraserlip balmbandanafirst aid kitutensil kittravel toothbrush and pastecar keysflash lightsmall notepadwireless ear buds1 foot usb c cablesometimes my phone and sometimes my kindle paperwhiteit does not however fit my a5 bullet journal. read morewas this helpful?yes, this review was helpful. 7 people voted yesno, this review was not helpful 0 people voted no dina b. verified buyer bought for myself product standouts thoughtful design, high quality craftsmanship, good storage size, compact, versatile 1 year ago bought for myself product standouts thoughtful design, high quality craftsmanship, good storage size, compact, versatilerated 5 out of 5 starsit doesn't seem littlelove my handy little thing 1.i haven't even finished utilizing it to its fullest potential. it fits very well in my synik 30. i love the pop-of-color it adds.read more + 3 more was this helpful?yes, this review was helpful. 6 people voted yesno, this review was not helpful 1 person voted no loading... loading... show more reviews loadedreviews added recommended accessories key straps 4.9 rated 4.9 out of 5 stars4.9 stars (602 reviews) $6.00 ghost whale organizer pouch 4.9 rated 4.9 out of 5 stars4.9 stars (727 reviews) $13.00 swivel double carabiner 4.9 rated 4.9 out of 5 stars4.9 stars (175 reviews) $1.50 sewn in seattleour bags are designed and sewn right here in seattle, washington, u.s.a.that allows us to be control freaks in the best way possible; we have direct control and oversight of the quality of our materials, our products, and the jobs and working environment that we help create. it also offers us a unique spontaneity: when we have an idea for a new product or accessory, we can design it, figure out how to build it, add it to our website and be ready to ship it out our front door all within just a few weeks. how cool is that? intrigued? you can find out more about the unusual way we do business on our company philosophy page. the bihn guaranteeeverything you buy from us here at tom bihn is satisfaction guaranteed. we’ve been in business since 1972 and we stand behind what we make.if something goes wrong and it's our fault, we'll fix it for free. repairs due to normal wear and tear or due to other things that are not our fault will be performed, when possible, at a reasonable charge right here in our seattle factory where your bag was made. defects in materials or workmanship are uncommon and almost always evident while the product is still new. keep in mind that bags and packs are often subject to extreme wear in everyday use: do not expect them to last forever. only true love lasts forever! you can expect a tom bihn product to give years and years of hard service. ready to grab the size 2 handy little thing (hlt)? add to cart back to top subscribe to our newsletter sign up for our newsletter! we send out news on design debuts and other interesting things. tom bihn about us blog philosophy bag specs customer service account faq guarantee returns shipping connect forums instagram email us the bihn guarantee. superior construction. thoughtful design. © 2023 terms & conditions accessibility © 2023 terms & conditions accessibility the bihn guarantee. superior construction. thoughtful design.