来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20111228153039/http://www.northerntool.com/custhelp/terms.htm
================================================================================

terms and conditions | customer help | northern tool + equipment terms + conditions by accessing this site or by placing an order with northern through any means you accept these terms of use. please read this agreement carefully before accessing this web site. by accessing the site, or by placing an order through any means, you agree to be bound by the terms and conditions below. if you do not wish to be bound by these terms and conditions, you may not access or use this site or place an order through any means. the notices on this page are subject to change without notice. you must revisit this page often to learn of changes your use of this site or you placing an order through any means following any such change constitutes your agreement to follow and be bound by the terms of use as changed. all the content on this site is copyright 1996-2009 northern tool + equipment catalog company, inc. all rights reserved. website usage restrictions you may access and view the content appearing on this website for personal, non-commercial use only! you may download and/or copy portions of the content for personal, non-commercial use only, provided that a) retain all copyright, trademark or other proprietary notices contained on the content, b) do not modify or alter the content in any way and c) do not make content available to any third party. northern reserves complete title and full intellectual property rights in any content that you download from this website. you agree to use this website only for lawful purposes. the following are included, but not limited to, in strictly prohibited actions: i) misrepresenting the identity of a user; ii) tampering in any way with this website; and iii) conducting any type of fraudulent activity. links to third party sites please understand that when you access another web site through this one, northern can accept no responsibility for your experience with the site. links to other sites are provided for convenience only. you need to make your own decisions regarding your interactions or communications with any other web site. communications with northern we welcome your comments regarding this site. however, comments, feedback, notes, messages, ideas, suggestions or other communications transmitted to northern will be treated as nonconfidential and nonproprietary. all communications to northern become the exclusive property of northern and you agree that by transmitting any communication you relinquish all rights and interests in same. northern shall be free to reproduce, use, disclose, and distribute these communications to third parties without restriction. northern shall be free to use any ideas, concepts, know-how or techniques contained in such information for any purpose whatsoever including but not limited to developing, manufacturing, and marketing products incorporating such information. therefore, northern discourages you from transmitting information that you do not wish to assign to northern, including confidential information or creative ideas. furthermore, you will take all responsibility for the content of your communication and warrant that it does not violate any law, statute, ordinance or regulation or the intellectual property rights of third parties. you agree that northern may copy all or part of your communication in any response(s) it makes to you. proprietary rights all product names, logos, trademarks, as well as other marks and trade names on this website are the properties of northern tool + equipment catalog company, inc., or their respective owners. you may not use, reproduce, copy or manipulate such logos in any manner without the prior written consent of the owner. the entire contents of this website, including but not limited to text, images, music, sound, photographs, video, illustrations, icons, graphics, headers, data, information, and software (collectively, “content”) are subject to copyright, trademark, or other proprietary rights or licenses held by northern or a northern affiliate or by third parties who have licensed their rights to northern. all content is copyrighted as a collective work under the u.s. and international copyright laws and northern owns, to the fullest extent allowed by such law, the copyright in the arrangement, coordination, enhancement and selection of such content or this website. except as provided in this agreement, you may not distribute, publish, transmit, reuse, repost, “and frame” the content in any manner or sell or attempt to sell the content. accuracy and content northern is working hard to ensure that the information provided on the northern site or in any northern catalog or advertisement is accurate and up-to-date but due to the risk that the information may be compromised by software or procedural errors, northern does not guarantee the accuracy or completeness of the information provided on this site or in any northern catalog or advertisement . northern reserves the right to correct any errors, inaccuracies or omissions and to change or update information at any time without prior notice (including after you have submitted your order). please note that such errors, inaccuracies or omissions may relate to product description, pricing and availability. photos may vary. pricing and shipping & handling rates are subject to change without notice. we apologize for any inconvenience this may cause you. northern does not warrant the accuracy, integrity or completeness of the content provided in this website or in any northern catalog or advertisement, including any advice or other similar information obtained by you from us though this website or in any northern catalog or advertisement. northern makes no representation that the content provided in this website or in any northern catalog or advertisement is applicable or appropriate for use in locations outside the united states. no warranties; limitation of liability for website, northern catalog or any type of northern advertisement in no event shall northern, its directors, officers, employees, affiliates, successors, or assigns or other representatives be liable, whether in contract, warranty, tort (including negligence-whether active, passive or imputed), product liability, strict liability, or other theory, to you, or any other person or entity for any damages (including, without limitation, any direct, indirect, incidental, special, exemplary, punitive or consequential damages) arising out of or in connection with any use of, inability to use, or results of use of, this website, northern catalog or any type of northern advertisement or any content on this website, northern catalog or any type of northern advertisement, even if northern or its representative has been advised of the possibility of such damages. if you are dissatisfied with this website, northern catalog or any type of northern advertisement and the content contained therein or these terms and conditions, your sole and exclusive remedy is to discontinue use of this website, northern catalog or any type of northern advertisement. if any portion of this limitation is found to be invalid or unenforceable for any reason, then northern’s total liability to you shall in no event exceed one hundred united states dollars (us$100.00). some states do not allow the exclusion and limitation of incidental or consequential damages, so the above limitation or exclusion may not apply to you. no warranties; limitation of liability for merchandise all merchandise listed in this website, northern catalog or any type of northern advertisement are “as is” (to the extent allowed by law) and, unless otherwise specifically noted, are without warranties of any type, express or implied. northern disclaims all warranties, including, but not limited to, the implied warranty of merchantability and the implied warranty of fitness, for a particular purpose. northern disclaims any liability for product defect claims that are due to product misuse, improper product selection and/or misapplication and any description, picture or other information communicated does not express or imply a warranty that the products are merchantable or fit for a particular purpose. any liability for consequential, incidental, special, exemplary, or punitive damages is expressly disclaimed. northern’s liability in all events is limited to, and shall not exceed, the purchase price paid for the product that gives rise to any liability. personal account if you use this site, you are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your account and password and for restricting access to your computer, and you agree to accept responsibility for all activities that occur under your account or password. shipping - risk of loss all items purchased from northern are made pursuant to a shipment contract. this means the risk of loss and title for such items pass to you upon our delivery to the carrier. northern is not responsible or liable for any damage arising from shipment. please click here for shipping information and rates. low price guarantee if within 30 days of your online purchase at northerntool.com, you find the identical product nationally advertised for less by one of our competitors, we will refund to you 110% of the difference! nationally advertised low prices found online must be printed out completely with proof of competitor's name and the offer's expiration date clearly visible. to receive your refund, please mail a copy of the advertisement with the offer's expiration date visible, together with a copy of your invoice to: northern tool + equipment co., ecommerce marketing, p.o. box 1499, burnsville, mn 55337-0499. valid on retail price of item only, not on shipping and/or handling charges. no close-outs, misprints, auction websites or liquidations. also, not valid on member club pricing, or on items that have free shipping. item must be identical make and model#. return policy northern retains the exclusive and sole right as to whether an item may be returned, exchanged or order cancelled. northern thus encourages customers to use caution when placing an order, as once placed the order can not be cancelled, nor the item returned or exchanged unless northern expressly consents. in order to obtain a refund or exchange, prior approval must be given by northern. please click here for the return authorization form or call 1-800-222-5381 (8am-5pm, cst, monday through friday). generally, northern will consider returns within thirty (30) days of purchase. refunds are for the cost of product only; shipping and handling charges are not refundable. due to their product nature, northern can not accept returns of go-karts, mini-bikes, scooters, night vision and some winches. northern can not accept returns of “drop shipped” items directly from the factory to you. northern can not accept returns of gas or diesel-powered items once said items have been oiled and/or gassed. if said items have been gassed or oiled they need to be taken to an authorized service center for repair which may be covered under warranty. at northern's sole discretion, northern may impose a fifteen percent (15%) restocking fee on items returned. returns of "factory shipped" items will be subject to a 15% restocking fee. you may click here to visit our product returns page. privacy please click here to visit our privacy policy page. severability the terms and conditions constitute the entire agreement between you and northern with respect to this website, northern catalog or any type of northern advertisement. the terms and conditions supercede all prior or contemporaneous communications and proposals, whether electronic, oral or written between you and northern with respect to this website, northern catalog or any type of northern advertisement. no modification of the terms and conditions shall be effective unless it is authorized in writing by northern. if any provision of the terms and conditions is found to be contrary to law, then such provision(s) shall be constructed in a manner to closely reflect, as much as possible, the intentions of the parties, with the other provisions remaining in full force and effect if any of these conditions shall be deemed invalid, void, or for any reason unenforceable, that condition shall be deemed severable and shall not affect the validity and enforceability of any remaining condition. choice of law by use of this website, northern catalog or any type of northern advertisement, you agree that the laws of the state of minnesota, without regard to principles of conflict of laws, will govern these terms and conditions and any dispute of any sort that might arise between you and northern or its affiliates. patents one or more patents may apply to this website, including without limitation: u.s. patent nos. 5,528,490; 5,761,649; and 6,029,142. help index account updates buyer's guides contact us extended service plans find a product ordering + payment order status policies product manuals product returns shipping + delivery terms + conditions script section containing code for liveperson chat solution