来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20250503230334/https://www.northerntool.com/company-timeline
================================================================================

company timeline you need to enable javascript to run this app.skip to content product experts available now: 1‑800‑838‑0516lenexa ks open until 7pmcatalogsupportaccountcart0 items in cart0itemsnorthern tool equipment logo iconnorthern tool equipment logo icon link to home.northern tool equipment logo textnorthern tool equipment logo text link to home.categoriesbrandsdealssearchsearchbegin typing to search, use arrow keys to navigate, enter to select northern tool /  about us /  our history our history a trusted family business since 1981 when 35-year-old don kotula started northern hydraulics out of his eagan garage in 1980 he was well qualified. as a youngster he worked for his family business, kotula iron & metal, on the iron range in northern minnesota. while still a teen, don was the company’s top salesman. he added tires, car parts, used cars and other items to the inventory. he wrote to manufacturers and obtained distributorships for their products. he discovered the power of newspaper advertising, and the convenience of greyhound bus and united parcel service for delivering orders. after graduating from the university of minnesota at duluth with a degree in business and marketing, don gained experience at montgomery ward, northwest airlines and ziegler. he learned the value of data-driven decisions, the importance of frugality and the reality of turning a profit with surplus equipment. he was ready to work on his dream of starting a company. forty years later that company, renamed northern tool + equipment in 1998, is a multi-channel business with 120 retail stores nationwide, three distribution centers, domestic and foreign manufacturing facilities and a can-do culture. northern tool offers more than a hundred thousand quality products to professionals and do-it-yourselfers building dreams of their own. don’s sons ryan and wade now lead the company along with their executive team. powering your projects for 40 years 1981 don kotula launches northern hydraulics from his garage in eagan, mn, selling log splitters – designed by don himself – to customers eager to save money during the oil crisis. the company also offers hydraulic parts and other tools. the first northern hydraulics catalog is mailed out. the first retail location is opened in burnsville, mn. 1982 the distribution center in charlotte, nc, is established. retail expansion continues through the southern seaboard states where weather permits customers to work on outdoor projects all year. expansion also continues in minnesota. 1983 great northern equipment distributing, inc. ("gne") founded to specialize in b2b wholesale distribution and manufacturing of top-quality power equipment, professional and diy job tools, honda engines, parts, and more. 1984 the customer service department is created to provide customers with more support and to learn about their needs. 1985 the hotline catalog is introduced to offer customers special deals and more convenience. retail expansion continues through the southern seaboard states where weather permits customers to work on outdoor projects all year. expansion also continues in minnesota. 1988 the 250,000 sq. ft. warehouse is opened in savage, mn. from this point onward the steady expansion of the business accelerates to keep pace with the needs of new and established customers who are building dreams and businesses of their own. the 10th store is opened in rogers, mn. entering the 1990s don and his team listened to shoppers. as a result, they expanded infrastructure and added stores, so more customers could enjoy hands-on shopping. by 1985 northern tool occupied a 60,000 sq. ft. space in burnsville, minnesota, for warehousing, assembly and offices; and opened a second warehouse and showroom in charlotte, north carolina. by 1989 northern tool had 10 retail stores, and by 1992 it had 15 stores due to rapid expansion in southeastern states where customers could work outside all year long. company headquarters were moved to their current location: 2800 southcross drive in burnsville. 1990 kbar manufacturing, now located in faribault, mn, is created. the production of northern tool's first private label product line, northstar, is an instant hit with customers. 1991 northern tool headquarters are established in burnsville, mn. 1997 the construction of a 770,000 sq. ft. distribution center in fort mill, sc, is launched to expedite customer orders and keep stores fully stocked. 1998 to better reflect the growing product selection, northern hydraulics rebrands itself as northern tool + equipment. 1999 the northerntool.com website is officially launched to provide customers with an additional shopping channel. northern tool's 35th store is opened in colfax, nc. the new millenium rapid expansion continued as new customers discovered northern tool as a place that provided quality tools to meet their needs. by 2000 northern tool had 40 retail stores and in 2007 northern tool expanded manufacturing beyond faribault, minnesota, to ningbo, china. by 2017 northern tool added a distribution center in arlington, texas, and operated 100 retail stores. in 2021 the number of retail stores stands at 120. more stores will emerge as demand for quality tools and equipment grows with each generation. 2003 the northern tool + equipment gift card is rolled out, providing the perfect gift for professionals and do-it-yourselfers. 2004 new branding is introduced, including a new logo, store design and advertising to coordinate northern tool's image across stores, catalogs and the internet. 2005 kbar becomes northern tool + equipment engineering + manufacturing. 2007 kotula's "the guys with the goods" catalog and kotulas.com are launched. northern tool ventures into ningbo, china, to grow manufacturing operations. 2009 the 65th store is opened in minnetonka, mn. 2012 continued growth leads to expansion and a new 262,000 sq. ft. warehouse in arlington, tx, to further expedite customers' orders and ensure that stores are well stocked. 2014 northern tool acquires the sportsman's guide and the golf warehouse. 2017 northern tool opens its 100th retail store in katy, tx. 2018 ryan and wade kotula assume leadership of northern tool + equipment and carry on the northern tool tradition of innovation and customer service excellence. 2020 ceo suresh krishna joins the team to position northern tool for the next 40 years of growth. 2021 the 120th store is opened in humble, tx. future growth in retail is already in the works to meet the needs of our new and established customers. northern tool welcomes jacks small engines as part of the northern tool family, offering 3 million parts to our customers. a history of helping in 1989 northern tool employees drove truckloads of generators and hot water pressure washers to prince william sound, alaska, to help clean up the exxon valdez oil spill. that same year when hurricane hugo hit florida, northern tool sold generators off company trucks as they arrived on the scene. in 2017 northern tool quickly delivered generators to the sites of three hurricanes: harvey in texas, ima in florida and maria in puerto rico. northern tool continues to find solutions and offer help wherever possible. plans for the next 40 years the northern tool team will continue to innovate, improve and expand our tool and equipment offers as we learn more and more about our customers’ needs. we appreciate hearing from customers about how our products work for them and what they would like to see offered at northern tool. the company will add more stores, so more of our customers can shop hands-on and discuss their project needs with in-store tool and equipment experts. northern tool will make investments in ways to deliver products to customers faster, so they can minimize downtime when they need something quickly. ryan and wade kotula and the entire company look forward to the next 40 years. we are all excited about continuing to help customers tackle tough work with the best solutions possible. private labels inspired by customers the northern tool team learns every day by listening to customers. over the past 40 years we have learned to improve and expand tool offers to provide the best possible work solutions. the company has engineered, manufactured and backed thousands of products to increase efficiency for customers as they perform tough work on a daily basis. these private label offers were inspired by our customers and are available only at northern tool. northstar: professional-quality generators, log splitters, pressure washers, water pumps, sprayers, power tools, air tools, hand tools, flashlights, welders and more. powerhorse: high-quality generators, engines, pressure washers, water pumps and log splitters at unbeatable values. klutch: professional-quality power tools, air tools, hand tools, flashlights, welders and more. strongway: jacks and lifts, wagons, commercial-grade canopies and much more. ultra-tow: towing and trailer parts and accessories at amazingly affordable prices. nortrac: tools and equipment for hydraulics, farming, construction and more. gravel gear: affordable outerwear, boots, shirts, jeans and more for on the job durability, protection and comfort. roughneck: fuel pumps, sledgehammers, grease guns, trollies, lift tables, logging equipment and more. bannon: industrial-grade fans, wagons and more. ironton: a broad range of work solutions from clothing and footwear to power tools, material handling equipment and much more. northern industrial tools: hand tools, tires, power tools, material handling and much more. northern tool: truck boxes, shop stools, chemicals, batteries and much more. how would you improve this page?customer caremy accountmy ordersmy saved itemsbuild your businesshelpcontact usreturn policyshipping + deliveryordering + paymentregister protection planresourcessitemapall productsall dealsall brandsfind a storefree catalogadvantage membershipcreditgift cardsproduct recallsaboutabout usour historycareerstools for the tradesterms + conditionsaccessibilityprivacy policydo not sell or share my informationget email dealssales, specials + exclusivesemail address *email address *sign upconnect with usover forty years in business family owned since 19812800 southcross drive w | burnsville, mn 55306 |1-800-221-0516copyright © northern tool + equipment. all rights reserved.