来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20161118212522/http://www.lakeshorelearning.com/general_content/general_info/faqs.jsp?ASSORTMENT%3C%3East_id=1408474395181113&bmUID=1479504322372
================================================================================

frequently asked questions at lakeshore learning sign in/registermy accountstore locatorour bloggiftsquick order products shop by category teachers active play arts & crafts blocks & manipulatives classroom furniture dramatic play educational software games & puzzles infants & toddlers literature mathematics music pocket charts reading skills science & health stem social studies supplies & storage writing parents active play arts & crafts blocks & builders educational software first learning games & puzzles imaginative play language & reading math science & social studies targeted learning special needs reading intervention common core head start & early head start english language learners are you ready? games digital learning products school readiness shop by grade / age grade infant toddler preschool pre-k kindergarten 1st grade 2nd grade 3rd grade 4th grade 5th grade 6th grade age 0-18m 18-36m 3 yrs. 4 yrs. 5 yrs. 6 yrs. 7 yrs. 8 yrs. 9 yrs. 10 yrs. 11 yrs. featured product trace-n-draw projector $21.99 sale online clearance-up to 50% off all sale items in-store view our e-catalog! stores store information store locator teacher’s club free crafts for kids teacher workshops outlet locations every saturday, 11 am to 3 pm services services custom websites (epro) complete classrooms professional services group (psg) catalogs & correlations custom product solutions partnerships & community learn more resources free resources free resources home our blog lesson plans printable worksheets calendars, templates & clip art craft ideas & activities writing practice templates flash cards award maker word search catalogs & programs lakeshore catalogs catalogs & correlations head start & early head start software tools are you ready?® assessment software organizer my cart (0) there are no items in your cart. sign in don’t have an account? register now. e-mail address: password: forgot your password?click here to be e-mailed a new password. frequently asked questions for answers to some of our most frequently asked questions, please refer to the list below. still can’t find what you’re looking for? you can e-mail customer service at lakeshore@lakeshorelearning.com. to speak with a customer service representative directly, please call us at (800) 428-4414, monday-friday, 6 a.m. to 6 p.m., pst. ordering & checkout do i have to register to place an order? how do i place an order? how do i apply a coupon code at checkout? why isn’t my coupon code on my e-mail? i’m having problems adding items to my shopping cart. what should i do? is the information i provide during checkout secure? if i order an item from a wish list, when will the wish list be updated? do you charge sales tax? what if i am exempt from paying sales tax? how will i be notified of any back-ordered items? how will i know if lakeshore received my order? can i make my purchases on account? can i make changes to an order i have already placed? what payment methods do you accept? who is wintergreen? how do i download your educational software? shipping what delivery methods do you offer? what are your shipping charges? can i place an order with express delivery? can i send my items to multiple addresses? what are your holiday shipping deadlines? order tracking how do i track my order? gift services how do i purchase a gift card? how do i redeem my lakeshore gift card online? do gift cards expire? do you gift wrap? returns what is lakeshore’s return policy? registration, e-mail & password help how can i become a registered member of your website? how can i be added to or deleted from lakeshore’s e-mail list? how do i change my e-mail address? what if i forget my password? ordering & checkout do i have to register to place an order? absolutely not. you may continue checkout as a guest without registering to become a member. however, the benefits of registering are numerous! you can enjoy great features like a wish list, address book, online order tracking, and saved shopping carts. back to top how do i place an order? ordering is easy! find the items you’re looking for by browsing through our categories or age ranges. you can also search by item number, product name, or keywords. once you find an item you like, enter a quantity and click the “add to cart” button. if you know the item number of the product you would like to purchase, you can enter it in the “order by item #” field and click “go.” the item will automatically be added to your shopping cart! to enter multiple item numbers at one time, use our convenient quick order form. when you’re ready to check out, click on the “my cart” link or the “checkout” button to review the items in your cart. to start the checkout process, click “continue checkout.” if you have not already signed in, you will be taken to a sign-in page where you can log in or choose to continue as a guest. you will then fill in your billing, shipping, and payment information. when you are finished, simply click “place order” and your order will be on its way. you will receive an order number for reference, and an order confirmation will be e-mailed to you shortly. you can also place your order by calling (800) 778-4456, monday-friday, 6:00 a.m. to 6:00 p.m., and saturday, 7:00 a.m. to 3:30 p.m., pst. back to top how do i apply a coupon code at checkout? when you are done placing items in your shopping cart, proceed to checkout. you will see an orange box entitled “online coupon.” enter your coupon code into the box and click “apply.” it’s that simple! back to top why isn’t my coupon code on my e-mail? once you click on the e-mail, a unique coupon code will be applied to your shopping cart. if you are not able to see the discount applied, please contact customer service. back to top i’m having problems adding items to my shopping cart. what should i do? occasionally, when a customer adds a new item to his or her cart, the previously added item disappears. if you’re experiencing this type of problem, it may be because you don’t have your “cookies” turned on. for easy instructions on enabling cookies, click here. back to top is the information i provide during checkout secure? shopping online with lakeshore is a completely safe experience! we use ssl (secure sockets layer)—the industry standard in online encryption technology—to ensure that your personal and credit card information remains secure. ssl encryption allows you to shop with confidence, knowing that only you and lakeshore have the ability to access your information. back to top if i order an item from a wish list, when will the wish list be updated? if your order contains an item that you have added from a wish list, that wish list will be updated as soon as you submit your order. back to top do you charge sales tax? what if i am exempt from paying sales tax? by law, we are required to charge sales tax in all states where applicable. please note that some states charge tax on shipping costs in addition to the purchase total. no sales tax is required for orders delivered to addresses in alaska, delaware, montana, new hampshire, and oregon. if your order is shipping to an international destination, the order summary page will not reflect any tax amounts. belong to a tax exempt organization? enter your sales tax exempt number when entering billing information. (we must have your current tax exempt certificate on file in order to qualify. to check if we have your certificate on file, call our finance department at (800) 424-4772.) back to top how will i be notified of any back-ordered items? we knock ourselves out to keep every item in stock, and we succeed 99% of the time. if we do need to back-order merchandise, the back-order date will be noted on the product detail page and in your shopping cart. back to top how will i know if lakeshore received my order? if you logged in before placing your order, you can go to your account to check your order status and history. we always send an e-mail confirmation after you place your order. this confirmation will include your entire order summary and your order number. if you don’t receive a confirmation within a few minutes, please contact us at lakeshore@lakeshorelearning.com so we can confirm your e-mail address. back to top can i make my purchases on account? if you have an existing account with lakeshore, you can order on account from our website. simply select the “pay on account” option on the review and payment screen of the order process. if you are a domestic school or institution interested in opening an account, you will need to fill out our credit application. you can submit your credit application with your order, but the order will be held pending approval of the application. if you want your items right away, pre-pay with a credit card, and use your account for future orders. at this time, lakeshore does not offer accounts to individuals. back to top can i make changes to an order i have already placed? at lakeshore, we work hard to get every order out the door and on its way to you as quickly as possible. because we process orders so quickly, we can’t alter or cancel an order once it has been placed. however, you can be sure we will always provide you with a satisfactory solution! we have the best return policy around: if you’re unhappy with any item for any reason, just return it to us for a full refund or exchange. your satisfaction is our number-one priority! back to top what payment methods do you accept? we accept the following major credit cards: visa, mastercard, american express, and discover. if you have an existing account with lakeshore, you can order on account from our website. simply select the “pay on account” option on the review and payment screen of the order process. if you are a domestic school or institution interested in opening an account, you will need to fill out our credit application. you can submit your credit application with your order, but the order will be held pending approval of the application. if you want your items right away, pre-pay with a credit card, and use your account for future orders. at this time, lakeshore does not offer accounts to individuals. we also accept lakeshore gift cards online! on the review and payment screen, you can enter your gift card and authorization numbers to pay with a gift card. back to top who is wintergreen? wintergreen is the authorized exclusive distributor of lakeshore products in canada. if you’re sending items to a canadian province or territory, be sure to place your order with www.wintergreen.ca. back to top how do i download your educational software? when you purchase downloadable software, you'll receive an e-mail with simple instructions for downloading the software to your mac or pc. to preview the instructions, click here. back to top shipping what delivery methods do you offer? we have several delivery methods you can choose from. click here for details. back to top what are your shipping charges? click here for detailed information on the shipping cost for each delivery method. back to top can i place an order with express delivery? click here for complete details on express delivery methods. back to top can i send my items to multiple addresses? yes, you can easily split up your order and have items sent to different destinations. select the “ship to multiple addresses” option on the billing information screen of the order process. you can then assign different addresses to each item within your order. back to top what are your holiday shipping deadlines? click here for detailed information on shipping deadlines for hanukkah and christmas. back to top order tracking how do i track my order? if you are a registered member and you were logged in when you placed your order, you can track your order from your account. if you did not register or log in prior to submitting your order, don’t worry. simply call customer service at (800) 428-4414, weekdays 6:00 a.m. to 6:00 p.m., pst, and we’ll be happy to track your order for you. once an online order has been shipped, you will receive a shipping confirmation. depending on the shipping method, the shipping confirmation may provide a tracking link directly to the carrier’s website. back to top gift services how do i purchase a gift card? you can purchase a gift card online, in stores, or by calling (800) 778-4456. for more information, please see our gift card terms and conditions. back to top how do i redeem my lakeshore gift card online? do gift cards expire? to use a lakeshore gift card online, enter your gift card and authorization numbers on the review and payment screen. if your card does not have an authorization number, please call customer service at (800) 428-4414, monday-friday, 6:00 a.m. to 6:00 p.m., pst. if the amount of the gift card is less than the amount of your purchase, you can enter another gift card, or the balance of the order can be paid by credit card or on account. if the amount of the gift card is greater than the amount of the purchase, the balance will remain on your gift card for your next purchase. lakeshore gift cards have no expiration date. back to top do you gift wrap? yes, we do! we'll be happy to wrap your items for only $4.99 each. our gift wrap features festive designs that are appropriate for any event or occasion. just follow the prompts during the checkout process to select which items you’d like wrapped. it’s that simple! if you’re ordering an item that can’t be gift wrapped, you will still have the option of including a free gift message on the packing slip. back to top returns what is lakeshore’s return policy? if you’re unhappy with any item for any reason, just return it to us for a full refund or exchange. your satisfaction is our number-one priority. if you purchased materials on our website, you can return the items to our retail stores or send them back to us through the mail—whichever is easier for you! for details, visit our customer service page. back to top registration, e-mail & password help how can i become a registered member of your website? registration is easy—and free! simply fill out our online form, and you’ll begin enjoying all the benefits that membership has to offer. back to top how can i be added to or deleted from lakeshore’s e-mail list? you will be added to lakeshore’s e-mail list when you register , unless you uncheck the box saying you would like to receive news and promotions via e-mail. you can also sign up when you place an order or request a catalog. if you wish to be removed from our e-mail list for any reason, you can unsubscribe here. back to top how do i change my e-mail address? you can change your e-mail address in your account. back to top what if i forget my password? click on the link under “forgot your password?”. on the password help screen, simply enter your e-mail address. a temporary password will be e-mailed to you. to protect your privacy, lakeshore does not have access to your password. but you don’t have to sign in to place an order…simply check out as a guest! back to top benefits of registering you don’t have to register to shop online with lakeshore—but take a look at the benefits you’ll enjoy as a registered member: free membership it’s absolutely free to register—and easy, too! convenient checkout checkout is even easier! with one click, view your order summary, then submit it. order status & history track current orders and view your complete online order history. saved shopping carts shop now…check out later! save as many shopping carts as you like…one for the items you buy regularly, another for that big end of the year purchase. you can even e-mail your carts to friends! address book store all your shipping addresses in one convenient location. billing information securely store your billing information for faster checkout. wish list create your own wish list, and send it to anyone! you can add as many items as you like and keep track of what’s been purchased. download & installation instructions congratulations! you’re moments away from using your new interactive software. just follow the simple instructions below to start downloading. attention windows 8 & 10 users! click here for special instructions. you may have to temporarily disable your antivirus software before installation. save the file to your desktop. locate and double-click the file to launch the installer (e.g., “hh611-setup.exe”). the program will be installed in “program files/lakeshore learning materials,” and there will also be a shortcut icon on your desktop. (on 64-bit windows systems, the program will be installed in “program files (x86)/lakeshore learning materials.”) you can now launch the software from the start menu or from your desktop! to begin play, just double-click the desktop icon! after installing, just double-click the icon on your desktop to begin play. note: to uninstall the software, go to the control panel window and click on “add or remove programs.” locate and select the installed software (e.g., “phonics tic-tac-toe game”). click on the “change/remove” button, and the uninstaller will guide you through the uninstall process. save the file to your desktop. locate and double-click the file to launch the installer (e.g., “hh611-setup”). the program will be installed in “applications/lakeshore learning materials,” and there will also be a shortcut icon on your desktop. you can now launch the software from the applications folder or from your desktop! after installing, just double-click the icon on your desktop to begin play. note: to uninstall the software, go to applications and double-click on lakeshore learning materials. you will find the folder for the installed software (e.g., “phonics tic-tac-toe game”). drag the folder to the trash, and you’re done! to begin play, just double-click the desktop icon! download & installation instructions congratulations! you’re moments away from using your new interactive software. just follow the simple instructions below to start downloading. attention windows 8 & 10 users! click here for special instructions. you may have to temporarily disable your antivirus software before installation. save the file to your desktop. locate and double-click the file to launch the installer (e.g., “hh611-setup.exe”). the program will be installed in “program files/lakeshore learning materials,” and there will also be a shortcut icon on your desktop. (on 64-bit windows systems, the program will be installed in “program files (x86)/lakeshore learning materials.”) you can now launch the software from the start menu or from your desktop! to begin play, just double-click the desktop icon! after installing, just double-click the icon on your desktop to begin play. note: to uninstall the software, go to the control panel window and click on “add or remove programs.” locate and select the installed software (e.g., “phonics tic-tac-toe game”). click on the “change/remove” button, and the uninstaller will guide you through the uninstall process. download & installation instructions congratulations! you’re moments away from using your new interactive software. just follow the simple instructions below to start downloading. save the file to your desktop. locate and double-click the file to launch the installer (e.g., “hh611-setup”). the program will be installed in “applications/lakeshore learning materials,” and there will also be a shortcut icon on your desktop. you can now launch the software from the applications folder or from your desktop! after installing, just double-click the icon on your desktop to begin play. note: to uninstall the software, go to applications and double-click on lakeshore learning materials. you will find the folder for the installed software (e.g., “phonics tic-tac-toe game”). drag the folder to the trash, and you’re done! to begin play, just double-click the desktop icon! user agreement this software is intended for use on a single computer. if you wish to use the software on more than one computer, you will need to purchase multiple copies. i agree to these terms and conditions customer support contact us faqs lakeshore catalogs credit application feedback e-mail preferences product safety gift cards wish list popular searches eprocurement gsa customers digital learning sign-in our company careers our story newsroom site map responsible manufacturing partnerships hear from us sign up for special offers and news sent directly to you. sign up for exclusive text offers and deals. updated privacy policy  |  children’s privacy policy ©2016 lakeshore learning materials. all rights reserved.