来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20151230080954/http://www.hipsandcurves.com/customer-service
================================================================================

customer service | hips & curves javascript seems to be disabled in your browser. you must have javascript enabled in your browser to utilize the functionality of this website. your ultimate plus size lingerie boutique account rewards log in my bag (0) close recently added item(s) you have no items in your shopping cart. checkout plus size lingerie, full figure bras & panties free shipping on orders $95 or more us shipping only 800.220.8878 8:00 am to 5:00 pm pt (mon-fri) search site: goadvanced search lingerieshop lingeriebabydolls & chemises gowns & peignoirsrobesteddiesextra racy (ooh la la!)shop garter beltsgarter beltsgarter strapsshop sensual delightsbeautygift kitspasties & body jewelscandles & massagewhat's newshop what's newshop holidayshop h&c exclusivesonly at hips & curvesbrasshop braspretty supportplunge brasbralettesdemi & shelf brasfull coveraget-shirt brasstrappy brasbra accessoriesshop bra specials2 for $42 bras2 for $52 braspantiesshop pantiesboyshorts & briefsthongs & g-stringsfashion pantiescrotchless (ooh la la!)shop panty specials3 for $33 panties4 for $28 pantiescorsetsshop corsetssteel boned corsetsbustiers & corsetsunderbust corsetslong line corsetsleather & pvc corsetscorset add-onspetticoats & bloomerspetticoats & bloomershosieryshop hosierythigh high stockingsstay-up stockingscostume & dress-uppantyhoseextended sizespetite sizesshop garter beltsgarter beltsgarter strapscostumesshop costumes & fantasycostumes bedroom costumessteampunkpasties & body jewelsfestival fashioncostume accessoriesshop petticoats & bloomerspetticoats & bloomersaccessoriesshop accessoriesblindfolds & cuffsflowers, hats & veilsgarters & lacesglovessteampunk accessoriespasties & body jewelscostume accessoriesleathershop leatherleatherpatent & vinylleather accessoriesfifty shades of greyshapewearshop shapewearshapewearshop garter beltsgarter beltsgarter strapssleepwearshop sleepwearsoft & comfysleepshirtsrobesapparelshop appareltopsbottomsdressesfestival fashionslink jeanssaleshop saleshop all sale stylesshop specials2 for $42 bras2 for $52 bras2 for $15 lipgloss3 for $33 panties4 for $28 panties contact us orders & shipping checking order status checking order status to check the status of an order, simply login to your account and from the account page, select the "check your order status" link, and either select "submit" to retrieve all orders or use the bottom section of the page to select orders by timeframe. for specific timeframe requests, select the display type from the drop-down list. all of the orders that you have placed will be listed. select the order number for the status that you want to check. the order details will be displayed along with the tracking numbers for the shipments made. once your order has shipped, you can track it by logging on to your account. remember, we can only track your order after it has been shipped. how do i cancel or change an order? how do i cancel an order? please review your sales order confirmation carefully. if you notice an error during normal business hours, we may be able to make a change within the first 15 minutes. after the 15-minute period is over, we will begin processing your order and it can no longer be changed. if you are placing your order outside of our business hours, you may run the risk of your order processing immediately the following business day. if you wish to cancel an order placed while we are closed, please contact us by phone at the beginning of the following business day to see if your order may still be canceled at that time. if your order has already processed, we will accept all items which meet our return policy guidelines back as a return. using prepaid credit cards or gift cards using prepaid credit cards or gift cards if you are purchasing your order with a prepaid visa or mastercard or a visa, mastercard or american express gift card you must register a billing address with the credit card company for our system to authorize your purchase. any orders placed with an unregistered credit card will be declined. to register a billing address to your credit card you can call the number listed on the back of your card or visit that credit card's website. when will i receive my order? when will i receive my order? if every item in your order is in stock and you select fedex smartpost, you should receive your order in approximately 4 - 7 business days within the contiguous u.s. this transit time is an estimation only and, depending on the carrier, may take longer. if you need your order sooner please select one of our ups express shipping options. please remember that free shipping over $95 and smart post shipments will be left at your doorstep if you are not home. if you feel that your neighborhood or apartment complex is unsafe, or if you've had problems with postal mail in the past, please upgrade to ups express, or have the package shipped to an address where someone will be able to receive it. please remember that most shipments will be left at your doorstep if you are not home. if you feel that your neighborhood or apartment complex is unsafe, or if you've had problems with postal mail in the past, please upgrade your shipping to express, or have the package shipped to an address where someone will be able to receive it. dhl free shipping over $95 10 - 12 business days (contiguous united states) dhl free shipping over $95 10 - 20 business days (alaska & hawaii) fedex smart post 4 - 7 business days (contiguous united states) fedex smart post 10 - 12 business days: (alaska & hawaii) ups 2 day 3 business days (contiguous united states only) ups overnight 2 business days processing for orders with ups shipping will begin the following business day. for example, an order placed on monday afternoon/evening would be processed on tuesday or wednesday and arrive thursday or friday if shipped express. **ups 2 day and ups overnight shipping is available to street addresses only. saturday delivery is not available at this time. orders that come in over weekends and holidays are processed the next business day. we will notify you if one of your items is not in stock and offer alternative suggestions. please check your e-mail. we cannot be held responsible for delays due to weather or mechanical problems which are beyond our control. do you ship internationally? yes. we ship to many locations overseas. we ship via dhl global mail.   international mail usually arrives within 20 business days.  please be aware that packages may be subject to customs delays at your local border. international shipping / customs fees many countries charge customs fees or duties on merchandise ordered from overseas. unfortunately, these duties differ from country to country so we have no way of determining what they might be or if you will be charged an extra fee at all. we ship your package duties and taxes unpaid, and we do not collect the vat, duties and/or taxes and cannot predict what your particular charges may be. please be aware that these charges are the customer's responsibility and are beyond our control. we advise that you contact your local customs office for information on what these charges might be. some countries may require additional fees paid collect on delivery (cod). these fees are paid to the local carrier and are not collected by hips & curves. if you have additional questions about international shipping, please contact our customer service department at 800.220.8878 or via email at [email protected] how do i edit my addresses? how do i edit my address? to make changes to your address, login to your account at the account page and select the edit option that appears next to your billing address. international shipping / customs fees international shipping & customs fees we are excited to ship orders to many destinations globally! most of our international shipments are sent via dhl international shipping. international shipping typically takes between 6 - 10 business days to arrive (packages may be subject to customs delays at your local border). to help ensure that your order arrives without unnecessary delays, please be aware of the following shipping information: - dhl will not deliver to post office (po) boxes, thus be sure that you provide a physical street address for international shipping. - international post is an uninsured and non-traceable shipping method. if you would like to track your order, please select international economy shipping. - any taxes, tariffs or duties levied must be paid by the recipient of the order (we will not bill you for any of these charges). - it is required by law that we include a commercial invoice with your order. - although we don’t expect this to happen, we regret that we cannot be held responsible for any confiscations by customs. special offers & promotion codes special offers, promotional codes many great promotional offers are available at hips & curves. be sure to sign up for our newsletter to receive promotional codes! when using a promotional code, be sure to read the entire list of restrictions associated with that promotion. the promotion rules and restrictions will be listed in the promotional email you received. if your order doesn’t reflect the benefits associated with the promotion (considering any promotional restrictions), please contact customer service at [email protected] some important tips for promotions and discounts: - to qualify for a specific promotion, your order must be placed during the specified promotion period. - discounts or promotions can’t be applied to previous orders. - shipping/freight promotions only apply to customers in the continental u.s. - if your offer has a minimum purchase requirement, taxes, shipping, and handling charges do not apply toward the minimum purchase amount. - if you return items purchased using a promotional code your refund will be pro-rated to reflect any related promotional discounts provided for the item(s) returned. price adjustments price adjustments price adjustments are not eligible on special promotions. if a regular priced item is reduced to a final clearance price within 7 days of date of purchase, we’ll issue a store credit for the difference in price. my account benefits of registration benefits of registration as a registered customer you will be able to enjoy many benefits, including: quick and easy express checkout save multiple shipping addresses earn loyalty points shop with store credits create a wishlist or store registry check your order status online can i place orders without registering? can i place orders without registering? ordering from hips & curves is quick and easy! after entering your billing information, just enter a new password - and that's it. we understand how valuable your time is and our checkout process has been designed to be as simple as possible. for your security we do not save your credit card information, but we will save your address information for easy checkout on future orders. new customer accounts passwords for new customers if you would like to enjoy the benefits and convenience of creating an account with us, just visit the account page and follow the new customer prompts. registration online is quick and easy, but if you would rather talk to someone live, feel free to call one of our customer service representatives at 800.220.8878. what to do if i forgot my account password what to do if i forgot my account password if you have ordered from hips & curves before, first and foremost…welcome back and we want to thank you for being a loyal customer! to obtain a password for your current account without repeating the registration process, simply visit the accountpage and select ‘forgot your password?’ from the registered customers section. we will email you a password so you can log on to your existing account and place your order, so be sure to look for the email and change the password. should you need more assistance, please email us at [email protected]. i forgot my password if you've forgotten your password, go to the my account page, and the returning customer login section. click the link for forgotten password, then enter your email address. your password will be sent to you via email shortly thereafter returns no hassle return policy no hassle return policy if you are not satisfied with your purchase for any reason, you may return any unworn items for a refund, subject to the terms below. return shipping fees are the responsibility of the customer. return address: hips and curves attn: returns 311 21st street camanche, ia 52730 returns must be made within 60 days of receipt and accompanied by the original invoice. the items must be unworn, unused, and unwashed, with all tags and labels intact, and in original condition. items not returned within 60 days or not in original condition will be subject to a 20% restocking fee. when you return your merchandise, the amount of the merchandise will be refunded to your credit card. health regulations prohibit the return of "intimate wear" once it has been worn. we strictly adhere to these regulations and will not receive any worn items. when you receive your merchandise please take a moment to inspect the garment for damages, size, and color. a note about panties: please try your new panties on over your own clean underwear. for the health and safety of our employees, returns of items that appear to be worn will not be accepted. we will not accept items that smell of perfumes or smoke or have been exposed to animal or pet hair. returns in this condition will not be accepted. we will credit your credit card for the amount of the merchandise only. we cannot refund shipping charges or gift wrap charges. please note that hips & curves may refuse any return that does not meet the return policy guidelines. clearance/sale items and free gifts with purchase are final sale and non-returnable. returns take up to 20 business days to process. please remember that it may take your financial institution up to 30 days or one billing cycle from the date we issue your credit for it to post in your account. return address return address hips and curves attn: returns 311 21st street camanche, ia 52730 how long will it take to process my return? how long will it take to process my return returns take 10-12 business days processing time once they reach our warehouse. please remember that it may take your financial institution up to 30 days or one billing cycle from the date we issue your credit for it to post in your account. if you paid by money order we will send you a check in 10-15 business days from the time we receive your return. store credits store credits store credit can only be used online at our website, www.hipsandcurves.com and is provided in us currency. store credit may be used to purchase gift cards to our store but cannot be transferred to another person or account. to view your store credit balance, log into your hips & curves account. your store credit balance will be displayed on the my account page. privacy & security what is your privacy policy? what is your privacy policy international visitors if you are visiting this site from outside the united states you expressly and affirmatively consent to (1) transferring your pii to h&c in the united states, where it will be maintained and processed on our servers; (2) to our use and disclosure of your pii as described in this privacy policy; and (3) to the placement of cookies on your computer. the personal data that is transferred to h&c in the united states will be used for the following purposes (1) responding to requests for information you submit; (2) support of functions necessary to deliver products or services to requesting customers; and (3) for our marketing, promotions and research. you acknowledge and agree that the level of data protection in the united states may not be equal to the level of protection under the laws of other countries. if you do not want h&c to use your pii any longer, please contact us at the address below. please note that failure to grant consent or a decision to withdraw consent could impact h&c’s ability to provide products or services to you. use and disclosure of information the use of your information is subject to the privacy policy and terms of use in effect at the time of use. the provisions contained herein supersede all previous notices or statements regarding our privacy practices with respect to this site. we sometimes use aggregated data (independent of any personal identifiers) for research and commercial purposes. this information may include what areas our users visit most frequently and what services they access most often. this information helps us develop a better site that is more useful and accessible to you. we may use your pii internally, among other things, to offer our own, our affiliates’ or third-party products and services that we think you may find of interest. we may use your email address or other contact information to contact you to respond to your inquiries, send you our newsletter or to provide information on products or services to you. you can elect not to receive emails from us either by "unsubscribing" to an email you receive or by contacting us as indicated below. if you have received unwanted, unsolicited email sent via this system or purporting to be sent via this system, please forward a copy of that e-mail with your comments to us for review to [email protected] we reveal personally identifiable information about you to unaffiliated third parties if: (1) you request or authorize it; (2) the information is provided to help complete a transaction for you; (3) the information is provided to comply with the law, applicable regulations, court orders or subpoenas, to enforce our terms of use or other agreements, or to protect our rights, property or safety or the rights, property or safety of our users or others (e.g., to a consumer reporting agency for fraud protection etc.); (4) the disclosure is done as part of a purchase, transfer or sale of services or assets (e.g., in the event that substantially all of our assets are acquired by another party, customer information may be one of the transferred assets); (5) the information is provided to our agents, outside vendors or service providers to perform functions on our behalf (e.g., analyzing, updating or enhancing data; providing marketing assistance; providing customer service; processing orders, etc.); (6) the information is shared with third parties for their marketing use; or (7) the information is shared with others as described in this privacy policy. opt-out, access, and security if you do not wish to receive offers or other notices from us in the future, you can "opt out" by contacting us at the address indicated at the end of this policy. in addition, if you provide us with pii, you will always have the option of updating or deleting your pii by navigating to the my account page and providing your email and password or by emailing us at [email protected] we will honor any requests for us to provide or change information when your log-on information and password are used, so please do not share your log-on information. we will try to complete your request as promptly as possible. any changes will affect only future uses of your pii. we use administrative, physical and technical safeguards that are designed reasonably to protect information contained within our systems from loss, misuse or alteration. our site uses ssl (secure sockets layer) security technology to encrypt information you provide to us through the site when you are making a purchase, but any information you provide us by email is unencrypted, so please do not send us credit card information in an email. while we take steps to protect your personal information and keep it secure, data transmission over the internet is never 100% secure. you also play a role in protecting your information. you can help to maintain the security of your online transactions by not sharing your log-in email or password with anyone. if we receive instructions using your log-in information and password we will assume that the instructions have been authorized by you. we cannot guaranty the security of any information you transmit to us or from our site, and therefore you use our site at your own risk. h&c may maintain customer information in both electronic and paper format at our company offices, including our office in the united states. all electronic information is processed and maintained in the united states links from our site to other sites this site may contain links to other sites such as those of our affiliates and third parties. when you access these external web sites, the providers of the sites will have access to certain information about you. h&c is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of any web sites which we do not directly control and we encourage you to read the applicable privacy policies and terms and conditions of such parties or web sites. contacting us this site is owned and operated by cmi enterprises, llc dba hips & curves.com. if you have any questions or suggestions with respect to this policy, or if you wish to ask us to delete, correct, or show you your information as provided above, you can write to us at hips and curves.com, 171 pier avenue, suite 387, santa monica, ca 90405; email us at [email protected], or call us at 800-220-8878 toll free in the us or 310-910-9700 (toll). effective date: november 30, 2011 (c) 2014 cmi enterprises, llc dba hips & curves.com. all rights reservedforward a copy of that e-mail with your comments to us for review to [email protected] we reveal personally identifiable information about you to unaffiliated third parties if: (1) you request or authorize it; (2) the information is provided to help complete a transaction for you; (3) the information is provided to comply with the law, applicable regulations, court orders or subpoenas, to enforce our terms of use or other agreements, or to protect our rights, property or safety or the rights, property or safety of our users or others (e.g., to a consumer reporting agency for fraud protection etc.); (4) the disclosure is done as part of a purchase, transfer or sale of services or assets (e.g., in the event that substantially all of our assets are acquired by another party, customer information may be one of the transferred assets); (5) the information is provided to our agents, outside vendors or service providers to perform functions on our behalf (e.g., analyzing, updating or enhancing data; providing marketing assistance; providing customer service; processing orders, etc.); (6) the information is shared with third parties for their marketing use; or (7) the information is shared with others as described in this privacy policy. opt-out, access, and security if you do not wish to receive offers or other notices from us in the future, you can "opt out" by contacting us at the address indicated at the end of this policy. in addition, if you provide us with pii, you will always have the option of updating or deleting your pii by navigating to the my account page and providing your email and password or by emailing us at [email protected] we will honor any requests for us to provide or change information when your log-on information and password are used, so please do not share your log-on information. we will try to complete your request as promptly as possible. any changes will affect only future uses of your pii. we use administrative, physical and technical safeguards that are designed reasonably to protect information contained within our systems from loss, misuse or alteration. our site uses ssl (secure sockets layer) security technology to encrypt information you provide to us through the site when you are making a purchase, but any information you provide us by email is unencrypted, so please do not send us credit card information in an email. while we take steps to protect your personal information and keep it secure, data transmission over the internet is never 100% secure. you also play a role in protecting your information. you can help to maintain the security of your online transactions by not sharing your log-in email or password with anyone. if we receive instructions using your log-in information and password we will assume that the instructions have been authorized by you. we cannot guaranty the security of any information you transmit to us or from our site, and therefore you use our site at your own risk. h&c may maintain customer information in both electronic and paper format at our company offices, including our office in the united states. all electronic information is processed and maintained in the united states will my package be discreet? will my package be discreet? your items will be shipped in plain packaging with a return address from h&c, llc our corporate name. for domestic packages*, the word "lingerie" will not appear anywhere on the outside of the package so you can have your order shipped to your home or place of business discreetly. *depending on the country we are shipping to international package labels may display the exact description of each item inside the package due to customs regulations. please check with your local customs office for information regarding customs declaration requirements. is it safe to pay by credit card? is it safe to pay by credit card hips & curves utilizes the latest version of ssl to keep your information safe & secure.many experts in credit card fraud believe that using an ssl connection is one of the safest methods to purchase a product by mail. if you're still unsure, ask your credit card company for more information. should you forget your password, we will email you a new temporary password. this is the best way to protect your information, as sending your existing password via email is not safe. upon receiving your new temporary password, you may change it by going to my account. tips for men tips for men got it? flaunt it your private pass for exclusive savings. go » site map search terms advanced search orders and returns contact us request rma need help? customer service size charts your account shipping information hassle-free returns affiliates site map contact us » learn more love letters models tips for men about us meet the founder press © 2015 hips & curves. all rights reserved. terms of service privacy policy