来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20191219005753/https://www.hipsandcurves.com/privacy-policy
================================================================================

shop women's plus size privacy policy | hips and curves javascript seems to be disabled in your browser. you must have javascript enabled in your browser to utilize the functionality of this website. a world of curves free shipping & free returns (0) you have no items in your shopping bag. sign in register new 2 bras for $52 2 panties for $26 3 panties for $36 4 panties for $28 lingerie bras panties sleep apparel corsets 50% off sleepwear shop all lingerie intimates babydolls teddies gowns & robes cami & cami sets bridal lingerie extra racy! bras pretty support bras bralettes demi & shelf bras strappy bras 2 bras for $52 buy more & save panties boyshorts thongs & g-strings fashion panties crotchless panties 2 for $26 3 for $36 4 for $28 hosiery thigh high stockings stay-up stockings corsets bustiers steel boned corsets corset accessories garter belts costumes bedroom costumes steampunk exclusives h&c exclusive swimwear one piece swim tops swim bottoms sleepwear chemises sleepshirts 50% off sleepwear shapewear shop all bras 2 bras for $52 pretty support bras bralettes demi bras strappy bras t-shirt bras buy more & save shop all corsets steel boned corsets bustiers & corsets underbust corsets leather corsets steampunk corset accessories shop all costumes costumes petticoats bedroom costumes costume accessories steampunk shop all sleepwear soft & comfy sleep sleepshirts chemises robes 50% off sleepwear shop all swimwear one pieces swim tops swim bottoms board shorts all swim apparel dresses tops bottoms resort loungewear shop all sale $20 and under $24 and under bras intimates bras panties corsets costumes shapewear sleep apparel shop all my account search up to 60% off new markdowns - shop now 50% off sleepwear - code "sleep50" - shop now home > privacy policy privacy policy last revised april 26, 2019 city chic collective city chic collective ltd (ccx, us or we), one of the largest retailers of women’s plus size fashion, is leading a world of curves through fearless fashion. the company’s brands include hips and curves and city chic. some of the information you provide us as part of your dealings with us is “personal information” under the privacy act 1998 (cth) (the act). this privacy policy sets out how we collect, handle, use, transmit and disclose your personal information and applies to you unless you give us explicit consent to act otherwise. if you would like to know more about data protection generally, there is information available from the australian information commissioner at the following website – www.oaic.gov.au. we generally collect personal information at our stores, corporate premises and online, both electronically and in hard copy. at ccx we use your personal information primarily for the purposes of : marketing and promotion (by email, text messaging, social networking, conventional post and other means), internal accounting and auditing, recording proof of purchase, validating cheque transactions, receiving, processing and delivering product orders, processing payment, managing our websites (which may include registering you to use our websites), regulatory reporting and compliance, recruitment, servicing our relationship with you and to provide you with information, products and services you may request from time to time. we may communicate additional purposes for use and disclosure of personal information at the point of collection. ccx may engage or deal with other persons or organisations (for example, loyalty program administrators and partners, data analysis specialists, statement producers, data mail houses, data processing organisations, marketing researchers, specialist call centres and service providers, promotional services providers, data hosting service providers, ccx agents, ccx contractors, ccx suppliers, ccx joint venture partners) (all third party providers) to assist ccx in carrying out the above purposes. your personal information may be disclosed to such persons or organisations for these purposes and, in providing a service, they may contact you directly. in some circumstances, they may disclose personal information they collected from you to ccx for one or more of the purposes already mentioned. the nature of the information collected will vary depending on the purpose for which the information was collected. however, the information we usually collect includes name, address, credit and debit card details, phone number, email address, work history, ccx website passwords and usernames, clothing size information etc. this information allows us to provide products and services to you or otherwise interact with you. if you do not provide us with the personal information requested, we may not be able to provide the services or interact with you. if you provide your email address or mobile telephone number to ccx, you consent to us using your email address to email you and/or your mobile telephone number to sms you for any of the purposes listed above. social media we may also collect personal information when you submit content on our social media pages. by submitting content, you agree we may use this content including your name and any other personal information submitted by you, either temporarily or permanently, for testimonial, marketing or other purposes in any media without any compensation to you. cookies cookies are small files that a website or its service provider transfers to your computer hard drive through your web browser (if you allow) that enables the sites or service providers systems to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain information. to enhance your experience when using our websites, ccx uses cookies which may automatically collect information from you such as your email address, region and sign in username. cookies allow us to remember the goods that you have placed in your online shopping bag and save you having to re-enter basic contact information that you provided when registering for an online account with us. we also use cookies for tracking the statistics of our websites. this allows us to better understand our users and improve the layout and functionality of our website. this tracking is conducted in such a way to ensure the anonymity of visitors. most web browsers are set by default to accept cookies. however, if you do not wish to receive any cookies you may set your browser to either prompt or refuse cookies. note that rejecting cookies will disable your browser from purchasing and may impair the functionality of our websites. use and disclosure if we will be using or disclosing your personal information for a purpose other than the primary purposes described above, we will obtain your consent unless the use or disclosure is otherwise permitted under the act. ccx does not sell personal information to direct marketing organisations. if you do not wish to be contacted by ccx about our products, simply write, email or call us using the contact information provided below and we will remove you from any mail, telephone or electronic lists used by us for marketing purposes. please be sure to include your name and other relevant details. the privacy officer, 151-163 wyndham st. alexandria nsw 2015 email: [email protected] phone: (+612) 8303 9800 from time to time we may sell or disclose information you provide us that is not personal information or does not disclose your identity to any person for any purpose at our sole discretion, including to people or companies located outside of australia. we may also modify your personal information (through encryption or other de-identifying techniques) so that it is in a form from which you cannot be identified and sell or disclose such modified information to any person for any purpose, including to people or companies located outside of australia. accuracy of and access to personal information we endeavour to take all reasonable steps to ensure the personal information we hold is up-to-date, complete and accurate. at any time, you may request a copy of your personal information held by us by contacting us using the contact information provided above. if you believe any of your personal information held by us is incomplete or inaccurate, please notify us in writing so that we may update that information. every reasonable effort will be made to provide or update personal information on request, unless an exemption under the act applies. in these circumstances we will provide written notification as to why your request has been refused. we may withhold or refuse you access to your personal information if we are legally authorised to do so or where its disclosure to you is restricted by law, is the subject of legal action, or may compromise the privacy of another person. data security ccx will endeavour to take reasonable steps to protect the personal information we hold from misuse, loss and unauthorised access, modification, destruction or disclosure. we adopt practices to prevent unauthorised access to our premises, systems or physical storage locations. personal information that is no longer required will be destroyed or de-identified, as appropriate. online transaction security ccx takes online transaction security seriously. we process online transactions using at least a 128 bit ssl encryption to a secure credit card payment gateway system. ccx collects but does not store your credit card details on its databases or servers. you will need to enter those details each time you make a purchase on our websites. however, we do maintain records of your transaction history. as mentioned above, ccx adopts practices which seek to prevent unauthorised access to such records. the internet is not a secure method of transmitting information. accordingly, we cannot accept responsibility for the security of information you send to or receive from us over the internet or for any unauthorised access, use or modification of that information. our websites may provide links or references to other 3rd party websites and resources. these websites and resources are not subject to this privacy policy. you should review the privacy policy of each 3rd party website and resource accessed via links from our websites, and assess whether the policy of each website and resource is satisfactory to you before you use the website or resource. you acknowledge and agree that we are not responsible for any personal information you choose to disclose to a 3rd party through a 3rd party website referred to by or linked to any of our websites and that such 3rd parties may store your personal information in any location in accordance with their own security standards. identifiers and anonymity where personal information is collected, it will usually be identified by a common identifier such as the name of the individual, address or transaction details. ccx will not use identifiers assigned by a government agency, such as tax file numbers, to identify your personal information. wherever it is lawful and practical, ccx will give you the option of not identifying yourself when interacting with us. where information is stored subject to the below, personal information we collect from you is stored securely at our offices and on servers in australia. ccx may also store your personal information at our offices and on servers located in new zealand, south africa, the united kingdom and the usa. we may also engage or deal with third party providers to assist with carrying out the purposes discussed in this privacy policy above, which may include the provision of data storage and hosting services in relation to your information. we will disclose your personal information to our third party providers to the extent necessary for them to provide such assistance (including storage and data hosting services) and as otherwise required for you to use our websites and to obtain products or services we offer from time to time. in addition to australia, our third party providers may also store your personal information in new zealand, south africa, the united kingdom and the usa. if our third party providers store your personal information outside australia, the act requires us to ensure that they comply with applicable australian privacy laws unless you agree otherwise. by providing us with information (including personal information), using our websites or obtaining any products or services provided by us from time to time, you: (i) consent to us disclosing and transferring your information (including personal information) to our third party providers located outside of australia, particularly in new zealand, south africa, the united kingdom and the usa; (ii) consent to us and our third party providers storing your information (including personal information) in locations and on servers located outside of australia, particularly in new zealand, south africa, the united kingdom and the usa; and (iii) agree that the requirement under the act for us to ensure that our third party providers comply with applicable australian privacy laws in respect of your information (including personal information) does not apply if our third party providers store personal information outside of australia, including in new zealand, south africa, the united kingdom and the usa (as applicable). we may in the future store your personal information in other locations outside of australia or engage other providers that may store your personal information in or outside of australia and will update this privacy policy if either is the case. we suggest that you visit our websites regularly to keep up to date with any changes. sensitive information where ccx collects personal information that is also sensitive information, such as health details, we will only do so if the individual has consented or the collection is required or permitted by law, including where necessary for the establishment, exercise or defence of a legal or equitable claim. california privacy rights city chic collect various types of personal information about you both online and offline during the course of our customer relationship. we may refer to city chic as "we," "us," or "our" throughout this california privacy rights policy. under california law, if you are a resident of california, you may make a written request to us about how we have shared your information with third parties for their direct marketing purposes. in response to your written request, we may provide you with a notice describing the cost-free means to opt-out of our sharing your information with third parties, if the third party will use it for their direct marketing purposes. if you would like to exercise your rights under california law, please send your written request to email address [email protected] feedback if at any time you believe we have not followed our privacy policy, or if you have some query or comment about our privacy policy, please contact our privacy officer, at the address set out above. we will make every reasonable effort to resolve the problem to the satisfaction of all parties and/or provide you with a response to your query or comment. if you are not satisfied with our response, you can lodge a complaint with the australian information commissioner through its website located at www.oaic.gov.au/privacy/privacy-complaints. updating this privacy policy we may update this privacy policy from time to time by posting a revised version on our website. why shop hips & curves global curves hips and curves is an internationally recognised brand with decades of experience in plus size lingerie endless selection with new stock arriving reguarly, you'll always be able to find the perfect lingerie for every occasion cut for curves nobody knows how to cut for your curves like hips and curves does. our styles help you conceal and reveal in all the right places! fit guarantee if your item doesn’t fit or you’re just not happy with it - simply send your order back with all tags fully intact and we'll issue you a full refund free shipping as part of our site preview, indulge in risk-free online shopping with free standard shipping (for a limited time only) happy returns you can now make free returns in-person at any happy returns location around the country! back to top let's stay in touch! sign up now… join #hipsandcurves a world of curves sydney melbourne los angeles london johannesburg new york customer service contact us help & faqs useful links size guide shipping easy returns terms & conditions privacy h&c world blog gift cards lingerie plus size lingerie plus size intimates plus size bras plus size panties plus size costumes plus size sleepwear © hips & curves 2019 all rights reserved.