来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20111203025818/http://www.replacements.com/thismonth/tmonth.htm
================================================================================

events and features at replacements, ltd. sign up forfree pattern info! tell a friend! home   faq letters site map click here for a free e-mail price list of pieces in your pattern(s)! replacements, ltd. events and features ! check here often for interesting events and special items! we'll update this section of our web site regularly with items that are sure to be of interest to all who love fine tableware! limited time free shipping offer! for a limited time, shipping is now available for free for orders with merchandise totals of $150.00 or more, sent via standard ground shipping to the united states (including alaska, hawaii, puerto rico, guam & us virgin islands.)  click the link immediately above for details! new! replacements, ltd. acquires extensive flora danica collection replacements, ltd. is pleased to announce the company has acquired an extensive collection of royal copenhagen’s prestigious flora danica pattern from private collector richard baron cohen. this addition to the company’s current inventory creates one of the largest offerings of flora danica available for purchase in the world. click here to learn about our find this for me service start here to learn about our easy-to-use, industry-leading find this for me tableware search service. since we carry more than 360,000 new, old, and hard-to-find patterns (some over 100 years old) we can usually help! replacements, ltd. included in frommer's where to buy the best of everything internationally known author suzy gershman has included replacements, ltd. in her new book, where to buy the best of everything, published by frommer's, one of the most trusted names in travel books today. read about her visit by clicking on the link! join replacements, ltd. in the brave new world of social media! now with facebook, twitter, youtube, and google gadget, you can “fan” replacements, ltd., read and follow our “tweets,” “share” us with others, or create a replacements, ltd. “google gadget.” follow the link, and have fun! beautiful estate sterling silver flatware sets if you are looking for a knockout silver flatware set that will not be found mass-marketed in the home chain stores, consider one of our gorgeous estate flatware sets. we offer a wide variety of sets to choose from, all with rich histories, and all featuring design and craftsmanship that set them apart from ordinary silver sets! new! weekly specials at replacements! start here for a weekly selection of specially priced items, each offered for a limited time at significant discounts. great pieces including china, crystal, silver, and collectibles, with the selection changing each week! check back often! replacements, ltd. design seminar now available on youtube we understand that sometimes it's not possible to make it out to our unique and fun events (no matter how much you'd like to), so we've posted a video of our recent design seminar on youtube to help you prepare for spring entertaining! this seminar is chock full of wonderful, money-saving tips – start at the link above to watch! replacements, ltd. ranked number 193 in "top 500 guide"! thank you, thank you, thank you! among tens of thousands of retail web sites operating in the u.s., you've made replacements, ltd. number 193 in internet retailer magazine's prestigious “top 500 guide”. read more! our "patterns of the week" archive – artistry past and present for the past year, replacements, ltd. founder and ceo, bob page, has worked with staff to group special patterns of china, crystal, and silver. have a look at these visually stunning and historically fascinating pieces! spode christmas rose 47-piece set, terrific value! spode christmas rose is a beautiful bone china pattern featuring intricately designed christmas roses, holly, mistletoe, and red berries on a classic white body.  this month, we're offering a 47-piece christmas rose set that’s a splendid way to add the extra tableware you'll need for holiday get-togethers! fantastic offers in winter holiday by fitz & floyd with a delightful green and red color palette that features leaves and berries, winter holiday by fitz & floyd is a pattern that represents the essence of the holiday season. winter holiday will complement your favorite crystal and flatware to create a memorable holiday table! perfect for holiday desserts! 9-piece wedgwood wreath set featuring a striking spray of holiday greenery adorned with fruit and a brilliant red bow, wreath by wedgwood is a beautiful holiday pattern versatile enough for any table – casual or formal. our special 9-piece wreath set is a superb way to serve appetizers and desserts at your next christmas or holiday party! beautiful wedgwood seville – 20-piece set, 31% off wedgwood seville is a radiant bone china pattern featuring intricate scroll work complemented by blue color bands and platinum trim. this set will help you set a fabulous holiday table this year, and makes an outstanding christmas gift. this month, our special 20-piece set is $549.95 is a savings of 31% off the msrp of $800.00! your favorite brands – holiday pieces by fitz & floyd and spode this month, we’ve assembled a wonderful selection of holiday items from fitz & floyd and spode. these beautiful pieces will add a festive and fun touch to your holiday table and decorations! colorful and highly detailed, this collection includes cookie jars, serving platters, pitchers, teapots, and much more. splendid assortment of holiday tableware and decorative accents this month, we offer a remarkable selection of holiday-themed items from makers including nikko, lenox, and portmeirion. these items make thoughtful gifts that will be admired for years to come. selections from nikko’s winter wonderland collection include goblets, votive candleholders, pitchers, and more. silverplate flatware sets – great for year-round entertaining! whether you are looking for something simple or opulent and eye-catching, we have a silverplate flatware set that you’ll love! these exquisite silverplate flatware sets are available for prices that range from $199.95 to $649.95 – there are some “must-have” values for the silverplate sets in this collection! your favorite brands – sterling estate flatware sets if you're ready for (at least) a partial table makeover, and would like to wow your guests this thanksgiving with silver that will not be found mass-marketed in the home chain stores, consider one of our sterling flatware sets. we offer a wide variety of sets to choose from – follow the link to see our spectacular selection. outstanding assortment of avitra crystal – your favorite brands this alluring selection of pieces by avitra crystal is another special collection we’ve put together for our holiday shoppers. items in this collection are beautifully shaped, and feature dazzling cuts. items include decanters, centerpieces, trays, vases, and more, all with prices that range from just $9.99 to $249.95! dazzling selection of holiday crystal in this “your favorite brands” selection, we’ve assembled a marvelous assortment of crystal pieces that will make any holiday table truly memorable!  from renowned companies like pfaltzgraff, lenox, noritake, and others we’re offering a huge collection of goblets, wine glasses, tumblers, and much, much more! your favorite brands – exquisite versace designs from rosenthal our next "your favorite brands" feature includes an incredible selection of designer items that will be wonderful decorative and table accents all year long! the huge variety includes pieces selected from a variety of versace-designed patterns like medusa blue, russian dream, le jardin de versace, and others! stunning selection of versace-designed collectibles this special “your favorite brands” selection includes an extraordinary selection of versace-designed collectibles from rosenthal/continental. these items make superb gifts for the holidays (or any occasion for that matter!) and will be admired for years to come. tiffany & co. silver selection – sensational variety! some brands over time have acquired a magical reputation, and tiffany & co. is certainly one of them! now you can own silver produced by this legendary company at extremely attractive prices. we’ve put together an elegant medley of tiffany & co. pieces this month – follow the link to browse this radiant selection! striking silverplate hollowware – your favorite brands replacements, ltd. offers one of the finest inventories anywhere for hard-to-find, distinctive silverplate hollowware! in this “your favorite brands” offer, we feature tea sets, waiter trays, bon bon bowls, punch sets, and much, much more. these silverplate hollowware pieces are priced from just $9.99 to $1,799.00. caithness glass paperweights – must see collection this month, we’re featuring our entire inventory of gorgeous paperweights by caithness glass. this huge collection of collectible paperweights will be outstanding additions to your desk, curio cabinet, or bookshelf, and they also make attractive gifts for any occasion. collectible ornaments – classic jasperware from wedgwood we feature a favorite from our collectibles inventory this month - genuine jasperware ornaments from wedgwood china. our wedgwood jasperware selection this month includes ornaments from series like “twelve days of christmas-pierced,” “our new home,” and others. prices range from just $4.99 to $29.99. terrific array of white house historical association ornaments! this month, we’re showcasing our entire collection of white house historical association ornaments! this annual series of enamel, gold-plated ornaments depicts the white house in different settings and time periods, along with scenes featuring american presidents. follow the link to browse this marvelous collection! steuben – an american hallmark in collectible crystal since 1903 we offer a wide array of pieces from the “steuben figurines & giftware” collection this month. looking for just the right centerpiece or accessory for your next soiree? how about a special thank-you for the couple who hosted the great holiday party you recently attended?  steuben provides an exceptional selection! your favorite brands – magnificent baccarat crystal collectibles this month, we’re showcasing a diverse selection of dazzling crystal items from the master artisans at baccarat crystal. a variety bowls, vases, figurines, perfume bottles, candlesticks and more await you. with this huge selection, there’s something here for everyone from the casual collector to the most experienced baccarat connoisseur. sparkling waterford crystal accessories – your favorite brands for our next "your favorite brands" feature this month, our inventory specialists have compiled a remarkable selection of waterford crystal pieces. the pieces are offered in prices that range from $17.99 to $999.95, so there are plenty of spectacular values here for every gift giving or decorating budget! your favorite brands – stainless steel flatware sets for our next special “your favorite brands” offer this month, we're offering fantastic stainless steel flatware sets from wallace and reed & barton! this selection includes 107-piece and 61-piece flatware sets in patterns like “imperial bead” and “berry vine.” these sets are priced from $109.95 to $119.95. for little ones – your favorite brands selection of baby gifts this month, we’ve assembled an exquisite selection of sterling silver baby gifts from companies like lunt, kirk stieff, gorham, towle, and others in a variety of patterns such as chantilly, old master, fairfax, prelude, and many more – be sure to take advantage of this special “your favorite brands” opportunity! sterling silver infant feeding spoons – your favorite brands our next “your favorite brands” collection showcases a delightful selection sterling silver infant feeding spoons from tiffany & co., towle, oneida, and others in patterns such as chantilly, buttercup, and more. there are some outstanding values here – follow the link to view our superb collection! your favorite brands – charming 3-piece silver youth sets we have assembled an impeccable selection of silver youth sets that will create cherished memories for the children in your household! these youth sets are crafted by renowned companies like tiffany & co., gorham, and others in a variety of patterns. take advantage of this offer, and create memories that will last a lifetime! replacements hutschenreuther ornaments – entire pattern! we’re featuring our entire inventory of the ever-popular and highly collectible hutschenreuther ornaments. these much sought-after ornaments feature magnificent detail. each ornament is boxed and is a limited edition – these ornaments are sure to be a delightful part of your holiday tradition for years to come. museum feature – frank w. smith silver lion carving set our museum feature is a 3-piece lion carving set by frank w. smith silver. with its eye-catching, detailed ornamentation, lion is one of the best-known flatware patterns produced by frank w. smith, and the carving set featured here is a fantastic representation of this magnificent pattern. read on to learn more! replacements, ltd. featured pet (and pet owner!) “mandy” is a ten-year-old bichon fries who lives with cheryl gore, an imaging specialist in the replacements, ltd. imaging department. despite her furry coat and four legs, cheryl’s not sure mandy even knows she’s a dog, since she has never been treated like one! read on to learn more about mandy and her elaborate daily routine! fitz & floyd st. nicholas – great values in a holiday classic fitz & floyd first produced the eye-catching st. nicholas pattern in 1980, and it became an instant holiday classic. featuring elegant gold trim and an open center with a delightful garland of christmas greenery, ornaments, and candy canes, st. nicholas creates a holiday table that is festive and fun! johnson brothers merry christmas 32-piece set, 40% off! johnson brothers merry christmas is a rimmed, scallop-shaped china pattern, with a christmas tree and fireplace scene in the center of the plate, and a holly leaf and berry design on the rim. add merry christmas to your favorite crystal, silver, and holiday greenery, and you'll set a holiday table that will delight family and guests! save 47%! 40-piece sakura splendor-burgundy set splendor-burgundy by sakura is a spectacular holiday pattern! our special 40-piece set offered this month includes 8 footed cups and 8 saucers, 8 dinner plates, 8 salad plates, and 8 coupe-shaped cereal bowls. the price is $79.95, a savings of 47% off the retail price of $151.68! tremendous values in spode blue room-judaic collection!spode blue room-judaic collection is a magnificently designed blue-and-white traditional pattern by one of england’s most celebrated makers of fine china.  this month we offer an excellent selection of spode blue room-judaic collection items, including serving bowls, wedding cups, menorahs, and more! waterford clarendon-cobalt 2-piece champagne glass setwith vertical, thumbprint, and crisscross cuts that show clear against the eye-catching cobalt blue of the bowl, a multi-sided stem, and round foot with starburst cuts, the waterford clarendon-cobalt fluted champagne glass is a glittering addition that will add a burst of color to any dining table! your favorite brands – magnificent judaic collectible itemsthis month, we offer a remarkable selection of judaic items from makers including lladro, waterford, and lenox china. these items make thoughtful gifts that will be admired for years to come. prices range from $69.95 to $329.95. make these pieces part of your decorations this season! terrific waterford holiday ribbons selectionwaterford china holiday ribbons is ideal for the holidays – you can "dress up" this understated pattern with your favorite decorations, or you can mix and match with other china to add place settings! holiday ribbons accents a table, and complements a wide variety of crystal, silver, and linens. your favorite brands – dazzling waterford crystalthis month, our inventory specialists have assembled a superb selection of crystal from waterford! pieces in this collection include fluted champagne glasses, double old fashioned glasses, martini glasses, cake stands, and more in patterns like clarendon-ruby, clarendon-emerald, twelve days of christmas and others! lenox holiday 8-piece dinner plate set – save 78%!this month, we offer a special set of 8 dinner plates in the lenox holiday (dimension) pattern! these classic cream-colored dinner plates feature a design of vibrant green holly sprigs and iridescent red berries with wide gold trim. the set is $69.95, a savings of 78% off the msrp of $320.00! lenox holiday (dimension) selection – your favorite brands!to help get you into the holiday spirit, we have even more special pieces from the gorgeous holiday (dimension) pattern by lenox! our selection includes tureens, cake plates, centerpieces, candlesticks, and much more. follow the link to get ready for holiday parties right now with just a few clicks of your mouse! your favorite brands – stainless flatware sets by wallace silver for our next “your favorite brands,” we're offering a fantastic variety of stainless steel flatware sets from wallace silver! this selection includes flatware sets ranging from 78-piece sets to 107-piece sets priced from just $109.95 to $139.95. take advantage of these special offers on wallace stainless steel flatware today! fun assortment of certified international holiday items this fun selection includes serving bowls and platters, pitchers, figural salt & pepper sets, figural cookie jars, and much, much more, selected from a variety of delightful certified international holiday patterns like celebrate santa, holiday traditions, and others. these pieces make remarkable holiday gifts! fabulous selection of fitz & floyd for the holidays! this month, we’ve assembled a wonderful selection of holiday items from fitz & floyd. these beautiful pieces will add a festive and fun touch to your holiday table and decorations! colorful and highly detailed, this collection includes figural cookie jars, centerpieces, ornaments, pitchers, and much more. delightful assortment of holiday accent plates – mix & match! our next “your favorite brands” feature includes special offers on an impressive array of salad/accent and luncheon/accent plates for the holidays! the huge variety includes accent plates from nikko, lenox, royal doulton, waterford, noritake, wedgwood, and others. mix and match these pieces to create a charming holiday table! exquisite lenox holiday hostess punch set and serving tray crafted of beautiful cream-colored china, the lenox holiday hostess pattern is a fine example of clean, understated design, with an elegant embossed holly leaf and berry motif and gold trim. we have two special offers in holiday hostess this month. be sure to have a look by following the link above! your favorite brands – spode christmas tree we have a mirthful selection of pieces in the legendary spode christmas tree pattern this month. our spode christmas tree items are wonderful accent pieces, designed not only to add to your festive decorations, but also to provide a variety of shapes and sizes to serve all your holiday favorites. your favorite brands – stunning variety of holiday crystalin this “your favorite brands” selection, we’ve assembled a marvelous assortment of crystal pieces that will make any holiday table truly memorable!  from renowned companies like pfaltzgraff, lenox, noritake, and others we’re offering a huge collection of goblets, fluted champagne glasses, tumblers, and much, much more! lenox twelve days of christmas 12-piece ornament setour inventory specialists have found an exceptional 12-piece set of ornaments in the twelve days of christmas pattern from lenox this month! masterfully sculpted, the set includes 12 different snowflake ornament shapes. not just for the holidays, these ornaments are excellent for a variety of year-round decorative uses. your favorite brands – annual holiday ornaments for 2011 annual christmas ornaments are always among our most popular collectible items, and this selection offers the ideal way to add to your own collection of silver ornaments, start a new one, make a gift to add to a loved one’s collection, or help them start a brand new holiday tradition! your favorite brands – exceptional variety of holiday ornamentsthis “your favorite brands” selection includes a vast array of dazzling ornaments in collections like “little town of bethlehem,” “twelve days of christmas,” “jasperware ball ornaments,” and more. the ornaments in this series make wonderful christmas presents, and are also interesting items to add to your own ornament collection. your favorite brands – fantastic variety of lenox lampswe’ve assembled a tremendous selection of lamps from lenox, available in a wonderful variety of sizes, shapes, and patterns this month. these fabulous lamps will brighten any room, and add just the right accent to your home or office. and you're certain to find the right holiday gift by browsing here. your favorite brands – gorgeous sterling flatware setsif you're ready for (at least) a partial table makeover, and would like to wow your guests this thanksgiving with silver that will not be found mass-marketed in the home chain stores, consider one of our sterling flatware sets. we offer a wide variety of sets to choose from – follow the link to see our spectacular selection. unique variety of silver items from our top sterling patternsbecause of our unique buying network, replacements, ltd. offers one of the finest inventories anywhere for hard-to-find sterling serving items. this month, we offer a superb array of unique sterling silver pieces from our top sterling patterns! featured in this collection are fruit bowls, tea sets, tureens, and much, much more. museum feature – flora danica by royal copenhagenfor our museum feature this month we are showcasing a variety of rare and exquisite pieces from royal copenhagen’s flora danica pattern.  sought after by collectors around the globe, flora danica is considered one of the most luxurious porcelain patterns ever produced – read on to learn more! dean's corner – here we come a-wassailing!wassail has become a tradition of the entire holiday period yet few of us realize the roots, meaning or variations of the celebration. wassail is a tradition to celebrate and promote health, wealth, and good fortune around the holidays – read on to learn more about the fascinating history of this holiday custom! replacements, ltd. featured pet (and pet owner!)this month, we feature marlene whitesell, a digital photographer in the replacements, ltd. imaging department, and her three-month-old pit bull, “daisy.” read on to learn more about this pretty pooch who loves to redecorate the house, and has a daily work routine that involves lots of kisses! special offer on select lenox dinnerware sets replacements, ltd. founder and ceo, bob page, has assembled a fantastic selection of lenox dinnerware sets – some are modest “starter” sets with place setting pieces only; others have all the place setting and serving pieces you'll ever need. each and every set is offered at tremendous savings – up to 87% off msrp! still time to purchase sterling silver at current trend prices turmoil and rising prices in the precious metals markets during the past year have been remarkable. if you're considering purchasing sterling, now is a great time to do so at current price levels. it's very easy to check availability and order. special offer – information-packed silver magazine our newest publication, silver magazine, is an absolute "must read" for any silver enthusiast. brought to you by our sister company, page/frederiksen publishing, the magazine offers great info and features on all things silver! "wall street journal" names replacements, ltd. "industry leader" in his “wall street journal” article, “the dish on replacing chipped china,” writer charles passy put online china services to the test. guess what company came out at the top of his list? lower prices! since you are interested in old and new china, crystal, silver, or collectibles, we wanted to let you know that we have recently lowered prices on hundreds of thousands of pieces in our inventory! start at this link to check for lower prices in more than 360,000 dinnerware and collectible patterns! hand-crafted pieces now available! via special processes developed at replacements, ltd., we are now able to offer a large selection of specially hand-crafted flatware, china, and crystal pieces. estate sterling silver tea sets – new additions! do you revel in knocking the socks off select “afternoon tea” guests, or simply enjoy the rich, reflective beauty of wonderfully crafted silver? start at this link for great silver hollowware! estate silverplate tea sets – new additions! whether you are looking for something simple or opulent and eye-catching (gatsby-like!), we have a silverplate tea set that you'll love. online gift card purchases made easy! looking for the perfect gift? consider giving the replacements, ltd. gift card. it is a gift sure to please! limited time offer – up to 78% off on select dinnerware sets! for a limited time, we're offering great values on special sets in legendary patterns. we have sets in johnson brothers asiatic pheasant-blue , nikko bordeaux, wedgwood romantic england-blue, and many, many others! follow the link for big savings! glass study group learn more about the triad-replacements, ltd. glass study group! home | faq | letters | site map | contact us | top find this for me!use our industry-leading, no-obligation "find this for me" service to get the pieces you need - start here!300,000 patterns!we carry over 13 million pieces in old and new tableware and collectibles, some over 100 years old! easy returns30-day return policy on all purchases, satisfaction assured in 300,000 patterns! contact usneed help or a question answered by e-mail or phone? start here!privacy policyprivacy is important. we guard your data carefully and don't release it.(more on privacy)copyright©1998-2011 replacements, ltd.all rights reserved.