来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20121225125038/http://www.replacements.com/thismonth/tmonth.htm
================================================================================

events and features at replacements, ltd. sign up for free pattern info! tell a friend! home faq letters site map cart click here for a free e-mail price list of pieces in your pattern(s)! replacements, ltd.events and features ! check here often for interesting events and special items! we'll update this section of our web site regularly with items that are sure to be of interest to all who love fine tableware! replacements, ltd. honored for outstanding business ethics we are proud to announce replacements, ltd. has once again been honored with the better business bureau's prestigious torch award for marketplace ethics. limited time free shipping offer! for a limited time, shipping is now available for free for orders with merchandise totals of $150.00 or more, sent via standard ground shipping to the united states (including alaska, hawaii, puerto rico, guam & us virgin islands.)  click the link immediately above for details! replacements, ltd. awarded the bizrate survey ‘circle of excellence’ online retailer award! we are very pleased to announce that replacements, ltd. has won the bizrate survey ‘circle of excellence’ online retailer award! bizrate insights is one of the largest sources of consumer-generated data for online retailers in the country, and this objectively-scored award is great recognition for replacements, ltd.! cbs "sunday morning" story features bob page and family bob page has worked hard: as a boy on his father's small farm, as the first in his family to go to college, in the army, as a cpa, and since 1981, building replacements. what matters most to bob? his family: his partner of 23 years, dale, and their 13 year old sons, owen and ryan. cbs's "sunday morning" recently featured the four as it looked at the fight for marriage equality – something else bob is working hard for. see it here! charming new "moose" motif in spode woodlandwe’ve just received a shipment from spode that includes a variety of piece types adorned with the newest “moose” motif. this delightful design features artful depictions of a majestic moose set against stunning scenic backdrops. our inventory of these newly arrived “moose” items is limited, so be sure to place your order while our selection is at its best! the new york times profile of bob page we're so proud of bob page and everything he does to champion human dignity and equality for all. if you missed the new york times' recent profile of bob and his efforts fighting north carolina's amendment banning same-sex marriage, civil unions, and more, check it out here. we heard from the times it was that week's most emailed article! replacements, ltd. further expands flora danica collection – new pieces now available! replacements, ltd. is pleased to announce the company has recently acquired another extensive collection of royal copenhagen’s prestigious flora danica pattern from a private collector.  this addition to our current inventory further expands one of the largest offerings of flora danica available for purchase in the world! new! replacements, ltd. acquires extensive flora danica collectionreplacements, ltd. is pleased to announce the company has acquired an extensive collection of royal copenhagen’s prestigious flora danica pattern from private collector richard baron cohen. this addition to the company’s current inventory creates one of the largest offerings of flora danica available for purchase in the world. click here to learn about our find this for me servicestart here to learn about our easy-to-use, industry-leading find this for me tableware search service. since we carry more than 383,000 new, old, and hard-to-find patterns (some over 100 years old) we can usually help! replacements, ltd. included in frommer's where to buy the best of everythinginternationally known author suzy gershman has included replacements, ltd. in her new book, where to buy the best of everything, published by frommer's, one of the most trusted names in travel books today. read about her visit by clicking on the link! join replacements, ltd. in the brave new world of social media!now with facebook, twitter, youtube, and google gadget, you can “fan” replacements, ltd., read and follow our “tweets,” “share” us with others, or create a replacements, ltd. “google gadget.” follow the link, and have fun! beautiful estate sterling silver flatware setsif you are looking for a knockout silver flatware set that will not be found mass-marketed in the home chain stores, consider one of our gorgeous estate flatware sets. we offer a wide variety of sets to choose from, all with rich histories, and all featuring design and craftsmanship that set them apart from ordinary silver sets! new! weekly specials at replacements!start here for a weekly selection of specially priced items, each offered for a limited time at significant discounts. great pieces including china, crystal, silver, and collectibles, with the selection changing each week! check back often! replacements, ltd. design seminar now available on youtubewe understand that sometimes it's not possible to make it out to our unique and fun events (no matter how much you'd like to), so we've posted a video of our recent design seminar on youtube to help you prepare for spring entertaining! this seminar is chock full of wonderful, money-saving tips – start at the link above to watch! replacements, ltd. ranked number 210 in "top 500 guide"!thank you, thank you, thank you! among tens of thousands of retail web sites operating in the u.s., you've made replacements, ltd. number 210 in internet retailer magazine's prestigious “top 500 guide”. read more! our "patterns of the week" archive – artistry past and presentfor the past year, replacements, ltd. founder and ceo, bob page, has worked with staff to group special patterns of china, crystal, and silver. have a look at these visually stunning and historically fascinating pieces! jcpenney bistro cafe-red 84-piece set – save 67% off retail! the great shapes and bright red color of bistro cafe-red make this versatile pattern perfect for year-round entertaining! the 84-piece china set offered this month is $89.95, a savings of 67% off the retail price of $275.28! this set makes a thoughtful wedding or anniversary gift, with outstanding savings making it all the better! lenox kelly – outstanding values in a gorgeous pattern! with its elegant design and gold trim, lenox kelly is fashion-forward bone china with a really high “wow!” factor! we have two special offers from this striking pattern this month. these sets complement a wide variety of linens, floral arrangements, silver patterns, and china, and make fantastic gifts for any occasion! villeroy & boch manoir 55-piece set, 35% off msrp! manoir by villeroy & boch is a beautiful all-white pattern featuring a variety of stylish embossed elements. manoir was designed in the "french provincial" tradition – one can very easily picture a collection of manoir being displayed in the tableware cabinet of a french farmhouse! wood & sons colonial rose-pink – alluring design featuring a delightful ivory and red color palette with a design that showcases roses, wheat, and other floral elements, colonial rose-pink by wood & sons is an enchanting pattern! we feature three special offers in colonial rose-pink this month – be sure to take advantage of these compelling values in a gorgeous tableware design! wedgwood appledore 58-piece set – exquisite traditional design! fine bone china from one of the best-known producers in the world, wedgwood appledore features an intricate fruit design, lovely colors, and dazzling gold trim. bring this elegant tradition into your home and start the new year with an easy but gorgeous table makeover. extraordinary savings on lenox china sets! our next special selection this month includes a terrific assortment of china sets in a variety of charming lenox patterns! included in this selection are sets that range from 12-piece to 52-piece china sets in exquisite patterns like lace couture, solitaire white, murray hill, and more. beautiful china sets – splendid assortment, charming designs next, we’ve assembled a spectacular collection of china sets ideal for dinner parties, buffets, or to provide a tableware makeover for the new year! included in this selection are sets in patterns like lady anne signature-platinum, heartland village, westport, and more from companies like gorham, waterford, and others. sparkling glassware sets – celebrate throughout the year! this special selection includes a stunning variety of iced tea glass sets, water goblet sets, wine glass sets, and more in patterns like caprice, pearl platinum, claria, and others! prices range from $49.99 to $549.95 so there’s something in this budget-friendly collection for every entertaining or gift-giving need! heisey rose by heisey – iconic pattern, magnificent selection one of the most popular patterns heisey glass co. ever produced, heisey rose was manufactured between 1949 and 1957. this month, we’re offering a terrific variety of pieces in heisey rose, including water goblets, cake stands, ice buckets, salt & pepper sets, candy dishes, dinner plates, and much more. waterford crystal selection – exceptional values! the exquisite waterford vintage and hanover-gold patterns offer a marvelous selection of accessories, stemware, and barware – items from these patterns will make especially thoughtful gifts for the would-be sommelier or mixologist in your household! prices range from just $19.99 to $299.95 – browse at the link above! terrific assortment of pink & red vintage glassware next up, we offer an absolutely marvelous array of vintage pink and red glassware pieces! these items come from companies like heisey, cambridge, fenton, and others, in patterns such as lace edge-pink, rosemary-pink, crow’s foot-ruby, and more. these pieces make impressive gifts for valentine’s day or any occasion! remarkable variety of heart-themed pieces for valentine’s day! here, we have a fabulous array of heart-themed pieces to enhance your valentine’s day table! pieces include the stylish robert haviland coup de coeurs demitasse cup and saucer sets, along with a variety of heart-shaped items from the coeurs pattern by philippe deshoulieres – have a look at these marvelous pieces today! “must-see” selection of gifts & accessories for valentine’s dayfor our next offer this month, we’ve assembled a breathtaking selection of heart-themed items. the wonderful pieces in this selection include vases, cake servers, fluted champagne glass sets, and much more – you're certain to find plenty of unique wedding, anniversary, or valentine’s day gifts by browsing here! more fun in heart-themed pieces – your favorite brands we’ve put together another spectacular selection of heart-themed items from renowned companies like mikasa, raintree, waechtersbach, and others. this selection includes a variety of lovely pieces like salt & pepper sets, napkin holders, teapots, pitchers, and much more. prices range from just $6.99 to $69.95. unique selection of pots de creme – your favorite brands to help satisfy your sweet tooth, here we're offering a tremendous selection of pots de creme from royal worcester, richard ginori, sadek, and mottahedeh. this selection includes pots de creme in exquisite patterns like canton, buckingham, evesham gold, and others, all with prices that range from just $29.99 to $299.95! exquisite estate sterling silver flatware sets next up, we’ve put together a fantastic assortment of sterling silver estate flatware sets this month. if you’re ready to wow your guests with a sterling silver flatware set that will not be found mass-marketed in the home chain stores, look no further than the marvelous estate flatware sets offered in this special selection! shimmering silverplate flatware sets – your favorite brandswe have a silverplate flatware set in this selection that will be the perfect fit for your favorite tablescape, whether it’s understated or extravagant, and at great prices! these enchanting silverplate flatware sets are available at prices ranging from $299.95 to $549.95 – start by clicking the link above! stainless steel flatware sets – versatile and budget-friendly these stylish stainless steel flatware sets from oneida, sabatier, gorham, and wallace are ideal for a new year’s table makeover! prices range from $55.99 to $119.95. these sets are fabulous for year-round entertaining – take advantage of these special offers on shimmering flatware today! valentine’s day collectibles – enchanting variety next up, we offer a remarkable selection of collectibles that are perfect gifts for valentine’s day! selections include collectible plates, dolls, figurines, and many more splendid pieces from gorham, lenox, mattel, royal doulton and others. prices range from $9.99 to $179.95, so there’s something here for every gift-giving budget! resplendent ornaments for valentine’s day by merck family’shere, we’ve assembled a special selection of ornaments by merck family’s that will be thoughtful gifts and great decorative accents for valentine’s day. prices for these glittering, beautifully colored ornaments range from $3.99 to $59.99 - these are incredible values for such charming ornaments! eye-catching caithness glass collectibles for valentine’s day for our final offer this month, our inventory specialists have put together a tremendous selection of paperweights, bowls, candleholders, and more by caithness glass. these pieces will be outstanding additions to your desk, curio cabinet, or bookshelf, and they also make attractive gifts for valentine’s day! museum feature – westmoreland glass della robbia basket featuring a raised fruit-motif design of pears, grapes, and apples that incorporates brilliant bursts of color, della robbia-flashed is a pattern of distinctive style. della robbia-flashed is one of the many patterns the westmoreland glass company produced over nearly a century of glass making. read on to learn more! replacements, ltd. featured pet (and pet owner!) “rogue,” an american bulldog puppy, is a recent addition to the family of early williams, mro buyer at replacements, ltd. the new puppy was named rogue after early’s wife’s favorite character in the “x-men” films. like the character in the films, rogue’s hair is two different colors, and she can be mischievous - read on to learn more! vietri natale (blue trim) 16-piece set – charming holiday design vietri natale (blue trim) is a delightful holiday pattern featuring rustic depictions of stars and christmas trees in festive colors. the special 16-piece natale (blue trim) set offered this month includes 4 dinner plates, 4 salad plates, 4 soup/cereal bowls, and 4 mugs. this set will help you set a fabulous holiday table! 16-piece pallini holiday set by vietri – outstanding value! pallini holiday by vietri is a spectacular holiday pattern! our special 16-piece set offered this month includes 4 dinner plates, 4 coupe-shaped cereal bowls, 4 salad plates, and 4 mugs. the price is $529.95, an extraordinary value for a versatile set! to browse our complete pallini holiday selection, just click the link above. royal worchester holly ribbons – 55-piece set, 48% off!holly ribbons by royal worcester is an exquisite pattern that represents the essence of the holiday season. combine holly ribbons with your favorite crystal and flatware, and you’ll have a marvelous holiday tablescape that your guests will comment on long after the season is over! fantastic offers in winter holiday by fitz & floydwith a delightful green and red color palette that features leaves and berries highlighted with an elegant geometric border design and gold trim, winter holiday by fitz & floyd is an enchanting holiday pattern! we have a variety of special offers in winter holiday this month – browse and order at the link above! perfect for holiday desserts! 9-piece wedgwood wreath setfeaturing a striking spray of holiday greenery adorned with fruit and a brilliant red bow, wreath by wedgwood is a beautiful holiday pattern versatile enough for any table - casual or formal. our special 9-piece wreath set is a superb way to serve appetizers and desserts at your next christmas or holiday party! holiday-themed china sets, great for entertaining! our next special selection this month includes a terrific assortment of china sets in a variety of charming holiday patterns! included in this selection are sets that range from 20-piece to 48-piece china sets in exquisite holiday patterns like tree, holiday garland, christmas rose, and others. 8-piece holiday dinner plate sets – your favorite brands next up, we've put together an exquisite selection of holiday-themed 8-piece dinner plate sets from companies like pfaltzgraff, gibson designs, and cuthbertson. this wonderful selection includes dinner plates in patterns like festive green santa, dickens embossed christmas-white, sugar plum, and others! gorgeous holiday china variety – incredible selection! here, we’re showcasing a variety of versatile items in a wide assortment of lovely holiday china patterns. this merry selection includes mugs, pitchers, salt & pepper sets, teapots, gravy boats, tureens, and much more. these resplendent pieces are the ideal way to augment your existing tableware for holiday entertaining! serving and decorative items for the holidays up next this month, we offer a remarkable selection of holiday-themed serving and decorative items. we offer a delightful selection that includes deviled egg platters, vases, cookie jars, and more, all superbly decorated with wonderful holiday designs. these items make thoughtful gifts that will be admired for years to come! versace designs from rosenthal  exquisite! our next offer includes an incredible selection of designer items that will be wonderful decorative and table accents all year long! the huge variety includes pieces selected from a variety of versace-designed patterns like medusa blue, russian dream, arabesque, and others from rosenthal! prices range from $24.99 to $699.95. sparkling crystal collection – dazzling holiday designs in this selection, we’ve assembled a marvelous assortment of crystal pieces that will make any holiday table truly memorable!  we’re offering a huge collection of goblets, wine glasses, mugs, tumblers, pitchers and much, much more. there’s something in this budget-friendly collection for every entertaining or gift-giving need! elegant stainless steel flatware sets – “must have” values these elegant stainless steel flatware sets from wallace, joseph abboud, and yamazaki are ideal for the extra place settings you’ll need for the holidays! prices range from just $74.95 to $139.95. take advantage of these special offers on shimmering stainless steel flatware today! sterling silver items – special selection – your favorite brands this month, our silver specialists have put together a fantastic selection of sterling silver pieces from iconic silver makers like gorham, international, kirk stieff, towle, and others. this selection includes a stunning variety of tea sets, vegetable bowls, tureens, centerpieces, vanity sets, and much, much more! more resplendent sterling silver items! we’ve assembled another impeccable selection of sterling silver items from our extensive inventory of more than 13 million pieces of tableware, comprising more than 383,000 different patterns! prices range from $41.99 to $3,799.00, so there’s something in this magnificent collection for every budget! striking silverplate assortment in your favorite brands nothing dresses up a dinner sideboard or dining table quite like silver, and silverplate offers the opportunity to add the beauty of silver to your entertaining decor with money left over for something else fun! here, we’ve put together a terrific selection of assorted silverplate pieces – there are some outstanding values here! alluring designs! silverplate and stainless steel pieces by lenox the splendid selection offered here includes a fantastic variety of silverplate and stainless steel items from lenox! this assortment includes an impressive variety of candlesticks, cake knives, centerpieces, picture frames, and more. these fun and versatile pieces are thoughtful gifts for the holidays. sterling silver tea sets – extraordinary assortment! this month, we're showcasing an outstanding selection of sterling silver tea sets. from silver makers like gorham, international, reed & barton, towle, and others, we offer a wide variety of sets to choose from, all featuring impeccable design artistry that sets them apart from ordinary tea sets. more sterling silver flatware sets – impeccable artistry if you would like to wow your guests over the holidays with unique silver that, as we’ve pointed out before, will not be found mass-marketed in the home chain stores, consider one of our sterling flatware sets! if you’re looking for an out-of-the-ordinary holiday gift for loved ones, friends, or for yourself, follow the link above! unique sterling silver items – exceptional variety and value this collection includes a superb variety of interesting and hard-to-find sterling silver items including muffineers, tea bells, crumber & crumb knife sets, punch bowls, and much more. these gorgeous sterling silver items will be great conversation pieces for holiday parties and year-round entertaining! 18-piece hutschenreuther ornament set – “olde world” charm! our next offer is a fantastic 18-piece ornament set from hutschenreuther of germany. these highly collectible ornaments feature magnificent detail - they'll be a delightful part of your decorations for years to come! the price for the 18-piece ornament set is $49.99, an outstanding value. terrific assortment of holiday collectibles – great gifts next up, we’ve put together a splendid array of collectibles from reed & barton, wedgwood, rosenthal/continental, and others! for your gift-giving needs, or to add to your own collection, you can pick from a broad range of collectibles including wooden advent calendars, ornaments, collectible plates, and more. sparkling waterford crystal accessories for our next offer this month, we’ve compiled a remarkable selection of waterford crystal pieces. items include creamer and sugar bowl sets, decanters, bowls, knife rests, clocks, hurricane lamps, and more in a variety of radiant designs! the pieces are offered in prices that range from just $9.99 to $1,399.00. white house ornaments – historic collectible selection for even more holiday collectible fun, we’re showcasing our entire collection of white house historical association ornaments! this annual series of enamel, gold-plated ornaments depicts the white house in different settings and time periods, along with scenes featuring american presidents. steuben – an american hallmark in collectible crystal we offer a wide array of pieces from the steuben figurines & giftware collection this month. looking for just the right centerpiece or accessory for your next soiree? how about a special thank-you for the couple who hosted the great holiday party you recently attended?  steuben provides an exceptional selection! magnificent baccarat crystal collectibles we’re showcasing a diverse selection of dazzling crystal items from the master artisans at baccarat crystal this month. a variety bowls, vases, figurines, perfume bottles, candleholders, and more await you. with this huge selection, there’s something here for everyone from the casual collector to the most experienced baccarat connoisseur. museum feature – stag & holly bowl by fenton“stag & holly” by fenton is a charming glassware pattern with a playful holly leaf and deer design. for our museum feature this month, we feature a stag & holly bowl in the “marigold” carnival glass color. this pattern was first produced a century ago, in 1912, shortly after carnival glass itself was created. read on to learn more! replacements, ltd. featured pet (and pet owner!) “the saying ‘dogs have masters and cats have staff’ is so true at our house,” said karen ash, an inventory specialist at replacements ltd.  according to karen, “sasha” and “zoe” have her and her husband trained very well. read on to learn more about these two cute cats who are both insistent about what they want! still time to purchase sterling silver at current trend pricesturmoil and rising prices in the precious metals markets during the past year have been remarkable. if you're considering purchasing sterling, now is a great time to do so at current price levels. it's very easy to check availability and order. "wall street journal" names replacements, ltd. "industry leader"in his “wall street journal” article, “the dish on replacing chipped china,” writer charles passy put online china services to the test. guess what company came out at the top of his list? lower prices!since you are interested in old and new china, crystal, silver, or collectibles, we wanted to let you know that we have recently lowered prices on hundreds of thousands of pieces in our inventory! start at this link to check for lower prices in more than 383,000 dinnerware and collectible patterns! hand-crafted pieces now available!via special processes developed at replacements, ltd., we are now able to offer a large selection of specially hand-crafted flatware, china, and crystal pieces. estate sterling silver tea sets – new additions!do you revel in knocking the socks off select “afternoon tea” guests, or simply enjoy the rich, reflective beauty of wonderfully crafted silver? start at this link for great silver hollowware! estate silverplate tea sets – new additions!whether you are looking for something simple or opulent and eye-catching (gatsby-like!), we have a silverplate tea set that you'll love. online gift card purchases made easy!looking for the perfect gift? consider giving the replacements, ltd. gift card. it is a gift sure to please! glass study grouplearn more about the triad-replacements, ltd. glass study group! home | faq | letters | site map | contact us | top find this for me! use our industry-leading, no-obligation "find this for me" service to get the pieces you need - start here! 300,000 patterns! we carry over 13 million pieces in old and new tableware and collectibles, some over 100 years old! easy returns 30-day return policy on all purchases, satisfaction assured in 300,000 patterns! contact us need help or a question answered by e-mail or phone? start here! privacy policy privacy is important. we guard your data carefully and don't release it. (more on privacy) copyright©1998-2012 replacements, ltd.all rights reserved.