来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20131228062808/http://www.replacements.com/thismonth/tmonth.htm
================================================================================

events and features at replacements, ltd. sign up for free pattern info! tell a friend! home faq letters site map cart click here for a free e-mail price list of pieces in your pattern(s)! replacements, ltd.events and features ! check here often for interesting events and special items! we'll update this section of our web site regularly with items that are sure to be of interest to all who love fine tableware! free shipping offer extended again for a limited time, shipping is now available for free for orders with merchandise totals of $150.00 or more, sent via standard ground shipping to the united states (including alaska, hawaii, puerto rico, guam & us virgin islands.)  click the link immediately above for details! replacements, ltd. recognized as national leader in lgbt equality replacements strives to create an environment that embraces all people, breaking the barriers of age, race, nationality and sexual orientation. we're proud that for the twelfth consecutive year, the human rights campaign foundation has recognized replacements as one of the top u.s. companies leading the charge for lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender (lgbt) workplace protection and equality. home furnishings news, a leading publication for our industry, featured this honor. click here to read more! replacements, ltd. awarded the bizrate survey ‘circle of excellence’ online retailer award! we are very pleased to announce that replacements, ltd. has for the second year won the bizrate survey ‘circle of excellence’ online retailer award! bizrate insights is one of the largest sources of consumer-generated data for online retailers in the country, and this objectively-scored award is great recognition for replacements, ltd.! new! crystal stemware id guide, vol. 1, a-f the first of a three-volume series, our new 447-page crystal stemware identification guide includes nearly 6,000 patterns produced by 200 companies from a (aa importing company) through f (furstenberg), making it the most extensive reference of its type! follow the link above to order – now is the perfect time to purchase this information-packed tableware reference resource at an outstanding price! replacements, ltd. honored for outstanding business ethics we are proud to announce replacements, ltd. has once again been honored with the better business bureau's prestigious torch award for marketplace ethics. cbs "sunday morning" story features bob page and family bob page has worked hard: as a boy on his father's small farm, as the first in his family to go to college, in the army, as a cpa, and since 1981, building replacements. what matters most to bob? his family: his partner of 23 years, dale, and their 13 year old sons, owen and ryan. cbs's "sunday morning" recently featured the four as it looked at the fight for marriage equality – something else bob is working hard for. see it here! new arrivals in spode woodlandwe’ve just received a shipment of coupe-shaped cereal bowls now available in five of the most popular woodland motifs. the popular designs that adorn these coupe-shaped cereal bowls include "red grouse," "mallard," "wood duck," "quail," and "pheasant." our inventory of these newly arrived items is limited, so be sure to place your order while our selection is at its best! the new york times profile of bob page we're so proud of bob page and everything he does to champion human dignity and equality for all. if you missed the new york times' recent profile of bob and his efforts fighting north carolina's amendment banning same-sex marriage, civil unions, and more, check it out here. we heard from the times it was that week's most emailed article! replacements, ltd. further expands flora danica collection – new pieces now available! replacements, ltd. is pleased to announce the company has recently acquired another extensive collection of royal copenhagen’s prestigious flora danica pattern from a private collector.  this addition to our current inventory further expands one of the largest offerings of flora danica available for purchase in the world! new! replacements, ltd. acquires extensive flora danica collectionreplacements, ltd. is pleased to announce the company has acquired an extensive collection of royal copenhagen’s prestigious flora danica pattern from private collector richard baron cohen. this addition to the company’s current inventory creates one of the largest offerings of flora danica available for purchase in the world. click here to learn about our find this for me servicestart here to learn about our easy-to-use, industry-leading find this for me tableware search service. since we carry more than 400,000 new, old, and hard-to-find patterns (some over 100 years old) we can usually help! replacements, ltd. included in frommer's where to buy the best of everythinginternationally known author suzy gershman has included replacements, ltd. in her new book, where to buy the best of everything, published by frommer's, one of the most trusted names in travel books today. read about her visit by clicking on the link! join replacements, ltd. in the brave new world of social media!now with facebook, twitter, youtube, and google gadget, you can “fan” replacements, ltd., read and follow our “tweets,” “share” us with others, or create a replacements, ltd. “google gadget.” follow the link, and have fun! beautiful estate sterling silver flatware setsif you are looking for a knockout silver flatware set that will not be found mass-marketed in the home chain stores, consider one of our gorgeous estate flatware sets. we offer a wide variety of sets to choose from, all with rich histories, and all featuring design and craftsmanship that set them apart from ordinary silver sets! new! weekly specials at replacements!start here for a weekly selection of specially priced items, each offered for a limited time at significant discounts. great pieces including china, crystal, silver, and collectibles, with the selection changing each week! check back often! replacements, ltd. design seminar now available on youtubewe understand that sometimes it's not possible to make it out to our unique and fun events (no matter how much you'd like to), so we've posted a video of our recent design seminar on youtube to help you prepare for spring entertaining! this seminar is chock full of wonderful, money-saving tips – start at the link above to watch! replacements, ltd. ranked number 210 in "top 500 guide"!thank you, thank you, thank you! among tens of thousands of retail web sites operating in the u.s., you've made replacements, ltd. number 210 in internet retailer magazine's prestigious “top 500 guide”. read more! our "patterns of the week" archive – artistry past and presentfor the past year, replacements, ltd. founder and ceo, bob page, has worked with staff to group special patterns of china, crystal, and silver. have a look at these visually stunning and historically fascinating pieces! spectacular fitz & floyd st. nicholas tableware – 20-piece set fitz & floyd st. nicholas creates a holiday table that is festive and fun. the design and the beautifully sculpted pieces in this pattern will only add to the merriment and cheer of the holiday season in your home. this month, we offer a 20-piece st. nicholas set for $499.95 – a tremendous value! holiday-themed china sets, great for entertaining our next special selection this month includes a terrific assortment of china sets in a variety of charming holiday patterns. included in this selection are sets that range from 8-piece dinner plate sets to 55-piece china sets in exquisite holiday patterns like holly ribbons, holiday garland, christmas rose, and more. gorgeous holiday tableware – incredible selection here, we’re showcasing a variety of versatile tableware and accessories in a wide assortment of holiday patterns. the festive designs of these patterns complement a wide variety of holiday crystal, silver, and linens – these resplendent pieces are the ideal way to augment your existing tableware for holiday entertaining! holiday-themed vietri selection – festive designs next up, we offer a remarkable assortment of holiday-themed tableware from a variety of vietri holiday patterns. the charming patterns in this collection include pallini holiday, angels, old st. nick, rudolfo, and others. items include dinner plates, mugs, serving platters, pitchers, and more. perfect for holiday feasts – turkey-centric tableware our next offer showcases a fantastic variety of turkey-themed tableware ideal for serving holiday meals. from companies like johnson brothers, spode, churchill, and others, this selection includes serving platters, dinner plates, tureens, and much more! prices range from just $5.99 to $429.95. versace tableware designs from rosenthal – exquisite this offer includes a huge variety of cup and saucer sets, round covered vegetable bowls, salad plates, teapots, tureens, water goblets, salad forks, and much more, selected from a variety of versace-designed patterns. these pieces make remarkable gifts for the versace collector! dazzling holiday glassware designs – must see assortment in this selection, we’ve assembled a marvelous assortment of glassware items that will make any holiday table truly memorable!  from renowned companies like pfaltzgraff, lenox, waterford, and others, we’re offering a huge collection of goblets, fruit/dessert bowls, tumblers, votive candleholders, vases, and much, much more. magnificent saint louis crystal – exceptional design our variety of saint louis crystal pieces offered this month includes decanters, ice buckets, fluted champagne glasses, and more, with prices that range from $29.99 to $1,999.00. these are brilliant pieces that will make unique additions to your crystal collection! supplies are limited, so order while our inventory is at its best. saint louis 32-piece crystal set – brilliant glass stl5 by saint louis is a sparkling crystal pattern with a versatile design that complements a variety of china and silver patterns! our special 32-piece set of stl5 crystal offered this month includes 8 water goblets, 8 wine glasses, 8 champagne/tall sherbet glasses, and 8 cocktail-liquor glasses. alluring baccarat crystal tableware & accessories this selection includes a marvelous assortment of baccarat crystal items that will make thoughtful gifts for the holidays! the variety of items offered here includes decanters, pitchers, finger bowls, vases, and much more in patterns like michelangelo, montaigne-optic, neptune, tallyrand, and others. even more enchanting baccarat crystal pieces next up, our inventory specialists have compiled another remarkable collection of sparkling baccarat crystal pieces. items include water goblets, cordials, bowls, and much, much more. these beautiful items will make sensational additions to your own baccarat collection, and you're certain to find the right holiday gift by browsing here! gorgeous baccarat crystal collectibles here, we’re showcasing even more dazzling crystal items from the master artisans at baccarat crystal. this selection includes variety of bowls, vases, figurines, candleholders and more. with this huge variety of collectibles, there’s something here for everyone from the casual collector to the most experienced baccarat connoisseur! estate sterling silver flatware sets – standout designs here, our silver specialists have put together a really gorgeous assortment of sterling silver estate flatware sets. if you're ready to impress your guests with a sterling silver flatware set this holiday season, look no further than the marvelous estate flatware sets offered in this special selection! sterling silver items – special selection – popular patterns this month, our silver specialists have put together a fantastic selection of sterling silver pieces from iconic silver makers like gorham, kirk stieff, towle, and others. this selection includes pieces in a variety of popular patterns like chantilly-countess, francis i, grande baroque, old master, and others. elegant pearl-handled flatware – marvelous variety next, we have a splendid selection of pearl-handled silverplate and sterling silver flatware. these pieces are fun to mix and match, and will help create extraordinary holiday tablescapes. prices for these exquisite pearl-handled items range from $3.99 to $269.95 – there are some "must-have" values in this collection! holiday collectibles – terrific assortment, outstanding gifts here, our inventory specialists have put together a splendid array of collectibles from reed & barton, wedgwood, rosenthal/continental, and others. for your gift-giving needs, or to add to your own collection, you can pick from a broad range of collectibles including advent calendars, ornaments, collectible plates, and more! lenox china jewels nativity – “must-see” collectible series replacements, ltd. has a large inventory of the highly collectible lenox china jewels nativity figurines and accessories. this collectibles pattern features lenox's renowned cream-colored porcelain fashioned into figurines depicting the nativity of christ. our selection of this discontinued series is fantastic! white house ornaments – historic collectible selection for even more holiday collectible fun, we’re showcasing our entire collection of white house historical association ornaments. this series of annual collectible ornaments depicts the white house in different settings and time periods, along with scenes featuring american presidents. prices range from just $11.99 to $29.99! steuben – an american hallmark in collectible crystal looking for just the right centerpiece or accessory for your holiday table? how about a special gift for loved one? steuben provides an exceptional selection of crystal accessories and gifts. we offer a wide array of steuben pieces with prices that range from $29.99 to $3,199.00. browse our selection by following the link above! museum feature – tiffin flower basket, “empress” line for our museum feature this month, we’re featuring a gorgeous flower basket from the stylish “empress” line of giftware by tiffin. tiffin produced this series of modern forms and bold shapes for only four years, from 1959 to early 1963. today, these beautiful items are highly sought-after by collectors. read on to learn more! replacements, ltd. featured pet (and pet owner!) our featured pets this month are “bailey,” a beagle mix, and “molly,” half lab and half golden retriever, who live with blair friday, chief information officer at replacements, ltd. read on to learn more about these beautiful pooches who love to track wild animals and enjoy playing baseball with the family. nikko gold filigree 66-piece set, “must-have” value gold filigree by nikko is a spectacular pattern for entertaining, and the 66-piece set offered this month is especially great for the holidays! the price is $599.95, a savings of 55% off the msrp of $1,346.00. the salad/accent plates included in this set are remarkable accent pieces  be sure to take a look! nikko versailles platinum 74-piece set, 65% off nikko versailles platinum is an exquisite pattern featuring chic geometric designs and platinum trim. with its elegant design, this set is ideal for a holiday tableware makeover! this month we offer a fantastic special 74-piece versailles platinum set for $599.95, a savings of 65% off the retail price of $1,736.00. silk rouge 58-piece set by nikko, save 79% our next selection this month comes from the silk rouge pattern by nikko. we're offering a 58-piece dinnerware set in this beautiful red, white, and gold pattern for the price of $599.95 – 79% off the msrp of $2,807.00! this stunning pattern is perfect for your holiday tablescapes! to browse and order, just follow the link above. johnson brothers merry christmas – delightful holiday pattern one look at the charming merry christmas design by johnson brothers and you'll savor the sweet smell of the christmas tree and feel the cozy warmth of the fire! we offer a special 32-piece johnson brothers merry christmas set this month for $299.95, a savings of 40% off the msrp of $504.00. fitz & floyd st. nicholas – great values in a holiday classic fitz & floyd first produced the eye-catching st. nicholas pattern in 1980, and it became an instant holiday classic. featuring elegant gold trim and an open center with a delightful garland of christmas greenery, ornaments, and candy canes, st. nicholas creates a holiday table that is festive and fun! fabulous selection of fitz & floyd for the holidays in this next selection, we've assembled a wonderful selection of holiday items from fitz & floyd. these beautiful pieces will add a festive and fun touch to your holiday table and decorations! colorful and highly detailed, this collection includes figural cookie jars, teapots, pitchers, tureens, and much more. spode christmas tree-green trim 34-piece set – save 60% spode christmas tree was designed in 1938 by english designer harold holdway, who had never seen a christmas tree decorated in the american style. our special offer in christmas tree-green trim this month is a 34-piece set priced at $479.95, a savings of 60% off the msrp of $1,196.00! spode christmas tree – tremendous assortment, excellent values we have a mirthful selection of pieces in the legendary spode christmas tree pattern this month. our spode christmas tree items are wonderful accent pieces, designed not only to add to your festive decorations, but also to provide a variety of shapes and sizes to serve all your holiday favorites. dinner plates, johnson brothers old britain castles-pink christmas here's a great way to add to your holiday china place settings. mix and match our special set of 8 johnson brothers old britain castles-pink christmas dinner plates with your current holiday tableware. you'll set a spectacular table with just the right touch for the holidays! johnson brothers old britain castles-pink christmas 24-piece set this holiday season we are excited to offer special savings on a 24-piece set from johnson brothers old britain castles-pink christmas. combine this pattern with your favorite crystal and silver, a centerpiece of pine cones and holiday greenery, and your christmas linens, you'll set a table to remember! pine-themed tableware assortment – outstanding values our next offer includes a fantastic variety of pine-themed tableware and accessories in patterns such as pine glow, pinehurst, pinecone, and more. a variety of serving platters, dinner plates, salt & pepper sets, pitchers, and much more await you, all with prices that range from just $3.99 to $569.95! white & gold tableware and accessories, elegant & chic the splendid selection offered here includes an extraordinary variety of white tableware with gold accents. from companies like lenox, minton, royal doulton, wedgwood, and others, this selection includes an impressive variety of vegetable bowls, luncheon plates, dinner plates, serving platters, teapots, and more. holiday glassware – outstanding variety in your favorite brands in this selection, we've assembled a marvelous assortment of crystal pieces that will make any holiday table truly memorable! from companies like st. louis, waterford, mikasa, and others, we're offering a huge collection of goblets, fluted champagne glasses, iced tea glasses, pitchers, biscuit barrels, and much more. annual collectibles for 2013 – terrific gifts next up, our collectibles staff has selected a marvelous variety of 2013 annual collectibles. annual collectibles are always among our most popular collectible items, and this selection offers the ideal way to add to your own collection (or start a new one!). prices range from just $19.99 to $349.95. charming annual collectible ornaments for even more holiday fun, we offer a sensational selection of annual ornaments from gorham, reed & barton, towle, and others that will be elegant accents for any christmas tree. the ornaments in this series make excellent christmas presents, and are also interesting items to add to your own ornament collection! more fabulous holiday ornaments our next offer this month includes an extraordinary assortment of sterling silver, crystal, and other ornaments. these gorgeous ornaments come from companies like reed & barton, waterford, wedgwood, and others in series like twelve days of christmas, jasperware ball ornaments, celtic collection, and more. christopher radko ornaments – tremendous selection in addition to the wonderful collection of ornaments above, we're also featuring the hand-blown ornament designs of christopher radko this month. these ornaments are marvelous gifts for family or friends. we're sure you'll find that collecting these ornaments is habit forming, and very fun! lenox china jewels nativity – “must-see” collectible series replacements, ltd. has a large inventory of the highly collectible lenox china jewels nativity figurines and accessories. this collectibles pattern features lenox's renowned cream-colored porcelain fashioned into figurines depicting the nativity of christ. our selection of this discontinued series is fantastic! special selection of merck family's old world christmas there must be something that's not represented in our stunning array of hand-crafted blown glass ornaments from merck family's old world christmas, but we don't know what it might be! these glittering, beautifully colored ornaments will bring your family joy in any season. follow the link to browse our fantastic selection! sterling silver place-setting pieces – mix & match our next selection includes special offers on an impressive variety of sterling silver place-setting items. pieces include sandwich plates, bread plates, napkin rings, water goblets, and much, much more from patterns like fairfield, my love, queen elizabeth, and many others. prices range from just $14.99 to $7,999.00. shimmering sterling silver serving items this collection includes a superb variety of sterling silver serving items including bread trays, waiter trays, gravy boats, fruit serving bowls, and much more in patterns like windsor, louis xv, clover, and others. these gorgeous items will be great conversation pieces for holiday parties and year-round entertaining! unique sterling silver items, perfect for holiday gifts for even more holiday fun, we're offering a variety of attractive sterling silver giftware including tea balls, vanity sets, mint julep cups, mirrors, and more. this selection comes from companies like tiffany & co., gorham, georg jensen, and others in patterns like old french, acanthus, love's dream, and many more. towle, wallace, and international – sterling silver assortment this month, we're offering a marvelous selection of pieces from a variety of resplendent towle, wallace, and international sterling silver patterns. these charming pieces will add just the right accents to your holiday tablescapes. prices range from $29.99 to $19,999.00. alluring sterling silver by kirk stieff and reed & barton next up, we're offering an absolutely gorgeous array of sterling silver items from exquisite kirk stieff and reed & barton silver patterns like windsor, stieff rose, francis i, and others. featured in this collection are bon bon bowls, vegetable bowls, muffin dishes, sandwich plates, and much more. tiffany & co. sterling silver – exquisite designs here, our inventory specialists have assembled a remarkable selection of sterling silver items from tiffany & co. prices range from $79.95 to $17,999.00, so there's something here for every decorating and gift-buying budget. you're certain to find unique holiday gifts by browsing here! terrific collection of gorham items in gorgeous patterns the splendid selection offered here includes a fantastic variety of sterling silver pieces from gorham. this selection includes an impressive variety of tea sets, vases, pitchers, salt & pepper sets, and more. these versatile pieces are perfect for holiday parties, and are priced from just $31.99 to $29,999.00. sterling silver hollowware selection – eye-catching designs we're offering a fantastic variety of sterling hollowware pieces from alvin, georg jensen, oneida, watson, and others in a variety of striking patterns like acorn, lancaster rose, repousse, lily, and more. supplies of these sterling hollowware pieces are limited, so order while our selection is at its best! sterling silver baby items – enchanting designs for little ones next, we have assembled a terrific selection of sterling silver baby items including baby cups, porringers, high chair trays, and more. these pieces are exceptional gifts for mothers who are expecting, or as presents for little ones who deserve only the finest this holiday season. take advantage of this special opportunity today! stunning sterling silver tea sets our next offer includes an exquisite selection of sterling silver tea sets from renowned silver makers like gorham, international, georg jensen, wallace, and others. we offer a wide variety of sets to choose from, all with rich histories, and all featuring design and craftsmanship that set them apart from ordinary tea sets! alluring silverplate hollowware, perfect for every table we're offering a terrific variety of silverplate hollowware pieces perfect for holiday entertaining and tablescapes in this selection. from silver makers like international, towle, gorham, and others, this selection includes a fantastic assortment of teapots, wine goblets, meat platters, centerpieces, napkin rings, and more. stainless steel flatware sets – budget-friendly selection these elegant stainless steel flatware sets from wallace, oneida, international, and others are ideal for extra holiday place settings. this selection includes configurations ranging from 65-piece to 80-piece flatware sets in patterns such as aurora, sophie, pearl, and others. prices range from $47.99 to $139.95. exquisite sterling silver estate flatware sets here, our silver specialists have put together a really gorgeous assortment of sterling silver estate flatware sets. if you're ready to impress your guests with a sterling silver flatware set this holiday season, look no further than the marvelous estate flatware sets offered in this special selection! museum feature – large christmas plates by bing & grondahl our museum feature this month takes us to copenhagen, denmark, as we showcase two rare, large christmas plates produced by bing & grondahl. between the years of 1908 and 1911, bing & grondahl released four 12 1/4-inch plate designs that have become highly collectible and quite valuable. read on to learn more! replacements, ltd. featured pet (and pet owner!) wendy comstock, manager of china, crystal and manufacturer inventory at replacements, ltd., says the story of how piper came into their lives is best summed up by a buddhist proverb: "when the student is ready, the teacher will appear." read on to meet this adorable pup who has sent wendy's family "back to school." still time to purchase sterling silver at current trend pricesturmoil and rising prices in the precious metals markets during the past year have been remarkable. if you’re considering purchasing sterling, now is a great time to do so at current price levels. it’s very easy to check availability and order. "wall street journal" names replacements, ltd. "industry leader"in his “wall street journal” article, “the dish on replacing chipped china,” writer charles passy put online china services to the test. guess what company came out at the top of his list? lower prices!since you are interested in old and new china, crystal, silver, or collectibles, we wanted to let you know that we have recently lowered prices on hundreds of thousands of pieces in our inventory! start at this link to check for lower prices in more than 400,000 dinnerware and collectible patterns! hand-crafted pieces now available!via special processes developed at replacements, ltd., we are now able to offer a large selection of specially hand-crafted flatware, china, and crystal pieces. estate sterling silver tea sets – new additions!do you revel in knocking the socks off select “afternoon tea” guests, or simply enjoy the rich, reflective beauty of wonderfully crafted silver? start at this link for great silver hollowware! estate silverplate tea sets – new additions!whether you are looking for something simple or opulent and eye-catching (gatsby-like!), we have a silverplate tea set that you’ll love. online gift card purchases made easy!looking for the perfect gift? consider giving the replacements, ltd. gift card. it is a gift sure to please! glass study grouplearn more about the triad-replacements, ltd. glass study group! home | faq | letters | site map | contact us | top find this for me! use our industry-leading, no-obligation "find this for me" service to get the pieces you need - start here! 400,000 patterns! we carry over 12 million pieces in old and new tableware and collectibles, some over 100 years old! easy returns 30-day return policy on all purchases, satisfaction assured in 400,000 patterns! contact us need help or a question answered by e-mail or phone? start here! privacy policy privacy is important. we guard your data carefully and don't release it. (more on privacy) copyright©1998-2013 replacements, ltd.all rights reserved.