来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20151225063247/http://www.replacements.com/privacy.htm
================================================================================

privacy policy - replacements, ltd. homefaqletterssite mapcart privacy policy at replacements, ltd., we recognize that privacy is very important to our customers. since we would like every customer to thoroughly enjoy their experience with us, we are dedicated to ensuring that your privacy is protected. the information below explains replacements, ltd.’s privacy policy. our privacy policy when you place an order with us, or register for products or services, replacements, ltd. requests information from you that is required to complete your order or registration. we do not sell or rent your information to any third party. we never disclose any information to third parties for a third party’s direct marketing purposes. placing an order with replacements, ltd. when you order, we request the following information: name, address, daytime phone number, and e-mail address if you prefer to correspond with us via e-mail. when you submit an order, this information is recorded, along with the ip (internet protocol) address of the computer used to place the order. in the event that a credit card is used as payment, the credit card number and expiration date are recorded. this information is utilized to authorize the purchase. the contact information you provide is used to ship the order and/or to contact the purchaser in the event there is a question about the order. if you need to update or correct this information, please contact our internet services department via one of the following: e-mail: inquire@replacements.com reply to any e-mail that you receive from replacements, ltd. call 1-800-737-5223 ext:2600 the information used to process your order is transferred to replacements, ltd. utilizing secure socket layer (ssl) technology. click here to confirm via verisign, inc. that replacements, ltd. uses secure technologies to protect the transfer of your personal information. a “lock” icon in your web browser display is a typical indicator that the information you provided is being processed in a secure environment. registering for product information with replacements, ltd. when you register for product information with us, we request the following information: name, address, and e-mail address if you prefer to correspond with us via e-mail. when a registration for product information is submitted, this information is recorded, along with the ip (internet protocol) address of the computer used to place the registration. the contact information you provide is used to send the product information updates (patterns and piece availability updates) that you request. if you need to update or correct this information, please contact our internet services department via one of the following: e-mail: inquire@replacements.com reply to any e-mail that you receive from replacements, ltd. call 1-800-737-5223 ext:2600 newsletter and communications with you we may e-mail you for marketing purposes, and you agree to receive e-mail from us. for example, when you register for product information or order online from us, and provide your e-mail address, in addition to periodic updates related to your pattern(s), you will receive our e-mail newsletter. this e-mail includes fun information related to tableware and collectibles, including featured china, crystal, silver, and collectible patterns, interesting histories, specials, even a “featured replacements pet and owner” series! if you decide that you do not wish to receive this newsletter, there are clearly marked opt out instructions at the bottom of each correspondence. we may also e-mail you or otherwise use your information to share information with you or respond to your requests or questions. for example, we may e-mail you information about your pattern, items you requested, or special sales or promotions. we may e-mail you or otherwise use your information to send you transactional communications. for example, we may send you e-mails about your order, about selling to us, or about your experiences with replacements, ltd. replacements, ltd. reserves the right to contact users to correct account errors or to supply important information replacements, ltd. deems relevant, to the extent permitted by law. online gift cards if you purchase a gift card online, you are asked to provide information for the recipient. we use this information to complete the order that you have placed for the recipient. in the event of a misplaced receipt or gift card, we may inform the gift card holder of the purchaser’s name. gift registries we currently do not take gift registry signups online, but if you set up a gift registry with us via telephone, the following information is requested: name, address, phone number, e-mail address (optional), any wedding date, “ship to” address, and requested item(s) for selected pattern(s). the only information released is the “ship to” address when those purchasing for the recipient request this information. all other information remains confidential. when purchasing items from a registry, we request the following information: name, address, phone number, and e-mail address if correspondence is requested via e-mail. this information is only used to process the order and to contact the purchaser in the event there is a problem with the order and/or payment. in the event the gift recipient has misplaced a receipt or a gift card, we will inform the recipient of the purchaser’s name. all other information remains confidential. disclosure to and from third party companies we do not sell or rent any information regarding our customers to any third party. we never disclose any information to third parties for a third party’s direct marketing purposes. we may share the information we collect from and about you with companies or individuals that provide services or perform functions that enable us to serve you. to help us better serve you, we may combine information we get from you with information about you we get from third parties. these functions or services provided by other companies may include order fulfillment, package delivery, communications, postal or e-mail delivery, customer service, data analysis, credit or payment processing, and the like. these companies or individuals may need information about you to perform their work. these companies or individuals are carefully selected and must agree to safeguard your information in strict compliance with this policy when we deem appropriate. if some or all of our business assets are sold or transferred, we may transfer the corresponding information regarding our customers. we also may retain a copy of that information. we also collect consumer information from third party providers to update or enhance our customer database or increase our understanding of our customers. for example, we may get updated addresses so that our customer address information remains current and accurate. we may also obtain information about other people from you. for example, if you order a gift to be delivered directly to a friend, you would need to give us the friend's name and address. cookies and web beacons cookies are small amounts of data that are used to “remember” specific requests and preferences that are associated with a visit to a specific website, and are also used to facilitate e-commerce transactions on millions of web sites on the internet. if your browser is set to accept cookies, as you maneuver through various sites, your browser allocates a small amount of space on your hard drive to store these cookies. replacements.com uses session cookies to identify items that you have expressed an interest in while visiting our site, such as items added to a shopping cart and/or our registration form. if you elect to enable the “remember me” feature in our web site, we will also use a cookie to save your name and address information for your next visit to our site’s pattern registration or order form. if you do not elect to enable our “remember me” feature, we ask that you enter your name, address, and product preferences each time an order or registration is submitted online at replacements.com. replacements.com cookies are not used to identify, save, or retrieve personal financial information. in order to take advantage of all of replacements.com’s features, your browser should be set to accept cookies. in addition, we work with other companies to help serve, manage, and track our products and advertisements on the internet. these companies may use cookies and web beacons. web beacons are small, html-embedded graphic images.  web beacons assist in determining whether and how often web pages are viewed. these cookies and web beacons do not track personally identifying information. they are used to gather aggregate information to help us provide more relevant information to web visitors and to assist in making our advertising more relevant to consumers looking for our product. if you wish to disable cookies and web beacons, you may do so through your individual browser options. more detailed information about cookie and web beacon management with specific web browsers can be found at the browsers' respective websites. advertising networks we may use one or more third-party online advertising networks to serve ads on our behalf on the internet. the third-party network may collect anonymous information about your visits to our website, other websites, and your interaction with our ads. this anonymous information is collected through the use of pixel tags, cookies, or web beacons which are industry standard technologies used by most major web sites. the third-party network may use this anonymous information to provide ads about our products or services that may be of interest to you. if you would like more information about this practice and your choices about not having this anonymous information used by our third party service providers, please click here http://www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp protection of replacements, ltd. and others we reserve the right to disclose your personally identifiable information in special cases, such as when required by law, to comply with a judicial proceeding, court order, or legal process served on us, to enforce or apply applicable terms and conditions and other agreements, or to protect the rights, property, or safety of our company, our customers, or others. server log files as is standard practice on the internet, our web servers record, in an industry-standard server log file format, non-personal information regarding what resources visitors use on our web site. additional information that is recorded includes the computer’s ip address (a numerical address for a computer on the internet), the browser being used and the referring url. we analyze this generic, non-identifiable information regarding usage trends on our site to aid in optimizing our web site usability and improving our web site user’s experience with us. your consent by using our website, you signify your consent to the privacy policy of replacements, ltd. please check this page regularly. if we post an updated privacy policy, you agree to the terms of the posted privacy policy by your continued use of our website. last updated: 10/12/2015 about replacements, ltd. knowledge base frequently asked questions news releases careers customer service contact us returns/exchange policy shipping & handling policy services free pattern identification find this for me sell to us restoration and repair connect with us 1-800-replace | terms & conditions | site map | privacy policy © 2015 replacements, ltd. all rights reserved.