来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20250407173112/https://www.replacements.com/privacy
================================================================================

privacy policy | replacements, ltd. skip to main content free standard u.s. shipping every day on orders $99+* free standard u.s. shipping on orders $99+* menu open main menu sign in cart china - dinnerware ways to shop top brands brands a-z popular patterns need assistance pattern identification help not to be missed dinnerware sets & more seasonal selections weekly features tabletop resources tableware storage piece type guide place setting guide shop top china patterns crystal - glassware ways to shop top brands brands a-z popular patterns need assistance pattern identification help not to be missed drinkware sets all things crystal great giftware tabletop resources stemware storage piece type guide place setting guide shop top crystal patterns silver - flatware ways to shop top brands brands a-z top sterling patterns popular stainless patterns need assistance pattern identification help restoration & repair not to be missed flatware sets & servers hollowware & tea sets silver dated ornaments tabletop resources silver storage & cleaning piece type guide place setting guide shop top sterling patterns collectibles ways to shop top brands brands a-z popular collections need assistance pattern identification help not to be missed annual ornaments & giftware holiday selections ornaments longaberger baskets tabletop resources display your treasures shop top collectibles estate jewelry estate jewelry rings earrings bracelets necklaces pendants pins & brooches gentleman's jewelry charms watches men's watches women's watches estate jewelry markdowns sterling silver jewelry estate jewelry & watches art & antiques home décor decorative sculptures unusual finds & collectibles furniture lighting art fashion shop art & antiques close main menu sign in / create account my account china - dinnerware brands a-z popular china patterns dinnerware sets & more visual search tool crystal - glassware brands a-z popular crystal patterns all things crystal visual search tool silver - flatware brands a-z popular sterling patterns popular stainless patterns flatware sets & servers visual search tool collectibles brands a-z popular collections holiday ornaments visual search tool estate jewelry shop estate jewelry watches rings earrings bracelets necklaces pendants pins & brooches gentleman's jewelry charms estate jewelry markdowns sterling silver jewelry art & antiques shop art & antiques home décor decorative sculptures unusual finds & collectibles furniture lighting art fashion other ways to shop dinnerware inspiration build your set specialty shops seasonal selections lookbooks great ways to save services restoration & repair pattern identification help sell to us gift registry gift cards showroom contact us shopping cart sign out why us services specialty shops get inspired specials showroom contact us privacy policy effective date: 02/14/2025 at replacements, ltd. ("replacements"), we know that privacy is very important to our customers and are dedicated to protecting your data. our privacy policy explains how we collect, use, and safeguard your personal information. our privacy policy when you communicate with replacements, you provide us with information that helps us ship your orders, provide you with information about our items and services, and make your shopping experience more convenient. our goal is to serve you. we do not sell or rent your personal information to any third party in exchange for money, discount, or similar consideration. we never disclose any personal information to third parties for a third party's direct marketing purposes. personal information is information that identifies you or could be combined with other information that identifies you. some laws may define personal information differently, and this privacy policy will point out if we are using one of those definitions. the types of information we collect collecting your personal information allows us to complete and ship your orders, provide customer service, communicate with you, and enhance your shopping experience. for example, when you place an order online, we record your name, address, phone number, email address (if provided), and payment card information, along with the ip (internet protocol) address or the device id of the device used to place the order. as another example, when you request or share product information, we record your interests and collect your name, address, and email address (if provided), along with an ip address or device id. here is a list of the categories of personal information we may collect directly from you. not all categories will be collected for every customer – it will depend on how you interact with us: name address phone number email address date of birth or age gender financial information, such as credit or debit card numbers and expiration dates (we do not have access to or store your full payment card information) purchase, return, or exchange information product information, such as preferences, requests, or products you considered purchasing here is a list of categories of personal information we may collect automatically from you when you visit our website: mobile device information (e.g., model, operating system, device date and time, unique device identifiers, and network information) information about your visits to our website, such as ip address, referrals from other websites, cookie ids, browsing history, page visits, shopping patterns and behaviors, and search term history location information, such as geolocation information about how you engage with our emails, advertising, and social media inferences related to shopping patterns and behaviors how we collect information we collect information in different ways, depending on how you shop with us. we may collect it: directly from you or a member of your household; from your device; or from third parties. directly from you or a member of your household: you directly share information with us in a variety of ways, such as: making a purchase creating an account on our website signing up for our text messaging service or marketing and promotional communications asking us to identify or find an item for you providing your pattern preferences requesting customer service posting a review or comment on our website or social media accounts participating in a promotion or survey requesting an offer to purchase your items and/or selling them to us from your device: your device may use certain technologies that submit information to replacements. we use this information to make sure that our website is easy to use and to provide you with relevant and personalized information about our products and services. for example: web browsing information: technologies such as cookies, click stream information, session ids, tags, pixels, beacons, and mobile device identifiers collect information about your use of our website, other websites, and your interaction with advertisements and communications. these tools help us to simplify and customize your shopping experience and to enhance website usability and functionality. for instance, cookies enable us to help you place items in your shopping cart and save them for a later purchase, even if you close your browser. as another example, our customer referral program is provided through a third-party called mention me. we use mention me cookies on our website to help facilitate the program and make for the best possible experience. other technologies give insight into whether our marketing is interesting and relevant to you, such as if you open an email from us or click on an ad. sometimes, third parties use these technologies to collect information on our website for their own business purposes. using the “cookie preferences” button below, you can see that we categorize cookies as strictly necessary, functional, performance, and targeting. you can view the descriptions of each category by expanding the list. for instance, we categorize mention me cookies as strictly necessary because they enable the referral program to work properly on our website (e.g., to prevent you from seeing excessive offers to participate in the referral program or repeated transaction messages). device information: your mobile phone, tablet, pc, or other device may transmit information to us when you visit our website, including ip addresses, unique device identifiers, the address of other websites that referred you to our website, and information about how you navigated through our website during a browsing session. social media and other widgets: our website includes social media features, such as facebook, pinterest, and myregistry, that may collect browsing information about you using cookies or other tracking technologies. social media features and widgets are hosted by third parties and are subject to the privacy policies of the companies that provide them. geolocation information: if you enable your device to give location information, we may collect it. this information tells us approximately where your device is located, allowing us to decide the laws applicable in your area that may govern your interactions with us and to provide you with relevant options and information about those laws. we use a maxmind, inc. geoip database product. maxmind processes information in accordance with maxmind's privacy policy. analytics information: we use google analytics to learn more about how visitors use our online services. for more information about how google analytics uses and processes data, please visit https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners/, and to opt out, visit https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout. from third parties: we obtain your information from third parties, which helps us supplement our customer records, prevent, detect, or respond to fraud, and tailor our marketing communications. for example, we may receive device or browsing information from third parties that enables us to show you personalized advertisements on our website or third-party websites. how we use your information replacements uses your information to provide you items, services, and information, like processing payment information, shipping your orders, and resolving customer service issues. we also use your information to enhance other business functions, including protecting your data, preventing and identifying fraud, or delivering personalized ads and promotions. data analytics are also integral to the way our business runs. we may use your information to measure the way you shop on our website, how well our advertising campaigns perform, and whether and how you respond to those campaigns. in addition, depending on the context of your interactions with us, we may use the information we collect for a variety of purposes, including for example: for marketing and other business purposes: processing your orders, managing returns, and providing customer service sending information about your orders or our marketing and promotional communications communicating with you about selling to us, items you are interested in or would like us to find, or your pattern preferences carrying out tailored marketing, advertising, and promotional campaigns through emails, mobile messages, and social media messages and notifications delivering interest-based advertising improving customer relations and experiences identifying new visitors to our website and recognizing returning customers responding to requests for information about our products or services providing connections through our website to online registries and social media analyzing our business operations, including data analytics, sales projections, and systems improvement creating and maintaining your web account and customer information in our database auditing and reconciling buying and selling transactions protecting the security of our data systems to prevent fraud or data security incidents complying with legal obligations, such as assisting law enforcement and responding to legal or regulatory investigations for associating information across multiple devices: we may use data we collect to link your devices so that you have a similar and more relevant experience across those devices (e.g., your pc and mobile phone). for instance, if you are signed in to your replacements.com account on both devices, if you add an item to your cart on your laptop but leave the website without completing a purchase, that item may appear in your cart for purchase on your mobile device. for showing you relevant advertising online: replacements engages third-party companies to help show ads or promotions on replacements.com or other websites or in our communications with you that you may be interested in based on your previous shopping and browsing behavior and to provide marketing services, like research, reporting, attribution, ad delivery, and analytics. these companies use tracking technologies, such as cookies, pixels, or beacons, to collect information during your visits to replacements.com or other websites or services or when viewing or interacting with our communications to display ads that are tailored to your individual preferences instead of items you are not interested in. when you visit our website, those third parties with whom we work may use such technologies to collect personal information and other information about your online activities over time and across third-party websites or online services. the information collected may include click history, data regarding pages visited and ads clicked, browser type, time and date of website visit, device type, session id, and ip address. for example, we use liveintent to serve third-party ads in some of our emails. liveintent uses tracking technologies to collect information when you view and interact with the ads (for more information, you can review liveintent’s privacy policy at https://www.liveintent.com/services-privacy-policy/). if you click on or interact with a link to a third-party ad, the third party may collect, use, and share information about you.  this collection, use, and sharing is beyond our control and not governed by this privacy policy; it is governed by the privacy policies of the respective third parties, and we have no responsibility or liability for their privacy practices or policies. for use on social media: replacements may communicate with you through our social media channels, whether through direct messages, private messages, or on public forums. we may also show you ads through social media platforms that are tailored to be served to groups that have certain interests or demographics in common. how we share your information we may disclose the information we collect or receive about you: to our vendors replacements does not rent or sell your personal information in exchange for money, discount, or similar consideration. we share your personal information with third parties so that they can help us with our business (e.g., id authentication vendors, email services, mobile messaging services, data analytics providers, web hosts, payment processors, data enhancement services, and advertising and marketing providers). for example, when you input your payment information on our website, the details are sent to a third-party payment card processor that securely processes the payment and issues a token (we do not store your full payment card information). other service providers may include shipping vendors and cyber-security and data authentication vendors. to third parties for our marketing purposes as we described in detail above, we may share your personal information with third parties enabling or participating in targeted and cross-context behavioral advertising, or that provide other online tracking technologies used in connection with our advertising and marketing activities. these third parties may process your personal information to help us serve advertising campaigns and measure their reach and success. our goal is to continually improve your shopping experience by making it easier, more convenient, and relevant. generally, when we share information about our customers, it is combined information derived from many customers, and it is shared in a way that does not directly identify you by name. this is sometimes called "aggregated" personal information. we may share this type of information with other companies, such as data analytics firms, online advertising networks, and publishing companies, to help you receive pertinent information and services. for example, we may share the device or web browsing information discussed above to ensure the advertisements you see are relevant. this information does not directly tell third parties who you are, and replacements does not receive money, discount, or similar consideration for sharing it. in special circumstances we may disclose your personal information in special cases, such as when required by law, to comply with a regulation or investigation, judicial proceeding, court order, or legal process served on us, to enforce or apply applicable terms and conditions and other agreements, or to protect the rights, property, or safety of our company, our customers, or others. if some or all our business assets are sold or transferred, we may transfer the corresponding information regarding our customers. we also may retain a copy of that information. for other such purposes, and to other third parties, as you may authorize or direct from time to time. how you can make choices about your information you have choices about how we use your personal information. for example, see the options below for ways in which you may limit the information we collect about you or the ways in which you receive communications from us: mail: if you do not wish to receive quotes, catalogues, look books, or other printed promotional materials in the mail, you have the following options: log in to your replacements.com account (if you have one) and set your communication preferences, or call us at 1-800-replace email: if you do not wish to receive promotional emails from us, you have the following options: log in to your replacements.com account (if you have one) and set your communication preferences, or use the unsubscribe link include in each promotional email that you receive from us text messages: if you have consented to receive texts from us and no longer wish to receive them, you can reply to any text message with, "stop", "unsubscribe", "cancel", "end", or "quit". interest-based advertising: as discussed above, we engage third-party companies to provide you with advertising that we think you will be interested in and to try to give you an easy shopping experience. these third parties use tracking technologies to help us optimize when and where our ads are placed so that you do not see irrelevant information or too much of the same ad. there are groups of advertisers that allow customers to opt out of receiving interest-based ads from group members. please follow the links below to find out more about how to opt out: digital advertising alliance opt out network advertising initiative opt out please note that you will only be able to use this opt-out tool if you have cookies enabled on your web browser. your browser will have instructions and information on cookies and how to enable or disable them. opting out will only apply to your current web browser on your current device. if you use multiple devices or browsers, you must opt-out on each one. if you delete your cookies after opting out, you will need to opt-out again. most browsers will give you the ability to control cookies. instructions for blocking cookies on popular browsers can be found on the respective settings sections of the websites for internet explorer, chrome, firefox, safari, and microsoft edge. we do not currently respond to any web browser’s "do not track" signal or similar mechanisms. as described below, however, we have configured the website to process opt-out preference signals that may allow you to inform us of your desire to opt out of certain uses and disclosures of your personal information. you may also disable tracking cookies and web beacons used on replacements.com by clicking the button below and toggling off "targeting cookies". when you toggle off "targeting cookies", we will place a cookie on your browser to automatically prevent sharing of information when the browser visits our website. because a cookie is used, if you disable cookies on that browser, the request will no longer work. and because the cookies are browser-based, you will need to adjust cookie preferences on each browser that visits our website. cookie preferences some social media platforms that serve interest-based ads may also allow you to opt out of such ads by changing your ad preferences in the settings after you log in. you may also be able to control your ad preferences on your mobile device by adjusting its settings: ios devices: go to settings > privacy > advertising > turn on limit ad tracking android devices: go to google settings > ads > opt out of interest-based ads u.s. state privacy laws certain states have enacted consumer privacy laws that require additional privacy information to be shared with residents of those states. this section supplements the rest of our privacy policy by providing additional information and describing certain rights that apply only to these individuals. this section of the privacy policy applies to personal information subject to the requirements of the laws of these states that we collect through any means, including both online and offline methods. it does not apply to data, such as deidentified and aggregated consumer information, that is not subject to those laws. california notice at collection if you are a california resident, the section below titled "additional information for residents of california, colorado, connecticut, delaware, iowa, montana, nebraska, new hampshire, new jersey, oregon, texas, and virginia" of this privacy policy includes information that we provide pursuant to the california consumer privacy act of 2018 as amended from time to time ("ccpa"). that section includes information regarding the categories of information to be collected, the purposes for which the categories of information are collected or used, whether the information is sold or shared, and how long the information is retained. additional information for california, colorado, connecticut, delaware, iowa, montana, nebraska, new hampshire, new jersey, oregon, texas and virginia. this section only applies to you if you are a california, colorado, connecticut, delaware, iowa, montana, nebraska, new hampshire, new jersey, oregon, texas or virginia resident. personal information we collect and process we may have collected and processed the following categories of personal information regarding consumers within the last 12 months: identifiers such as your real name, postal address, and email address. unique and online identifiers such as device identifiers, internet protocol addresses, cookie identifiers, beacon identifiers, pixel tags or mobile ad identifiers or similar technology, or other forms of persistent or probabilistic identifiers that can be used to identify a particular consumer or device. commercial information that identifies or could reasonably be linked to you, such as products or services purchased, obtained, or considered, or other purchasing or consuming histories or tendencies. internet or other electronic network activity information identifies or could reasonably be linked to you, such as browsing history, search history and information regarding an individual’s interaction with an internet website, application, or advertisement. geolocation information, such as your general location as derived from your ip address. sensory data, such as audio, electronic, visual, or similar information. professional or employment-related information, such as your employer, title, job responsibilities, and work history. inferences drawn from personal information, such as person’s preferences, characteristics, psychological trends, predispositions, behavior, attitudes, intelligence, abilities, or aptitudes. personal information categories covered by the laws this section is intended to address, such as name, signature, address, email address, credit or debit card number (we do not have access to or store your full payment card information), or telephone number. some personal information included in this category may overlap with other categories. retention of your personal data we keep personal data for as long as required to fulfil the purposes for which it was collected. however, in some circumstances, we may retain personal data for other periods of time, for instance where we are required to do so in accordance with legal, tax, and accounting requirements, or if required to do so by a legal process, legal authority, or other governmental entity having authority to make the request, for so long as required. in specific circumstances, we may also retain your personal data for longer periods of time corresponding to a statute of limitation, so that we have an accurate record of your dealings with us in the event of any complaints or challenges. sources of personal information we may obtain the categories of personal information that we collect and process as indicated above from the following categories of sources. directly from you. for example, through the website or over the phone or in person when you come to our store. automatically and indirectly from you, such as through logging and analytics tools, cookies, pixel tags, and other automatic data collection, described in detail above. from third parties, such as other people acting on your behalf, our service providers, consumer data resellers, services that make user-generated content available to others, communications services, social networks and social media online services, affiliates, and other business partners. use, disclosure, and processing of personal information we may collect, use, or otherwise process the categories of personal information that we collect and process, as described above, for one or more of the business purposes and commercial purposes described in the "how we use your information" section above. de-identified information we may use, maintain, and otherwise process deidentified information. when using such deidentified information, we will keep it in a deidentified format, and we will not attempt to reidentify it unless we are permitted or required to do so under applicable law. personal information disclosures for business purposes we may disclose the categories of personal information that we collect and process as indicated above to the categories of third parties described in the "how we share your information" section above. in the preceding 12 months, we may have shared or disclosed the categories of personal information listed below to the categories of third parties identified below for a business purpose: identifiers-to our service providers and such third parties as you may authorize. unique and online identifiers-to our service providers and such third parties as you may authorize. commercial information—to our service providers and such third parties as you may authorize. internet or other electronic network activity information—to our service providers and such third parties as you may authorize. geolocation information—to our service providers, and such third parties as you may authorize. personal information categories covered by the laws this section is intended to address—to our service providers and such third parties as you may authorize. sharing and sales of personal information we do not disclose personal information to third parties in exchange for money, discount, or other consideration (e.g. a cash payment). however, some applicable laws define "sale" very broadly in a manner that includes disclosing personal information in exchange for other valuable consideration, and also regulate the "sharing" and use of personal information to third parties for targeted or cross-context behavioral advertising. under those laws, we may sell or share, and in the preceding 12 months may have sold to third parties, or shared with third parties for targeted or cross-context behavioral advertising, the following categories of personal information: unique and online identifiers such as device identifiers, internet protocol addresses, cookie identifiers, beacon identifiers, pixel tags or mobile ad identifiers or similar technology, or other forms of persistent or probabilistic identifiers that can be used to identify a particular consumer or device. commercial information that identifies or could reasonably be linked to you, such as products or services purchased, obtained, or considered, or other purchasing or consuming histories or tendencies. internet or other electronic network activity information identifies or could reasonably be linked to you, such as browsing history, search history and information regarding an individual’s interaction with an internet website, application, or advertisement. we may have sold or shared each of these categories of personal information with advertising partners that enable or participate in targeted and cross-context behavioral advertising, social media platforms, and analytics partners that help us collect information on how our website is used. personal information rights and choices if you are a california, colorado, connecticut, delaware, iowa, montana, nebraska, new hampshire, new jersey, oregon, texas or virginia resident, you may: request that we confirm that we process your personal information; ask us to provide you with details about what personal information we have collected; ask that we give you access to your personal information that we have collected; ask that we provide you a copy of your personal information in a portable and, to the extent technically feasible, readily usable format that allows you to transmit the data to another controller without hindrance; ask that we delete your personal information, subject to certain exceptions; ask us to correct personal information about you that is inaccurate; and ask that we stop selling your personal information or sharing it for targeted or cross-context behavioral advertising (we do not sell your personal information to third parties in exchange for money or a discount). if you are an oregon resident, you may ask us to provide you a list of specific third parties to which we have disclosed personal information by filling out the privacy web form. we will fulfill these requests to the extent we are able to and required by law. to verify your identity when making a request, we will ask for your: name state of residence email phone number mailing address requests to find out details about your personal information: you may ask us to give you these details about your personal information, including: categories of personal information that replacements collects about you the categories of sources of that information the business or commercial purpose for collecting or "selling" or "sharing" your personal information (for more, see requests to stop selling your personal information below) the categories of third parties with whom we have shared that information the specific pieces of personal information we collected about you the categories of personal information that we have "sold" or "shared" the categories of third parties to whom we have "sold" or "shared" your personal information a list of categories of personal information that we have disclosed for a business purpose. to make a request, you may fill out the privacy web form or call us at 1-800-replace. requests to access your personal information: you may ask us for a copy of the specific pieces of personal information that we have collected by filling out the privacy web form or call us at 1-800-replace. requests to delete your personal information: you may ask us to delete all your personal information that we have. we will also ask any service providers to delete your information. we may delete your information by de-identifying it and making it anonymous. deleting your personal information may affect your use of our website and/or other services. please note that we might need to keep certain information in certain situations, if permitted by law, like to complete purchases, prevent fraud, identify security incidents, fix errors, comply with laws and regulations, or for other internal purposes. to make a deletion request, fill out the privacy web form or call us at 1-800-replace. requests to opt out of targeted advertising or to stop selling or sharing your personal information: again, we do not sell your personal information for money, discount, or similar consideration. we do share it with third parties to fulfill your orders, such as processing your payments and shipping. we also use technologies like cookies to gain insight about how you use our website and emails to try to give you a better shopping experience. and we use marketing cookies and other technologies to provide you with advertising that is relevant to you when you browse other websites or social media and to measure the effectiveness of the ads. these marketing technologies allow us to collect and share information with our advertising partners that may show or provide ads for us. sometimes, our advertising partners may also use your information for their other business purposes. such transfers may be considered a "sale" or "sharing" of personal information under state privacy laws, even if we do not receive money or other payment in return. to opt out of the sale and/or sharing of personal information, including sharing of personal information for targeted advertising, first adjust your cookie preferences and toggle off "performance cookies" and "targeting cookies" using the button below. then, please fill out the privacy web form. cookie preferences when you toggle off "performance cookies" and "targeting cookies," we will place a cookie on your browser to automatically prevent sharing of this information when the browser or device visits our website. because a cookie is used, if you disable cookies on that browser or device, the opt out of sale request will no longer work. and because the cookies are browser and device-based, you will need to submit a separate opt out of sale request on each browser or device that visits our website. toggling off "performance cookies" and "targeting cookies" will disable the sharing of your information via tracking technologies used on our website. but to fully opt out of sales for personal information that may be shared by means other than tracking technologies, you will also need to fill out the form. we have also configured our website to process opt-out preference signals that may allow you to inform us of your desire to opt out of sales or sharing as described in the above paragraph. opt-out preference signals must be in a format commonly used and recognized by businesses and be delivered by a platform, technology, or mechanism that makes clear to consumers that the use of the signal is meant to have the effect of opting the consumer out of sales and sharing of personal information as described above. if you do not have a replacements account or are not logged into your replacements account, your opt-out preference signal will be linked to your browser identifier only and may not be linked to other personal information about you that we process that is not associated with your browser identifier, such as account information. if we receive an opt-out preference signal from you, we may offer you the option to provide additional information to help facilitate your opt-out request. we may also notify you if an opt-out preference signal we receive from you conflicts with your privacy settings or participation in certain programs we offer, and request your consent to sales or sharing of personal information or to affirm your intent to withdraw from any relevant programs. revoking your previously granted consent if we are processing your personal information pursuant to your previously granted consent, then you have the right to revoke your consent by contacting us at [email protected]. verifying your identity when you make a request we will ask you to provide your contact information so that we can make sure you are making the request and not a bot or unauthorized third party - we only want to share or delete your personal information if you or your authorized agent ask us. state privacy laws also require us to verify your identity or your authorized agent’s identity before fulfilling a request. we will not use your contact information for any other purpose. you may designate someone to submit requests and act on your behalf as an authorized agent. we may mandate additional requirements for requests submitted through an authorized agent, such as requiring you to verify your identity directly with us or to directly confirm the authorized agent’s permission to act on your behalf. if we cannot make sure you or your agent is making the request, we will not be able to complete your request to access or delete your personal information. we may contact you to obtain additional information. to appeal a decision regarding a request to exercise these rights, please describe the issue and request an appeal by responding directly to us regarding our decision, or by otherwise contacting us as described in the “contact” section below. we will not discriminate against you if you make a request if you make a request in accordance with your rights under california, colorado, connecticut, delaware, iowa, montana, nebraska, new hampshire, new jersey, oregon, texas or virginia law, we will not discriminate against you by refusing to sell you items, offering you poor service or lower-quality pieces, or charging higher prices. but if you ask us to delete or stop selling your personal information, it might impact the way you are able to interact with our site, and you may not be able to participate in certain services that require your personal information to work properly. general data protection regulation (gdpr) the general data protection regulation (gdpr) imposes additional requirements upon companies to strengthen the security around and enhance the protection of personal data of residents in the european economic area (eea), switzerland, and the united kingdom ("uk"). for such individuals, here are details about how we use your personal data that we process as a data "controller" under the gdpr. use of personal data our use of your personal data is justified on the following legal bases: the use of your personal data is necessary to perform a contract with you or take steps to enter into a contract at your request (i.e., because you have purchased something from us, sold to us, or requested information about your interests and/or our products and services); the use of your personal data is necessary for us to comply with a relevant legal obligation; the use of your personal data is in our legitimate interests, subject to your interests and fundamental rights, and notably our legitimate interest in using applicable data to conduct and develop our business activities; or you have consented to the use. we use the personal data we collect to: conduct and develop our business with you and with others; and fulfill the purposes set forth above in the how we use your information section of this privacy policy. other disclosures in accordance with our legal obligations, we may also transfer your personal data, subject to a lawful request, to public authorities for law enforcement or national security purposes, and also as set forth above in the "how we share your information" section of this privacy policy. additional disclosures or information about processing of personal information related to specific websites, mobile applications, products, services, or programs may be provided to you. these may supplement and/or clarify our privacy practices in specific circumstances and provide you with additional choices as to how we may process your personal information. cookie preferences you may, at any time, prevent the setting of cookies through our website by means of a corresponding setting of the internet browser used, and may thus permanently deny the setting of cookies. furthermore, already-set cookies may be deleted at any time via an internet browser or other software programs. this is possible in all popular internet browsers. if you deactivate the setting of cookies in the internet browser used, not all functions of our website may be entirely usable. if you wish to manage or disable cookies and web beacons, you may do so by clicking on the "cookie preferences" button below. cookie preferences security we maintain safeguards designed to protect the personal information collected through our website. the security of your personal information also depends on you. you should keep your access credentials confidential and make sure your devices and software are up-to-date to ensure the latest security measures are installed. retention of your personal data we keep personal data for as long as required to fulfil the purposes for which it was collected. however, in some circumstances, we may retain personal data for other periods of time, for instance where we are required to do so in accordance with legal, tax, and accounting requirements, or if required to do so by a legal process, legal authority, or other governmental entity having authority to make the request, for so long as required. in specific circumstances, we may also retain your personal data for longer periods of time corresponding to a statute of limitation, so that we have an accurate record of your dealings with us in the event of any complaints or challenges. your rights if you are located in the eea, uk, or switzerland, subject to applicable law, you may have some or all of the following rights available to you in respect of your personal data: to obtain a copy of your personal data together with information about how and on what basis that personal data is processed; to rectify inaccurate personal data (including the right to have incomplete personal data completed); to erase your personal data (in limited circumstances, such as where it is no longer necessary in relation to the purposes for which it was collected or processed); to restrict processing of your personal data under certain circumstances; to port your data in machine-readable format to a third party (or to you) when we justify our processing on the basis of your consent or the performance of a contract with you; to withdraw your consent to our processing of your personal data (where that processing is based on your consent); and to obtain, or see a copy of the appropriate safeguards under which your personal data is transferred to a third country or international organization. in addition to the above rights, you may, subject to applicable law, have the right to object, on grounds relating to your particular situation, at any time to any processing of your personal data for which we have justified on the basis of a legitimate interest, including profiling (as opposed to your consent) or to perform a contract with you. you may, subject to applicable law, also have the right to object at any time to any processing of your personal data for direct marketing purposes, including profiling for marketing purposes. you may, subject to applicable law, also have the right to lodge a complaint with your local supervisory authority for data protection. in relation to all of these rights, please contact us at [email protected]. please note that we may request proof of identity, and we reserve the right to charge a fee where permitted by law, especially if your request is manifestly unfounded or excessive. we will endeavor to respond to your request within all applicable timeframes. children we do not knowingly collect, store, share or use the personal data of children under 16 years. if you are under the age of 16 years, please do not provide any personal data, even if prompted by us to do so. if you are under the age of 16 years and you have provided personal data, please ask your parent(s) or guardian(s) to notify us and we will delete all such personal data. contact replacements, ltd.attn: legal departmentpo box 26029greensboro, nc 27420-6029 [email protected] your consent by using our website, you signify your consent to the privacy policy of replacements, ltd. and to the collection and use of your personal information as described herein. please check this page regularly. if we post an updated privacy policy, we will update the effective date at the top of this privacy policy, and you agree to the terms of the posted privacy policy by your continued use of our website or further interactions or transactions with replacements. error an error occurred try again cancel sort & filter results clear allapply help & info contact us return policy shipping & handling gift cards our company why us frequently asked questions in the news careers blog shop iviepageliving.com services pattern identification help find this for me restoration and repair sell to us gift registry designer program my account follow us my account blog shop iviepageliving.com terms & conditions | site map | privacy policy | ca privacy rights | do not sell or share my information © 2025 replacements, ltd. all rights reserved. 1089 knox road mcleansville, nc 27301, usa search with photo what kind of piece are you identifying? china-dinnerware crystal-glassware silver-flatware collectibles < choose another category take a photo use photo library choose a photo or drag it into the box click and drag the handles to the desired position to crop this image before submitting. submit for best results: use plate front solid background don't use backstamps tablesetting for best results: use entire piece solid background don't use partial piece tablesetting for best results: use entire piece solid background don't use backstamps tablesetting for best results: use front side solid background don't use bottom / back in box top