来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20241231082124/https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/store/b/education
================================================================================

microsoft education store: student discounts & deals (windows, surface, laptops & more) trace id is missing translate to english you are shopping microsoft store in: {0} are you looking for microsoft store in: {0}? stay in {0} go to {0} sign me up thank you! stay informed about special deals, the latest products, events and more from microsoft store. email address (required) location (required) argentina australia austria belgium brazil canada chile colombia czech republic denmark finland france germany hungary india ireland israel italy japan luxembourg mexico netherlands new zealand norway poland portugal singapore south africa south korea spain sweden turkey switzerland united kingdom united states i would like information, tips, and offers about microsoft store and other microsoft products and services. privacy statement . by clicking sign up, i agree that i would like to hear from microsoft and its family of companies about microsoft store and other microsoft products and services. to withdraw consent or manage your contact preferences, visit the promotional communications manager. privacy statement . sign up you’re now signed up to receive microsoft store emails. thank you! skip to main content microsoft microsoft 365 teams copilot windows surface xbox deals small business support more all microsoft global microsoft 365 teams copilot windows surface xbox deals small business support software software windows apps ai outlook onedrive microsoft teams onenote microsoft edge skype pcs & devices pcs & devices computers shop xbox accessories vr & mixed reality certified refurbished trade-in for cash entertainment entertainment xbox game pass ultimate pc game pass xbox games pc and windows games movies & tv business business microsoft cloud microsoft security dynamics 365 microsoft 365 for business microsoft power platform windows 365 microsoft industry small business developer & it developer & it azure microsoft developer documentation microsoft learn microsoft tech community azure marketplace appsource visual studio other other microsoft rewards free downloads & security education gift cards licensing unlocked stories view sitemap search search microsoft.com no results cancel 0 cart 0 items in shopping cart sign in free returns through jan 31, 2025. shop deals tech essentials for students and teachers. sign into your microsoft account and get the best price at checkout.* deals surface accessories xbox trade-in surface laptop go 3 ultraportable design to help you breeze through work and play from anywhere shop surface laptop go 3 students & teachers get microsoft teams for free learn how students and teachers from k-12 to collegiate level can use teams for free with an eligible active school email. learn about microsoft teams complete peace of mind get accidental damage protection from drops, spills, and cracked screens. if something goes wrong you’re covered – simple as that. learn about microsoft complete get office 365 education for free students and teachers can study smarter with microsoft teams, word, excel, powerpoint, and onenote on all their devices. get started college students take 50% off microsoft 365 personal* get the apps, security and storage you need to accomplish your goals. only $2.99/month why buy from microsoft store learn about these benefits 60-day price match get it now, pay later microsoft complete free 60-day returns frequently asked questions expand all | collapse all where can i find back-to-school laptop deals? find the right laptop for high school, college, or post-grad study at pc deals. you’ll find back-to-school savings on laptops from your favorite brands, including acer, asus, hp, and more–all loaded with windows 10 or windows 11. should i get a laptop or tablet for college? whether you get a laptop or tablet for college depends on your major, the activities you will do with the device, and how much power you need for tasks. for simple word processing, many online classes and casual internet browsing, tablets are perfect. laptops, on the other hand, tend to offer more power for resource-heavy processes, like photo and video editing or particular programming languages. to get the best of both worlds, consider a 2-in-1 device like microsoft surface. what tech accessories do i need for the school year? the types of tech accessories you need for the school year will depend upon which devices you own. if the device you are outfitting is a tablet, a keyboard can help you comfortably type while on the go. tech accessories like headphones or wi-fi routers can help you focus during study sessions and stay connected. the back-to-school season is a great time to stock up on accessories as deals on tech accessories for laptop, tablets, and desktop computers are available right now. another great place to shop is pc accessories – here you’ll find even more monitors, cables, adapters, and devices certified for teams. does microsoft offer student discounts? yes, microsoft offers an education discount available to k-12 and higher education students, faculty, and parents. the education discount is only valid on select products, and may not be combinable with other offers. offer excludes digital games; digital apps; in-app content and subscriptions; movies; tv shows and associated content; office software and apps; windows 10; xbox consoles, games, and accessories; products that have been personalized or customized; gift cards; and services/subscriptions (e.g., skype, xbox live). learn more about surface devices for students, teachers and military. how can i check if i’m eligible for student discounts? check your eligibility here. what products are excluded from student discounts? the following products are ineligible for microsoft’s student discount: digital games, digital apps, in-app content and subscriptions, movies, tv shows, and associated content office software and apps, including microsoft 365 windows 11 and windows 10 xbox consoles, games, and accessories products that have been personalized or customized gift cards and services/subscriptions (e.g., skype, xbox live) which laptops are eligible for the college student discount? select surface devices, student laptops, and pc accessories are eligible for the 10% microsoft student discount. learn about the college student discount terms and conditions. what email address do i use to check eligibility? to check your eligibility for the microsoft student discount, please use the email associated with your personal microsoft account. a microsoft account is an email address and password that you use with outlook.com, hotmail, office, onedrive, skype, xbox, and windows. please do not use your work or school account to check eligibility. can i use student discounts with other promotions? no—student discounts are not combinable with other promotions. if there’s another promotion, the deeper discount will be applied. i’m a parent shopping for my child. which email address should i use? student discounts are also available to parents; use your personal microsoft account to check eligibility. how much does office cost for students? students and educators at eligible institutions can sign up for office 365 education for free, including word, excel, powerpoint, onenote, and now microsoft teams, plus additional classroom tools. use your valid school email address to get started today. who is eligible for a microsoft student discount? the education discount is available to k-12 and higher education students, faculty, and parents. are 2-in-1 laptops worth it for college students? microsoft surface 2-in-1 laptops and tablets can be excellent options for college students who want to learn, work, play, and create, all on one device. need help choosing the right device for you? take a 2-minute quiz to get help narrowing down which surface fits your needs and discover which surface devices are eligible for our college student discount. can i use the student discount to purchase a pc as a gift for someone graduating high school or college? our student computer and laptop discounts are available to k-12 and higher education students, faculty, and parents. parents who want to gift their graduate a computer or laptop for school can check their eligibility using the e-mail associated with their personal microsoft account. if a gift giver discovers that they aren’t eligible for the student discount, additional pc deals are available at microsoft store deals. can educators get microsoft office for free? yes, you must have a school-specific email address provided by the school (for example, contoso.edu) that can receive external email, be of legal age to sign up for an online offer individually, and have interest access which laptop is best for college students? every student is different and various factors including budget, major, and extracurricular interests will affect how you decide which laptop, pc, or tablet is right for you. book a free shopping appointment to meet with one of our product experts, who can help you find the best laptop for your university experience what’s the microsoft student discount? what products does it apply to? use the microsoft student discount to get 10% off select physical products, including select surface devices, as well as select pcs and pc accessories. the offer excludes digital games; digital apps; in-app content and subscriptions; movies; tv shows and associated content; office software and apps; windows 10; xbox consoles, games, and accessories; products that have been personalized or customized; gift cards; and services/subscriptions (e.g., skype, xbox live). how do i know if my student discount has already been applied? the best price available—your student discount or the sale price—will be the price you pay. is there student pricing for surface or microsoft 365? you can use the microsoft student discount to purchase select surface laptops and 2-in-1s. check with your school or educational institution to find out how to get microsoft 365 free for students, faculty and staff, and teachers. students can get office 365 for free through the microsoft site—just input your school email address to get started. why buy from microsoft store we offer free shipping, free returns, and cash for eligible used devices, as well as multiple ways to pay. plus, if we lower our price on a physical product within 60 days from delivery, we’ll honor a one-time price adjustment.​ learn about these benefits 60-day price protection if we drop the price of a physical product or you find it lower at an eligible retailer within 60 days, we'll match it. learn about price protection get it now, pay later flexible payment options help you pay how you want, at the microsoft store. learn about multiple ways to pay microsoft complete protect your device against accidents for up to 4 years. shop smarter with microsoft complete and get technical support, as well. learn more free 2-3 day shipping get 2–3 day shipping at no cost, no minimum amount. learn more about shipping discounts: supplies limited. actual savings depends on product availability. flexible payments: with approval of citizens pay line of credit at 0% apr and 12- or 18-month term. subject to individual credit approval. see the citizens pay line of credit agreement for full terms and conditions. citizens pay line of credit account offered by citizens bank, n.a.​ price protection: microsoft store price adjustment: valid on purchases of qualifying new or refurbished consumer and commercial physical products made at microsoft store and microsoft experience centers in select markets for 60 days from the date product is received. eligible retailer price adjustment: valid on purchases of qualifying new consumer physical products from microsoft store and microsoft experience centers in select markets for 60 days from the date product is received. excludes commercial and refurbished products. an eligible retailer price adjustment cannot be requested at time of purchase. microsoft reserves the right to verify an eligible retailer’s advertised price and availability of the product. the product sold by the eligible retailer must be identical to the product sold by microsoft and must be in stock for purchase at the eligible retailer at the reduced price. exclusions apply. both price adjustments: price adjustment must be requested within 60 days after the customer receives the product and cannot be completed at time of purchase. customer is eligible only if the product is in stock for purchase at microsoft store or a microsoft experience center. customer must contact microsoft to request the adjustment. for purchases from microsoft store, contact microsoft store sales and support with your microsoft account information and any other information requested by a representative. for purchases from a microsoft experience center, you must return to the location with your receipt. limit 1 price adjustment total per product. excludes surface hub, hololens, and windows devkit. see microsoft store price protection for full terms and full list of eligible retailers ​returns: available with eligible physical products purchased from microsoft store online and microsoft experience centers in select markets. return process must be started within 60 days after customer receives the product. limit 5 product returns per eligible customer purchase. excludes surface hub, hololens, and windows devkit. applicable return policy applies. for purchases made at microsoft store, see applicable microsoft terms of sale for more information. for purchases made at a microsoft experience center, see receipt for more information. microsoft reserves the right to modify or discontinue offers at any time.​ ​trade-in: available only through the microsoft store online in the united states (including puerto rico). offer valid for reimbursements after trade in of qualifying devices (pc, laptop, mobile phone, tablet, video game console). recycled devices are not eligible for cash back. to be eligible for trade in, you must own the qualifying device, device must power on, battery must hold charge and not be required to be plugged in to operate, and be in fully functional, working condition without broken/missing components, cracked display/housing, liquid damage, modification(s) or have device warranty seal broken. device cannot be password protected, and must include original chargers/accessories, and must contain hard drive. customer must mail in the qualifying trade-in device to be eligible for the reimbursements. all trade-ins are final. cannot be transferred or otherwise redeemed for cash or gift cards, or credit towards other devices or products. may not be combined with other offers. microsoft reserves the right to modify or discontinue offers at any time. other exclusions and limits may apply.​ ​microsoft reserves the right to modify or discontinue offers at any time. * student & military discount terms and conditions education discount available to k-12 and higher education students, faculty, and parents. military discount available to active, former and retired military members, and their families. education or military discount only valid on select products, and may not be combinable with other offers. false representations of eligibility voids this offer, and microsoft reserves the right to collect the full price of product(s) ordered. bulk orders not valid and may be cancelled. number of products per purchase may be subject to limitations. personal use only. public entities, government entities, nonprofit organizations, educational institutions, enterprise purchasers, and business purchasers do not qualify. offers exclude: digital games, digital apps, in-app content and subscriptions, movies, tv shows, and associated content office software & apps windows 11 and windows 10 xbox consoles, games, and accessories products that have been personalized or customized gift cards and services/subscriptions (e.g., skype, xbox live) available only on microsoft online store in [united states (including puerto rico)]. not valid on prior orders or purchases; cannot be transferred or otherwise redeemed for cash or promo code(s). refunds will take into account the discount. price discount does not include taxes, shipping or other fees. void where prohibited or restricted by law. microsoft reserves the right to modify or discontinue the terms of these offers at any time. other exclusions and limits may apply. you must be enrolled at a title iv accredited college or university in the united states and verify your enrollment. a credit card is required to sign up, and you’ll be charged each month until you cancel. your student status must be reverified every 12 months to maintain discounted pricing. if you’re no longer eligible, or don’t reverify your student status, your subscription price will increase to the then-current full monthly price. student pricing may be discontinued or changed at any time. you will be notified prior to any price changes. back to top what's new surface pro surface laptop surface laptop studio 2 surface laptop go 3 microsoft copilot ai in windows explore microsoft products windows 11 apps microsoft store account profile download center microsoft store support returns order tracking certified refurbished microsoft store promise flexible payments education microsoft in education devices for education microsoft teams for education microsoft 365 education how to buy for your school educator training and development deals for students and parents azure for students business microsoft cloud microsoft security dynamics 365 microsoft 365 microsoft power platform microsoft teams microsoft 365 copilot small business developer & it azure microsoft developer documentation microsoft learn microsoft tech community azure marketplace appsource visual studio company careers about microsoft company news privacy at microsoft investors diversity and inclusion accessibility sustainability english (united states) your privacy choices opt-out icon your privacy choices your privacy choices opt-out icon your privacy choices consumer health privacy sitemap contact microsoft privacy manage cookies terms of use trademarks safety & eco recycling about our ads © microsoft 2024