来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20121219170117/http://www.diamondnexus.com/customer-service-faqs.html
================================================================================

frequently asked questions javascript seem to be disabled in your browser. you must have javascript enabled in your browser to utilize the functionality of this website. our hours: monday-friday 8am-9pm cst saturday-sunday 9am-5pm cst 1.800.509.4990 live chat! (open during call center hours) sign in        my account        checkout video center learning center customer service money back guarantee custom jewelry retail locations where are you located and what is your contact information? our mailing address is:diamond nexus5050 west ashland wayfranklin, wi 53132united statesto reach our customer care center, call toll free: 1.800.509.4990 or e-mail us at customerservice@diamondnexus.com where are your retail stores? diamond nexus currently has two retail locations: our flagship store at woodfield mall in suburban chicago, illinois, and a second store at mayfair mall in milwaukee, wisconsin. for complete information including directions and a virtual tour, click here. > click here to learn more about the diamond nexus woodfield mall store > click here to see what people say about diamond nexus on yelp what if i want to ask questions over the phone or by e-mail before i order? you may call our customer care center at 1.800.509.4990 monday-friday from 8am to 9pm u.s. central time and 9am to 5pm saturday-sunday to speak to a customer service representative, or send us an e-mail at customerservice@diamondnexus.com.  you will be greeted cordially on the phone or by e-mail by someone who can answer your questions. if you are not comfortable with ordering on-line, you can order over the phone with a customer service representative. customer service representatives are here to answer your questions and offer pertinent information.they are not sales people.  you will not be subjected to up-selling, cross-selling, or pushed into ordering. your time will not be wasted by having to listen to any sales pitches or suggestive selling tactics.  they are only interested in helping you and making you as happy as possible. what if i want to check on a pending order i already placed on your website or over the phone? you can e-mail customerservice@diamondnexus.com, or check with a customer service representative via livechat instant messaging on our website, monday through friday from 10am to 6pm. what forms of payment do you accept? we accept visa, mastercard, discover, and american express.  we also accept paypal, money orders, or cashier's checks.  in addition, cash is accepted at our store locations. how do i order by mail with cashier's check or money order? send your order to:attention: diamond nexus -- mail order5050 west ashland wayfranklin, wi 53132united states include payment, your contact/shipping information, and a note indicating the items you are ordering and which options you want as they are shown on our website. (gold color, carat weight, etcetera.) also be sure to tell us which shipping option you want: us & canada standard shipping - $8 additionalus 2nd day air - $20 additionalus overnight shipping - $35 additionalcanada express - $60 additionalinternational standard shipping - $50 additionalinternational shipping express - $80 additionalplease bear in mind that, in some cases, overnight or express shipping may not be possible.  kindly refer to our customer care center with inquiries. how do i clean my diamond nexus jewelry? for our diamond simulant jewelry, regular jewelry cleaning solution or even just mild soapy water will work fine.  just make sure you rinse the jewelry thoroughly and pat it dry to prevent residue spots.  cleaning pearls and silver may call for a little more attention to the solution you're using, since there are some chemicals that pearls and silver don't get along with.  for more detailed information, click here to check out our jewelry care page. i keep hearing about your "triple guarantee."  what is that? diamond nexus offers three guarantees for all of our stock items, ordered from our website or over the phone: the diamond nexus money-back guarantee: inspect, enjoy, and wear your diamond nexus jewelry for 30 days. if you are not thoroughly satisfied, for any reason, your full merchandise purchase price will be refunded.  if you love your piece but need a resizing, we will do it for free. the diamond nexus lifetime performance guarantee: no need to ever be concerned about defects. if any diamond nexus stone ever fades, discolors, or becomes damaged, a free replacement will be granted. the diamond nexus lifetime free gemstone replacement guarantee: if your diamond nexus gemstone ever comes loose or is lost from its mounting, send it back to us and we will replace it with only a nominal re-mounting fee. you need not ever buy insurance for loss of your diamond nexus gemstones. > click here to learn how diamond nexus earned an "a" rating with the better business bureau which of your items are returnable? all stock jewelry items, (meaning any item available on the website,) precious metal upgrades, and products purchased from the dreambook are fully returnable within 30 days of when you receive them.  if you purchase a ring with an interchangeable head, (also called a “peg head,”) you also have 30 days to make any alterations you’d like to the gemstone size and/or cut. what about non-returnable items? only gift cards and the dreambook itself are non-returnable. items purchased through our e-steals and other "closeout" sales are not returnable. really?  what about custom orders or engraved jewelry? even full custom orders are returnable, but do come with a 20% design fee and the original cad fee (if applicable) is not refundable. alternatively, you could elect to take 100% store credit. most engraved jewelry may be returned, but engraving fees are non-refundable and returned engraved jewelry is subject to a $15 re-polishing fee. some restrictions may apply. how does diamond nexus determine its pricing? there are four factors to consider when pricing jewelry: stones, precious metals, design art/engineering, and artisanship.  essentially, this boils down to materials and labor.  a ring with elaborate filigree workmanship but a relatively small stone may cost more than a simple ring with a much larger stone, because it took much more work to create it.  two rings with the same fundamental design and the same size stones can be priced differently because one may contain more precious metal than the other, or may be more difficult to cast. why are diamond nexus stones so much less expensive than other lab-created precious jewels? we offer our products at the most reasonable prices we can.  unfortunately, we can’t explain other companies’ pricing because we don’t have any information about their internal costs or structure. what are diamond nexus lab-created stones made out of, and how are they different from natural diamonds? mined diamonds are a crystalline substance made out of carbon. diamond nexus gemstones are a crystalline substance that is very complexly engineered and chemically different from a mined diamond; they contain carbon, but very little of it. optically (how they look) and physically (how hard they are, how they wear and last, etc) they are nearly identical to mined diamond and no one in the world can tell them apart visually by eye alone, but the chemistry is completely different. the question we ask our customers to consider is if you want to pay thousands of dollars for chemistry. why can’t you make your stones with just carbon? actually we can, however, currently the cost of making white (clear) diamonds in the lab in sizes larger than a half carat exceeds the cost of mining them by a pretty substantial margin. trust us; we are working on the problem. we do currently sell pure carbon man-made diamonds, but only in a canary yellow color. they are priced at less then half the cost of a canary colored mined diamond. i heard that diamond nexus stones are just regular cz.  are they? no, actually they’re not. sorry to get a little technical here, but there’s no way around it: common cz generally contains two elements. zirconium and yttrium. while a diamond nexus also contains zirconium, it also contains hafnium, gadolinium, cobalt and other elements. the elements in a diamond nexus are tremendously more expensive then the elements is a cz. this results in a stone that is harder, tougher and significantly heavier then a cz. in fact, the easiest way to differentiate a diamond nexus gemstone from a cz is simply by weighing it. the diamond nexus stone is approximately 20% heavier for an equal size stone. (dn mark iv and mark v) this material is then coated in a patent applied for material which contains al203 corundum and other elements to a thickness of approximately one micron (dn mark v stones. dn mark iv, 120 +/- nanometers). this coating is bonded to the substrate on the molecular level and will never wear off in normal use. the coating significantly lowers the porosity of the stone and renders it nearly impervious to any degradation. the coating also brings the optical properties of the stone almost perfectly in line with mined diamond. so, while the manufacturing process of a diamond nexus shares some of the same manufacturing process of cz, there are many more steps, elements and treatments involved in a diamond nexus simulant.  the result is a different stone with different, better properties. so diamond nexus gemstones are not cz.  what makes them better? cz’s have three problems. first, their optical properties are not spot-on to a diamond. they have a bit higher refractive index, and that’s why they can appear “glassy”. the second problem is that they are considerably softer than a diamond and so they tend to wear, especially where the planes of the facets meet. as the facets wear the stone can lose its sparkle. and third, cz’s are quite porous, and they tend to absorb elements in their environment such as smoke, hand lotion, or even just natural oils from your fingers. this will, over time, make the stone appear cloudy or discolored. a diamond nexus gemstone solves these problems. first, the core material is heavier, harder and tougher (technically, has a higher tensile strength) then cz. it will easily last for generations of normal wear. next, the patent applied for al203 coating renders the stone highly non-porous, non-reactive, and impervious to things in its environment; it will never degrade as a cz will. the coating also brings the refractive index almost perfectly in line with a mined diamond and gives a diamond nexus the near exact look of a perfect, flawless diamond. > click here to see why miss universe wears diamond nexus why does my diamond nexus look brighter than my friend's diamond? the average diamond sold in america today is a “j” color, si-2 clarity stone. the diamond industry calls this “near colorless” but the reality is that it’s quite off color when compared to a high-quality “d” color diamond. all diamond nexus stones are perfect “d” color and “if” clarity (internally flawless) many people have never seen a diamond of this quality, and so a diamond nexus which has these qualities can look different then the average diamond. a diamond nexus looks exactly like a very expensive high-quality diamond, which means it may look a little different - cleaner, whiter and brighter - from the average poor-quality diamond sold today. why do you talk so much about ethics and environmental consciousness? the diamond industry is extremely notorious for its practices, not only in business but also in production.  aside from worldwide market manipulation, the diamond cartel has been tangled up in issues of slavery, mutilation, terrorism, and genocide for decades.  even legitimate diamond mining operations are responsible for massive deforestation, pollution, destruction of wildlife, and hazardous working conditions leading to the suffering and death of hundreds to thousands of workers.  we believe that diamond simulants are more than an affordable alternative to the hype that the cartel has worked up for its own benefit; we believe they may be a key factor in ending the cycle of violence, devastation, and murder.to learn more about the effects of the diamond cartel and conflict diamonds, we recommend glitter & greed: the secret world of the diamond cartel by janine roberts. where can i learn more about diamond nexus? > click here to visit the diamond nexus wikipedia page > click here to visit the diamond nexus facebook page > click here to follow diamond nexus on twitter > click here to follow the diamond nexus linkedin page > click here to follow the diamond nexus blog > click here to watch the diamond nexus youtube channel shop engagement shop engagement / wedding shop valentine's engagement rings view all new styles dreambook catalog main ring categories 10k value line classic solitaires simply accented solitaires three stone rings multi-stone rings ornate styles vintage collections platinum collection artisan carved bridge band celebrity looks for less colored center stone designer euro style halo petite collection split band twisted band clearance rings women's wedding bands eternity matching stand alone men's wedding bands 14k titanium tungsten shop all jewelry shop all jewelry shop valentine's new products gifting ideas engagement / wedding clearance rings dreambook catalog custom jewelry loose stones earrings necklaces / pendants bracelets pearls affordable lorián platinum sterling silver & topaz colored stone jewelry ladies' rings matched sets chains watches men's jewelry customer service contact us live chat learn more customer feedback our service rating our triple guarantee product presentation retail locations custom jewelry jewelry care faqs orders / shipping / returns my order history usa shipping canada shipping international shipping returns exchanges trade-up policy services order a free catalog ring sizer appraisals engraving sizing & repairs gemstone setting view digital catalogs engagement guide product catalog custom catalog free catalog by mail request yours today! connect with us: sign-up for our special email offers: submit free catalog by mail request yours today! about us| contact us| customer feedback| privacy policy| faqs diamond nexus facebook| diamond nexus twitter| diamond nexus youtube| diamond nexus blog © 2013 diamond nexus div. lautrec corp. all rights reserved * required fields *email address *getting engaged within a year? please select... yes no *i'm looking to purchase a ring please select... now within a month within 3 months within 6 months within a year *the ring i am looking for is please select... a simple solitaire a three stone ornate vintage custom designed not sure *gender please select... male female submitting, please wait... thank you! you are entered into our monthly drawing!