来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20150927100002/http://www.diamondnexus.com/blog/
================================================================================

blog javascript seems to be disabled in your browser. you must have javascript enabled in your browser to utilize the functionality of this website. my account free ups 2nd day air 30 day free returns sign in account wish list shopping cart: 0 items $0.00 live chat (800) 509-4990 weekdays 8am-9pm, weekends 9am-5pm (cst) engagement view all engagement engagement ringswedding bandsclearance engagement ringstrellis collectionloose stonespure carbon stonesjewelryview all jewelryearringsnecklace, pendants, and chainsbracelets and watchesright hand and fashion ringsbridesmaids collectionmen's jewelryclearance jewelrygiftsview all giftstop 25 giftsgifts $100 and undergifts $250 and undergifts $500 and undershop all giftsdesign studioproduct infoview all product infothe service we providethe stones we usethe jewelry we makethe metals we craftcustomer serviceview all customer servicecustomer reviewsfinancing optionsabout usview all about usproduct infocustomer servicecompare our stoneshow our stones are madeblog engagement engagement our stunning engagement rings are sure to please any style. engagement rings wedding bands trellis collection loose stones pure carbon stones clearance engagement rings more about our engagement rings... engagement ring shopping guide compare our stones our craftsmanship jewelry jewelry from simple settings to statement pieces, ideal for any collection. earrings necklaces, pendants & chains bracelets & watches right hand / fashion rings bridesmaids collection men's jewelry gifts gifts the greatest gifts for any occasion at unbelievably affordable prices! top 25 gifts bridesmaids collection clearance jewelry shop all gifts $100 & under $250 & under $500 & under design studio design studio expert jewelry designers creating one-of-a-kind, custom jewelry pieces. why design your own jewelry how to create a custom piece about the nexus design studio get a free custom quote product info product info we provide education to help you make the best possible decision. the service we provide the stones we use the jewelry we make the metals we craft customer service customer service if you've got questions, we've got answers! we help you from start to finish. contact us lifetime stone guarantee 30 day free returns free shipping everything's covered plan search: search search: search black friday preview sale ends oct 23 • learn more black friday preview sale • ends oct 23  learn more home / blog sort by created at added by set descending direction 1-5 of 112 show 5 page: 1 2 3 4 5 next katie and nathaniel interview 8/11/2015 3:30 pm here we have another awesome interview with a very happy nexus design studio (nds) couple. their beautiful ring capped off a two year courtship between these two lovebirds. check out the full story and the interview below. read more 1 comments | posted in customer stories by josh averbeck how to stack your wedding bands 7/10/2015 12:06 pm a major wedding ring trend of 2015 isn’t about the engagement ring; it’s all about the bands! women are stacking multiple wedding bands of all cuts, settings and metal colors. read more tags: stackedbands weddingbands engagementring rosegold yellowgold 0 comments | posted in engagement rings by jaclyn leibham michael & leah's story 6/19/2015 2:59 pm we were so happy to have the opportunity to interview michael. he recently proposed to his fiance leah with a custom ring created by the nexus design studio (nds). in the interview we discussed how they met, how he proposed and the ring they purchased. we wanted to share their heart-warming story with everyone. so without further delay, meet michael and leah (yes, that's a picture of them) question 1: how did you meet? leah and i met while attending ball state university. she walked into class and i thought she was the most beautiful girl i had ever seen. during that class we ended up getting paired together for the final project in the class. we bonded instantly and became great friends. it wasn’t till a few years later that we actually went out on our first date. we played a round of mini-golf and as leah will tell you we became super competitive after the first few holes. at the end when we tallied up our scores it ended up being a perfect tie! since then we have had many adventures; some of our highlights include leah supporting my military career. leah has become a top notch nurse that practices sports medicine while working towards her nurse anesthetist degree. our biggest adventure though has to be our move from the midwest to d.c. we couldn’t have come out here alone, and together we have supported and pushed each other to new heights as we continue to grow and share our love for each other. question 2: how long have you been together? since september of 2009. question 3: would you please tell us your proposal story? i was ready to propose to leah after i graduated from army basic training but we weren’t there yet, and i was still new to this whole engagement ring business. that summer while pouring over endless sights about engagement rings i stumbled on to diamond nexus and their design your dream ring contest. there were only a few days left and i began my first journey to design what i thought would be leah’s engagement ring. for the better, i didn’t win the contest but i was left with a great feeling about dn. plus i learned so much about the dn process i ended up telling leah about it. she was thrilled with the idea of lab grown diamond and the thought that her diamonds could be conflict free. after looking though a dn book of rings and circling all the ones she liked, she said that she wanted a dn ring. once i had the final ring in my hand a year or so later i found out that our wedding photographer was going to be in d.c. visiting with friends and family. the photographer agreed to take pictures of leah and i but i told both the photographer and leah it was just going to be “pre-engagement” pictures. i also told leah that we could just photoshop her ring on her finger later and no one would know. that didn’t go over too well. after contacting and researching a ton of places around d.c. i found the grounds of gunston hall, george mason’s home. on an early saturday morning we got up before the sun rose, picked up our photographer and drove to gunston hall. as the sun was rising, we began to take pictures in our best out fits. leah would later tell me that she checked my pockets and when she didn’t find anything she ended up giving up hope that that morning would be the big morning and she got into the swing of pictures. little did she know that i had the ring box stashed away in my boot! as we took our final pictures with our nice clothing, i told leah to wait a minute. i said that something was wrong with the boot i was wearing. as i messed with the zipper to pull out the box she ended up turning around and i got on one knee as she turned back to face me. it was then, as the morning sun shined on us, that i asked leah if she would marry me. of course she said yes! question 4: how was your overall experience with the nexus design studio? nds has been fantastic! from day one they worked hard to bring my creative thoughts to life with their magical skills! i can’t say enough of how great everyone is and the friendly, yet professional experience. they worked with me to bring all my imaginative ideas to life through phone conversations and countless messages on the design boards. the team at nds was so amazing that leah and i wanted to return back to them to design a matching men’s wedding band to leah’s engagement ring. we also worked with the nds to design leah’s wedding band to match the golden roses on her engagement ring so that her diamonds would look like they are sitting in a bed of roses. in the future we plan on getting the other side of her ring surrounded by roses as well when we renew our vows. question 5: where did the inspiration for this design come from? leah and i have always joked and told everyone that we are like beauty and the beast. she loves to read books and can finish a few hundred pages a night if she really gets into it! she also has worked as an official disney princess in indiana as belle, and the kids always think she is a real life princess! of course much of the design came from listening to what leah told me she wanted in her dream ring over the course of a few years (she knows the years and months that we shopped for rings before i proposed to her down to the day). the most important things to her were an oval stone shape, a halo of some kind, and lots of detailed work. while the halo didn’t make it into the final design it will grow with the golden roses as our love grows much of the design came from me staying up late after leah was asleep and sketching detailed designs that i wanted to have meaning. everything on her ring has a meaning which has been copied over to the wedding bands. on the engagement ring there are two golden roses that symbolize her and i, from them two stems of our lives grow and wrap around each other as our lives have and will continually do so. the dots are for all our many adventures and life experiences we share with each other. under the diamonds are tiny rainbow archways that let the light into her stones so they can match her beauty. the rainbow archways are also there to remind her of family that have passed before us and how they will always work to brighten up her day just by looking at her ring. lastly we have her stones, which i’ll be honest; to me leah is the most beautiful woman i have ever met and will ever meet! we have always told each other that we are only getting married once and divorce would never be an option. with that in mind i wanted to go big! as in go big or go home! as i find leah to be the best out of all the fish in the sea i wanted her ring to be uniquely hers because i had caught the best! some of the first words out of her mouth after she said yes and we stopped tearing up so much was “it’s so big!” question 6: did we meet all of your expectations from design image to finished design? nds went far above any and all my expectations! so far in fact that any jewelry that i get for leah will be from dn. it’s the best out there and there is no better. in an age where we are trying to be our own couple dn helps me make leah feel special every day because nowhere else in the world is there a ring like hers and there never will be again. we are a one of a kind couple and now we have the rings to prove it! 3 comments | posted in customer stories by josh averbeck how to pick the perfect enagement ring metal type 6/17/2015 1:17 am choosing a metal type for your engagement ring isn’t a simple or quick decision. it is important that you choose one that best suits your style and skin, as well as your life-style. trends my come and go but your engagement ring is forever!read more tags: engagement rings diamonds metaltypes rosegold diamond 0 comments | posted in engagement rings by jaclyn leibham top 5 men's band trends 5/27/2015 1:13 pm gents, if your wedding day is approaching, then it is probably time for you to go ring shopping once again. most of you are probably dreading the idea of wearing a ring because its not masculine to wear jewelry, but thankfully there are some awesome men’s wedding band trends that will make you feel as rugged or b.a. as john wayne.read more tags: mensbands weddingbands trending 2015 0 comments | posted by jaclyn leibham sort by created at added by set descending direction 1-5 of 112 show 5 page: 1 2 3 4 5 next blog recent posts katie and nathaniel interview how to stack your wedding bands michael & leah's story how to pick the perfect enagement ring metal type top 5 men's band trends bridal makeup trends for 2015 quick and easy jewelry cleaning tips best bridal trends for spring 2016 4 trending engagement rings styles for 2015 5 wedding expenses you need to know about categories news engagement rings couples and dating fashion and celebrities to all future brides customer stories faq free catalog order now connect with us  follow us for news, trends and fun! 2004-2015 diamond nexus div. lautrec corp. all rights reserved. | privacy policy join the club! subscribe for exclusive offers about us product info customer service compare our stones how our stones are made our blog free catalog latest trends ring buying guide company info order now! connect with us follow us for news, trends, and fun! connect with us  follow us for news, trends and fun! 2004-2015 diamond nexus div. lautrec corp. all rights reserved. | privacy policy magento blog extension by aheadworks