来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20231231134425/https://www.diamondnexus.com/learn/customer-service/
================================================================================

customer service - diamond nexus 1/18/2024, 7:45:59 am---buildkey__0462374127__0462374127 up to 70% off sitewide | shop now buy now | pay later | 0% financing free shipping & 45 day free returns up to 70% off sitewide | shop now skip to main content free us shipping 30 day free returns win a shopping spree help center 1-800-509-4990 account sign in new arrivals engagement rings shop all engagement now up to 70% off shop by style solitaire accented three stone halo hidden halo shop by shape round princess oval cushion emerald pear asscher marquise heart shop by metal white gold yellow gold rose gold platinum shop by stone lab grown diamond nexus diamond™ alternative moissanite gemstone featured gift guide best sellers new arrivals clearance custom design wedding rings shop all wedding rings now up to 70% off shop by style wedding rings accented rings classic rings anniversary rings eternity rings nesting & stacking shop by metal white gold yellow gold rose gold platinum mens rings plain metal rings accented rings mixed metal titanium tungsten shop by stone lab grown diamond nexus diamond™ alternative moissanite gemstone featured gift guide best sellers new arrivals the wedding shop clearance custom design jewelry shop all jewelry now up to 70% off shop by type earrings pendants & necklaces bracelets right hand rings stacking rings promise rings shop by style stud earrings tennis bracelets solitaire necklaces hoop earrings shop by shape round princess cushion fancy shapes shop by metal white gold yellow gold rose gold silver shop by stone lab grown diamond nexus diamond™ alternative moissanite featured gift guide davids bridal colored gemstones initial pendants the wedding shop new arrivals best sellers jewelry cleaner clearance custom design gifts vip extras . . . education & service learn about us our guarantees customer reviews blog our stones lab grown diamonds nexus diamond™ alternative moissanite gemstones service 30 day free returns free shipping lifetime warranty stone guarantees extended protection plan financing options contact 1-800-509-4990 live chat hours: mon-fri 7am-9pm ct | holiday & weekends: 8am-4pm ct search favorites sign in account 1-800-509-4990 search discount applied! home / customer service customer service menu lifetime stone guarantee free lifetime manufacturing warranty onsite jeweler services extend™ jewelry protection free shipping & delivery instructions 30 day free returns conflict-free manufacturing retail locations call: 1-800-509-4990 hours: hours: mon-fri | 7am-9pm ct holiday & weekends: 8am-4pm ct live chat lifetime stone guarantee we are so confident in our patented technology and heirloom quality of our nexus diamond™ alternative that we guarantee our stones for life! with normal wear and proper care, your nexus diamond alternative will not chip, crack or discolor. if there is ever a problem with your nexus diamond alternative, we’ll replace the stone for free. period. sourcing only the finest quality moissanite comes with its advantages! rest assured your moissanite stones will not only last a lifetime, they will also maintain their superior brilliance, fire and sparkle! should any issue arise with your white or colored moissanite gemstones, we’ll simply replace them for free. forever. we are proud to offer our customers the highest quality lab grown diamonds on the market! our lab grown diamonds will perform identically to mined diamonds, and with proper care, will last many lifetimes. to protect your lab diamonds and jewelry from accidental damage and loss, we highly recommend purchasing an extend protection plan (kindly review details in the extend section below). if your stones are in need of repair, you may request a return merchandise authorization for jeweler services through your my account dashboard. some limitations apply. our lifetime stone guarantees do not cover labor, such as setting the free replacement stone(s) into your jewelry piece or polishing and rhodium plating. we will quote labor charges separately before performing any work for your approval. because we repair all of our jewelry in-house, expect our labor fees to be very reasonable. guarantees do not include lost or missing stones or other color gemstones. of course, we’re happy to replace a lost or missing stone or color gemstone at a reduced cost for both the stone(s) and labor. any repair or service performed by a jeweler other than diamond nexus voids all stone guarantees. warranty of jewelry metal and components are covered separately and described in the free lifetime manufacturing warranty section below. free lifetime manufacturing warranty we take pride in the quality and craftsmanship of our jewelry and offer a free lifetime warranty against manufacturing defects. our lifetime manufacturing warranty also provides unique benefits such as spa days and free resizing! for the lifetime of your ring, if there is a manufacturing defect with your setting, we will repair or replace your ring free of charge. any damage caused by accidents or normal wear and tear can be repaired for a nominal fee. your two free spa days include a thorough inspection of your jewelry along with a deep cleaning, polishing and rhodium plating (white gold only). spa days also include free shipping both ways within the u.s. and canada. you may take advantage of your spa days at your discretion within the first year! we offer one complimentary resizing within one year of the purchase date for our standard ring styles sizes 4-10. all of our rings are offered or may be resized to non-standard sizes for an additional fee. clearance items are excluded. some limitations apply. please note that all fine jewelry may be affected by normal or excessive wear, especially for rings, since they tend to incur the most wear and tear. our manufacturing warranty excludes coverage for wear and tear, loss of gemstones, product loss, or theft. warranty excludes damage or loss caused by a failure to obtain the repairs required to preserve the integrity of the jewelry. warranty is void if another jeweler works on the item. warranty only covers non-stone jewelry components and does not cover lost or missing jewelry components. if components are missing, repairs may incur a cost for replacement. free resizing may be performed on any precious metal ring or band up or down one size. size adjustments greater than one size may incur an additional charge. non-precious metal such as tungsten and titanium cannot be resized, but may be replaced for the correct size and may incur an additional charge; please contact us for assistance. clearance items are excluded from warranty. for additional jewelry coverage and enhanced benefits not covered by this warranty, please consider purchasing an extend protection plan, described below. onsite jeweler services our staff of experienced jewelers can complete any necessary repairs or maintenance to keep your jewelry looking perfect! if your jewelry requires cleaning, sizing, polishing, tightening, prong repair, rhodium plating, or other repair services, simply log into your my account to submit a return merchandise authorization request. once approved, customers in the us and canada will be provided a shipping label and packing slip to send their jewelry in for service. once received, we will perform an evaluation and full inspection of your jewelry. if a warranty issue is found, of course, we will repair the warranty damage or replace the item without charge. for repairs that are not covered under our lifetime warranties, we will issue a quote for your approval before any work is performed. we are happy to work directly with your insurance company to process a claim on your behalf. extend™ jewelry protection for enhanced jewelry protection and other benefits, we highly suggest adding an extend protection plan to your purchase. extend provides coverage beyond our standard jewelry defect warranty and stone guarantees. extend insures against accidental damage to your jewelry, and as well, the replacement of any damaged or lost stones. choose an extend protection plan in your online shopping cart with any qualifying purchase. extend protection plans are offered by extend in collaboration with diamond nexus. for more protection plan details or to file a claim, please click here free shipping & delivery instructions all u.s. orders over $100 usd are shipped free with no signature required. contact customer care for expedited shipping options. members of the military at an apo or fpo will enjoy free shipping, always. if you’re an international customer, shipping charges will be determined at checkout. duties, taxes, and fees are due upon delivery to the shipping carrier. if you want to check on your order status simply click here. please contact customer care at least 24 hours prior to your anticipated ship date to request any necessary changes to your shipping address. we are unable to change shipping addresses after your package has left our facility. please be aware that diamond nexus is not responsible for delays caused by shipping carriers. while we strive to work with reliable and efficient carriers, factors such as weather conditions, logistical challenges, and unforeseen circumstances can impact the delivery schedule. 30 day free returns *in order to alleviate the stress of valentines day gifting, customers who place orders between january 15th, 2023 and january 29th, 2023 will be granted a 45 day free returns window. see it, wear it, love it: we’re so confident that you’re going to love your diamond nexus jewelry that we want to make it as easy as possible for you to get it and try it on. if you decide not to keep your jewelry, you can return your item within 30 days for an exchange or to receive a full refund. you may initiate a return merchandise authorization (rma) request through your my account dashboard by clicking here. once approved, customers in the us and canada will be provided a shipping label and a packing slip. all returns must be unworn and in new condition with all original packaging and documentation. for returns with missing items, there will be a minimum $25 charge. please note: returns must be postmarked within 30 days of receiving your order. clearance and closeout items are non-refundable, unless the product arrives damaged or defective. there may be a restocking fee associated with returns of semi-custom and custom pieces. additional fees due to shipping upgrades are non-refundable. diamond nexus is not responsible for lost or stolen items. international orders, clearance and select other items are not covered under our normal returns and guarantees policy. conflict-free manufacturing our gemstones are better for the environment because they are not mined and are created by conflict-free manufacturing processes. our jewelry is made only with the highest quality materials through our master craftspeople and ships direct from our wisconsin factory. retail locations to reduce our carbon footprint and provide the maximum cost savings to our customers, we are solely an e-commerce entity. while we do not have any physical stores, we do offer a generous return policy. see above for details. my order is “processing” now what? you are on your way to receiving an amazing piece of jewelry! your order will remain in a “processing” status until it is shipped. once your order is ready for shipment, you will receive tracking information and your order will moved to a “completed” status. your tracking information is typically sent via email after 5 p.m. on your anticipated shipping date. prices are subject to change as part of our commitment to our customers, we always seek to offer the best possible price. if your purchase is offered at a lower price within 30 days of the date you receive it, our customer care team is happy to offer a price adjustment. from time to time, we adjust prices in response to changing precious metal and gemstone market prices. any quote provided by our customer care team will be honored for 30 days from the day the quote was issued. that’s not all, we do more! we have a full custom design studio that can modify any existing piece or create something entirely new. to schedule a time to speak with one of our design consultants,  click here! we can add a heartfelt engraving to most of our rings. need a piece in time for a special event? give our customer care team a call for a list of in-stock and ready-to-ship options! do you have a piece of jewelry that’s missing stones or could use a restoration? our team of jewelers can set any diamond nexus alternative, moissanite, or lab-grown stone in your personal setting. diamond nexus is not responsible for lost or stolen items. please ensure your jewelry is properly insured before sending your items to us. contact us chat call contact us 5050 w ashland way franklin, wi 53132 usa 1-800-509-4990 hours: mon-fri | 7am-9pm ct holiday & weekends: 8am-4pm ct live chat learn assistance nexus diamond™ alternatives the forever guarantee our quality promise help center finance blog our companies forever companies 12fifteen diamonds forever artisans diamond nexus social win a shopping spree this site is protected by recaptcha and the google privacy policy and terms of service apply. a forever company. 2024 all rights reserved | privacy policy win a $2,500shopping spree!enter our monthly contest for a chance to win a diamond nexus shopping spree.enter to wina $2,500 diamond nexus shopping spree. email address to get exclusive offers and early access to new arrivals & clearance specials, sign up for text messaging today. enter to win official contest rules privacy policy by submitting this form with a phone number, you agree to receive recurring automated promotional and personalized marketing text messages (e.g. cart reminders) from diamond nexus at the cell number used when signing up. consent is not a condition of any purchase. reply help for help and stop to cancel. msg frequency varies. msg & data rates may apply. view terms, privacy & giveaway terms error sign up for exclusive vip offers! first name last name relationship status — please select — single in a relationship engaged married i don’t like labels what type(s) of jewelry are you shopping for? engagement ring wedding band men’s rings earrings bracelets necklaces & pendants just browsing what is your budget? — please select — 0 – $500 $500 – $1,000 $1,000 – $2,000 $2,000 – $5,000 $5,000+ what is your age range? — please select — under 18 18 – 24 25 – 34 35 – 44 45 – 54 55 – 64 65+ what best describes where you live? — please select — urban suburban rural gender optional male female no thanks thank you!we’ve got some exclusive offers in store for you, but in the meantime, check out what’s new and trending. shop new arrivals error chat with us