来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20131231030350/http://www.shutterfly.com/help/privacy.jsp
================================================================================

shutterfly | privacy policy wedding invitations and stationery for every step of the planning process. personalized greeting cards that really stand out. premium cards and stationery for all life's occasions. where your photos come to life in photo books, cards and gifts. sign in | sign up my shutterfly my pictures share storytelling store | go help help |  privacy policy shutterfly online privacy and security last updated: september 17, 2012 shutterfly and its family of companies, tiny prints, wedding paper divas, and treat, take your privacy seriously. please read the following to learn more about our privacy policy. in addition, if you send email invitations to friends or family to allow them to view your pictures, or if you participate in shutterfly’s share service, those email addresses are personal information. also, your shutterfly, tiny prints, wedding paper divas and treat accounts include an address book, which you can use to store such email addresses, and those emails are personal information. our online privacy and security is organized as follows: 1. information collected 2. cookies 3. authorized third parties 4. use of information 5. information sharing with third parties 6. opting out of information sharing 7. children’s information 8. access to your account information and preferences 9. confidentiality and security 10. third party sites 11. your california privacy rights 12. class action waiver 13. questions and suggestions 1. information collected we collect personal information when you register with shutterfly, tiny prints, wedding paper divas, and/or treat, and when you use any of our products or services. personal information is any information about you that is personally identifiable like your name, address, email address or phone number, facebook connect sign-in information (if applicable), and any other information that is not otherwise publicly available. if you order products or pay for services, we will need your shipping address, billing name and address, as well as the credit card number and expiration date. you may access and use the sites solely for your personal, noncommercial use. except as expressly authorized hereunder, the sites may not be reproduced, duplicated, copied, sold, resold, visited, reverse-engineered or otherwise exploited for any commercial purpose without shutterfly’s prior written authorization. we reserve the right to alter or discontinue the sites, in whole or in part, at any time in shutterfly’s sole discretion. 2. cookies like many websites, we use cookies to collect anonymous visitor information. cookies are alphanumeric identifiers that we transfer to your computer’s hard drive through your web browser. they make it possible for us to store the contents of your shopping cart until you are ready to check out, recognize your browser when you visit and provide you with information about products that interest you. by doing this, we can personalize your return visits and save you time during checkout. it is possible to prevent cookies from being used in your browser by turning the feature off, but in order to enjoy the benefits of being a registered user, your browser must be set to accept cookies. 3. authorized third parties we use a third-party service provider to serve ads on our behalf across the internet and sometimes on this site. they may collect anonymous information about your visits to our website and your interaction with our products and services. they may also use information about your visits to this and other websites to target advertisements for goods and services. this anonymous information is collected through the use of a pixel tag, which is industry standard technology used by most major websites. no personally identifiable information is collected or used in this process. they do not know the name, phone number, address, email address or any personally identifying information about the user. the nai (network advertising initiative) allows for the central opting out of all of its members’ cookies from a single opt-out page. if you prefer not to receive relevant advertising, please click on the following link: http://www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp. if you delete your cookies, use a different browser or buy a new computer, you will need to renew your opt-out choice. we also work with a third party to monitor certain pages of our website for the purpose of reporting website traffic and other advertising statistics. where authorized by us, this third party may use cookies and/or other monitoring technologies to compile anonymous statistics about our website visitors. no personally identifiable information is transferred to this third party. 4. use of information we use your personal information for the following general purposes: to fulfill your requests for products and services, administrative purposes, to improve our services, to customize the advertising and content you see, to contact you, and for internal business purposes. we use third party personal information you provide to us solely to provide services you specifically request. for example, sharing your pictures electronically through shutterfly’s share service is one of the key benefits we offer. shutterfly’s share service includes both shutterfly’s general share service, which allows you to send others a one-time email to view photos, as well as our service that allows you to create a special website and invite recipients to participate in that website (collectively, the “share service”). our share service allows you to send an email invitation to your selected recipients, and then to allow them to view, save, or purchase products from your pictures. this invitation email would contain a web link created specifically for your pictures. the email also may include information about special promotional offers from shutterfly and/or carefully-screened third parties. if you create a special website through shutterfly to share your pictures, you may invite recipients to participate in the website you have created. in addition to the invitation email, these recipients will receive notifications in the form of email digests as changes are made to the website (e.g., when new content is added). as the creator of the website, you can determine the frequency of these email digests. in addition, any recipient who is a shutterfly member can change how often he or she wishes to receive these digests through his or her account preferences. if you use our “tell a friend” program to refer shutterfly or any of our family of websites to your friends, we will use their email addresses to send your invitation. please be assured that we do not use the email addresses that you enter through our share service, our “tell a friend” program, or the address books of any of our websites to send any type of direct marketing to your friends and family. (of course, if a friend or family member signs up with shutterfly or any of our family of companies or we receive their email address from another unrelated source, we may communicate with them in accordance with this privacy policy. we would not use any of the personal information from your address book or share emails to do so, however.) your shutterfly, tiny prints, wedding paper divas, and/or treat accounts also contain a calendar where you can store birthdays, anniversaries, and other key dates and details about friends and family. you can use this information to help keep in touch with friends and family on important dates. shutterfly, tiny prints, wedding paper divas, and/or treat may send you email reminders of the personalized dates you have entered in this calendar. reminder information is highly confidential and will not be shared with any third parties. when you add personal messages to your greeting cards for treat, it is secured by treat. for order fulfillment, an order-processing representative may view your message. once again, third parties are not allowed to use this information. we use anonymous information, such as that pertaining to web pages you’ve viewed, in order to analyze trends, track user’s movements, provide a better website experience and gather broad demographic information for aggregate use. we do not use this data in a manner that would identify you personally. see “authorized third parties.” 5. information sharing with third parties from time to time we share the personal information we collect with trusted companies who work with or on behalf of shutterfly and its family of companies. we may share personal information between our family of companies. we may also combine personal information with publicly available information and information we receive from or cross-reference with our partners. these companies may use your personal information to enhance and personalize your shopping experience with us, to communicate with you about products and events that may be of interest to you and for other promotional purposes. information sharing allows us to introduce new resources based on your interests and needs. with that in mind, when you purchase an item, your customer information may be shared with other select companies whose products and services you may find useful and those select companies will handle, store, retain, use, share and access personal information in accordance with their own privacy policies, and shutterfly and its family of companies disclaims any and all liability relating thereto. if you would prefer that we do not share your personal information with such third parties for their direct marketing purposes, you may submit an opt-out request as described in the section, “opting out of information sharing”. every now and then, shutterfly, tiny prints, wedding paper divas, and/or treat will invite customers to take part in surveys, promotions, contests and sweepstakes. the information we collect from these surveys, promotions, contests and sweepstakes may be matched with individual customer accounts and used by shutterfly and its family of companies to improve your overall customer experience, and may be shared with select third parties. if you log in through facebook connect, information you provide to us may be shared with facebook. 6. opting out of information sharing we understand and respect that not all customers may want to allow us to share information with other select companies. if you do not want shutterfly, tiny prints, wedding paper divas and/or treat to share your customer information, please immediately email us at the email on the contact us pages of any of our brands, or change the preferences of your account at shutterfly.com, tinyprints.com, weddingpaperdivas.com and/or treat.com, and we will remove your name from lists we share with other companies as soon as reasonably practicable. when contacting us, please clearly state your request, including your name, mailing address, email address and phone number. however, under the following circumstances, we may still be required to share your personal information: if we respond to subpoenas, court orders or legal process, or if we need to establish or exercise our legal rights or defend against legal claims; if we believe it is necessary to share information in order to investigate, prevent or take action regarding illegal activities, suspected fraud, situations involving potential threats to the physical safety of any person, violations of the shutterfly terms of use or as otherwise required by law. restrict or inhibit any other user from using the sites, including, without limitation, by means of “hacking” or defacing any portion of the sites; if we transfer information about you in the event that shutterfly or any of its family of companies, is acquired by, reorganized or merged with another company, you will have the opportunity to ask not to receive promotional information following any such event. 7. children’s information we do not target our websites to children, and we will not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children without obtaining prior verifiable parental consent. if we become aware that a subscriber is under the age of 13 and has registered without prior verifiable parental consent, we will remove their personally identifiable information from our files. 8. access to your account information and preferences you have the right and ability to edit your member account information on any of your websites, including your marketing preferences, at any time. you can opt in or out of receiving future communications of special offers and new product information, or you can unsubscribe by following instructions contained in the messages you receive. we do reserve the right to send you certain communications relating to the services shutterfly, tiny prints, wedding paper divas and treat provide, such as service announcements and administrative messages, that are considered part of your account membership. we do not offer you the opportunity to opt-out of receiving those messages. 9. confidentiality and security we use a secure server (ssl) to encrypt all of your personal information. we also have other physical, electronic and procedural safeguards that comply with federal regulations to protect the security and confidentiality of the personal information we have collected, and to prevent unauthorized access to or disclosure of any of your personal information. 10. third party sites our websites may contain links to other websites for news and other information. our privacy policy only applies to all of the websites of the shutterfly family, and we are not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of other websites which are linked to or integrated with the websites of the shutterfly family. you should check the privacy policies of those sites before providing your personal information to them. see our terms and conditions for additional information. 11. your california privacy rights california civil code section 1798.83, also known as s.b. 27, allows individual customers who have provided their personal information to us to request information about our disclosures of certain categories of personal information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes. such requests must be submitted to us in one of the following ways: send a letter to legal, shutterfly, 2800 bridge parkway redwood city, ca 94065 or at the various ways of contact as described in the contact us pages of our brands. within thirty days of receiving such a request, we will provide a list of the categories of personal information disclosed to third parties for third party direct marketing purposes during the immediately preceding year, along with the names and addresses of those third parties. this request may be made no more than once per calendar year. we reserve our right not to respond to requests submitted to locations other than those specified above. 12. class action waiver any dispute resolution proceedings, whether in arbitration or court, will be conducted only on an individual basis and not in a class or representative action or as a named or unnamed member in a class, consolidated, representative or private attorney general legal action. your access and continued use of our sites signifies your explicit consent to this waiver. 13. questions and suggestions if you have questions about this privacy policy, you can contact us at the number or email address on the contact us page. go to top help center topics order status how to order adding pictures pictures & prints shutterfly store your account sharing pictures online viewing pictures enhancing pictures shutterfly policies get help customer service order status site map contact us photo upload tools mobile tools and tv about shutterfly learn more satisfaction guarantee pricing terms privacy policy gift certificates our photo products photo books cards & stationery prints & posters calendars photo gifts free photo sharing businesses business solutions professional photographers affiliate program sports team websites volume discounts corporate about us careers press center investor relations partners & advertisers © 1999-2012 shutterfly, inc. all rights reserved. 1/15/13 6:02 am app222