来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20191231141402/http://www.shutterfly.com/ideas/christmas-card-wording/
================================================================================

christmas greetings wording: what to write in a christmas card holiday cards & stationary photo books cards prints calendars gifts wall art & décor kids wedding offers ideas new! photo books photo books about photo bookslearn more >make my book® servicewe'll design your booklearn more >create by occasionfamilytravelnew wedding albumsbabyeverydayyearbooksall occasions > create by size or type 8x8 8x11 10x10 12x12 11x14 premium books all sizes > unlimited free pages code: unlimited go to my saved projects > new! cards & stationery cards christmas christmas cards premium christmas cards personalized foil cards glitter christmas cards gatefold christmas cards religious christmas cards see all christmas > holiday holiday cards holiday party invitations christmas address labels vintage christmas cards customize your own greeting tiny prints holiday collection see all holiday > baby birth announcements baby's first christmas cards baby thank you cards baby shower invitations baptism invitations baby's 1st birthday invitations see all baby > the wedding shopsave the dateswedding invitationswedding day stationerywedding party invitationswedding thank you cardswedding rsvp cardsvisit the wedding shop >save up to 50% on cards & stationerylearn more > introducing our new holiday collectionshop all christmas cards >seasonalthanksgiving cardshanukkah cardsnew year's cardstarjetas de navidadchristmas thank you cardscreate your ownsee all seasonal >stationeryaddress labelsthank you cardspersonalized stationeryself-inking rubber stampspersonalized postagenotepadssee all stationery > celebrationsbirthday invitationsmoving announcementsgraduation announcementsgraduation invitationsfirst communion invitationswedding anniversary invitationssee all invitations >new personalized foil colorsshop now > new! prints prints prints & postersprintslarge format printscollage poster printsnew premium posterspremium cardstock art printsmetallic art printspick up your printslearn more >prints savings plansprepaid 4x6 plansannual print planprepaid portrait plan canvas prints shop canvas prints > prints for pennies code: scarygood learn more > new! calendars calendars wall calendarsshop wall calendars >easel calendarsshop easel calendars >desk calendarsshop desk calendars > more calendarscalendar postercalendar magnetcalendar mouse padnew monthly planneradvent calendarshop all calendars >bulk calendar plansave up to 50% on calendarslearn more > new! gifts gifts customer favoritesmugs - new designscanvas printsdesktop plaquesfleece blanketspersonalized story booksornaments - new designssee all customer favorites >new arrivalsacrylic tumblers with strawcustom socksadult hoodieskids hoodieswireless phone chargerswireless mousesee all new arrivals >holiday gift guideornaments - new designsstockingssanta sacksfleece blanketspillowscandlessee all holiday gifts> drinkwaretravel mugswine tumblersceramic mugsnew stainless steel water bottlesnew photo wine glassesnew photo pint glassessee all drinkware>save up to 50% on giftslearn more > gifts by recipient gifts for grandparents gifts for dad gifts for mom gifts for kids gifts for pets gifts for pet lovers see all gifts by recipient> gifts for him beer steins stainless steel travel mugs metal prints playing cards new business card holders growlers see all gifts for him > gifts for her jewelry ceramic tiles new photo wristlets keepsake boxes tea towels new sterling silver charm bracelets see all gifts for her> gifts under $25cotton tote bagskey chainswine glassesnew phone card holderseasel back canvasart printssee all gifts under $25>make your child the starshop personalized story books > new! wall art & décor wall art & décor the canvas shopcanvas printsframed canvas printseasel back canvashanging canvas printsphoto spread canvas printslarge size canvas printssee all canvas >wall artframed printsmounted wall artmetal printsacrylic printsframed art printswood wall artsee all wall art >customer favoritespillowsfleece blanketsdesktop plaquesornaments - new designspersonalized framesglass printssee all customer favorites > tabletop framesnew tabletop canvas printseasel back canvasceramic tilesnew slate plaquesdesktop plaquesnew double wooden printssee all tabletop frames >save up to 50% on home decorlearn more > home officenew desk caddiesnew pen & pencil holderspaperweightsnew desk name platesmousepadsnew monthly plannerssee all home office >new arrivalsphoto clip framesceramic bowlswind chimesdouble wooden printskitchen matswall crossessee all new arrivals >tabletopmugs - new designspot holdersceramic coasterstrivets - new stylestea towelsplatessee all tabletop > holiday head startornaments - new designsstockingsadvent calendarscandlesnew neoprene wine totesanta sackssee all holiday decor >display favorite momentsshop now > new! kids kids new arrivalsmaskskids hoodiesbindersclipboardsmini basketball hoopsbaby blanketssee all new arrivals>toys & gamesbean bagsteddy bearscapesnew maskspuzzlesmemory gamessee all toys & games >school gearbackpackslunch boxesfolderspencilspencil caseslaptop casessee all school gear > personalized story bookspaw patrol and my race day rescue!my jungle adventureit's my birthdaysweet dreamsif my dog could talksee all story books >new reading adventures await!shop now> meal timeapronsplatescupsplacematsnew step stoolssee all kids tableware >on-the-godrawstring backpacksovernight bagsnotebooksluggage tagstowelskey chainssee all kids travel>decornight lightsfleece blanketsname plaquesart printspillowsbean bagssee all kids room > top gifts for kidspersonalized story booksnew kids hoodiesteddy bearsapronsnight lightscapessee all kids gifts >unique for your super heroshop masks> new! wedding wedding wedding invitationsfree sample kitrustic styleclassic stylevintage stylemodern stylewhimsical styleshop all wedding invitations >wedding suiteswedding invitationsdavid's bridal collectionthank you cardsresponse cardsenclosure cardspersonalized postageshop all wedding suites >save the datesmagnetsflat stationery cardsaffordable cardswedding paper divasfoil-stamped cardsnon-photo designsshop all save the dates > party invitationsbridal showerrehearsal dinnerengagement partyanniversary partybachelorette partyshop all party invitations >free sample kitorder today > premium wedding collection shop now > keepsakes & gifts wedding albums framed art prints canvas prints shadow boxes magnets ornaments shop all keepsakes & gifts > wedding day guestbooks programs place cards new napkins gift tags & stickers menus shop all wedding day décor > couples' stationerythank you cardsaddress labelswedding announcementspersonalized stationerymoving announcementswedding anniversary invitationsshop all wedding stationery >new wedding albumslearn more > new! offers offers save up to 50% on gifts shop gifts > save up to 50% on cards & stationery shop cards & stationery > unlimited free photo book pages code: unlimited shop photo books > save up to 50% on home decor shop home decor > prints for pennies code: scarygood shop prints > new! ideas ideas featured articlesalternative christmas card ideasholiday gift finderholiday card wordingchristmas photo ideashow to hang and arrange photosview all ideas & inspiration >baby ideasbaby shower themesbirth announcement wordingbaby shower invitation wordingbaby shower messagesall baby ideas >wedding ideaswedding invitation wordingsave the date guidewedding color ideaswedding photo book ideasall wedding ideas > home decor ideasfamily photo wall ideascanvas size ideashow to decorate a wallphoto wall ideasall home decor ideas >coupons & special offerslearn more > 7/30/19 free shipping on orders $39+* code: ship39 ship39 40all_defaultends sun, nov 3 7/30/19 up to 50% off everything + unlimited free pages* code: unlimited unlimited no code needed7/30/19free shipping on orders $39+*|code: ship39 ship39 40all_default ideas holiday christmas father’s day halloween mother’s day photo photo book yearbook wedding bridal shower engagement family baby baby shower home decor living room bedroom dining room kitchen bathroom gifts graduation birthday contributors shop ideas > holiday > christmas > christmas greetings wording: what to write in a christmas card etiquette christmas greetings wording: what to write in a christmas card written by shutterflylast updated: sep 23, 2019there are plenty of important holiday to-do’s like taking a family christmas photo and getting all your shopping done. for that reason, we know just how easy it is to lose track of holiday tasks like your annual christmas card. this season, we’re here to help you get your christmas cards signed, sealed, and delivered.  our guide will help you craft the perfect christmas card wording for everyone on your list. after all, the last thing you want to worry about is what to write in your christmas card. jump to a specific section to find the perfect christmas card wording and messages: what to write in a christmas card classic christmas card messages funny christmas card messages religious christmas card greetings business christmas card greetings christmas card quotes christmas messages for friends christmas messages for family messages for co-worker messages for boss crafting the perfect message isn’t time-consuming when you plan ahead. holiday sentiments will not only warm the hearts of your recipients but also let the special people in your life know that you’re thinking of them. whether you’re writing a christmas card greeting for close friends, family, or your associates, the best way to spread holiday cheer is by sending custom christmas cards. what to write in a christmas card: holiday greetings wording it’s not always easy to put your feelings into words or sum up the memorable year that your family had. we have you covered with everything you need to know about what to write in a christmas card to jumpstart your writing. follow the steps below to create the perfect christmas card sayings for your holiday greetings: 1. start your christmas card message with a christmas greeting. the beginning of your message should include short and sweet greetings that serve as a festive way to address your card recipients. a christmas wish can go a long way and makes the perfect opening for your tailored greeting. traditional sentiments include, “merry christmas!” or “happy holidays!” 2. craft personalized messages based on your relationship with the recipient. if you’re close with the card recipient, write a heartfelt message. this will show your card recipient just how much you’re thinking about them this holiday season. use details specific to the person opening the card to personalize your christmas card sentiments. make comments about some big news, a special occasion coming up or a new addition to the family to go along with the rest of your greeting. 3. write cheerful yet appropriate holiday messages for business christmas cards. remember to use formal or professional titles when addressing your christmas cards, especially when writing on behalf of your business. keep the writing professional and thank your employees, colleges, and customers for all their support in the last year. 4. include a few funny christmas lines in your card if you know the recipient is the type to enjoy a good laugh. make sure the humor, no matter who the recipient is, is appropriate. keeping the humor holiday-themed is also often a good idea. 5. consider including religious quotes or christmas bible verses. religious christmas card messages can often feel special for those you share your faith with and for those recipients who celebrate their faith during the holiday season. just make sure that your message is respectful of that person’s or family’s beliefs. 6. incorporate christmas card quotes to share the magic of the season. quotes are often the perfect way to inspire your loved ones during the holidays. don’t be afraid to use cheerful or jolly quotes that spread your festive spirit. 7. don’t forget to sign your christmas cards. use a warm closing for close family and friends, use formal titles for those recipients’ you are not as close with, and utilize a more professional closing for your business christmas cards. classic christmas card messages using a classic christmas card message or saying is a great way to spread the spirit of the holiday season. a classic christmas card message is perfect for just about everyone on your list. you can use a short saying or pair a few together to craft a more meaningful greeting. merry christmas & happy new year! wishing you a merry christmas! unwrap yourself a joyful christmas! have a holly, jolly christmas! merry christmas with lots of love. the best present one can hope for this year is to spend time together. i can’t wait to celebrate the holidays with you. have yourself a merry little christmas, let your heart be light. ho ho hope you’ve been good this year. merry christmas! it’s the most wonderful time of the year! let us celebrate by spreading goodwill and christmas cheer! may the spirit of christmas be with you throughout the new year. may the sights and sounds of christmas work their merry magic in your heart. may the sweet magic of christmas conspire to gladden your heart and fill every desire. may this christmas end the present year on a cheerful note and make way for a fresh and bright new year. here’s wishing you a merry christmas and happy new year. may the christmas season fill your home with joy, your heart with love and your life with laughter. thinking warmly of each of you and wishing your family an extra measure of comfort, joy and hope this christmas. here’s to a season filled with warmth, comfort and good cheer! may the magic and thrill of the holiday season stretch on! have a great christmas! take the time to celebrate your desires, values and affections with your loved ones. wishing you all the best. the [insert name here] family wishes you and all those close to you a joyous holiday season and new year filled with happiness and hope for a world at peace. whatever is beautiful, whatever is meaningful, whatever brings happiness, may it be yours this holiday season and throughout the coming year. to those we love and see each day and other loved ones far away, to all good friends who mean so much and those with whom we’re out of touch… wishing you every happiness this holiday season and throughout the coming year. hope you have a remember-forever-and-ever kind of holiday. funny christmas card messages sometimes a holiday card with a funny christmas card saying is exactly what your friends and family need during the holiday season. these funny sayings are used most often with roommates, close friends, siblings, and also make the perfect addition for your pet christmas cards. while using some humor in your christmas sentiments, be sure to not offend the recipient. use the examples below: christmas is claus for celebration! three phrases that sum up christmas are: peace on earth, goodwill to men and batteries not included. may your fun be large and bills be small this year. merry christmas! please note: christmas is cancelled. apparently, you told santa you have been good this year…he died laughing. there’s snowbody like you! christmas is the season when you buy this year’s gifts with next year’s money. fa la la la la, la la la la! wishing you some decked out holiday glee! my favorite part of the holiday season is blaming my long-term weight gain on the holiday season. merry christmas! when you stop believing in santa claus is when you start to get clothes for christmas. happy holidays! i put so much thought into your gift that it’s now too late to get it. merry christmas anyways! get your fat pants ready, it’s christmas! merry christmas! know what the best thing about this card is? it doesn’t come with a fruitcake! why are dasher and dancer always taking coffee breaks? because they are santa’s star bucks. happy holidays! anyone know where i can buy love? they told me that was the best thing to give out this christmas. the best thing we all teach our kids about christmas is honesty. “sure…there’s a real santa claus.” may your gifts be many, and your returns be few. have a stress free holiday season! if a fat man puts you in a bag tonight don’t worry, i told santa i want you for christmas. if tonight some big fat man kidnaps and throws you in a sack , then please stay calm. because many people would have asked santa for a sweet friend like you. merry christmas! christmas is mostly for children. but we adults can enjoy it too, until the credit card bills arrive. christmas is a time for remembering family and trying to guess everyone’s sizes! have a wonderful christmas. “christmas is a time when everyone wants his past forgotten and his present remembered.” -phyllis diller “you can tell a lot about a person by the way they handle three things: a rainy day, lost luggage and tangled christmas lights.” -maya angelou “you know you’re getting old when santa starts looking younger.” -robert paul religious christmas card greetings celebrate the birth of jesus christ and rejoice in the reason for the season by using a religious christmas saying in your card. there are plenty of fitting bible verses about christmas that can help you celebrate your shared faith with card recipients. you can put the saying on a religious christmas card of your choice and personalize it with pictures you want to share. jesus is the reason for this christmas season. god bless you at christmas and always. may the timeless message of christmas fill your heart and home with joy now and throughout the coming year. may you have the gift of faith, the blessing of hope and the peace of his love at christmas and always. holy christmas night. on this holy night may your heart be illuminated with love, joy and peace. we wish you a wonderful season. merry christmas to all! rejoice in the birth of our lord and savior. may the blessings of christ be upon you and your loved ones this season and into the new year. hope you’re filled with his love and wrapped in his peace as we celebrate the miracle of his birth. christmas is a time to open our hearts to god and his gifts. just like the rest of the year. my special wishes to you and to all those who are close to you. may you have a christmas that is more special than it has ever been. may baby jesus bless you abundantly. as we rejoice and celebrate this wonderful season of christmas, let us not forget to thank baby jesus for coming into our lives. let us together prepare ourselves to welcome him into the homes of our hearts. merry christmas to you and your loved ones. may you have the gift of faith, the blessing of hope, and the peace of his love at christmas and always. may the blessing of knowing christ enrich your life in the year 2017. a christmas prayer from the [insert name here] family. we pray your spirit is light with hope, your heart is filled with joy and your holiday is blessed with the glory of god. may his love bring you peace at christmas and always. as you celebrate the miracle of this special season, may your heart be filled with joy and peace. may these holiday blessings linger in your home and stay with you throughout the year. “and so, this christmas season may our hearts with gladness glow, as we read the blessed story that took place so long ago.” -alpha l. butain, the first christmas “christmas is joy, religious joy, an inner joy of light and peace.” -pope francis for god so loved the world that he gave his one and only son, that whoever believes in him shall not perish but have eternal life. john 3:16 merriest christmas! for today in the city of david there has been born for you a savior, who is christ the lord. luke 2:11 she will bear a son; and you shall call his name jesus, for he will save his people from their sins. matthew 1:21 when they saw the star, they rejoiced exceedingly with great joy. matthew 1:23 business christmas card greetings exchanging good will is done unreservedly throughout the holiday season, but when it comes to wishing your boss well or writing a christmas card on behalf of your business, you may get stuck. showing your clients and employees that you appreciate their valued support can be difficult and you may not have the time to conjure up the perfect message. whether you’re writing a christmas card for a coworker or as a business, these christmas messages are the perfect mix of personality and professionalism. merry christmas! looking forward to a successful year! tidings of joy. wishing you the gifts of the season —peace, joy, hope. joy! celebrate the season. wintry wishes. may this season bring you the gifts of peace, hope and joy. thank you for your business. we look forward to celebrating the spirit of the season with you. we’re sending our very best wishes and we’re adding this special thought too…an extra merry christmas we bring all of you. thank you and happy holidays! happy holidays and warm wishes for 2016! may the good cheer last throughout the year. wishing you a wonderful holiday season. we appreciate your business and wish you the best in the coming year. best wishes for a happy holiday season and our sincere thank for your loyalty and goodwill throughout the year. we’re so glad to have you as a client and look forward to wishing you every happiness this holiday season and throughout the coming year. sharing work experience with you is a treasure; best wishes for the opportunity to serve in your establishment. happy christmas. all of us at [company name] join in saying thank you and wishing you a happy holidays. happy holidays from everyone at [company name]. we hope your holidays will be filled with joy and laughter through the new year. with sincere appreciation for your friendship and goodwill, we wish you all the joys of this holiday season. at the holiday season, our thoughts turn gratefully to those who have made our progress possible. it is in this spirit that we say…thank you and best wishes for the holidays and happy new year. because the goodwill of those we serve is the foundation of our success, it’s a real pleasure at this holiday time to say thank you as we wish you a full year of happiness and success. as the holiday season is upon us, we find ourselves reflecting on the past year and on those who have helped to shape our business in a most significant way. we value our relationship with you and look forward to working with you in the year to come. we wish you a very happy holiday season and a new year filled with peace and prosperity. you are a wonderful mentor, thank you and merry christmas! i hope that you have a great holiday season and that this year is better than last! the team at [company name] wishes you peace, joy and prosperity throughout the coming year. thank you for your continued support and partnership. we look forward to the years to come. christmas card quotes when it comes to the decision of including a joyful or classic christmas card quote in your message, you can never go wrong with adding an extra holiday tiding. mirror the traditions that are close to your heart in your own season’s greetings with these popular messages, and quotes from classic to funny. “christmas is the day that holds all time together.” -alexander smith “i will honor christmas in my heart, and try to keep it all the year.” -charles dickens “christmas is a stocking stuffed with sugary goodness.” -mo rocca “christmas gift suggestions: to your enemy, forgiveness. to an opponent, tolerance. to your friend, your heart. to a customer, service. to all, charity. to every child, a good example. to yourself, respect.” -oren arnold “then the grinch thought of something he hadn’t before! what if christmas, he thought, doesn’t come from a store. what if christmas…perhaps…means a little bit more!” -how the grinch stole christmas “gifts of time and love are surely the basic ingredients of a truly merry christmas.” -peg bracken “at christmas play and make good cheer, for christmas comes but once a year.” -thomas tusser “christmas is doing a little something extra for someone else” -charles schulz “peace on earth will come to stay, when we live christmas every day.” -helen steiner rice “at christmas play and make good cheer, for christmas comes but once a year.” -thomas tusser “we make a living by what we get but we make a life by what we give.” -winston churchill “let us remember that the christmas heart is a giving heart, a wide open heart that thinks of others first. the birth of the baby jesus stands as the most significant event in all history, because it has meant the pouring into a sick world of the healing medicine of love which has transformed all manner of hearts for almost two thousand years. underneath all the bulging bundles is this beating christmas heart.” -george mathew adams “a christmas candle is a lovely thing; it makes no noise at all, but softly gives itself away; while quite unselfish, it grows small.” -eva k. logue “christmas waves a magic wand over this world, and behold, everything is softer and more beautiful.” -norman vincent peale “the best christmas trees come very close to exceeding nature.” -andy rooney “keep calm and jingle on.” -anonymous “if kisses were snowflakes, i’d send you a blizzard.” -anonymous “my idea of christmas, whether old-fashioned or modern, is very simple: loving others. come to think of it, why do we have to wait for christmas to do that?” -bob hope “bah, humbug!” -charles dickens “the excellence of a gift lies in its appropriateness rather than in its value.” -charles dudley warner “baby, it’s cold outside.” -christmas carol “fa la la la la, la la la la!” -christmas carol christmas messages for friends when it comes to spreading christmas cheer, you should always send a message to your friends and wish them a merry christmas. your christmas wish should include sentiments about friendship while wishing him or her a happy holidays! wishing you my friends all the special blessings of christmas and the new year. so grateful to have a friend like you at christmas and all year long. friends make the holiday season fun and festive. i can’t wait to party and deck the halls with you this christmas. a friend like you is what makes christmas special to me. nothing makes me happier than sharing this season with you and i can’t wait for christmas to get here. enjoy the magic this holiday season by listening to music and celebrating the occasion with the people that you care for most. where could i find a best friend like you? not at the north pole, that’s for sure. this year know that the best gift in my life are best friends like you. merry christmas. for my special friend, i send holiday greeting wishes for fun filled holiday season. i hope you will have lots of fun adventure and exciting moments on your holiday season this year. have a happy holiday buddy. wishing you unlimited joy and infinite fun! hope these holidays rejuvenate you, so that you return with full on energy and enthusiasm. take care. happy holidays! the best present one can hope for this year is to spend time together. i can’t wait to celebrate the holidays with you my friend! merry christmas to the best friend in the world, the person that sees through my faults and loves me anyway. i’m wishing you joy and blessings this christmas. i am so proud to call you a part of my family and i cherish the time i spend with you. christmas messages for family if you’re sending a christmas wish to a family member, be sure to include sentiments about the importance of spending time with family and cherishing your loved ones. your christmas card wishes should be heartfelt and warm with emotion. having parents like you is the best christmas gift there ever could be. my favorite part about the holiday season are all of our christmas memories together. i’m so thankful to have such loving people in my life. here’s to many more christmas memories and too many cookies. you’re someone who helps me remember the true reason for the season, and i’m so grateful for you. i’ll sure miss being together for christmas this year. eat a few extra pieces of pie for me, okay?! sending my love to you all. there is no greater gift this holiday season than spending time with family around the christmas tree. can’t wait to see you all christmas eve. what can be better than opening presents, eating food and singing christmas music? doing all those things with family like you! christmas brings family and friends together; it helps us appreciate the love in our lives we can often take for granted. may the true meaning of the holiday season fill your heart and home with many blessings. wondrous christmas nights always remind me that i’ll never be alone, because my beautiful family will never let it happen. and i promise you just the same. merry christmas! don’t worry about the gift for me on this christmas. my dear sweet family in good health and great mood is everything i want to get. because that’s what i need to be happy. merry christmas! for me, christmas and my family are inseparable. i can’t imagine this wonderful and magic holiday without love and care which we give to each other every christmas night. it’s a real wonder. merry christmas! may god’s blessing shine down upon you and your family this holiday season. sending love from our family to yours. christmas messages for co-worker during the holiday season, don’t forget about your co-workers. you likely spend a lot of time with your co-workers, so sending a card full of wishes can serve as a nice gesture. choose christmas wishes that are appropriate to keep your sentiments professional. an abundance of joy to you this holiday season. happy holidays to my co-worker! you’re more than just a co-worker. you’re a friend. happy holidays. i like seeing you at work– you add a bit of happiness to the place. happy holidays! i definitely didn’t want this holiday season to pass by without me wishing you a merry christmas! p.s. i’m happy we’re on the same team! merry christmas to my co-worker may your holiday season be as bright as you make our office. your support and companionship means a lot to me. thanks for everything. merry christmas and happy new year! you have been a good friend and a great companion to me. you have had a big role to play in my work so, thank you for your kind support. keep smiling as you spread the cheer. merry christmas and a happy new year! working with you is a pleasure in life. there is so much to learn from you so thank you for being the best co-worker. merry christmas to you! christmas is just another day to say working with you has always been so wonderful. merry christmas! you are a pillar of our success. here is wishing you a merry christmas. christmas messages for boss when sending a christmas card to your boss, it’s always important to choose the right words and remain professional. if you’re unsure of what is appropriate to write, use any of our business holiday card messages for your boss below to complete your greeting. working for you has made my time on the team a great experience. you have a gift for making people feel like they are important to our business. merry christmas! you have inspired me, and that is one of the greatest gifts i will receive this christmas season. from the bottom of my heart, i thank you for being a great boss and a great source of inspiration and motivation. thank you for a fantastic year and for inspiring us through each and every obstacle. merry christmas! our team wouldn’t be the same without you! merry christmas! thank you for the successful year and the guidance in everything we do. we will meet again next year with a lot of new ideas and new energy. before we all leave for the christmas vacation, thank you for being an advisor and a friend. thank you for the pleasant cooperation this year. we wish you and your family a merry christmas and a happy new year. workloads come and go. clients come and go. monthly business targets come and go, but christmas comes once in a year and a boss like you comes once in a lifetime. merry christmas to the best boss in the whole world. merry christmas! we thank you for the pleasant cooperation and hope that you will give us in the new year your confidence. together we will master the challenges of the future. additional related resources for christmas card wording we hope you liked this full guide on christmas card wording. if you’re searching for more encompassing holiday greetings like thanksgiving messages, new years wishes, or messages for hanukkah and kwanzaa, take a look at our article for what to write in a holiday card. keep these etiquette tips in mind while creating your messages so you don’t make any mistakes. with all the time you’ve invested in perfecting your christmas greeting, you may want to add something extra to your envelopes. custom address labels or holiday stamps will elevate your season’s greetings and tie your stationery together. lastly, if you are looking for christmas card ideas or holiday card ideas, visit our holiday category. categorycards and stationerychristmasholidayquoterelatedchristmas card etiquettechristmas card messageschristmas card wordingwhat to write in a christmas cardwritten by shutterfly★ lifestyle expertas your go-to expert for everything one of a kind, shutterfly is here to help you capture and share life’s most important moments. find thoughtful gifts, creative ideas and endless inspiration to create meaningful memories with family and friends. contribute your own ideas and projects to share the joy with our shutterfly community.visit their website.you can follow on instagram and pinterest. view all posts by shutterfly stationery related articles 75+ christmas bible verses for cards 80+ funny christmas card puns for the holidays 60 holiday quotes for any occasion 100+ christmas captions for any photo help customer service order status how to upload 100% happiness guaranteed promotion details shipping feedback resources ideas & inspiration contributing photographers refer a friend #myshutterfly corporate shutterfly, inc. careers media investor relations business solutions products & services bulk photo books bulk photo products gift certificates shop by occasion team share sites mobile apps stay connected refer a friend, get a reward > our brands: © 1999–2019 shutterfly, inc. all rights reserved. site map terms of use privacy policy ca supply chains act show‹›more to l♥veexplore holiday postsholiday cardsnew years cardschristmas cardspersonalized gifts welcome to shutterfly want 4 free gifts? sign up to get your freebies and other exclusive offers. receive special offers x