来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20201231162355/https://www.shutterfly.com/promotions_details/
================================================================================

shutterfly discounts and shutterfly free shipping | shutterfly promotion detailsmy saved projects tweet save 50% on photo books, extra pages & upgrades*save 50% on 11x14 hardcover photo bookssave 50% on 12x12 hardcover photo bookssave 50% on 10x10 hardcover photo bookssave 50% on 8x11 hardcover photo bookssave 50% on 11x8 hardcover photo bookssave 50% on 8x8 hardcover photo booksshop photo books >*the following terms and conditions (“terms”) apply to your participation in this promotion. these terms are between you and shutterfly, inc. and/or its affiliates (“shutterfly”, “we”, or “us”) and govern our respective rights and obligations. the terms, together with any additional applicable terms and conditions related to any promotional offers provided to you for use with this promotion, constitute the entire agreement between you and shutterfly related to your participation in this promotion.please note that your use of the shutterfly website and its suite of apps is also governed by other terms and conditions, including shutterfly’s terms of use and our privacy policy as well as any other applicable terms, conditions, limitations, and requirements posted on the shutterfly.com website from time to time.offer expires december 31, 2020 (11:59 p.m. pt). offer is good for 50% off base photo books, additional pages and upgrades through shutterfly.com, our mobile-friendly site or shutterfly apps (only select products are available on the apps). taxes, shipping and handling will apply. not valid on storytelling styles, tiny prints products, prepaid, annual savings plans and video plans, yearbook orders, groovebook, gift cards, cards sent using mailing services, designer review services, orders placed for in-store pick up and prior purchases. cannot be redeemed for cash or combined with other offers or credits. not valid for resale. we reserve the right to modify or replace any part of these terms and conditions without notice. free shipping on cards*promo code: yayship*the following terms and conditions (“terms”) apply to your participation in this promotion. these terms are between you and shutterfly, inc. and/or its affiliates (“shutterfly”, “we”, or “us”) and govern our respective rights and obligations. the terms, together with any additional applicable terms and conditions related to any promotional offers provided to you for use with this promotion, constitute the entire agreement between you and shutterfly related to your participation in this promotion.please note that your use of the shutterfly website and its suite of apps is also governed by other terms and conditions, including shutterfly’s terms of use and our privacy policy as well as any other applicable terms, conditions, limitations, and requirements posted on the shutterfly.com website from time to time.offer expires december 31, 2020 (11:59 p.m. pt). offer is good for free economy shipping on select shutterfly cards order of $5 or more (after any other discounts and before taxes, shipping and handling) shipped within the u.s. only through shutterfly.com, our mobile-friendly site or the shutterfly app (only select products are available on the app). taxes will apply. orders with multiple recipients will receive one discount applied to the shipment with the highest shipping cost. not valid on tiny prints products, cards sent using mailing services, orders shipped to non-u.s. destinations, other products and prior purchases. free offers cannot be combined with free shipping. free economy shippingfree economy shipping on orders $79+*promo code: ship79*the following terms and conditions (“terms”) apply to your participation in this promotion. these terms are between you and shutterfly, inc. and/or its affiliates (“shutterfly”, “we”, or “us”) and govern our respective rights and obligations. the terms, together with any additional applicable terms and conditions related to any promotional offers provided to you for use with this promotion, constitute the entire agreement between you and shutterfly related to your participation in this promotion.please note that your use of the shutterfly website and its suite of apps is also governed by other terms and conditions, including shutterfly’s terms of use and our privacy policy as well as any other applicable terms, conditions, limitations, and requirements posted on the shutterfly.com website from time to time.offer expires january 13, 2021 (11:59 p.m. pt). offer is good for free economy shipping on orders of $79 or more (after any other discounts and before taxes, shipping and handling) shipped within the u.s. only through shutterfly.com , our mobile-friendly site or the shutterfly app. must use promo code ship79. taxes will apply. orders with multiple recipients will receive one discount applied to the shipment with the highest shipping cost. not valid on 4x4 and 4x6 prints on the web and app, 6x6 photo books, cards sent using mailing services, orders shipped to non-u.s. destinations, yearbook orders, gift cards and prior purchases. free offers cannot be combined with free shipping. we reserve the right to refuse or cancel orders for any reason at our sole discretion, including, but not limited to: product availability, promo errors, price inaccuracies, fraudulent use or general misuse of offer codes and selecting more free gifts than set forth in the terms of your individual offer. offer is subject to product availability and cannot be redeemed for cash or combined with select offers or credits. not valid for resale. we reserve the right to modify or replace any part of these terms and conditions without notice, at our sole discretion. offer valid while supplies last.various increased costs during this time have required us to temporarily add a small covid fee equal to $0.99 to all orders. please contact our customer service team with questions. thank you for your understanding. free upgrade to expedited shipping*free upgrade to expedited shipping on merchandise orders of $79 or more.promo code: upgrade at checkout and select expedited shipping*the following terms and conditions (“terms”) apply to your participation in this promotion. these terms are between you and shutterfly, inc. and/or its affiliates (“shutterfly”, “we”, or “us”) and govern our respective rights and obligations. the terms, together with any additional applicable terms and conditions related to any promotional offers provided to you for use with this promotion, constitute the entire agreement between you and shutterfly related to your participation in this promotion.please note that your use of the shutterfly website and its suite of apps is also governed by other terms and conditions, including shutterfly’s terms of use and our privacy policy as well as any other applicable terms, conditions, limitations, and requirements posted on the shutterfly.com website from time to time.offer expires january 13, 2021 (11:59 p.m. pt). offer is good for free expedited shipping upgrade (when you pay for the price of economy shipping) on orders of $79 or more (after any other discounts and before taxes, shipping and handling) shipped within the u.s. only through shutterfly.com, our mobile-friendly site or the shutterfly app. must select expedited shipping at checkout. taxes will apply. orders with multiple recipients will receive one discount applied to the shipment with the highest shipping cost. not valid on other shipping methods, cards sent using mailing services, orders shipped to non-u.s. destinations, gift cards, yearbook orders and prior purchases. free offers cannot be combined with free shipping. we reserve the right to refuse or cancel orders for any reason at our sole discretion, including, but not limited to: product availability, promo errors, price inaccuracies, fraudulent use or general misuse of offer codes and selecting more free gifts than set forth in the terms of your individual offer terms. offer is subject to product availability and cannot be redeemed for cash or combined with select offers or credits. not valid for resale. we reserve the right to modify or replace any part of these terms and conditions without notice, at our sole discretion. offer valid while supplies last. one free card*one free tri-fold, 6x8 flat, 5x7 flat, 5x5 flat, 4x8 flat, or 5x7 folded card on signature cardstock.promo code: card4u*the following terms and conditions (“terms”) apply to your participation in this promotion. these terms are between you and shutterfly, inc. and/or its affiliates (“shutterfly”, “we”, or “us”) and govern our respective rights and obligations. the terms, together with any additional applicable terms and conditions related to any promotional offers provided to you for use with this promotion, constitute the entire agreement between you and shutterfly related to your participation in this promotion.please note that your use of the shutterfly website and its suite of apps is also governed by other terms and conditions, including shutterfly’s terms of use and our privacy policy as well as any other applicable terms, conditions, limitations, and requirements posted on the shutterfly.com website from time to time.offer expires december 31, 2020 (11:59 p.m. pt). choose one free square trim, standard cardstock, signature cardstock card (6x8, 5x7, 5x5, 4x8 flat, 5x7 folded, or 5x7 trifold card) through shutterfly.com, our mobile-friendly site or the shutterfly app (only select products are available on the app). promo can only be redeemed once per account and/or billing address. taxes, shipping and handling may apply. other trim, paper and envelope options will incur extra fees. not valid on foil-stamped, personalized foil, glitter, gatefold, photo paper cards, wedding suites, other sizes, mix and match cards, calling cards, tiny prints products, wedding paper divas designs, other products, prepaid plans, cards sent using mailing services, prior purchases and orders placed for in-store pick up. free offers cannot be combined with free shipping. we reserve the right to refuse or cancel orders for any reason at our sole discretion, including, but not limited to: product availability, promo errors, price inaccuracies, fraudulent use or general misuse of offer codes and selecting more free gifts than set forth in your individual redemption email. offer is subject to product availability and cannot be redeemed for cash or combined with select offers or credits. not valid for resale. we reserve the right to modify or replace any part of these terms and conditions without notice, at our sole discretion. offer valid while supplies last. save 50% on every. single. thing*no code needed*the following terms and conditions (“terms”) apply to your participation in this promotion. these terms are between you and shutterfly, inc. and/or its affiliates (“shutterfly”, “we”, or “us”) and govern our respective rights and obligations. the terms, together with any additional applicable terms and conditions related to any promotional offers provided to you for use with this promotion, constitute the entire agreement between you and shutterfly related to your participation in this promotion.please note that your use of the shutterfly website and its suite of apps is also governed by other terms and conditions, including shutterfly’s terms of use and our privacy policy as well as any other applicable terms, conditions, limitations, and requirements posted on the shutterfly.com website from time to time.offer valid december 30, 2020 through december 31, 2020 (11:59 p.m. pt). offer is good for 50% off products (some exclusions apply) through shutterfly.com, our mobile-friendly site or shutterfly app. not valid on tiny prints products, prepaid, annual savings plans and video plans, yearbook orders, groovebook, gift cards, cards sent using mailing services, designer review services, orders placed for in-store pick up and prior purchases. offer will automatically apply at checkout. taxes, shipping and handling may apply. shutterfly may refuse or cancel orders due to altered, unauthorized or ineligible use of promotion. offer cannot be redeemed for cash or combined with select offers or credits. not valid for resale. shutterfly may modify or replace any part of these terms and conditions without notice at any time. prints for pennies: 9₵ 4x6 and 4x4 prints, 39₵ 5x7 prints & 99₵ 8x10s + free shipping on $5+*promo code: newyear*the following terms and conditions (“terms”) apply to your participation in this promotion. these terms are between you and shutterfly, inc. and/or its affiliates (“shutterfly”, “we”, or “us”) and govern our respective rights and obligations. the terms, together with any additional applicable terms and conditions related to any promotional offers provided to you for use with this promotion, constitute the entire agreement between you and shutterfly related to your participation in this promotion.please note that your use of the shutterfly website and its suite of apps is also governed by other terms and conditions, including shutterfly’s terms of use and our privacy policy as well as any other applicable terms, conditions, limitations, and requirements posted on the shutterfly.com website from time to time.offer expires january 3, 2021 (11:59 p.m. pt). offer is good for 4x4 matte/glossy prints for $0.09 per print, 4x6 matte/glossy prints for $0.09 per print, 5x7 matte/glossy prints for $0.39 per print and/or 8x10 matte/glossy prints for $0.99 per print and also for free economy shipping when a customer spends $5 or more on 4x4, 4x6, 5x7 and/or 8x10 prints (after any other discounts and before taxes, shipping and processing) shipped within the u.s. only through shutterfly.com, our mobile-friendly site or the shutterfly app (only select products are available on the app). discount will be calculated at checkout. selecting additional options, other styles or upgrades to 5x7 pearl and/or cardstock or 8x10 pearl and/or cardstock prints will incur extra fees. not valid on other print sizes, orders shipped to non-u.s. destinations, orders placed for in-store pickup, other products and prior purchases. offer cannot be combined with other code-based shipping, %-off or $-off offers. orders with multiple recipients will receive one discount applied to the shipment with the highest shipping cost. taxes, shipping and processing may apply. valid while supplies last. free shipping to canada*free shipping on orders of $70 or more shipped to canada.promo code: shipcan70*the following terms and conditions (“terms”) apply to your participation in this promotion. these terms are between you and shutterfly, inc. and/or its affiliates (“shutterfly”, “we”, or “us”) and govern our respective rights and obligations. the terms, together with any additional applicable terms and conditions related to any promotional offers provided to you for use with this promotion, constitute the entire agreement between you and shutterfly related to your participation in this promotion.please note that your use of the shutterfly website and its suite of apps is also governed by other terms and conditions, including shutterfly’s terms of use and our privacy policy as well as any other applicable terms, conditions, limitations, and requirements posted on the shutterfly.com website from time to time.offer expires december 31, 2020 (11:59 p.m. pt). offer is good for free shipping on qualifying merchandise order of $70 or more (after any other discounts and before taxes, shipping and handling) to canadian destinations (province of quebec is excluded) through shutterfly.com, our mobile-friendly site or shutterfly app. shipments to canada are subject to taxes, duties or other customs fees, payable by you upon delivery. taxes will apply. orders with multiple recipients will receive one discount applied to the shipment with the highest shipping cost. not valid on other shipping methods, products listed under the wall art category page, free offers, cards sent using mailing services, orders shipped to u.s. destinations, gift certificates and prior purchases. free offers cannot be combined with free shipping. we reserve the right to refuse or cancel orders for any reason at our sole discretion, including, but not limited to: product availability, promo errors, price inaccuracies, fraudulent use or general misuse of offer codes and selecting more free gifts than set forth in the terms of your individual offer. offer is subject to product availability and cannot be redeemed for cash or combined with select offers or credits. not valid for resale. we reserve the right to modify or replace any part of these terms and conditions without notice, at our sole discretion. offer valid while supplies last. our date-change promise valid on purchases of any event-based cards including wedding announcements, wedding invitations, save-the-dates, enclosure cards, response cards, birthday invitations, bridal shower invitations, baby shower invitations, dated graduation cards invitations and announcements made between april 1st, 2020 at 12:00 a.m. pt and april 1st, 2021 at 11:59 p.m. pt on tinyprints.com, shutterfly.com or the shutterfly app. if you have to change the date or details of your event due to covid-19, please contact customer care and we may reprint one paid order of the affected products for free. visit support.shutterfly.com for contact options and hours. products need to be reprinted within 12 months (prior to april 1st, 2022). shutterfly may refuse or cancel orders due to altered, unauthorized or ineligible use of promotion. we reserve the right to substitute a product of equal or greater value if the selected product or design is unavailable. our reprint commitment if you purchased a dated card or stationery product between march 30th, 2019 at 12:00 a.m. pt and march 30th, 2020 at 11:59 p.m. pt on tinyprints.com, shutterfly.com or the shutterfly app for an event dated march 1st, 2020 or after and you had to change the date or details of your event due to covid-19, please contact customer care and we’ll work through your options with you. visit support.shutterfly.com for contact options and hours. new customer offer*101 free 4x6 prints, 5 free magnets, one free art print and one free set of address labelsshop prints >*offers expire 30 calendar days from the time of registration (11:59 p.m. pt). offer is good for 101 free glossy/matte prints (4x4 or 4x6 prints), five free non-disney photo magnets, one free set of address labels and one non-framed, non-metallic 8x10 art print on signature cardstock through shutterfly.com, our mobile-friendly site or the shutterfly app (only select products are available on the app). offer is valid on all magnet sizes (only select sizes are available on the app), but limited to one magnet size and type per order. valid only on your first purchase from shutterfly. offers cannot be redeemed more than once per account and/or billing address. taxes, shipping and handling may apply. not valid on other print sizes/finish, disney styles, glass, stationery and wood magnets, metallic, framed and other art print sizes/finish, tiny prints products, prepaid plans, other products, prior purchases and orders placed for in-store pick up. valid for the intended recipient only. offers are subject to product availability and cannot be redeemed for cash or combined with other offers or credits. not valid for resale. we reserve the right to modify or replace any part of these terms and conditions without notice. save 40% off premium cards, 30% off everything else + 10 free new year's cards on tiny prints*promo code: tpfreecards*the following terms and conditions (“terms”) apply to your participation in this promotion. these terms are between you and shutterfly, inc. and/or its affiliates (“shutterfly”, “we”, or “us”) and govern our respective rights and obligations. the terms, together with any additional applicable terms and conditions related to any promotional offers provided to you for use with this promotion, constitute the entire agreement between you and shutterfly related to your participation in this promotion.please note that your use of the shutterfly website and its suite of apps is also governed by other terms and conditions, including shutterfly’s terms of use and our privacy policy as well as any other applicable terms, conditions, limitations, and requirements posted on the shutterfly.com website from time to time.offer expires january 1, 2021 (11:59 p.m. pt). offer is good for 40% off regular-priced premium tiny prints cards (premium includes: glitter, foil, trifold, & gatefold cards), 30% off all other regular-priced tiny prints products and for 10 free tiny prints square trim, signature cardstock cards (5x7 flat, 5x5, 4x5, 5x7 folded, 3x5 folded, 5x7 trifold, 5x7 gatefold), foil-stamped (with a purchase of 20 foil-stamped cards), personalized foil (with a purchase of 20 personalized foil cards) or glitter cards (with a purchase of 20 glitter cards) through tinyprints.com, our mobile-friendly site or the shutterfly app. offer cannot be combined with other code-based %-off or $-off offers. taxes, shipping and handling will apply. not valid on sale items, shutterfly branded products, wedding paper divas designs, prepaid plans, annual savings plans, cards sent using mailing services, designer review services, prior purchases and orders placed for in-store pick up. promo can only be redeemed once per account and/or billing address. this offer code can only be entered once. offer cannot be redeemed for cash or combined with select offers or credits. not valid for resale. we reserve the right to modify or replace any part of these terms and conditions without notice. free standard shipping on tiny prints orders $49+* promo code: tpship *the following terms and conditions (“terms”) apply to your participation in this promotion. these terms are between you and shutterfly, inc. and/or its affiliates (“shutterfly”, “we”, or “us”) and govern our respective rights and obligations. the terms, together with any additional applicable terms and conditions related to any promotional offers provided to you for use with this promotion, constitute the entire agreement between you and shutterfly related to your participation in this promotion. please note that your use of the shutterfly website and its suite of apps is also governed by other terms and conditions, including shutterfly’s terms of use and our privacy policy as well as any other applicable terms, conditions, limitations, and requirements posted on the shutterfly.com website from time to time. offer expires december 31, 2020 (11:59 p.m. pt). offer is good for one free economy and standard shipping on tiny prints orders of $49 or more (after any other discounts and before taxes, shipping and handling) shipped within the u.s. only through tinyprints.com, our mobile-friendly site or the shutterfly app. taxes will apply. orders with multiple recipients will receive one discount applied to the shipment with the highest shipping cost. not valid on other shipping methods, shutterfly branded products, wedding paper divas products, cards sent using mailing services, orders shipped to non-u.s. destinations, gift certificates and prior purchases. cannot be redeemed for cash or combined with select offers or credits. not valid for resale. we reserve the right to modify or replace any part of these terms and conditions without notice. shipping exclusions**super rush shipping: excludes personalized foil, foil-stamped, glitter, and orders with custom envelopes, envelope liners and mail for me service.actual shipping date may vary – refer to estimated date in cart. about shutterfly promo codes, free shipping and discounts looking to make personalized photo cards and gifts without breaking the bank? visit shutterfly's exclusive promotion details page for promo codes, coupon codes and the latest deals on your favorite personalized products. keep and share your personal memories at an affordable price with shutterfly's best promotions, codes and discounts on our most popular products. from new customer offers to free shipping upgrades, to discounts on photo books, stationery, photo gifts, and home decor-there's a promotion for everyone. holiday to holiday and season to season, we've got you covered for prints, photo books, photo gifts, stationery, home decor and more. at the minimum, always check for free shipping coupon codes when you're all set to go with your latest orders. remember to redeem your coupon code at checkout and prepare to be delighted by shutterfly's premium personalized products at a great price. shutterfly coupon codes are always available exclusively on the site for our valued customers. codes change frequently, so check back often to make sure you have the latest deals. if you're in the market for a larger purchase, be sure to explore our exclusive offers on free cards, stationery, and even wedding invitation samples. we know quality is important, and we can help ensure you get the best offer by taking advantage of shutterfly's free stationery sample offers. be sure to read the fine print associated with your offer on our promotions page and feel free to contact us if you need a little extra help. our goal is to make sure you are 100% happy with your order every time. for help applying promo codes or questions on discounts in general, consult our promotions page or contact customer care. whether you're shopping for yourself or for a loved one, offers are available for a limited time only. so get started now.