来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20111228025916/http://www.lulus.com/blog/
================================================================================

lulus.com fashion blog lulus fashion lounge - blog - a la mode diy: transform your ugly christmas sweater posted by: sienna orlando december132011 when it was announced that we were having our very own ugly sweater day in the warehouse, i decided to do a little tinkering with this awesome "mistle toads" sweatshirt. in the style of some of the oversized, off-the-shoulder tops we carry here, i picked up my scissors and went to town. this method is easy, quick and no-sew, and will last at least a few wearings without hemming the edges. if you want to get a little more advanced, you can create a matching bow from the leftover sleeves. with the sweater and the bow, this project took me about 12 minutes. serious. so let's start with another xmas culprit: 1. cut off one sleeve to desired length. start long and work your way up if you have to. 2. fold the sweater in half, match up the sleeves and cut the other sleeve using your first as a template. 3. cut out the neckline. start by cutting just below the ribbing or your neckline may get crazy big! 4. rid yourself of that unflattering cinched waistband. again, cut just above the ribbing; if you want it even more cropped, cut higher. now you have a cozy, more contemporary look. to make the bow you will need to sew, but if you're at all handy with your sewing machine, or nimble with your thimble, this won't be a problem. 1. cut out the following shapes by folding your leftover sleeve ends in half. you will need two of the bow shapes and one rectangle. 2. place the bow shapes wrong sides out and stitch along the edge, leaving about 1 1/2 inches open in the very center. 3. turn the bow to right sides out. 4. fold the rectangle in half lengthwise (wrong side out) and stitch along the side. 5. turn the tube right side out. 6. with the seam facing you, wrap the tube around the middle of your bow and sew the end together. twist so the seam is now on the inside. 7. use bobby pins to pin this bow into your hair, or sew on a hair clip if you'd like! xoxo comments: make a comment blog tags: diy ugly christmas sweater xmas sweater ugly sweater lulu*s reads: christian louboutin (the book!) posted by: annie roos december132011 ah, christian louboutin. he just gets us. now, an invitation for you to get to know the genius behind those ever-coveted red lacquered soles. christan louboutin by christian louboutin is 304 pages of leather bound, shoe-lover's gold. confession: no, i haven't actually read it, nor had the privilege to even hold it in my hands. though, i'll admit, the $150 price tag is beginning to seem like more and more of a bargain as my research forges onward. we're talking a five-piece foldout binding, a pop-up(!), and never-before-seen photographs spanning the life and work of the most talented and respected shoe designer of our time (or ever? yeah, ever). in addition to all the bells and whistles, just listen to what these six chapters have to offer (paraphrased/pretty much copied from the publisher): chapter 1: louboutin's biography, complete with his early creations and influences illustrated with many never-before-seen photos from his personal archives. chapter 2: features the louboutin boutiques around the world, showcasing the varied and extravagant interior designs and displays. chapter 3: "20 years of design" highlights his shoe designs from over the years with all-new still-life photography, as well as editorial art. chapter 4: features the spectacular interiors of louboutin's homes in paris and luxor, egypt, and behind-the-scenes shots from his studios and workshops. chapter 5: focuses on his creative collaborations with david lynch, of a series called "fetish," of limited-edition shoes by louboutin and limited-edition photos by lynch. chapter 6: a complete catalogue raisonne of his work, with photos of all 120 shoe designs. (did you catch that? every shoe ever!) "...so really, the shoe is just a pedastal of the whole body of the woman." (the late late show) "well, i have been designing for a lot of stars, i just do not like to name people. because i sort of take myself very seriously, a little bit like, as a doctor, you know, because a shoe is a bit of an addiction. so as a good doctor, you have your professional secrets." (net-a-porter) my heart melts. (images courtesy of the daily beast & yatzer; info courtesy of rizzoli & amazon) comments: make a comment blog tags: fashion shoes christian louboutin book read east meets west: chanel pre-fall collection 2012 posted by: sienna orlando december122011 with the release of chanel's pre-fall collection for 2012, it seems that creative director, karl lagerfield, has developed a taste for indian. gilded tunics, sumptuous silks, and skinny british empire leggings melted into slim booties and embellished sandals. hair jewels, thong-like bracelets and printed fingerless gloves compiled a list of characteristically indian adornment, while chanel classics like tweed suits and pearls exported the looks to their parisian home front. (images courtesy of vogue italia) comments: make a comment blog tags: fashion chanel pre-fall collection 2012 karl lagerfield the lulu*s holiday dress guide posted by: cara fox-galassi december122011 tis the season of the holiday party and shopping for the perfect outfit can be the best or worst few weeks of my life. just so you guys know, i was born on christmas (yes, it's really cool but it sucks at the same time). so holiday dress shopping for me doubles up, as do other things, on this time of year. i need to have birthday and holiday ensembles. sigh. but to make it less stressful for you gals out there i decided to put together a little holiday dress guide. you know, just to point you in the right direction of some goodies here at lulu*s and to open your eyes to new options. let's get started. sequins. they're everywhere, and for good reason. they are the key to looking fabulous pretty much anywhere and they are the "it" item for this winter. the best thing is you can get them in so many different styles. want to be edgy and sexy? no problem. soft and sweet? got you covered. just want to look bangin' and bedazzled? done. love one of the dresses above (or any in this article)? just click the image of the dress you like and it will take you right to it! these are for those of you who aren't necessarily thrilled by the regular party dress. you're funky and you know it. walk like an egyptian with a 70s/cleopatra inspired dress. be bold with a bright romper. add a touch of class with a lace dress in jewel tone. show 'em how it's done with a little funk. let me tell you a secret: black and gold are my go-to for holiday party color combos, especially because i like things on the edgy side. so i gave you a sampling of choice looks that have a little bite. the sequin black jumpsuit paired with gold heels is prefect for that devil-may-care-but-i-still-want-to-look-fabulous attitude. show off your best assets with a cutout bodycon number. my fav? the comfy cool vibe of pairing sequin tap shorts with a velvet top and bold patterned tights. who says you need to wear a dress for a party? well, not us. go get your menswear on with a white smoking jacket, a cute, shiny top and leather pants. dress up a cute graphic tee with a sequin mini and a fuzzy cardi. or just get archtectual with a bold skirt and a blouse with shoulder details. mmm shoes. so beautiful. my three simple picks for holiday shoe wear: sequins, bright colors and a dash of seventies style. that's all you need. now if you'll excuse me, all this talk of clothes is making me want to get holiday shop on. xoxo comments: make a comment blog tags: fashion holiday lulu*s holiday fashion holiday dress guide name the dress contest #78 posted by: lulu*s ! december122011 when: this new unnamed and adorable dress needs to be named to be put online tomorrow evening!! (see above picture for this weeks' dress)! what: monday through tuesday by 5:00 pm pst enter your idea for a name for the dress presented! the winner will be announced tomorrow evening when the product goes up online!! where: enter to win (as many times as you'd like!!) on our blog by leaving a comment with your name idea below. prize: your name on a dress on lulus.com and a $50 gift card!!! comments: 764 make a comment blog tags: contest win name cute color 4 cute and easy diy ornaments! posted by: allie paxton december92011 every year, as soon as thanksgiving is over, i rush to take out my holiday decorations and begin to spread the holiday cheer. there is nothing like decorating on the weekend while listening to bing crosby and planning your holiday baking. every year i make a new ornament for my tree, and it's become one of my favorite holiday traditions. i love homemade ornaments not only because they are unique, but because they add a special feeling to each tree. i came across some pretty amazing ideas, check them out! this is super easy! all you need is spare yarn, thread and clear ornament blubs. you can manipulate the yarn and string by braiding, knoting, or just bundling. stuff it into the clear bulb, seal, and you're done. be sure to use different colors of yarns and string to give it that extra pop! you can take newspaper or magazine clippings to create a collage with mod podge on ornaments. it is a really simple and fun craft to do with family, friends, and little ones. all you do is apply a layer of mod podge on the ornament. take the clippings and place them on the glue. after you let it dry, coat a layer of mod podge all over the ornament. before it dries, you can sprinkle some glitter to add that extra sparkle. or, if you love the example above, wait until it dries and you can paint your own image! simply take a holiday themed cookie cutter and place it on a decorative paper a photo you love. with a pencil, trace around the surface of the cookie cutter. use scissors to cut out the shape and glue it to the back of the cookie cutter. these beauties are perfect because they add a quirky, yet special personal touch to the tree. get some clear ornament bulbs and squirt about a teaspoon of paint inside. i like to use two or three different colors. then cover the opening with your thumb and shake the bulb. or, if you want to take a little more time, drip your paint down the inside, and tilt to move the paint and give a drip effect. this will bring a lot of color to your tree! and don't forget... xoxo comments: make a comment blog tags: diy easy and cheap decorate holiday decoration christmas decoration ornaments karli kloss for numero #127 posted by: sienna orlando december92011 karli kloss gets vamped posing for the camera of tom munro in bold winter hues, black cherry lipstick and a smoky eye so intense the fire department showed up. a boyish coif balances the feminine textures of fishnets and fuzzy jackets and the sensibility of stylist charles varenne seems remarkably accessible to the everyday fashionista. (photos courtesy of fashionmag.us) comments: make a comment blog tags: models fashion editorial numero 127 charles varenne karli kloss tom munro candy darling the golden ticket is still out there! posted by: lulu*s ! december92011 even better than a tour of the chocolate factory . . . you heard us right! you still have a chance to win! we haven't shipped out the golden ticket yet! between now and december 31st, we will hide one golden ticket worth a $1000 gift card in a random package from an order on our site! for your chance to win, simply check the packages of any lulu*s purchases you make to see if it's in there! could it be in your package? comments: make a comment blog tags: $1000 gift card golden ticket lulu*s contests win prizes everyday in december posted by: lulu*s ! december82011 when: every day for the rest of december we will have a contest where you can win! where: the daily contest will be on the facebook page on the december daily contests tab to the left on our page. prizes: you could win a dress of your choice or one of multiple gift cards we will be giving away! each day is different. want to participate? be sure to check the december daily contests tab each day on our facebook page and follow the instructions for each contest. some will be 1 entry per person, and some will be unlimited entries! you must "like" our page in order to enter. oh, did we forget to mention, you might also win a $1,000 shopping spree?!!! we will be announcing details in the coming weeks about the big giveaway at the end of december where we will have multiple winners all day and a lucky $1,000 winner! stay tuned for details. good luck! comments: make a comment blog tags: contest win $1000 december beauty how-to: what to do with broken eye shadows posted by: allie paxton december82011 don't you hate it when you drop your favorite eye shadow on the ground and see the pressed powder crumbling once you pick it up? whenever i had this happen to me i would throw it in my makeup drawer and it would get buried amongst my other forgotten cosmetics. this was a regular occurrence until recently, i found a great way to use your crumbled polish to make awesome nail art. using your broken eye shadows on your nails creates a matte finish polish that gives your nails a fresh look without breaking the bank. 1. take the broken shadow and pour a little into a small bowl. 2. drip about 20 drops of clear polish into the small bowl. if you are feeling creative, you can also add different colors of your choice to create inventive, new color choices. 3. swirl the mixture together with a toothpick until the polish has evenly mixed with the polish. add more polish if you need the mixture thinner, add a dash more powder if you need to thicken. 4. once the mixture is complete quickly polish your nails since the mixture dries quickly. i love the options of limitless variations with this nail art idea. you can even do this on the ends of your nails or some glitter to give a colorful remix to the classic french manicure. if you want to fix your eye shadow afterwards, here is an easy way how: 1. dump the eye shadow into a small bowl and use an eye shadow brush to wipe the container clean. 2. use the end of the brush and crush the remaining chunks into a fine powder. 3. pour a teaspoon of rubbing alcohol into the small bowl. mix well into a paste with a small spoon. 4. scoop the paste from the small bowl and pour into the original containers. spread evenly throughout container. 5. place aside and let sit for about eight hours. after the eye shadow has set, your eye shadow will come back to life once it has dried! this should keep you all busy for a bit! xoxo comments: make a comment blog tags: nails beauty how-to eye shadow nail art broken eye shadow fix broken eye shadow broken eye shadow nail polish older 10 posts search shop lulus.com shop at lulus what's new dresses shoes tops bottoms denim accessories jewelry gift guide sale outerwear as seen... new at lulus.com categories general art fashion news contests interviews beauty press music guest blogger celebrity kudos budget fashionista catwalk queen college fashion cosmopolitan elle fashion photography blog fashion trendsetter go fug yourself instyle jezebel look book marie claire new york magazine sartorialist style stylehive who what wear authors allie annie cara laurie sienna stephanie archives july 2009 august 2009 september 2009 october 2009 november 2009 december 2009 january 2010 february 2010 march 2010 april 2010 may 2010 june 2010 july 2010 august 2010 september 2010 october 2010 november 2010 december 2010 january 2011 february 2011 march 2011 april 2011 may 2011 june 2011 july 2011 august 2011 september 2011 october 2011 november 2011 december 2011 find us on facebook tumblr twitter blog tags fashion contest win photography blogger art music dresses dress trends music videos vintage models diy videos lookbook style makeup shoes advice