来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20161231134953/https://www.lulus.com/customerservice/returnspolicy
================================================================================

contact us about your trendy dress, shoes, or accessories x limited time only! free shipping on all orders no minimums! us only. ends 11/29/16 at 11:59 pm pt limited time only! free shipping on all orders no minimums! us only. ends 11/29/16 at 11:59 pm pt all orders ship free! limited time only! us only. ends 11/29/16 at 11:59 pm pt x shop close new holiday the holiday shop all holiday cocktail party office party formal dresses rompers & jumpsuits luxe holiday all holiday dresses gift guide stocking stuffers gift cards bestsellers back in stock top rated shop by lulus label trending formal dresses lbd jumpsuits & rompers sweaters ankle booties holiday dresses sweater dresses long sleeve dresses shops office chic holiday shop knitwear shop velvet clothing sequin shop outerwear shop bridal dresses bohemian clothing dresses under $50 street style shop going fast coming soon dresses all dresses shop by style little black dresses backless dresses bodycon dresses cocktail dresses club dresses formal dresses lace dresses long sleeve dresses strapless dresses vacation dresses maxi dresses midi dresses short dresses casual dresses skater dresses shift dresses print and floral shop by color white dresses black dresses red dresses blue dresses green dresses purple dresses teal dresses pink dresses peach dresses grey dresses coral and orange dresses brown dresses taupe dresses yellow dresses shop by occasion holiday dresses wedding guest dresses formal dresses party dresses bridesmaid dresses girls' night out shop by trend sequin dresses maxis white haute lbd's event-ready dresses must have midis shoes all shoes heels all heels pumps peep toes ankle strap heels flats all flats sneakers lace-ups boots all boots ankle boots mid calf boots knee high boots over the knee boots flat boots high heel boots sandals all sandals flat sandals gladiator sandals thong sandals heeled sandals wedge sandals wedges all wedges sandal wedges vegan shoes all vegan shoes vegan flats vegan sandals vegan heels & wedges vegan boots shoes on trend holiday shoes thigh-high boots lace-up heels block heels ankle booties mules and slides shoes on sale clothing tops all tops casual tops dressy tops sexy tops sleeveless short sleeve long sleeve blouses and shirts sweaters outerwear tees tank tops crop tops lingerie bottoms all bottoms skirts pants shorts denim dresses all dresses little black dresses bodycon dresses backless dresses cocktail dresses club dresses formal dresses lace dresses long sleeve dresses strapless dresses vacation dresses maxi dresses short dresses midi dresses casual dresses skater dresses shift dresses print and floral shop by color rompers & jumpsuits denim outerwear swimwear shop by trend holiday luxe knitwear off-the-shoulder office chic the new boho lovely lace beyond basics on sale all clothing on sale tops on sale bottoms on sale dresses on sale accessories all accessories handbags & purses all handbags & purses clutches totes & backpacks vegan leather jewelry all jewelry necklaces earrings bracelets rings watches sunglasses hats belts scarves beauty all beauty eyes lips nails tech and novelty shop by trend boho jewelry party perfect jewelry choker necklaces layered necklaces statement necklaces on sale accessories on sale jewelry on sale sale all sale shop by discount 20% off 40% off 50% off 70%+ off shop by category clothing on sale shoes on sale dresses on sale tops on sale bottoms on sale accessories on sale jewelry on sale account orders wishlist loves close account orders wishlist loves item has been added to bag! items not reserved and may sell out. item in bag subtotal: $0 only until free shipping view your bag checkout your bag is empty. live chat customer service extended holiday returns - orders placed after nov. 1 2016 will be accepted for return if postmarked before jan. 15, 2017.free return shippingno restocking fees! orders postmarked within 10 days of the delivery date get free return shipping!didn't get it postmarked within 10 days? that's ok! return or exchange merchandise by mail within 30 days of the order shipment date for a refund to the original form of payment. any items sent back after 10 days that use our return shipping label will have $7 deducted from your refund. united states do you offer free return shipping? never pay for return shipping! postmark your item using our return label within 10 days after receiving your order. lulus.com will cover the return shipping costs, and you will be refunded in full for the cost of your item. didn't get it postmarked within 10 days? that's ok! we accept returns postmarked within 30 days from when your order was shipped. feel free to return your items using our return label or any other insured shipping carrier. if you choose to use our label, the label cost of $7 will be deducted from your merchandise refund. you may also ship back the return with an insured and traceable shipping carrier of your choice. we recommend obtaining a receipt for all shipments and keeping it for your records. if you have any questions or concerns about free return shipping, please contact our customer service department at 1-866-918-5858. please note: when combining multiple orders as one return, the cost of the return label will be determined by the item with the oldest ship date. what is your return & exchange policy? we accept returns postmarked within 30 days from the date your order was shipped. refunds are issued to your original payment method or in the form of online credit. refunds cannot be returned to alternate cards or different forms of payment. if you choose to be refunded in lulus online credit, you will receive an additional $5 in merchandise credit once your refund has been processed! this does not apply to late returns, or those otherwise outside of policy. limited to one bonus credit per order. returns must be received in new condition; unused, unworn, unwashed with the hygienic liner intact (where applicable). items returned with obvious use, makeup, deodorant, perfume, or similar product stains will be subject to refusal. shoes must be returned in their original box and placed inside an additional protective shipping box. damage to the shoe box makes the shoes ineligible for return. the shoes will be shipped back to you and are subject to additional shipping costs. final sale items cannot be returned, refunded or exchanged. gift cards cannot be returned or refunded. jewelry and sunglasses under $25 are returnable but not exchangeable. original shipping is non-refundable. how do i make a return? to return your item(s), follow the steps below: if you checked out as a guest, click here to initiate your return and print the ups or usps return label. if you have an account with lulus.com: 1. sign in to your account. 2. hover over my account at the top of the page. then select my orders from the my account dropdown. 3. scroll down to locate the order which contains the item(s) you wish to return. follow the prompts to initiate your return. 4. print out the provided ups or usps label and tape it to the outside of your lulus return. 5. mail it off; we'll do the rest! **when returning items with our ups or usps label, a $7 shipping cost will be deducted from your refund credit. if your return is postmarked within 10 days from the day you receive your order, return shipping will be free. you can also return items via an insured mail service of your choice to: lulus.com returns 195 humboldt ave chico, ca 95928 usa for alaskan and hawaiian returns, follow the steps above to initiate your return. we are unable to provide return labels at this time, so we ask that you please either print out your return form or write your order number on a slip of paper and include it with your return. return your item(s) using an insured postal carrier. when your return is received and processed, we'll email you a refund notification. you are responsible for return shipping costs. we recommend shipping with insurance and keeping your shipping receipts until your return is processed. lulus.com is not responsible for missing, damaged, or packages lost in transit. how do i make an exchange? 1. call us at 1-866-918-5858 (toll free for us & canada). 2. our customer service representatives will create a new order for the new item you would like to receive in exchange. you are charged at this time for the cost of the merchandise, and it will be shipped to you with free ground shipping within the contiguous united states. 3. return the item(s) you would like to exchange by following the next four steps. 4. sign in to your account, then select my orders from the my account dropdown. 5. scroll down to locate the order which contains the item(s) you wish to return. follow the prompts to initiate your return. 6. print out the provided ups label and tape it to the outside of your lulus return. 7. send back your return item(s). no waiting! your new items will be processed and shipped out promptly after contacting customer care. when your return is received and processed, we'll email you a refund notification. *when returning items with our ups or usps labels, a $7 shipping cost will be deducted from your refund credit. if your return is postmarked within 10 days from the day you receive your order, return shipping will be free. exchange shipping to alaska & hawaii is $7. exchange shipping on orders shipped to puerto rico, guam, and the us virgin islands is $10. you can also return items via an insured mail service of your choice to: lulus.com returns 195 humboldt ave chico, ca 95928 usa if you are not using our return label, we ask that you please either print out your return form or write your order number on a slip of paper and include it with your return. return your item(s) using an insured postal carrier. when your return is received and processed, we'll email you a refund notification. you are responsible for return shipping costs. we recommend shipping with insurance and keeping your shipping receipts until your return is processed. lulus.com is not responsible for missing, damaged, or packages lost in transit. do i have to pay for my new exchange now? to make exchanges fast and easy, we create a new order for the exchange item you'd like to receive. when the order is created, you are asked to provide a method of payment that will be charged at that time. after the order is paid for, it will be processed and shipped out promptly. when we receive your return, you will be refunded for your original item(s). how long do i have to make a return or exchange? returns & exchanges are accepted within 30 days of your order shipment date. can i send back items from different orders? yes. to save on shipping, time, and packaging materials, you can return items from multiple orders as long as you include the corresponding order numbers for each item inside the package. we recommend you print out the return form for each order online or write each order number on a slip of paper and include them inside your return package. if all orders are postmarked for return within 10 calendar days of receipt, return shipping with the ups return label will be free. if any items are returned after 10 calendar days of receipt, the return shipping charge of $7 will be assessed. how do i get a return label? once you initiate your online return, you will be prompted to print a ups or usps return label. you can also print a return label by signing into your lulus account. in your order history, click on your return order. once on your order page, scroll down and click the show return history button to find a print return label button. our preprinted return labels are only for use in the united states. international returns are responsible for return shipping. we recommend shipping with insurance and keeping your shipping receipts until your return is processed. if lulus return labels are used outside of the united states they will incur additional charges that will be the responsibility of the sender. how do i print a return form? once you initiate your online return, you will be prompted to print a return form. you can also print a return form by signing into your lulus account. in your order history, click on your return order. once on your order page, scroll down and click the show return history button to find a print return form button. we recommend you print this form and include it with your return. if you cannot print a return form, we recommend writing your order number on a slip of paper and including it with your return. what if my package was refused or was undeliverable? want to reship a refused or undeliverable package? the new shipping costs depend on which new shipping method you choose. if you would like to cancel an order that has been returned to us, you will be responsible for a $7 return shipping fee and a 15% restocking fee will be deducted from your refund to cover the cost of processing your order. we reserve the right to void or refund a payment for any order at any time for any reason. please email us at sales@lulus.com or call our toll free number 1-866-918-5858 if you have any questions or concerns. can i exchange more than once on an order? you are welcome to call our customer service team to set up an exchange any time. we offer free shipping on the first exchange from each order. you may request a second exchange on any order; however, shipping will be assessed on completion of your new exchange order. how long will it take to get my refund? most returns are processed within 3-7 business days after we receive your return. once your return has been processed and your refund issued, you will receive a return confirmation email. we won't leave you hanging! help & info home holiday shipping shipping information united states canada international returns & exchanges united states canada international orders & payments account help gift cards & online credit sizing & fit contact us terms & conditions contests and giveaways #lovelulus gallery privacy policy x free us shipping! free ground shipping on all us orders! free international shipping. on orders of $150 or more! (use code "worldwide" at checkout) expedited us shipping. third day: $9 second day air: $18 overnight shipping: $25 international. economy shipping: $15 standard shipping: $21 express shipping: $39 returns. returns made within 30 days of the order shipment date will be refunded to the original form of payment. your return will be processed within 10-14 business days. free returns! enjoy free returns by using our return label and sending us your item(s) within 10 days of arrival date. items sent back after 10 days that use our label will have $7 deducted from your refund. exchanges. call us toll free at 1-866-918-5858 to start your exchange. return your original item(s) within 30 days of the order shipment date for a refund. questions? visit our customer service shipping or returns page. for more info, contact customer service via live chat or call 1-866-918-5858. sign up for emails and get 10% off! sign up help customer service return policy international orders contact us live chat quick links account guest orders gift cards careers affiliate program terms & conditions privacy policy site map © 2016 lulus.com x hey babe! we're just a call or click away! look great,feel great... we've got you covered! xoxo 12am - 9pm pt, 7 days a week stylist chat want styling tips? we've got them! ask a stylist live chat need help? let usanswer your questions! live chat now email: love@lulus.com call: 1.866.918.5858 x x sign in e-mail address: password: sign in forgot password? create account first name: last name: e-mail address: confirm e-mail: password: confirm password: sign up for special offers and get a 10% off promo code in your inbox! sign me up! create account password recovery enter your e-mail address below and we'll send you an e-mail message containing your new password. e-mail address: nevermind, sign in submit welcome you're now part of the lulus community! your 10% off promo code is: we'll also send a copy to your inbox! start shopping view my account you're logged in continue view my account x join the party! get 10% off any order subscribe to be the first to know about latest arrivals, sales, & more! join *promo code will be emailed to the address you enter. new subscribers only. click here for 10% off! thanks for signing up! your % off promo code is: check your inbox to start enjoying the perks! hey lucky! you've already signed up! we've got this email on our list for awesome offers and exclusive discounts.