来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20181230045026/https://www.lulus.com/careers
================================================================================

available positions | careers | lulus free shipping over $50 + free returns on all orders! > want vip perks? join our rewards program > free shipping over $50 + free returns on all orders! > want vip perks? join our rewards program > want vip perks? join our rewards program > free shipping over $50 + free returns on all orders! > want vip perks? join our rewards program > x shop close new bestsellers back in stock top rated shop by lulus label brands we love gift cards trending swimwear spring fashion wedding guest festival lace dresses sundresses two-piece sets spring break color trends white yellow rose brights shops the prom shop the formal shop resort wear honeymoon shop the vacation shop outerwear shop bohemian clothing knitwear office chic going fast coming soon dresses all dresses shop by style little black dresses backless dresses bodycon dresses cocktail dresses club dresses formal dresses lace dresses long sleeve dresses vacation dresses maxi dresses midi dresses short dresses casual dresses skater dresses shift dresses print and floral shop by color white dresses black dresses blue dresses red dresses pink dresses green dresses yellow dresses purple dresses grey dresses coral and orange dresses peach dresses taupe dresses teal dresses shop by occasion vacation dresses prom dresses graduation dresses cocktail dresses formal dresses party dresses night out dresses shop by trend sundresses lace dresses wrap dresses lbds long sleeve dresses bridal wedding dresses bridesmaid dresses wedding guest dresses bridal shower dresses bachelorette dresses honeymoon shop wedding shoes shoes all shoes heels all heels pumps ankle strap heels mid-low heels flats all flats sneakers lace-ups lace-up heels sandals all sandals flat sandals gladiator sandals thong sandals heeled sandals wedge sandals boots all boots ankle boots mid calf boots over the knee boots high heel boots mules & slides wedges all wedges sandal wedges vegan shoes all vegan shoes vegan flats vegan sandals vegan heels & wedges vegan boots sneakers wedding shoes shoes on trend spring shoes espadrilles low heels leather shoes animal prints shoes on sale shoes $25 & under clothing tops all tops casual tops dressy tops sexy tops sleeveless short sleeve long sleeve blouses and shirts sweaters outerwear tees tank tops crop tops bodysuits bottoms all bottoms skirts pants shorts overalls rompers & jumpsuits swimwear all swim bikinis one-piece swimsuits cover-ups denim all denim jeans shorts skirts office outerwear all outerwear light jackets blazers knitwear lingerie shop by trend ruffles & lace resort street style off-the-shoulder stripes beyond basics animal prints on sale all clothing on sale tops on sale bottoms on sale dresses on sale accessories all accessories handbags & purses clutches totes & backpacks vegan handbags and purses jewelry all jewelry necklaces earrings bracelets rings sterling silver sunglasses hats belts scarves shop by trend boho jewelry layered necklaces sterling silver on sale accessories on sale jewelry on sale sale all sale current promotions shop by discount 20% off 40% off 50% off 70%+ off shop by category dresses on sale clothing on sale shoes on sale tops on sale bottoms on sale accessories on sale jewelry on sale swimwear on sale sign in account overview create account initiate a return track your order view wishlist check out your loves close sign in hi, gorgeous! sign in to access love rewards! hi, you're a vip! want vip perks? place 0 more orders before to qualify. create account track your order initiate a return view account see your loves view wishlists sign out loves see an item you love?click the heart tocurate a collectionof all your faves! sign in create account item has been added to bag! items not reserved and may sell out. item in bag subtotal: $0 only until free shipping (us states only) view your bag checkout your bag is empty. prom dresses white dresses 15% off for students vacay dresses swimwear live chat careers available positions warehouse associates-seasonal- chico, ca as a warehouse team member you will work alongside one of our high-energy teams processing lulus product. we have openings in receiving, returns, replenishment and fulfillment. please note these are seasonal non-exempt positions. qualifications: will follow and abide by all lulus safety policies, programs, and procedures. ideally available to work full-time, including weekends and overtime if needed. strong attention to detail. efficient time management. ability to move quickly on your feet up to 10 hours a day. lift and move up to 50 lbs. proficient use of computer and software applications. accurate. limited part-time weekend shifts available as well (two 10 hr days) pay rate: starting at $12.50/hr with opportunity to add performance based incentive pay. you will have the opportunity to earn full-time employment status based on excellent performance, attendance, and position availability upon season end. otherwise, you will be eligible to return for a future season if you wish to apply. work environment: duties are performed both inside and outside in varying temperatures including heat, cold and sometimes wet or humid conditions. exposure to high background noise is probable. physical requirements for performing essential duties: sitting/standing/walking: approximately 90% of the time is spent in varying work areas 10% of time spent in an office environment. speaking/hearing: ability to effectively communicate and coordinate co-workers and subordinates. vision: ability to visualize items around work area, able assess weights and judge distances and heights. good eye-hand/foot coordination. lifting/carrying: ability to lift/carry 50 lbs by hand. stooping/kneeling: ability to stoop and/or kneel to access locations as needed. additional information: lulus is an equal-opportunity employer and is committed to providing a workplace free from harassment or discrimination. all employment decisions are to be made without regard to race, color, age, gender, sexual orientation, religion, marital status, pregnancy, national origin/ancestry, citizenship, physical/mental disability, military status or any other basis prohibited by law. interested? apply here! part-time customer service agent- chico, ca do you enjoy helping others? are you fashion minded and keep up with current fashion trends? this could be the perfect job for you! lulus.com is seeking friendly, enthusiastic, detail-oriented individuals with excellent communication skills to fill part-time customer service positions. pay rate: $15.00 per hour responsibilities: answer customer questions and assist them with order placement and site navigation through phone, chat, and email. assist customers with making purchasing decisions. resolve any and all customer issues in a timely, upbeat, and friendly manner. manually place new orders. field customer questions, concerns & problems. maintain a thorough working knowledge of the company's products and relay this information to customers. develop rapport with customers qualifications: strong interpersonal skills. professional phone etiquette. proficient use of computer and software applications (microsoft office, google docs, email). exceptional grammar and punctuation. creative problem solving. knowledge of customer service principles and best practices. ability to multitask. ability to work in a team as well as independently. one to two years of experience in providing customer service from a call center in either call or text format. aa or bachelors degree in a related subject preferred. additional information: this is a part-time position. perks include a 401(k) with company match, and fantastic employee discount program! lulus is an equal-opportunity employer and is committed to providing a workplace free from harassment or discrimination. all employment decisions are to be made without regard to race, color, age, gender, sexual orientation, religion, marital status, pregnancy, national origin/ancestry, citizenship, physical/mental disability, military status or any other basis prohibited by law. resume and cover letter required. incomplete applications will not be considered. interested? apply here! full-time customer service agent- chico, ca do you enjoy helping others? are you fashion minded and keep up with current fashion trends? this could be the perfect job for you! lulus.com is seeking friendly, enthusiastic, detail-oriented individuals with excellent communication skills to fill full-time customer service positions. pay rate: $15.00 per hour responsibilities: answer customer questions and assist them with order placement and site navigation through phone, chat, and email. assist customers with making purchasing decisions. resolve any and all customer issues in a timely, upbeat, and friendly manner. manually place new orders. field customer questions, concerns & problems. maintain a thorough working knowledge of the company's products and relay this information to customers. develop rapport with customers qualifications: strong interpersonal skills. professional phone etiquette. proficient use of computer and software applications (microsoft office, google docs, email). exceptional grammar and punctuation. creative problem solving. knowledge of customer service principles and best practices. ability to multitask. ability to work in a team as well as independently. one to two years of experience in providing customer service from a call center in either call or text format. aa or bachelors degree in a related subject preferred. additional information: this is a full-time position. it comes with a fantastic benefits package including comprehensive health insurance and 401(k) with company match, as well as a generous paid time off program (just to name a few). lulus is an equal-opportunity employer and is committed to providing a workplace free from harassment or discrimination. all employment decisions are to be made without regard to race, color, age, gender, sexual orientation, religion, marital status, pregnancy, national origin/ancestry, citizenship, physical/mental disability, military status or any other basis prohibited by law. resume and cover letter required. incomplete applications will not be considered. interested? apply here! photo editor- chico, ca as a part of our creative team our photo editors are responsible for retouching product images for lulus.com. the ideal candidate must have a good eye for photo quality, composition, and color accuracy. qualifications: edit product photos under the general direction of the photo lead, senior retoucher, and art director. crop, color correct, and adjust images as necessary to achieve company standards. editing images for social media. compositing. creating contact sheets. small graphic design projects. expert knowledge of adobe photoshop. ability to work collaboratively in a fast-paced environment. previous experience in photo retouching for a business or independent photographer preferred. working knowledge of other adobe creative suite programs preferred. experience with graphics tablet preferred. graphic design, photography, and lighting design experience preferred. additional information: this is a full-time position. it comes with a fantastic benefits package including comprehensive health insurance and 401(k) with company match, as well as a generous paid time off program (just to name a few). lulus is an equal-opportunity employer and is committed to providing a workplace free from harassment or discrimination. all employment decisions are to be made without regard to race, color, age, gender, sexual orientation, religion, marital status, pregnancy, national origin/ancestry, citizenship, physical/mental disability, military status or any other basis prohibited by law. interested? apply here! product manager-mobile- chico, ca as the product manager of the lulus.com mobile app you will have the responsibility of meeting the lulus.com mobile app mau, sessions, engagement, conversions, and revenue targets. the product manager is responsible for ensuring initiatives are delivered successfully by conducting research, generating product and process requirements, determining specifications, and establishing product delivery road maps. the product manager will work collaboratively with business owners, software development team(s), 3rd party vendors, and executive stakeholders. responsibilities: manages towards the commercial success of the lulus mobile app, focused on maus, sessions, engagement, conversions, and revenue growth targets over time. continuously drives new app downloads, increases registrations, improves engagement, converts engagement into revenue, reengages app users for increased repeat and retention: makes lulus app users lulus fans. manages product &amp; process initiatives in a manner that aligns with corporate initiatives and are delivered successfully. collaborates with stakeholders, executive management, and internal teams to capture the product vision. takes a continuous test driven product approach to identify and quantify improvement opportunities. works with project manager and/or product owner on all new product launches and functionality/process changes. responsible for continuous planning process that includes presenting results from the previous efforts proposing applicable changes, and presenting the road map for the near and medium term. collaborates with product owner and development team to identify the business and operational requirements of the lulus mobile app based upon the business requirements and objectives. leads research and development initiatives in all aspects of mobile app development: user experience, user interface, speed/performance, engagement, marketing, analytics, and 3rd party partners. serves as the voice of customers, mobile experience and product expert, including interoperability with integrated systems and processes. develops and conducts specialized training on new products launched and raise awareness &amp; application of relevant subject matter. ensures all product releases meet functionality, performance, quality standards, and timelines and that success if measured and reported accordingly. required experience: 3-5 years progressive product management experience. 3-5 years with mobile web and/or mobile app for b2c ecommerce. experience in product development, strategic planning, and implementation. proven ability to work directly with product design, business owners, user experience design, marketing, and programming teams. proficiency in ms office applications including strong knowledge in word, excel and ms project. experience with scrum and agile development methodology preferred. bachelor degree in computer science, information systems, business, or marketing or equivalent experience. high school diploma required. qualifications: self-starter with personal initiative and the ability to both give and receive direction. business mindset with the ability to grasp complex concepts and develop clear, concise, synthesized recommendations. ability to apply logical thinking and sound judgment to a wide range of practical problems. excellent communication, documentation, and presentation skills. consensus building skills and the ability to summarize important points quickly and effectively. conveys clear and concise messages appropriate to the intended through effective oral and written communication. uses effective project management skills and tools to facilitate projects, remove barriers, monitor milestones, and accomplish deliverables according to plan. displays a high level of critical thinking with process analysis and problem resolution. additional information: this is a full-time position. it comes with a fantastic benefits package including comprehensive health insurance and 401(k) with company match, as well as a generous paid time off program (just to name a few). lulus is an equal-opportunity employer and is committed to providing a workplace free from harassment or discrimination. all employment decisions are to be made without regard to race, color, age, gender, sexual orientation, religion, marital status, pregnancy, national origin/ancestry, citizenship, physical/mental disability, military status or any other basis prohibited by law. interested? apply here! desktop support lead- chico, ca lulus is seeking a desktop support lead. this role will be the main point of contact for the internal help desk and will be responsible for day to day operation and triage of support requests, in addition to assisting with the support of the local area network (lan). responsibilities: maintain data security/continuity (virus protection, backup, restore, etc.). maintain system builds. troubleshoot and maintain label and multi-function printers. prep and deploy computers into production environment. provide desktop support. provide voip support. maintain inventory of all equipment, software and software licenses. maintain lan equipment. performs other related duties as assigned. triage all incoming support requests and delegate tasks to tier 1 support. serve as tier 2 support and escalation point for help desk team. individual must: be detail-oriented, organized and dependable. have excellent technical troubleshooting skills. have excellent verbal and written communication skills. ability to multitask, prioritize, manage time effectively, and work independently. possess strong communication skills. independently resolve problems as they arise. mcse certifications strongly preferred. qualifications: networking: tcp/ip, routing, subnet topology, switches, routers, firewalls - working knowledge of vpn, wan and lan connectivity, voip phone systems, wireless. desktop support: various web browsers, microsoft office, virus/malware removal, email troubleshooting, lan connectivity, printer support, adobe suite, laptop and desktop hardware, windows os, application of os patches and upgrades. operating systems: windows 7, 8, 8.1, 10. windows server 2012 and 2016. red hat, centos, ubuntu, kali. android/ios. virtualization: vmware, oracle virtualbox, microsoft hyper-v. additional information: this is a full-time position. it comes with a fantastic benefits package including comprehensive health insurance and 401(k) with company match, as well as a generous paid time off program (just to name a few). lulus is an equal-opportunity employer and is committed to providing a workplace free from harassment or discrimination. all employment decisions are to be made without regard to race, color, age, gender, sexual orientation, religion, marital status, pregnancy, national origin/ancestry, citizenship, physical/mental disability, military status or any other basis prohibited by law. interested? apply here! desktop support technician- chico, ca lulus is seeking a desktop support technician. this role will assist with the support of the local area network (lan), asset management, and desktop support installing new computers, anti-virus software, among other projects assigned by management. responsibilities: maintain data security/continuity (virus protection, backup, restore, etc.). maintain system builds. provide desktop support. provide voip support. maintain an inventory of all equipment, software and software licenses. maintain lan equipment. performs other related duties as assigned. qualifications: prior desktop support experience. detail-oriented, organized and dependable. have excellent verbal and written communication skills. ability to multitask, prioritize, manage time effectively, and work independently. mcse certifications strongly preferred. networking experience: tcp/ip, routing, subnet topology, switches, routers, firewalls - working knowledge of pf/pfsense, vpn, wan and lan connectivity, voip phone systems, wireless desktop support. various web browsers, microsoft office, virus/malware removal, email troubleshooting, lan connectivity, printer support, adobe suite, troubleshoot hardware issues, troubleshoot os issues, apply os patches and upgrades. linux: working knowledge with popular distros: red hat, centos, ubuntu, kali, etc. virtualization. work environment: duties are performed both inside and outside in varying temperatures including heat, cold and sometimes wet or humid conditions. exposure to high background noise is probable. additional information: this is a full-time position. it comes with a fantastic benefits package including comprehensive health insurance and 401(k) with company match, as well as a generous paid time off program (just to name a few). lulus is an equal-opportunity employer and is committed to providing a workplace free from harassment or discrimination. all employment decisions are to be made without regard to race, color, age, gender, sexual orientation, religion, marital status, pregnancy, national origin/ancestry, citizenship, physical/mental disabilities, military status or any other basis prohibited by law. interested? apply here! studio assistant- chico, ca lulus is looking for an organized, productive, self-sufficient individual with an interest in fashion. they will be assisting the studio team to help keep the production flow efficient and smooth. must possess an impeccable work ethic and have an ability to take direction well. responsibilities: steam, organize, and manage all incoming product. clean, organize, and maintain studio work area. check in, steam, and organize all top samples. assist in break down/set up for all sets on shoot days. pull, steam, and manage inventory of clothes / accessories. confirm and organize all products shot in studio. qualifications: high level of accuracy and attention to detail. interest in fashion. ability to prioritize and manage time efficiently. enjoy organization. ability to work independently with minimal supervision. ability to take direction, while also being proactive of completing daily tasks. additional information: this is a full-time position. it comes with a fantastic benefits package including comprehensive health insurance and 401(k) with company match, as well as a generous paid time off program (just to name a few). lulus is an equal-opportunity employer and is committed to providing a workplace free from harassment or discrimination. all employment decisions are to be made without regard to race, color, age, gender, sexual orientation, religion, marital status, pregnancy, national origin/ancestry, citizenship, physical/mental disability, military status or any other basis prohibited by law. interested? apply here! accessories developer- los angeles, ca are you an extremely creative buyer or in house designer? this could be the perfect job for you! looking for someone who innately understands the lulus woman! as an accessories developer you will manage product creation process from initial concept to hand off to buyer(s). our developers collaborate daily with buying/production teams and outside vendor base. you will execute product development for this category as outlined by cmo, with the goal of a high adoption rate by buyers, while maintaining product margins and product integrity. who are we looking for? ideal candidate is extremely passionate about product, trend and quality must possess an innate knowledge of the lulus woman and brand ideal candidate flourishes in a highly creative role and comes to work every day excited to be developing key pieces that delight our customers with style, fit and better than expected value responsibilities: product development responsible for growth and development of lulus branded product by proactively managing the development process including private label and exclusive styles daily communication with vendors to ensure all samples are accurate and received on time lead and manage projects from inception to po creation for each season and/or categories outlined by cmo coordinate and monitor prototype samples for fit, quality, execution and construction increase of product range and offering by contributing ideas for product design, construction, materials, compounds and components at an advanced level to achieve performance, margin targets and retail pricing with an understanding of the lulus customer develop products that meet or exceed predetermined gross margin targets while, at the same time, providing value for the lulus customer operate with a complete understanding of the development process (which may include design, engineering, pre-costing, and/or overseas development) deliver high quality product during seasonally appropriate periods while maintaining established profit margins. understand the schedules, output and demands of both domestic vendors and overseas factories work with buying on weekly markdowns of slow selling product with a goal to understand outdated trends, colors and seasonality of product qualifications: 3+ years of product development experience (direct work experience with product ranges, sku analytics, line planning and organization) ability to create functional, appealing and on point product designs familiarity with production processes and materials, lead times, and basic manufacturing processes advanced knowledge of microsoft office/google drive. excellent attention to detail high energy excellent communication; written, oral and group facilitation work well under pressure. meet multiple, and sometimes, competing deadlines ability to build and maintain positive relationships both internally and externally additional information: this is a full-time position. it comes with a fantastic benefits package including comprehensive health insurance and 401(k) with company match, as well as a generous paid time off program (just to name a few). lulus is an equal-opportunity employer and is committed to providing a workplace free from harassment or discrimination. all employment decisions are to be made without regard to race, color, age, gender, sexual orientation, religion, marital status, pregnancy, national origin/ancestry, citizenship, physical/mental disability, military status or any other basis prohibited by law. interested? apply here! apparel developer-casual day dress- los angeles, ca are you an extremely creative buyer or in-house designer? this could be the perfect job for you! looking for someone who innately understands the lulus woman! as a casual day dress apparel developer, you will manage product creation process from initial concept to hand off to buyer(s). apparel developers collaborate daily with buying/production teams and outside vendor base. you will execute product development for this category as outlined by cmo, with the goal of a high adoption rate by buyers, while maintaining product margins and product integrity. who are we looking for? ideal candidate is extremely passionate about product, trend and quality. must possess an innate knowledge of the lulus woman and brand. ideal candidate flourishes in a highly creative role and comes to work every day excited to be developing key pieces that delight our customers with style, fit and better than expected value. responsibilities: product development. responsible for growth and development of lulus branded product by proactively managing the development process including private label and exclusive styles. daily communication with vendors to ensure all samples are accurate and received on time. lead and manage projects from inception to po creation for each season and/or categories outlined by cmo. coordinate and monitor prototype samples for fit, quality, execution and construction. increase of product range and offering by contributing ideas for product design, construction, materials, compounds and components at an advanced level to achieve performance, margin targets and retail pricing with an understanding of the lulus customer. develop products that meet or exceed predetermined gross margin targets while, at the same time, providing value for the lulus customer. operate with a complete understanding of the development process (which may include design, engineering, pre-costing, and/or overseas development). deliver high quality product during seasonally appropriate periods while maintaining established profit margins. understand the schedules, output and demands of both domestic vendors and overseas factories. work with buying on weekly markdowns of slow selling product with a goal to understand outdated trends, colors and seasonality of product. qualifications: 3+ years of product development experience (direct work experience with product ranges, sku analytics, line planning and organization). ability to create functional, appealing and on point product designs. familiarity with production processes and materials, lead times, and basic manufacturing processes. advanced knowledge of microsoft office/google drive. excellent attention to detail. high energy. excellent communication; written, oral and group facilitation. work well under pressure. meet multiple, and sometimes, competing deadlines. ability to build and maintain positive relationships both internally and externally. additional information: this is a full-time position. it comes with a fantastic benefits package including comprehensive health insurance and 401(k) with company match, as well as a generous paid time off program (just to name a few). lulus is an equal-opportunity employer and is committed to providing a workplace free from harassment or discrimination. all employment decisions are to be made without regard to race, color, age, gender, sexual orientation, religion, marital status, pregnancy, national origin/ancestry, citizenship, physical/mental disability, military status or any other basis prohibited by law. ininterested? apply here! manager, financial planning and analysis- los angeles, ca as our financial planning and analysis manager you will be an integral part of the finance and accounting team and report to the director of fp&a. the fp&a manager will assist with the preparation of internal/external financial reports, board of directors materials, monthly financial analysis materials, and provide ad hoc analysis for the organization. job duties & responsibilities: develop financial models, forecasts, proposals, presentations and performance measures to support company goals and provide confidence to executives regarding financial decisions. analyze financial results, understand key trends, assess current and future business risks and opportunities, communicate insights and actions. help lead and execute annual budget, long-range planning and monthly preparation of financial forecasts. provide guidance and counsel in development of long term plans involving strategy development, resource allocations, timelines and financial outcomes. partner with business operations, and other key stakeholders to generate requested reporting and analysis. provide frequent updates through departmental reports to ensure alignment on financial and operational goals. assist in developing finance and business presentations with an eye towards continuously improving financial and kpi reporting. prepare board-level presentations that encompass business reviews and operational and strategic initiatives. qualifications: fluency in three-statement financial modeling and analysis; experience with retail e-commerce business model, a plus. high degree of proficiency with excel and powerpoint. solid understanding of accounting and finance principles. 2+ years in a corporate finance or investment banking role (preferred). superior analytical skills and problem-solving skills; adept at using logic and reasoning to work through problems and analyze information. skills and character traits: strong interpersonal and communication skills with proven success collaborating with various teams across the organization. organized, flexible and easily adaptable to changing conditions. ability to work well in high pressure situations in order to meet deadlines and competing priorities. high ownership of work product and dedication and commitment to driving results. appreciate different perspectives and use them to suggest and implement solutions. takes accountability for delivering on commitments; owns mistakes and uses them as opportunities for learning and development. additional information: this is a full-time position. it comes with a fantastic benefits package including comprehensive health insurance and 401(k) with company match, as well as a generous paid time off program (just to name a few). lulus is an equal-opportunity employer and is committed to providing a workplace free from harassment or discrimination. all employment decisions are to be made without regard to race, color, age, gender, sexual orientation, religion, marital status, pregnancy, national origin/ancestry, citizenship, physical/mental disability, military status or any other basis prohibited by law. interested? apply here! production assistant- los angeles, ca the production assistant will provide overall support to the production team at lulus.com. they will assist with administrative tasks for the department in an effort to ensure that the production team is operating efficiently, with the most current and updated information available. responsibilities: communicate with vendors and factories via phone, email, or in person daily. assist in reviewing samples and communicating changes and approvals. follow-up for on-time production delivery. assisting in the management of all sourcing and production processes. data entry system updates. organize samples and track approvals. assist with pricing and lead time for production. manage production list. qualifications: 1-2 years relevant industry experience. knowledge of fabric, garment construction, measurements, and fitting. detail oriented. ability to be proactive and a self-starter. strong written and verbal communication skills. ability to multi-task in a fast-paced environment. ability to type quickly and efficiently (wpm: 50+). excellent skills in microsoft word/excel/outlook/powerpoint. english/korean bilingual strongly preferred. additional information: this is a full-time position. it comes with a fantastic benefits package including comprehensive health insurance and 401(k) with company match, as well as a generous paid time off program (just to name a few). lulus is an equal-opportunity employer and is committed to providing a workplace free from harassment or discrimination. all employment decisions are to be made without regard to race, color, age, gender, sexual orientation, religion, marital status, pregnancy, national origin/ancestry, citizenship, physical/mental disability, military status or any other basis prohibited by law. interested? apply here! returns department manger- easton, pa the returns department manager plays a critical role in the quality control business process. they are responsible for the management of lulus team of quality control personnel, setting expectations, directing, and motivating staff members to exceed business goals, while focusing on returns accuracy, the opening process, and folding/inventory workflow. the person occupying this position is expected to exemplify lulus core values and lead by example. as result of this person's efforts, lulus returns department will be able to run in a lean and efficient manner. responsibilities: returns: understanding of formula calculations. ability to understand kpis, costing tools, and related methods in order to increase efficiency. oversee the day to day functions of the returns and quality control team and troubleshoot issues as they arise. maintain material requisition sheets/emails for the department to ensure proper supply levels of returns/quality essential items. review current processes/sop and constantly look for improvements to be made. experience participating and leading continuous improvement efforts. must have working familiarity with tools used for 6 sigma, lean, and/or total quality management. familiar with training within industry or related methods for hands on practical training of key job skills. demonstrated ability to draft complex external and internal communication in english. personnel management: communicate clear performance expectations and initiatives to all personnel. ensure personnel are held accountable for performance results and behaviors. schedule returns and quality control personnel and maintain staffing levels that ensure that all returns and quality control functions are completed on all processing shifts includes filling in on shifts when necessary. create a working environment within the department that enhances employee performance and retention. provide continuous coaching to personnel. responsible for seeing that appropriate discipline is administered according to company policy. participate in hiring of returns department personnel. including participating in final decision regarding extending job offers. safety: adhere to safety programs to provide a safe and clean workplace for fellow employees within the regulations of all osha local, state, and federal regulations. champion safety processes, ergonomic efforts and create environment where all staff hold each other accountable for keeping co-workers safe. actively work to prevent/eliminate hazards. abide by rules and regulations as outlined in the lulus policies, department standard operating procedures (sop), illness and injury prevention plan (iipp), and employee handbook. qualifications: will follow and abide by all lulus safety policies, programs, and procedures. a minimum of three to five years of management experience preferably in receiving, inventory, quality control, or warehousing. one to two years of experience with netsuite or similar erp systems is a plus. demonstrated understanding of freight expense and carrier selection a plus. excellent communication; written, oral and group facilitation. ability to handle confidential information in a private and professional manner. demonstrate cooperative behavior with colleagues, supervisors, and managers always. work well under pressure. meet multiple, and sometimes, competing deadlines. ability to build and maintain positive relationships both internally and externally. intermediate microsoft office (excel, word, outlook, sharepoint). work environment: duties are performed both inside and outside in varying temperatures including heat, cold and sometimes wet or humid conditions. exposure to high background noise is probable. physical requirements for performing essential duties: sitting/standing/walking: approximately 90% of the time is spent in varying work areas 10% of time spent in an office environment. speaking/hearing: ability to effectively communicate and coordinate co-workers and subordinates. vision: ability to visualize items around work area, able assess weights and judge distances and heights. good eye-hand/foot coordination. lifting/carrying: ability to lift/carry 50 lbs by hand. stooping/kneeling: ability to stoop and/or kneel to access locations as needed. additional information: this is a full-time position. it comes with a fantastic benefits package including comprehensive health insurance and 401(k) with company match, as well as a generous paid time off program (just to name a few). lulus is an equal-opportunity employer and is committed to providing a workplace free from harassment or discrimination. all employment decisions are to be made without regard to race, color, age, gender, sexual orientation, religion, marital status, pregnancy, national origin/ancestry, citizenship, physical/mental disability, military status or any other basis prohibited by law. interested? apply here! team leads- easton, pa lulus is currently hiring team leads for a variety of departments within our distribution center. as a part of the department leadership team you will be overseeing up to 50 warehouse associates. you will ensure that workflow operates smoothly and that the staff is able to work continuously and efficiently. the person occupying this position is expected to manage work assignments, monitor task progress, and meet multiple deadlines. a key part of your role will be consistently communicating metrics as well as any issues or errors during your shift to the following shift lead and department manager. this position is also responsible for opening and closing the warehouse, managing the alarm system for the warehouse or other tasks as assigned by the department manager. qualifications: will follow and abide by all lulus safety policies, programs, and procedures. 1+ yrs. experience in a supervisory role over a team of 20+ (ideally in a warehouse environment). knowledge of excel and google suite. experience with adobe wms or other order management system preferred. excellent communication; written (slack or email), oral and group facilitation. prior experience working in a warehouse environment desired. must be able to adapt quickly and cooperatively to change and be willing to jump in to help fulfillment staff as needed. demonstrate cooperative behavior with colleagues, supervisors, and managers at all times. work well under pressure. meet multiple, and sometimes, competing deadlines. high school diploma or ged required. work environment: duties are performed both inside and outside in varying temperatures including heat, cold and sometimes wet or humid conditions. exposure to high background noise is probable. physical requirements for performing essential duties: sitting/standing/walking: approximately 90% of the time is spent in varying work areas 10% of time spent in an office environment. speaking/hearing: ability to effectively communicate and coordinate co-workers and subordinates. vision: ability to visualize items around work area, able assess weights and judge distances and heights. good eye-hand/foot coordination. lifting/carrying: ability to lift/carry 50 lbs by hand. stooping/kneeling: ability to stoop and/or kneel to access locations as needed. additional information: this is a full-time position. it comes with a fantastic benefits package including comprehensive health insurance and 401(k) with company match, as well as a generous paid time off program (just to name a few). lulus is an equal-opportunity employer and is committed to providing a workplace free from harassment or discrimination. all employment decisions are to be made without regard to race, color, age, gender, sexual orientation, religion, marital status, pregnancy, national origin/ancestry, citizenship, physical/mental disability, military status or any other basis prohibited by law. interested? apply here! operations supervisor- easton, pa lulus distribution center operations supervisors are responsible for planning, assigning, and directing the work, as well as training team members to safely and successfully perform daily responsibilities and meet established expectations. additionally, the operations supervisors ensure operations and responsibilities are carried out in accordance with lulus policies, procedures and applicable state laws. key responsibilities: execute against established warehouse performance objectives and achieve set company objectives regarding cost, productivity, customer service, and team members. manage operational procedures for verification of incoming and outgoing shipments, handle and disposition merchandise, and monitor warehouse inventory. study production schedules and estimate worker hour requirements for completion of job assignment while maintaining time and production records. track communicate and route reports to designated warehouse personnel. operate facility in compliance with federal, state, and local statutes to establish and always practice a culture of safety. lulus is an excellent company to establish your warehouse operations career path with a progressive 100% online retailer success in this role leads to greater responsibilities and promotions! a career at lulus starts with learning about our business and how each team member plays a part each and every day to satisfy our customers requirements. we believe in keeping you informed whether its at our daily start-up shift meetings, weekly alignment meetings or curbside discussions with senior company leaders. qualifications: education and experience: 2+ years direct leading production units in a warehouse setting. highly desirable experience with performance metrics, process improvement and lean techniques. high school diploma or ged required. 2 or 4 year college degree preferred. knowledge, skills, and abilities: excellent attention to detail to ensure accuracy when inspecting, counting, picking and putting away. walking in the dc and surrounding area with great frequency; facilities are over a quarter mile in length. ability to work in construction /distribution environments that may be noisy, unlit, unheated, not air-conditioned. flexible and able to multitask in a fast-paced environment and able to meet deadlines. able to access all areas of building (ascending and descending ladders, stairs, gangways safely and without limitation). quick learner, open and able to adapt with new tasks and processes. preferred qualifications: experience with a contingent workforce during peak seasons. ability to handle changing priorities and use good judgment in stressful situations. interest in long-term career development through assignments in multiple fcs across the nation. work environment: duties are performed both inside and outside in varying temperatures including heat, cold and sometimes wet or humid conditions. exposure to occasionally high background noise is probable. additional information: full-time availability is required. position comes with competitive pay, a fantastic benefits package including comprehensive health insurance and 401(k) with company match, as well as a generous paid time off program (just to name a few). lulus is an equal-opportunity employer and is committed to providing a workplace free from harassment or discrimination. all employment decisions are to be made without regard to race, color, age, gender, sexual orientation, religion, marital status, pregnancy, national origin/ancestry, citizenship, physical/mental disability, military status or any other basis prohibited by law. interested? apply here! inventory manager- easton, pa the inventory manager serves in a leadership capacity to supervise and oversee the inventory control operations, and manages the overall processes involved in auditing and reporting. additionally, this role ensures the accuracy and integrity of the company's inventory. this will be accomplished through extensive coordination and communication with both internal and external customers, vendors, carriers, suppliers, and agents. this position is directly responsible for the implementation of procedures and training. responsibilities: accountable for the cycle count program and year-end physical inventory counts researches discrepancies and ensures timely adjustments. generates regular (daily, weekly and ad-hoc) inventory reports regarding inventory status and adjustments. evaluates and determines needs for as needed additional reports and process improvements. minimizes obsolescence and manages inventory returns (identify process improvements). manages the inventory replenishment process and analyzes changes to inventory levels, develop, implement, update and monitors all new and existing procedures and guidelines for inventory processes involved in handling of inventory and ensures accuracy and quality. ensures compliance with established procedures and maintains effective internal control over physical product flow and accounting of inventory areas. familiar with lean methodologies with a history of implementing metrics to track performance. able to effectively communicate with internal/external partners and comfortable communicating with corporate leaders. additional special projects, tasks, duties and responsibilities as assigned by management. qualifications: will follow and abide by all lulus safety policies, programs, and procedures. minimum 5 years management experience in job related field and knowledge/experience in supply chain, inventory control, warehouse management, shipping & receiving and/or purchasing. excellent verbal and written communication skills with ability to communicate effectively both internally and externally customers and corporate leadership. must demonstrate professionalism, diplomacy and effective negotiation skills. effective time management skills with the ability to prioritize, organize, and manage multiple tasks and projects with accuracy and attention to detail and follow through. proficient knowledge of erp systems, microsoft office (excel, power point and access), ucc128 and gs1 standards. ba degree strongly preferred work environment: duties are performed both inside and outside in varying temperatures including heat, cold and sometimes wet or humid conditions. exposure to high background noise is probable. physical requirements for performing essential duties: sitting/standing/walking: approximately 90% of the time is spent in varying work areas 10% of time spent in an office environment. speaking/hearing: ability to effectively communicate and coordinate co-workers and subordinates. vision: ability to visualize items around work area, able assess weights and judge distances and heights. good eye-hand/foot coordination. lifting/carrying: ability to lift/carry 50 lbs by hand. stooping/kneeling: ability to stoop and/or kneel to access locations as needed. additional information: this is a full-time position. it comes with a fantastic benefits package including comprehensive health insurance and 401(k) with company match, as well as a generous paid time off program (just to name a few). lulus is an equal-opportunity employer and is committed to providing a workplace free from harassment or discrimination. all employment decisions are to be made without regard to race, color, age, gender, sexual orientation, religion, marital status, pregnancy, national origin/ancestry, citizenship, physical/mental disability, military status or any other basis prohibited by law. interested? apply here! available positions warehouse associates-seasonal- chico, ca part-time customer service agent- chico, ca full-time customer service agent- chico, ca photo editor- chico, ca product manager-mobile- chico, ca desktop support lead- chico, ca desktop support technician- chico, ca studio assistant- chico, ca accessories developer- los angeles, ca apparel developer-casual day dress- los angeles, ca manager, financial planning and analysis- los angeles, ca production assistant- los angeles, ca returns department manger- easton, pa team leads- easton, pa operations supervisor- easton, pa inventory manager- easton, pa sign up for promotional emails for 10% off! sign up help customer service return policy international orders contact us about us careers bridal concierge quick links view account initiate a return track your order guest order lookup gift cards affiliate program student discount love rewards terms & conditions privacy policy site map © 2019 lulus.com