来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20191202222008/https://www.lulus.com/customerservice/privacypolicy
================================================================================

feel safe shopping women's clothing with lulus privacy policy x need some retail therapy? we're here for you and shipping orders as usual! need some retail therapy? we're here for you and shipping orders as usual! need some retail therapy? we're herefor you and shipping orders as usual! shopnewbestsellersback in stocktop ratedtrendingwfh editfemme springweekend ready spring essentialssoft layering topsshopsthe lounge shopthe stay-in shopthe denim shopthe spring shopthe formal shopthe honeymoon shopcolor trendsneutralssagehues of bluewhiteyellowshop by lulus labelbrands we lovegift cardsgoing fastcoming soondressesall dressesextended sizing dresses under $50shop by stylecasual dressesmaxi dressesmidi dressesshort dressesbodycon dressesprint and florallittle black dresseslong sleeve dressesskater dressesbackless dressesclub dressesshift dressesshop by colorwhite dressesblack dressesblue dressesred dressespink dressesgreen dressesyellow dressespurple dressesgrey dressescoral & orange dressesshop by trendday dressessundressespuff sleeve dresseswrap dresseslace dresseslbdsone-shoulder dressesshop by occasionformal dressesvacation dressescocktail dressesparty dressesprom dressesnight out dressesbridalwedding dressesbridesmaid dresseswedding guest dressesextended sizingbridal shower dressesbachelorette dresseshoneymoon shopwedding shoeswedding accessories clothingtopsall topscasual topssweatersteestank topscrop topsbodysuitspuff sleeve topssleevelessshort sleevelong sleeveblouses and shirtssexy topsdressy topsknitwearloungeweardenimall denimjeansshortsskirtsjacketsoverallsdressesbottomsall bottomsskirtspantsshortsoverallsrompers & jumpsuitstwo-piece setsintimates & sleepwearouterwearall outerwearlight jacketsblazersofficeshop by trendtie-dyebeyond basicslounge essentialsruffles and tiers animal printsutilitarian capsule clothing on saleswimall swimbikinisone-piece swimsuitscover-upsshoesall shoesheelsall heelspumpsankle strap heelsmid-low heelsflatssneakerssandalsall sandalsflat sandalsthong sandalsheeled sandalswedge sandalsbootsall bootsankle bootsmid calf bootshigh heel bootslace-upslace-up heelsvegan shoesall vegan shoesvegan flatsvegan sandalsvegan heels & wedgesvegan bootswedgesmules & slideswedding shoesshoes on trendspring shoessneakerssquare toeslow heelsleather shoesanimal printsshoes on saleshoes $25 & underextrasall accessorieshandbags & pursesclutchestotes & backpacksvegan handbags & pursesjewelryall jewelrynecklacesearringsbraceletsringssterling silversunglasseshatsbeltsscarveshairshop by trendlayered necklacesdainty necklacesboho jewelryon saleaccessories on salejewelry on salesalelast chanceall saleshop by price$10 and under$15 and under$20 and under$25 and under$40 and underpromotionsdaily dealsshop by discount20% off40% off50% off70%+ offshop by categorydresses on saleclothing on saleshoes on saletops on salebottoms on saleaccessories on salejewelry on saleswimwear on salesearch sign in hi, gorgeous! sign in to access love rewards! sign in create account track your order initiate a return hi, ! you're 2 orders away from vip status!view accountsign out loves see an item you love? click the heart to curate a collection of all your faves! sign in create account 0your bag is empty. see details white dresses rompers tie-dye denim sweatshirts customer service is experiencing longer than normal wait times. we appreciate your understanding! see more customer service faqcontact usunited statesshippingreturns & exchangescanadashippingreturns & exchangesinternationalshippingreturns & exchangespaymentsaccounts & orders gift cards & online creditsizing & fitlove rewardsbridal conciergeklarna faqterms of servicecontests and giveawayspromotional terms and conditionsphoto submissions and using our hashtagscalifornia residentslove rewardsflash salesbuy two, get one freerefer a friendlulus friends and family programlulus sms text messagingprivacy policyaccessibilitylulus privacy policyeffective january 1, 2020 your privacy is our priority only the best we use your data to give youthe best shopping experience! locked up tight your data is highly secure-we protect it like it's our own! no spam you decide when and how youhear from us. unsubscribe anytime! clear communication have a question about your data?we're happy to answer! who we arethis privacy policy is an agreement between you and lulu’s fashion lounge, llc, which is known as lulus or lulus.com. along with our representatives, officers, shareholders, subsidiaries, affiliates, parents, employees, and agents (collectively “lulus” or “we” or “us” or “our”), we provide our website, lulus.com, to you subject to the following policy. for our european economic area (“eea”) customers, lulu’s fashion lounge, llc is the data controller – the company responsible for your personal information. you may contact us regarding this policy by emailing privacy@lulus.com or through the mail: lulus, attn: privacy, 195 humboldt ave., chico, ca 95928.who you areunder the lulus terms of service, you must be at least 18 years old and not a person barred from receiving services under the laws of the united states or other applicable jurisdictions to use our website. persons between the age of 13 and 18 should use our website only with the consent and supervision of your parents or guardian. we do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under the age of 13. if you are under 13, please do not submit personal information to us or use the website.accepting this privacy policyto provide you with services, including access to our website, we need to collect and process some information about you (your “personal information”). by using our website, you agree that we may do that in the ways described below. if you do not agree to these terms for any reason, you may simply stop using the website. we may amend or change this privacy policy from time to time. changes to the privacy policy will be posted to our website.information we collectto provide you with the full lulus shopping experience, we collect and retrieve your personal information in a number of different ways. why we collect your information and what we do with it depends on the type of information. the tables below provide more details.your name and contact detailsif you create a lulus account or place an order with us, we collect your name and contact details, such as your email address, shipping addresses, and phone number. we also collect your email address if you enter it on our website to join our mailing list. information collected why? name for shipment or billing details to personalize your contact or website experiences to prevent and detect fraud against either you or lulus email to send updates about your order to contact you regarding issues around your order, experience, contests entered, or requested product information to update you on items in your cart to keep you up to date about lulus products and promotions. we will only send you these emails with your permission, and you can unsubscribe at any time – just use the “unsubscribe” link at the bottom of any lulus email to prevent and detect fraud against either you or lulus phone number to contact you for urgent issues surrounding your order to prevent and detect fraud against either you or lulus to support you as a customer when requested if you opt into sms messaging, to send you sms messages about your order and/or for marketing purposes shipping address(es) to complete the shipment of your order to prevent and detect fraud against either you or lulus to allow us to understand and improve the experience for users like you your date of birth information information collected why? birthday to prevent and detect fraud against either you or lulus to send a birthday gift, if you are subscribed to our promotional emails birth year to improve and personalize your shopping experience your payment informationwhen you place an order, we require payment information on file. when you enter your payment information (credit card number, expiration date, and cvv code) it is sent directly to a secure third-party credit card processing center. lulus does not store any direct credit card or 3rd party payment information. we do store billing addresses, generic payment type, and, if you opt in, the last four digits of your credit card for your convenience during the ordering process. information collected why? billing address our payment partners require this information to process an order to prevent and detect fraud against either you or lulus generic payment type to give reference for support issues to alert you when we detect or are verifying fraudulent activity to allow us to understand and improve the experience for users like you last four digits of credit card to provide convenience for you when you choose to order again your contact history with uswhat you’ve said to us — for example, over the phone, on email, or on live chat. information collected why? email correspondence to respond to your requests to make sure you receive great customer service and ensure that any and all concerns or issues have been addressed for a historic record of your contacts to save time during your inquiries to ensure issues and questions you raised are proactively addressed for other customers to train our staff to ensure the best experience possible for all customers who contact us phone correspondence to respond to your requests to make sure you receive great customer service and ensure that any and all concerns or issues have been addressed to train our staff to ensure the best experience possible for all customers who contact us live chat logs to respond to your requests to make sure you receive great customer service and ensure that any and all concerns or issues have been addressed for a historic record of your contacts to save time during your inquiries to train our staff to ensure the best experience possible for all customers who contact us survey or site feedback to respond to your requests to make sure you receive great customer service and ensure that any and all concerns or issues have been addressed to improve the experience for you and other users purchase and product feedback history and saved productswhat you’ve bought, what’s in your shopping cart, what’s on your wishlist, and your loves (favorite items you’ve identified by clicking the lulus heart) information collected why? purchased items to fulfill and ship your order as requested to allow you to return and review delivered items to tailor your experience around your interests to improve our product selection and experience for you and other users to help our buyers make sure we have the best items in stock for you and other customers to prevent and detect fraud against either you or lulus items added to your cart to allow your order to be completed smoothly when you’re ready to check out to update you on items in your cart, including low quantity or sale status to tailor your experience around your interests wishlist items to allow you to save, organize, recall, and share items you’ve selected to allow us to personalize product recommendations toward your interests loved items to allow you quickly recall items and compare items you’ve selected to allow us to personalize product recommendations towards your interests reviewed items to better inform other customers about the pros and cons of a product to provide feedback on fit based on various physical attributes (eg: height, weight, body type, etc.) to help others see what our clothing looks like in real life to improve our products in the future information about your device type, and how you use our websitewe automatically receive and record information from your browser or device when you visit our site, including your ip address and device type (i.e. computer, tablet, or smartphone), cookies, and data about which pages you visit. this information is stored in log files and is collected automatically. if you have an account with us, we may combine this information with other personal information we collect about you. information collected why? ip address to ensure the security of our website and determine, on an anonymous basis, where our customers are located to prevent and detect fraud against either you or lulus device type to improve the experience for you and other users like you to resolve customer issues that center around devices, operating systems, or browsers used to prevent and detect fraud against either you or lulus and to keep your data secure page visit history to improve the experience for you and other users like you to respond to and resolve any customer issues based on a specific page or page type identification cookies to provide you with lulus advertising, including across your devices to provide you with a personalized shopping experience and ensure our advertising is relevant to you unique device id for app users, we may collect the unique device id to provide you with a personalized shopping experience and to synch with your online account location information if you have location tracking enabled on your browser or mobile application, we may collect your precise location we also may infer your location, for example by using your ip address in order to improve the experience for you and users like you. to determine, on an anonymous basis, where our customers are located to prevent and detect fraud against either you or lulus specific details about youyou may enter some specific details about yourself to help other customers or for personalization towards yourself. we collect body information related to fit measurements and photographs for product representations. you can choose to enter your fit details (height, body type, weight, and measurements) in your profile or as part of leaving product reviews for other customers. there are two ways we might have your photographs: if you post a photo review or if you accepted our request to use your photo from a third-party site (like instagram). we will never use your photograph without your express permission. information collected why? uploaded photos to help other customers see what our clothing looks like on actual customers to offer other customers the products and shopping experience most relevant to them to showcase styling ideas and product fit from other customers your fit details to help us better suggest products and sizes for you to help other customers better understand how products may fit them to help our buyers keep the best items in stock for you and other customers to help our customer service representatives guide you to the correct size your public reviews and blog commentswe allow our customers to provide public feedback in the form of reviews about our website and comments on our blog posts. please remember that any information that you disclose on public portions of the website, such as the reviews and blog comments, are not private and may be viewed (and potentially shared) on the lulus website and beyond. please use caution when deciding to disclose your personal information in the public portions of our website. information collected why? site review to improve the experience for you and other users like you to respond to your requests and ensure you receive great customer service blog comments to provide feedback based on your communications to allow us to reference contest entries anonymous aggregated informationwe also receive anonymous and aggregated personal information through data analytics services. we use these analytics to ensure our website functions and to improve the lulus shopping experience. these analytics services record information such as how often you visit lulus.com, what actions you take on our website, aggregated usage, performance data, errors and debugging information, and how you got to our website. we do not link the information from our analytics services to any personal information that you submit to us.our legal bases for collecting and processing your informationwhen you access or use our website, we collect, use, and otherwise process your personal information as described in this policy. we rely on a number of legal bases to use your information: as necessary to perform a contract with you or to take steps in preparation for a contract with you, including enabling you to make a purchase from us; because you have consented to the processing, such as for receiving marketing messages or third-party data sharing related to advertising; as necessary to comply with a legal obligation, a court order, or to exercise or defend legal claims; as necessary for the purposes of our or a third party’s legitimate interests; as necessary to protect your vital interests, or those of others. here are some of our legitimate interests for collecting and processing your personal information: detecting and preventing fraud: we have a legitimate interest in detecting and preventing fraud. to do so, it is necessary that we collect and retain information about each transaction made at lulus. our auditors require that we keep this information so they can verify that all transactions recorded by lulus were made by real customers. the credit card companies we work with require this information in the event that fraudulent charges are made using your credit card. providing access to and improving lulus.com: we may use your information to improve and customize our website, including sharing of your information for such purposes, and this is necessary to pursue our legitimate interests of improving our website and our products. this is also necessary to enable us to pursue our legitimate interest in understanding how our website is being used, and to develop and expand our customer base. it is also necessary to allow us to pursue our legitimate interest in improving our website’s functionality and in obtaining insights into what our customers and potential customers want. providing access to and improving our customer service: we may use your information to provide you with customer service, and also to improve the service we provide to all customers. this is necessary for us to pursue our legitimate interest in providing great customer service. improving our product offerings: we may use your information to improve the products offered at lulus, and to inform our buying team so they can provide you and our other customers with a great selection of products. this is necessary for us to pursue our legitimate interest in being your destination for affordable luxury. keeping our website and your data secure: we have a legitimate interest in ensuring the security of our website, including enhancing protection of our company and our customers against spam, harassment, intellectual property infringement, crime, and security risks of all kind.information we shareexcept as otherwise set forth in this privacy policy, we will not provide access to your personal information to third parties for any unauthorized purpose. we never sell or share your contact information to other companies for their direct marketing purposes. lulus works closely with third-party businesses (our “vendors” or “service providers” under the ccpa) for a variety of purposes, including assisting us to perform and improve the lulus website, to deliver your orders, and to provide advertising and email services. these vendors include payment processors, research companies, and analytics and security providers. these third parties have only limited access to your information, and may use your information only to perform these tasks on our behalf. we take reasonable steps to require that any such vendor complies with the terms of this privacy policy. it is necessary for us to share your information with some of our vendors in order to complete our contract with you; for example, to allow them to process payments and shipments and to help us keep our website secure. other vendors help us improve our website and our products; for example, by helping us conduct research into how we could better serve our customers, or reach new customers. we have a legitimate interest in working with these vendors to improve our business. we rely on your consent (which can be withdrawn at any time) to send marketing messages and for third-party sharing relating to advertising. lulus also may share demographic information about our website visitors with vendors, but it will be aggregated and de-personalized, so personal information is not revealed. your information will remain subject to the terms of this privacy policy even if we undergo a business transition. however, we may transfer your information to a successor person or entity upon an acquisition or other corporate reorganization. you hereby consent to such transfers, and agree that we may assign and transfer all of the rights, benefits, duties, and obligations of this privacy policy to a successor person or entity. we may also disclose your information if we have a good faith belief that we are required to do so by law or if acting with a good faith belief that such disclosure is reasonably necessary to: (1) comply with legal process; (2) enforce this policy or the terms; (3) respond to legal claims; (4) respond to your requests for customer service or transaction completion; or (5) protect the rights, property or personal safety of lulus, the website’s users or the public. in these cases, our use of your information may be necessary for the purposes of our or a third party’s legitimate interest in keeping our website secure, preventing harm or crime, enforcing or defending legal rights, or preventing damage. such use may also be necessary to comply with a legal obligation, a court order, or to exercise or defend legal claims. it may also be necessary in the public interest (such as to prevent crime).consent, control, retentionmuch of your information is stored in your lulus account profile. you may change or correct the information in your account profile by clicking here or emailing privacy@lulus.com. only your first and last name and email address are required to have an account with lulus. if you would like to cancel your account entirely, please email privacy@lulus.com. depending on your location, such as the eea, canada, california, and nevada, you may also have certain additional rights with respect to your information, such as: a)data access and portability (including the right to obtain a copy of your personal data, some of which is available through your account profile); b) data correction (including the ability to update your personal data, much of which you can change directly using your account settings); c) data deletion (including the right to have lulus delete your personal information, except information we are required by law to retain); d) withdrawal of consent (when we rely on your consent to process your information, such as for our marketing emails); and e) objection to processing (when our processing is based on legitimate interests; this includes, in limited circumstances, the right to ask lulus to stop processing your personal data). if you are located in california, the eea or canada and would like to exercise your rights, please email privacy@lulus.com with your request and your place of residence. unless you have exercised one of your rights listed above, lulus will retain your information for as long as is necessary for our legitimate business purposes. lulus will always retain data to the extent necessary to comply with our legal and financial obligations (for example, to satisfy our auditors, to comply with applicable tax/revenue laws, to enforce our agreements, and as otherwise described in this policy). without prejudice to any other rights you may have, if you are located in the eea or canada, you have the right to lodge a complaint with your local data protection regulator.cookies and advertisingwhen you visit lulus.com we insert some instructions on your computer or mobile device. these instructions will be in the form of a “cookie” or similar file. cookies are small pieces of instruction stored on your hard drive or device, not on our website. cookies provide us with information that we use to enhance your experience on lulus.com. there are two basic types of cookies. one is a session cookie which terminates when the user’s session ends. the second is a persistent cookie, which is a text file that remains stored on your computer for a period of time, generally until you delete them. your internet browser contains instructions about how to remove persistent cookies. if you reject all cookies, you may not be able to create or sign in to your account with us or otherwise take full advantage of the lulus.com website. we use cookies to collect information, on an aggregate basis, about how lulus.com is used. this information includes the date and time of visits to lulus.com and time spent on our website. we also use cookies to learn more about our audience size and usage patterns, to store information about your preferences to allow us to customize our website according to your interests and to provide a more personalized experience, to speed up searches or to recognize you when you return to our website, to identify the pages viewed or searched for, page response times, download errors, length of visits, page interaction information (such as click, scrolling, etc.) or methods used to browse away from a page, but none of our cookies is intended to identify you personally. you can obtain more information about cookies at http://www.allaboutcookies.org/. we may also use web beacons. a web beacon is an invisible graphic on a web page or email that is programmed to collect non-personally identifiable information about the use of a given website or newsletter, such as whether or not an email is opened and viewed.interest based advertisingour website integrates technologies of trusted advertising partners (third-party companies) that allow the recognition of your device and the collection of information about your browsing activity in order to provide advertisements about goods and services likely to be of greater interest to you. in particular, these partners collect information about your activity on this website to enable us to show advertisements for our products and/or services to you on third-party websites and apps. our partners may use non-cookie technologies on which browser settings that block cookies might have no effect. your browser may not permit you to block such technologies. for this reason, please keep in mind that you can block the collection and use of information related to you by advertising companies for the purpose of serving interest based advertising by visiting the following platforms of self-regulatory programs of which those companies are members: the nai’s opt-out platform: http://www.networkadvertising.org/choices/ the edaa’s opt-out platform http://www.youronlinechoices.com/ the daa’s opt-out platform: http://optout.aboutads.info/?c=2⟨=en please note that you will continue to receive generic advertisements. we also may share data, such as technical identifiers derived from your registration information on our website or our crm system with our advertising partners. this allows them to link devices or browsers and provide you a seamless experience across the different environments used or likely used by you. some of the advertising companies we work with include: facebook, pinterest, google ads, live intent, and criteo (http://www.criteo.com/privacy/). you may read more about our advertising partners’ services and technologies, as well as information about how to exercise your rights with them, in their privacy policies. some browsers have a “do not track” feature that lets you tell websites that you do not want to have your online activities tracked. at this time, we do not respond to browser “do not track” signals.security and storagehow we protect your informationwe take commercially reasonable steps to safeguard and deter unauthorized access to your information. lulus complies with the payment card industry data security standard (pci dss). this means that when we collect or transmit sensitive information such as a credit or debit card number, we use industry standard methods to protect that information. although we take reasonable measures to safeguard against unauthorized disclosures of your information, no e-commerce platform, website, electronic database or system is completely secure. where we are locatedlulus is located in the united states, and we primarily store your information in the united states. by using our website and/or providing us with information, you are agreeing to transfer and store your data in the united states. to our international customers: the privacy laws and standards in the united states, including the level of protection applied to your data and the rights of authorities to access your personal information, may differ from those that apply in the country in which you reside. the european commission has not made a determination that the united states adequately provides safeguards for the transfer of data, and at this time lulus has not put in place the exact safeguards set forth in gdpr article 46. the transfer of your data to the united states is necessary for the performance of our contract with you (so we can process your order) and/or to take pre-contractual measures at your request (i.e. to set up your lulus account). at times, we may transfer your personal information outside of the united states, in which case we take reasonable steps to make sure your personal information continues to be appropriately protected. however, no data transfer system is completely secure.third party websiteslulus.com contains links to other websites. other websites we link to include social platforms. we also use third-party plug-ins in certain places on our website. for example, when you click on an icon on the lulus website to share our products on a third party social platform, you are also loading content from that third-party site. that site may request cookies directly from your browser. these interactions are subject to the privacy policy and terms of service of the third-party site, not ours. we are not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such services. we do not make any representations regarding the policies or practices of third parties. when you use third-party sites or services, their own terms and privacy policies will govern your use of those sites or services. we encourage you to read the privacy policies of third parties before disclosing personal information to them. for the purposes of e.u. law, these third parties are independent controllers of data.your california privacy rightsthese additional disclosures apply only to individuals who reside in california. the california consumer privacy act of 2018 (“ ccpa ”) provides certain rights to california residents. the words used in this section have the meanings given to them in the ccpa, which may be broader than their common meaning. a. notice of collection. as described above in the “information we collect” section, we collect and use several categories of personal information about you for our business purposes. some of this information is shared with our trusted service providers in order to improve your shopping experience and to complete your order. b. request to know / request to delete. you have the right to request that we disclose certain information to you about our collection, use, disclosure, and sale of your personal information over the past 12 months. in the “information we collect” section above, we disclose the categories of personal information we collected about you. the categories of sources for the personal information we collected about you. our business or commercial purpose for collecting that personal information. the categories of third parties with whom we share that personal information. you also have the right to request that we disclose the specific pieces of personal information we collected about you.once we receive and confirm your verifiable consumer request, we will disclose to you: the specific pieces of personal information lulus has retained about you. you also have the right to request that we delete any of your personal information that we collected from you and retained, with certain exceptions. once we receive and confirm your verifiable consumer request, we will delete (and direct our service providers to delete) your personal information from our records, unless an exception applies. we reserve the right to retain and will not delete information that is necessary for us or our service providers to retain in order to: complete the transaction for which we collected the personal information, provide a product or service that you requested, take actions reasonably anticipated within the context of our ongoing business relationship with you, or otherwise perform our contract with you. detect security incidents, protect against malicious, deceptive, fraudulent, or illegal activity, or prosecute those responsible for such activities. debug products to identify and repair errors that impair existing intended functionality. exercise free speech, ensure the right of another consumer to exercise their free speech rights, or exercise another right provided for by law. comply with the california electronic communications privacy act (cal. penal code § 1546 et. seq.). enable solely internal uses that are reasonably aligned with consumer expectations based on your relationship with us. comply with a legal obligation. make other internal and lawful uses of that information that are compatible with the context which you provided it. how to request to know or request to delete if you have an account with lulus, you can make these requests using the “see my data” or “delete my data” tools in your account profile. if you do not have an account with lulus, you can obtain a report of the specific pieces of personal information we have collected and retained by going to: https://www.lulus.com/mydata. you can also submit verified consumer requests by calling our toll free number (1-866-918-5858) or by email (love@lulus.com). we may require specific information from you to help us verify your identity and process your request. if we are unable to verify your identity, we may deny your requests to know or delete. c. right to opt-out. you have a right to opt out of any sale of your personal information. lulus does not sell your personal information to any other retailers. however, our website integrates technologies of trusted advertising partners (third-party companies) that allow the recognition of your device and the collection of information about your browsing activity in order to provide advertisements about goods and services likely to be of greater interest to you. in particular, these partners collect information about your activity on lulus to enable us to show advertisements for our products and/or services to you on third-party websites and apps. if and to the extent “sale” under the ccpa is interpreted to include advertising technology activities such as those implemented specifically for interest-based advertising, we will comply with applicable law as to such activity. see the section on “interest based advertising” above for information about how to opt out of interest based advertising. d. authorized agent. you can designate an authorized agent to submit requests on your behalf. however, we will require written proof of the agent’s permission to do so and verify your identity directly. e. right to non-discrimination. you have the right not to receive discriminatory treatment by us for the exercise of your privacy rights. we will never discriminate against you for exercising your privacy rights. however, there are certain functions of our website and app that are only available to account holders, such as wishlists, “loves,” online credit, certain promotions, and our loyalty program. f. financial incentives. financial incentives are programs, benefits, or other offerings, including payments to consumers as compensation, for the disclosure, deletion, or sale of personal information about them. there are no penalties for requesting disclosure or opting out of sharing of your personal info. however, if you request to delete your data (delete your account) we can no longer offer you certain discounts and promotions that are tied to your account. the value we obtain from collecting and analyzing data about account holders’ use of the website, app, and purchases is less than or equal to the value of the promotions and discounts we offer exclusively to those account holders. we also from time to time offer discounts connected to consumer’s submission of their email address or other personal information. the value of these discounts is greater than or equal to the value we obtain by being able to reach you about promotional offers. you can always opt out of our marketing emails or sms messaging at any time. g. shine the light. california civil code section 1798.83 permits customers of lulus who are california residents to request certain information regarding its disclosure of personally identifiable information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes. however, at this time we do not share any of your personally identifiable information with third parties for their direct marketing purposes. h. consumer affairs. under california civil code section 1789.3, california residents are entitled to the following specific consumer rights notice: if you have a question or complaint regarding the website, please send an email to legal@lulus.com. you may also contact us by writing to us at the address provided below under the section entitled “contact information”. california residents may reach the complaint assistance unit of the division of consumer services of the california department of consumer affairs may be contacted in writing at 400 r street, suite 1080, sacramento, california 95814, or by telephone at (916) 445-1254 or (800) 952-5210.your nevada privacy rightsif you are a nevada resident, you have the right to direct lulus not to sell your covered information. however, lulus does not sell your personal information. sign up for promotional emails for 15% off! newsletter signupsign uphelpcustomer servicereturn policyinternational orderscontact usabout uscareersbridal conciergeguest order lookupquick linksview accountinitiate a returntrack your ordergift cardsmobile appstudent discountlove rewards give $20, get $20 terms & conditionsprivacy policyaccessibilitysite map© 2020 lulus.comlaunch live chat