来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20091211233648/http://www.plumbingsupply.com/welcome.html
================================================================================

welcome to famous plumbingsupply.com where service is number one and low prices and quality plumbing supplies is a way of life for us. over-promise and under-deliver is our motto. [ - ] text [ + ] plumbingsupply.com is the web's leading and most popular internet plumbing supplier since 1995 to our large list (index) of products - to fun quotes page to our faq page - to our recognition page - to shipping and processing faq's to see how easy it is to shop at plumbingsupply.com - to secure online ordering welcome to the most famous internet mail-order plumbing supplier. we have (by far) the largest plumbing-only product selection on the internet (and since 1995). plumbingsupply.com incorporates the strongest identity authentication standard available today. "without integrity, no company can have positive word of mouth." - jay abraham we opened our virtual doors in 1995, with a mission to use the internet to transform plumbing products buying into a painless and enjoyable experience. we wanted to offer the largest selection of plumbing products anywhere, at the lowest possible prices. providing quality plumbing merchandise at fair prices with awesome service. since 1995 we have been known as the internet plumbing supplier. we have attained all of our original goals and are continuing to build our ever growing product selection. we have been reviewed and written about in numerous publications, have received tens of thousands of thanks and compliments, and are well known on the net and especially in the plumbing community. we also sponsor a number of plumbing-related educational and informational sites such as plumbingnet.com (directory of plumbing manufacturers), and plbg.com (best plumbing advice forum on the net). we are proud of our reputation and we believe that over 99% of our customers are very happy with our service, prices and quality of our products. our fantastic team: "underpromise and overperform"™ is our motto. "yes, we have it"™, we have low prices, a great inventory, large selection, top quality products, and the most conscientious plumbing-supplier team ready to serve you. founder and chief financial officer: many years ago, vic after having served in the u.s. navy reserve (vietnam veteran) graduated from cal state university at northridge. while searching for employment he stumbled into an excellent paying plumbing apprenticeship program soon after graduating from csun. after 4 1/2 years (he was advanced ahead of all of his many peers) of intensive plumbing education he became a journeyman plumber. as soon as he qualified for the next step, he became a plumbing contractor. then he became a college plumbing instructor at butte college (northern california) and finally a well known plumbing distributor. vic believes plumbing has contributed much to societies and his goal is to not only be able to provide quality plumbing products at very low prices and provide superior service, but to also educate people as to how important plumbing is to society. vic also believes in "giving back" to society, and therefore each year we give a considerable amount of moneys to charities. these days vic has stepped out of a day-to-day role at our company to spend more time on his health (yoga, aerobics, meditation, stress management). he mainly acts as our cfo and once in a while, will audit some transactions/sales to be sure that we are always providing you with the excellent service that we are known for. vic enjoys sharing his passions and hobbies as shown here. chief executive officer and president: lucas, after our founder announced his semi-retirement, was appointed to be our ceo and president. lucas began working for us part time in our warehouse, and with hard work and strong determination has excelled through every department in our company. lucas has been involved in the construction and building industry for several years and with this experience he has brought a strong understanding of the industry. he is a firm believer that "scientia potentia est" or "knowledge itself is power" and understands that our customers will share in the advantage of a well trained and knowledgeable crew. with this in mind, lucas dedicates a lot of time for training and teaching. lucas is quite energetic. he enjoys working and also has a strong tie to family. he loves scuba diving in the pacific ocean and spending time on the beach with his family. vice president: michael has been with us since we started. he loves challenges and finding unusual plumbing products. he also is seen reading the plumbing code books to find answers to complex questions. michael enjoys finding the newest plumbing products on the market and solutions to common plumbing problems. he also orders a number of products and helps to oversee our accounts payable department. michael's eye for detail is one of the reasons our credit rating is impeccable. he makes sure all of the manufacturers and suppliers are always paid on time. having a great relationship with our suppliers is one of the reasons that we can offer such low prices. he and lucas share the same goal to continue to be the best internet plumbing supplier in the u.s.. both are dedicated to leading a team that is known throughout the plumbing industry for providing the best service. chief technology officer: dan has also been with us since we started. he is our resident computer pro and is proficient in perl, c++, xml and html. we have much to thank dan for, as much of what you see is due to his programming skills. he is also great in troubleshooting computer glitches, if ever there is a computer problem dan can fix it! dan loves challenges and so he also has made finding and identifying unique plumbing parts his love. dan states: "plumbing and computers. what else do you need to know in this life?" web development supervisor: vince started with us in 2001 as a part time employee while attending chico state. after graduating in 2002 with a bachelor's degree in business administration and option in management information systems, vince began working full time and created our web development department. he then began managing a crew to help assist with the creation of new pages. vince is currently responsible for managing all web-related projects and currently overseas all web development projects. in addition to managing our web team, vince is also responsible for setting up new web servers and making sure all of our sites are operating as designed. "i just love working with people and computers. it can be very challenging and stressful at times, but the feeling of accomplishment far out-weighs the stress. i feel lucky...i went to college for six years, studying business and computers, and now that's the field i work in, and i couldn't be happier." customer relations supervisor: stefani does everything she can to make every customer happy. she gives our team the continuous training needed to provide excellent customer service. even after their initial training process, stefani makes sure all of our customer service specialists retain and implement our procedures and standards. she often monitors our in and out going email and reviews most orders we receive daily. stefani also assists our web development team by reviewing our web pages before they are added to our site. her hard work, dedication, and caring nature is the driving force behind our outstanding customer service. she raises our team's core understanding of customer care and brings it to the highest level. we are very thankful to have her on our management team. customer relations assistant supervisor: rick has worked for us since we started our online venture in 1995. if there is a problem with your order, you can be sure that rick is one of the main people that is on top of the situation. rick has contributed several ideas that have helped to streamline many of our daily processes. he trains our team members how to manage our returns department and to monitor all orders that are shipped directly from various manufacturers. rick has also written several informative plumbing articles and f.a.q.'s for our site. we are very lucky to have such a conscientious person on our team. customer relations assistant supervisor: charlotte makes sure each order gets out on the same day that they are placed by providing direction and keeping others organized and on task. she makes sure every position is filled throughout the day so that our order fulfillment process is completed in a timely manner. charlotte continuously provides useful suggestions on how to improve our daily procedures, many of which have been implemented. she assists anyone who has questions or needs help with any given issue to the best of her ability. she also aids in monitoring the communications between our customer service specialists and our valued customers. she is very caring and will do what it takes to get the job done and deadlines met. we are very thankful to have her on our team. water quality specialist: mike has also been with us since our inception and has helped to hire some of our early team members. he is very knowledgeable about plumbing products and has written several informative plumbing articles and f.a.q.'s for our site. water quality is one of his specialties, we offer a specialized water softener and water products based off of his specifications. mike has also started working with our web team to develop several informative plumbing and repair articles for our website. he's a leader in the community and does a lot of charity work. we are quite lucky and proud to have mike on our team. warehouse manager: jeff, with the help of sandee and gabe, makes sure that our shelves are full and the warehouse operations are running smoothly. he is kept busy with restocking our warehouse as well as ordering products and supplies. he also works on identifying each of the thousands of tank lids we stock. if you send us a template of your toilet tank lid, jeff will likely be the one to find it for you. web development: angelica, and ian work hard to make sure all of our pages are kept up to date and accurate. with several pages added daily, in addition to keeping up the thousands of existing pages, they certainly do keep busy! accounts payable department: mark and bobbi manage our accounts by making sure all invoices are paid on time (and often early!). they do an exceptional job at making sure our relationships with our manufacturers and suppliers are kept in good standing. customer service specialists: pedro, michelle, charles, zack, laurel, josh, linda, tony, cherise, and barry who are all doing an outstanding job. these team members focus on providing outstanding customer service. they make sure our customers who call are greeted promptly with a friendly disposition and try their best to answer all email within 24 hours. some other very significant team members: we would like to also recognize jeannie, sandee, megan, gabe, ian, melanie, john, jennifer, kurt and aden who are all part of our order fulfillment team. they have the ability to fill, double check, process and ship out any order. they all show love of their job and all have a very positive attitude which really shows. we have gotten thousands of letters and notes thanking us for our fantastic service. all of our team members pay very close and careful attention to detail (we are human and do make a few mistakes once in a very great while). they all are trained in all aspects of our entire system and therefore can step in and help when any a team member is sick, on vacation, or may be off on their birthday (which is one of the paid benefits when working at plumbingsupply.com). the people that are listed here are able to process your order from start to finish. you might even see one of their names on an e-mail from us if we have any questions about your order. we are able to provide you with great service because of team members such as them. the listed team members here are examples for all others to follow. some other wonderful members of our team that have been with us since we started (and that we would like to acknowledge) are sandy and sean. without them we wouldn't be the same. we are located in chico, california. chico is a relatively small town (the urban area of chico is at approximately 110,000 people). the majority of the work force in chico still cares about where they work and what they do. we are very fortunate that all of our team members love their job and chico. we do not have much "turn over," and this is one of the reasons that our percentage of orders to you is nearly 100% "perfect." we love to improve and would love for you to give us suggestions. suggestions on how to improve, other products to stock/ supply, and how we can better serve your needs. do you have more questions about us? please try our faq page. please let us know if you see any mistakes (and see our rewards page.) plumbingsupply.com incorporates the strongest identity authentication standard available today to provide you secure online shopping. [ - ] text [ + ] │ return to top ↑ "words are plentiful; deeds are precious." - lech walesa (polish nobel prize winner) is there something else that you are looking for? enter what you're looking for here: or - find plumbing supplies starting with: a b c d e f g h i j k l m n o p q r s t u v w x y z homepage | how to order | contact us | view shopping cart | q and a | return policy copyright© 1995-2009 all rights reserved.   plumbingsupply.com