来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20101220205213/http://www.plumbingsupply.com/faucetindex.html
================================================================================

plumbingsupply.com - best faucet rated index - kitchen, bar, bathroom (tub/shower), laundry, commercial, etc. thanks for visiting the best place to find faucets on the web!!! our motto and goal: "under-promise...over-perform." plumbingsupply.com is the web's leading and most popular internet plumbing supplier since 1995 to home page - to email us - to how to order - to customer testimonials - to faq's - to return policy - to search products - to view cart find other plumbing supplies starting with the letter: a b c d e f g h i j k l m n o p q r s t u v w x y z customers who have purchased faucets have also been: to kitchen faucets - to bathroom faucets - to watersense® labeled water efficient bathroom faucets to water filters - to drinking fountain index page - to tankless water heaters - to many commercial faucets low rates and easiest to calculate/understand shipping for faucets you won't find a better selection of faucets or faucet repair parts anywhere else on the internet. don't see what you need listed below? email us with the manufacturer's name, product number and a general description of the product, and we will do our best to provide a quote for the faucet your are looking for. faucet index our faucet collection by category most popular faucets delta faucet deal banner lav banner kitchen danze delta diamond™ seal filter faucets fisher flexible kitchen faucets hamat faucets hydrotek deckmount tub fillers old fashioned sign of the crab slant back speakman symmons tomlinson watersense® faucets tub & shower faucets ada compliant showers antique shower sets banner tub/shower danze roman tub fillers delta bath sets parts delta shower sets exposed showers latoscana tub/shower franz v. tub/shower speakman showers symmons tub/shower faucets symmons roman tub filers victorian tub/shower faucets popular kitchen faucets banner kitchen faucets danze kitchen faucets diamond™ seal series kitchen faucets blanco kitchen & bar faucets como collection kitchen faucets grohe pullout kitchen faucets grohe low flow faucets wall mounted kitchen faucets deluxe pot filler faucets franke kitchen faucets latoscana kitchen faucets professional kitchen faucets drinking water faucets parts & accessories danze faucet parts delta kitchen delta lavatory delta bar delta bath valves delta parts foot and knee valves hansa america parts kitchen soap dispensers kwc faucet parts moen faucet parts symmons valley back-to-back parts valley faucet parts woodford parts bar faucets american standard banner bar faucets cifial bar faucets danze bar faucets delta bar faucets delta diamond™ seal bar faucets grohe bar faucets jado bar faucets sigma bar faucets symmons bar faucets widespread bathroomfaucets banner belle foret cifial faucets danze lav faucets delta victorian dolphin bathroom faucets dolphin lav faucets franz viegener golf faucets jaclo widespread jado widespread kohler faucets latoscana mirage faucets sigma widespread swan faucets watersense® centerset bathroomfaucets american standard banner lav cifial faucets danze melrose danze sheridan delta diamond™ seal faucets elements of design grohe faucets jaclo centerset jado centerset premier faucets symmons faucets value faucets watersense® basin faucets barclay danze faucets como faucets grohe faucets grohe faucets (water saving) jado faucets kwc faucets latoscana opulence faucets parma faucets sign of the crab sonora faucets waterfall faucets watersense® hands-free faucets autoflush valves bradley battery operated faucets chicago danze delta e-flow grohe handsfree gooseneck hydrotek old fashioned sloan sensor operated faucets sensorflo gooseneck faucets side mount operators soap dispenser (deck mount) speakman faucets symmons t&s brass single hole faucets blanco como faucets hydrotek faucets jado lav faucets lavatory faucets kwc domo kwc orcino kwc tristar kwc vesuno sigma pull out faucets banner blanco danze melrose franke grohe kwc suprimo latoscana premier® valley (parts) bidet faucets american standard bio bidet seats danze melrose danze sheridan danze sonora grohe bidet faucets hometech bidets jado bidets portable bidets washlet toilet seat bidet hand sprays miscellaneous faucets close coupled wall faucets deckmount pot filler faucets contemporary ro dispenser faucets designer ro dispenser faucets flexible kitchen faucets golf faucets horse faucets kettle filler faucets pillar lav faucets pot filler faucets (commercial) pot filler faucets (residential) wall mount kitchen faucets wall mount lav faucets wash sink faucets washing machine valves commercial faucets adjustable wall faucets back splash faucets bradley faucets deck mount faucets delta e-flow lav faucets electronic faucets emergency showers fisher faucets griffin faucets & accessories hydrotek sanitary faucets metered faucets mop sinks & faucets pre rinse faucets professional kitchen faucets service sink faucets exposed showers sloan products speakman products t & s sinks and faucets wall faucets chinese "wok" range faucets dipperwell faucets fisher glass fillers foot and knee valves lab faucets, chicago lab faucets, speakman low lead faucets metering faucets, symmons metering faucets, chicago solar faucets wok wand faucets lead-free commercial & residential faucets commercial ecast low lead faucets speakman no-lead faucets fisher no-lead faucets t & s no-lead bathroom faucets residential delta diamond™ seal lead-free faucets danze™ lead-free faucets contemporary ro dispenser faucets designer ro dispenser faucets drinking water faucets water dispenser faucets banner laundry faucets |  delta laundry faucet |  danze laundry faucet |  symmons laundry faucets faucets by brand a - c american standard arrowhead brass aquadis barclay banner belle foret blanco bradley cannes series chicago cifial cobra d - h danze delta faucets elements of design elizabethan classics fisher faucets franke faucets franz viegener griffin faucets grohe kitchen faucets grohe touch-free hamat faucets hydrotek faucets i - p jaclo jado kohler faucets kohler parts kwc latoscana faucets mountain faucets mixet parts supergrif colonial supergrif tangent peerless (parts only) price pfister (parts only) premier® faucets q - z sign of the crab sigma sloan speakman symmons t & s valley (parts) victorian victorian, kitchen victorian, lavatory woodford shower heads |  bathroom sinks |  griffin commercial sinks |  alsons handshowers |  luxury grab bars "seems like a faucet is a faucet... aren't most faucets about equal.. shouldn't i just buy the lowest priced ones?" it is true that you don't always get your money's worth by paying more. on the other hand, just like cars, there are "cheap" cars and quality cars. we like to recommend that you buy quality faucets from a reputable dealer and that you shop (compare) prices on the same brand models. "what should i look for when purchasing a faucet?" you should be asking: is it easy to get parts? easy to repair and replace parts? is it a true "washer less" (doesn't mean it won't leak, it will eventually anyway but is usually easier to operate and easier to repair) or not? where is it made? what type of warranty? how long has this model been made? does the manufacturer stand behind their products and how long has that company been in business? is the company that you are buying the faucet from reputable and been in business long enough so that you know you can trust them? "what does washer less mean?" all faucets could be 'washer less' as they come in both the single- and two-handle type. in most washer less faucets, the control of the water flow is done by a cartridge or arrangement of seals that allow water to flow when the holes or ports are lined up. the design is such that the water flow is basically sheared off. unlike 'washer' types, extra strength of pressure on the handle will not help stop the water flow. there are many different designs of washer less cartridges. some foreign cartridges can be very expensive. ceramic cartridges are becoming very popular. ceramic cartridges have been around for over 20 years. ceramics tend to last longer than other types of cartridges but can cost a lot more when replacing. remember, all faucets will eventually leak. there tends to be less friction and wear and tear with a "washer less" faucet compared to the older washer-type faucet. "i have a hole in my kitchen sink for an air gap. i'd like to use it for a faucet. can i just by pass that air gap?" you could but we absolutely do not recommend that. air gaps have an important (health safety) function and should be kept on the deck of the sink or kitchen counter. "are all finishes durable?" many manufacturers claim to have durable finishes, but overall chrome is usually the most durable. "can a hose spray model be installed in a 3-hole kitchen sink?" sure, many faucet manufacturers offer faucets designed for one or two holes. most common sink configurations have either 3, 4 or 5 mounting holes on the sink top. look under the sink to determine the number of holes in your sink because the holes may be covered by an existing faucet. also, note that once you have purchased a faucet without a sprayer that you generally can't just add a sprayer. you need to decide before you purchase a kitchen faucet whether you want a sprayer or not. "why do some faucets cost so much more than others?" some faucets are simply made better than others with higher quality material such as solid brass, which generally provides a superior look, performance, and durability. while you may pay more for a quality faucet, you're likely to receive more value for your money as a result of longer, more reliable, trouble-free service. paying more doesn't always mean you'll get a better value, but generally, a more expensive faucet (just like a more expensive automobile, etc) does give better and longer service. we recommend that you do shop around once you know the exact brand and model that you want, as you can avoid paying extra for the exact same faucets if you spend time to shop. "do all models of kitchen faucets fit all kitchen sinks?" that is so if you purchase a u.s. made faucet for a u.s. made sink. sometimes, when mixing a foreign made faucet or sink there could be a problem (although rare). standard size sink openings and faucet dimensions are used throughout the u.s. plumbing industry. generally, the standard distance between hot and cold inlets or the mounting hardware for both single and two-handle kitchen model faucets is 8" inches. however, because there are a few exceptions, it is always a good idea to check sizes first before placing your order. "can i replace a two handled kitchen faucet with a single handled model?" absolutely. standard-size sink openings and faucet dimensions are used throughout the u.s. plumbing industry. generally, the standard distance between hot and cold inlets or the mounting hardware for both single and two-handled kitchen model faucets is 8" inches. "what type of faucets can i use in the bathroom?" the two most commonly used bathroom sink (lavatory) faucets are the 4-inch centerset and the widespread. "what is a widespread set?" a widespread set includes three separate parts that measure from 8 to 16 inches from center to center. "any helpful hints?" all faucets will leak and need servicing eventually. a good idea is to once or twice yearly, open and close all shut off valves under all faucets (if any). this will help keep them free of sediment and will allow them to be closed when needed. "what is a mini-widespread faucet?" it has the appearance of a widespread but mounts 4 inch center-to-center instead of 8 or 16 inches. "what is a centerset faucet?" from the image shown below, you can see that a centerset faucet is a lavatory set that is 4" center to center from handle to handle. 1. hot water inlet2. pop-up drain rod3. cold water inlet we hope that we have helped you on this page with best rated faucets, and thank you for helping make plumbingsupply.com the most famous internet plumbing supplier. read some more great quotes such as: "on the big bang theory: for every one billion particles of antimatter there were one billion and one particles of matter. and when the mutual annihilation was complete, one billionth remained - and that's our present universe." - albert einstein is there something else that you are looking for? enter what you're looking for here: or - find plumbing supplies starting with: a b c d e f g h i j k l m n o p q r s t u v w x y z homepage | about us | contact us | how to order | view shopping cart | testimonials | q and a | disclaimer | return policy copyright© 1995-2011 all rights reserved. plumbingsupply.com