来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20101220205213/http://www.plumbingsupply.com/maceratingtoilets.html
================================================================================

plumbingsupply.com - macerator toilets - upflushing sewage systems for basements saniflo macerating upflush toilets our motto and goal: "under-promise...over-perform." plumbingsupply.com is the web's leading and most popular internet plumbing supplier since 1995 to home page - to email us - to how to order - to customer testimonials - to faq's - to report error - to search products - to view cart find other plumbing supplies starting with the letter:   a b c d e f g h i j k l m n o p q r s t u v w x y z customers who have purchased macerator toilets have also been: to qwik jon® ultima upflushing grinder toilets - to macerating toilet systems to sewage ejector packages and upflush toilets - to more sewer upflush packages! - to crawl space sump systems to submersible effluent pumps - to sewage grinder systems to zoeller sump pumps - to zoeller sump, sewage, effluent, and dewatering pumps - to zoeller submersible sewage pumps low rates and easiest to calculate/understand shipping for macerating upflush toilets these macerator toilets will allow you to install a toilet or a full extra bathroom almost anywhere without having to break concrete to do it. this innovative product uses the same amount of water as low-consumption toilets, but uses a grinder pump to assist with flushing uphill. plumbingsupply.com is your source for these quality macerating sewage ejection toilets and thousands of other plumbing and plumbing-related products saniplus systems features of this saniplus macerating toilet system: environmentally friendly solution for a modern bathroom to be installed conveniently where you want it no need to break up concrete or walls. system is installed directly on top of a finished floor or concrete floor can simultaneously receive wastewater from several sanitary fixtures such as a bidet, hand basin, shower or bathtub, but only one water closet per unit systems include an efficient 1.6 gallon per flush vitreous china toilet simple to install highly efficient, durable, induction motor drives the stainless steel cutter blade and the impeller operation noise is comparable to that of a conventional toilet tank filling pump container made of polypropylene - dimensions: 10 1/2"h x 20"w x 6 3/4"d two optional 2-inch inlets with internal check valves located on either side of the pump container. either one or both inlets can be used as required inlet flexible pipe connector couplings (white - fit over pipe) included inlet lock-in plugs with o-rings included in case inlets are not to be used pump - 115 volt - 0.5 hp (horsepower) - single phase - 7.2 amperage maximum flow rate 17 gallons per minute (gpm) at 15 feet head; 27 gpm at 3 feet head effluent can be pumped vertically to 15 feet or horizontally to 150 feet, or a combination of both (can be calculated using vertical run of 3 feet as being equivalent to a horizontal run of 30 feet) all piping may be hidden inside a wall 16" extension pipe available (sold separately) if installing the macerator unit behind a wall discharge check valve included discharge pipe - 3/4" pvc, cpvc or copper discharge elbow included and can be turned either to the left, to the right, or towards the back, depending on the discharge installation 1 1/2-inch vent inlet. system includes 1 1/2-inch flexible pipe connector coupling (white) for venting. mechanical air admittance valves must not be used. the air pressure in and outside the macerating unit must remain constant maximum working temp: 104°f toilet seat sold separately description price & quantity saniplus toilet and pump - includes macerator, round bowl and tank - white note: this item ships by truck * $876.76 toilet seat for round bowl - white $46.91 saniplus toilet and pump - includes macerator, elongated bowl and tank - white note: this item ships by truck * $909.49 toilet seat for elongated bowl - white- click here for dimensions $49.52 saniplus toilet and pump - includes macerator, elongated bowl and tank - biscuit note: this item ships by truck * $902.69 toilet seat for elongated bowl - biscuit $60.10 saniplus macerating pump only $672.38 * ships by a trucking company (not ups or usps) -- if your order is shipping to a residential address, then select the option below in order to get the product(s) off the truck. residential delivery with liftgate $65.00 to ensure safe delivery, the saniplus system with toilet bowl and tank, ships by truck and has a $100 additional shipping fee. please note: toilets do not qualify for express shipping. - or - testimonial: (your privacy is very important to us and so please note that every customer that we quote has given us written permission to quote him or her. we will not quote you unless we have your written permission.) "...the new saniplus system is in place and working great! thanks again for your great service." - rosalind r thompson, clarksville, tn 37042 sanibest macerating systems by saniflo features of this sanibest macerating toilet system: environmentally friendly, sophisticated, heavy-duty system that stretches the limits of bathroom installation sanibest makes it easy to install bathroom appliances or a complete bathroom in a location where previously it would have been impossible sanibest is ideal for situations where you do not control the use; such as a guest bathroom, rental unit or office building. it is designed to handle accidental flushing of certain sanitary items systems include an efficient 1.6 gallon per flush vitreous china toilet will efficiently discharge drainage from a bathroom sink, bathtub, shower, toilet, bidet, urinal - or even a clothes washer. clothes washer drainage must first be discharged into a laundry tub and then plumbed with proper gravity flow drain piping to the pump container inlet operational noise is comparable to that of a conventional toilet tank filling simple to install all piping may be hidden inside a wall pump container made of polypropylene - dimensions: 10 3/4"h x 21"w x 7"d two optional 1 1/2-inch inlets with internal check valves located on either side of the pump container. either one or both inlets can be used as required inlet flexible pipe connector couplings (1 1/2-inch - white - fit over pipe) included inlet lock-in plugs with o-rings included in case inlets are not to be used highly efficient, durable, induction motor drives the stainless steel cutter blades and the impeller pump - 115 volt - 0.8 hp (horsepower) - single phase - amperage 9.0 16" extension pipe available (sold separately) if installing the macerator unit behind a wall maximum flow rate 14 gallons per minute (gpm) at 18 feet head; 27 gpm at 3 feet head discharge check valve included discharge pipe - 3/4" pvc, cpvc or copper discharge elbow included and can be turned either to the left, to the right, or towards the back, depending on the discharge installation effluent can be pumped vertically to 18 feet or horizontally to 150 feet, or a combination of both (can be calculated using vertical run of 3 feet as being equivalent to a horizontal run of 30 feet)1 1/2-inch vent inlet. system includes 1 1/2-inch flexible pipe connector coupling (white) for venting, mechanical air admittance valves must not be used. the air pressure in and outside the macerating unit must remain constant maximum temp: 104°f toilet seat sold separately description price & quantity sanibest toilet and heavy duty grinder pump, round bowl and tank - white note: this item ships by truck * $1054.80 toilet seat for round bowl - white $46.91 sanibest toilet and heavy duty grinder pump, elongated bowl and tank - white note: this item ships by truck * $1072.73 toilet seat for elongated bowl - white- click here for dimensions $49.52 sanibest toilet and heavy duty grinder pump, elongated bowl and tank - biscuit note: this item ships by truck * $1077.51 toilet seat for elongated bowl - biscuit $60.10 sanibest heavy duty grinder pump only $851.00 * ships by a trucking company (not ups or usps) -- if your order is shipping to a residential address, then select the option below in order to get the product(s) off the truck. residential delivery with liftgate $65.00 to ensure safe delivery, the sanibest system with toilet bowl and tank, ships by truck and has a $100 additional shipping fee. please note: toilets do not qualify for express shipping. - or - sanigrind macerator systems features of this sanigrind pump only: a grinder pump unit only, designed for heavy-duty or commercial use to work with a standard bottom outlet toilet gives you freedom to use a toilet of your design preference or color choice install on a floor while the toilet, shower and hand basin are situated on a raised platform based on the best-selling sanibest (see above) unit and will easily take care of carelessly flushed sanitary articles will efficiently discharge drainage from a bathroom sink, bathtub, shower, toilet, bidet, urinal - or even a clothes washer. clothes washer drainage must first be discharged into a laundry tub and then plumbed with proper gravity flow drain piping to the pump container inlet two optional 1 1/2-inch inlets with internal check valves located on either side of the pump container. either one or both inlets can be used as required inlet flexible pipe connector couplings (1 1/2-inch - white - fit over pipe) included inlet lock-in plugs with o-rings included in case inlets are not to be used pump container made of polypropylene - dimensions: 12"h x 18"w x 9"d highly efficient, durable, induction motor drives the stainless steel cutter blades and the impeller pump - 115 volt - 0.8 hp (horsepower) - single phase - amperage 9.0 discharge check valve included discharge pipe - 3/4" pvc, cpvc or copper discharge elbow not included but if needed use two 45° elbows back to back to make a 90°elbow maximum flow rate 13 gallons per minute (gpm) at 18 feet head; 24 gpm at 3 feet head effluent can be pumped vertically to 18 feet or horizontally to 150 feet, or a combination of both (can be calculated using vertical run of 3 feet as being equivalent to a horizontal run of 30 feet)1 1/2-inch vent inlet. system includes 1 1/2-inch flexible pipe connector coupling (white) for venting. mechanical air admittance valves must not be used. the air pressure in and outside the macerating unit must remain constant maximum temp: 104°f sanigrind, grinder pump only, for use with north american toilets $848.11 - or - sanitop systems - smallest and quietest macerator features of this sanitop macerating system: environmentally friendly, sophisticated system that stretches the limits of bathroom installation the smallest and quietest macerator offered by saniflo vibration absorbers reduce operating sound by 10 decibels as compared to similar units sanitop makes it easy to install a lovely half bathroom in a location where previously it would have been impossible systems include an efficient 1.6 gallon per flush vitreous china toilet will efficiently discharge drainage from a bathroom sink and toilet simple to install with only four connections pump container made of polypropylene - dimensions: 10 7/16"h x 13"w x 6 1/2"d two 1 1/2-inch inlets and couplings included for required venting and optional addition of a hand basin one blanking plugs with o-rings included in case an inlet is not to be used highly efficient, durable, induction motor drives the stainless steel cutter blades and the impeller pump - 115 volt - 0.3 hp (horsepower) - single phase - amperage 5.0 16" extension pipe available (sold separately) if installing the macerator unit behind a wall maximum flow rate 12 gallons per minute (gpm) at 14 feet head; 27 gpm at 3 feet head discharge check valve included discharge pipe - 3/4" pvc, cpvc or copper discharge elbow included and can be turned either to the left, to the right, or towards the back, depending on the discharge installation effluent can be pumped vertically to 12 feet or horizontally to 1250 feet, or a combination of both (can be calculated using vertical run of 3 feet as being equivalent to a horizontal run of 30 feet) mechanical air admittance valves must not be used. the air pressure in and outside the macerating unit must remain constant maximum temp: 104°f toilet seat sold separately description price & quantity sanitop toilet and grinder pump, round bowl and tank - white note: this item ships by truck * $798.37 toilet seat for round bowl - white $46.91 sanitop toilet and grinder pump, elongated bowl and tank - white note: this item ships by truck * $830.26 toilet seat for elongated bowl - white- click here for dimensions $49.52 sanitop toilet and grinder pump, elongated bowl and tank - biscuit note: this item ships by truck * $830.36 toilet seat for elongated bowl - biscuit $60.10 sanitop grinder pump only $595.76 * ships by a trucking company (not ups or usps) -- if your order is shipping to a residential address, then select the option below in order to get the product(s) off the truck. residential delivery with liftgate $65.00 to ensure safe delivery, the sanitop system with toilet bowl and tank, ships by truck and has a $100 additional shipping fee. please note: toilets do not qualify for express shipping. - or - sanicompact 48 systems features of this sanicompact macerating system: smaller version of the saniplus (see above) fits into tight spots where conventional toilets can't go can be installed in many locations such as a loft/attic, upper floor, ground floor, basement or even a garage one-piece vitreous china toilet bowl and macerator-pump built into one compact unit water saving 1.0 gallons per flush will dispose of waste from the toilet and water from one hand basin ideal for cabanas and pool houses push button (air switch) activated electrically timed flushing action very efficient and durable induction motor drives the stainless steel cutter blades pump and macerating action minimize the risk of blockages dimensions: sanicompact 48 one optional 1 1/4" inlet for addition of a hand basin pump - 115 volt - 0.3 hp (horsepower) - single phase - amperage 7.2 maximum flow rate 16 gallons per minute (gpm) at 3 feet head; 9 gpm at 9 feet head effluent can be pumped vertically to 9 feet or horizontally to 100 feet, or a combination of both (can be calculated using vertical run of 3 feet as being equivalent to a horizontal run of 30 feet)discharge: 1" cpvc, pvc, or copper the sanicompact system does not need to be vented or connected to a vent stack maximum temp: 95°f description price & quantity sanicompact 48, 120 volt, one-piece toilet (includes toilet seat) with macerator built into the base note: this item ships by truck * $766.93 replacement toilet seat for the sanicompact 48 $89.66 * ships by a trucking company (not ups or usps) -- if your order is shipping to a residential address, then select the option below in order to get the product(s) off the truck. residential delivery with liftgate $65.00 to ensure safe delivery, the sanicompact 48 system, ships by truck and has a $100 additional shipping fee. please note: toilets do not qualify for express shipping. - or - sanistar systems features of this sanistar macerating toilet system: one-piece low-flush toilet popular space-saving european-look built with no external water tank and a built-in flushing mechanism that's totally electric comes complete with a metal frame wall bracket with adjustable feet that can be mounted against any sturdy wall or built into a wall allowing the toilet to be hung at various heights (15" to 18") low water consumption 1.1 gallons per flush push button (air switch) activated will dispose of waste from the toilet and also water from one hand basin two optional 1 1/4" inlets (only one to be used for addition of a hand basin) dimensions: 16 3/8"h x 15 3/4"w x 20 1/2""d (complete unit) very efficient and durable induction motor drives the stainless steel cutter blades pump - 115 volt - 0.4 hp (horsepower) - single phase - amperage 9.0 maximum flow rate 18 gallons per minute (gpm) at 9 feet head; 25 gpm at 3 feet head effluent can be pumped vertically to 9 feet or horizontally to 100 feet, or a combination of both (can be calculated using vertical run of 3 feet as being equivalent to a horizontal run of 30 feet) discharge: 1" cpvc, pvc, or copper the sanistar system does not need to be vented or connected to a vent stack maximum temp: 95°f description price & quantity sanistar, wall hung macerating toilet note: this item ships by truck * $1007.42 * ships by a trucking company (not ups or usps) -- if your order is shipping to a residential address, then select the option below in order to get the product(s) off the truck. residential delivery with liftgate $65.00 to ensure safe delivery, the sanistar system, ships by truck and has a $100 additional shipping fee. please note: toilets do not qualify for express shipping. - or - sanivite systems features of this sanivite pump system: hard-working device perfect for a wide variety of jobs useful for everything including the kitchen sink a marvel of technology that will efficiently pump gray water from a kitchen sink, dishwasher, laundry washer, wet bar, bathtub, shower, or laundry tub. clothes washer drainage must first be discharged into a laundry tub and then plumbed with proper gravity flow drain piping to the pump container inlet fully automatic gray water pump housed in a small container compact size - small enough to fit inside a kitchen cabinet, or under a laundry sink operational noise is comparable to that of a conventional toilet tank filling dimensions: 10 1/8"h x 14 5/8"w x 7 1/4"d (pump only) two 1 1/2-inch inlets with internal check valves located on top of pump container. two optional 1 1/2-inch inlets with internal check valves located one on each side of the pump container to be used as required. plugs included for non used inlets inlet flexible pipe connector couplings (white - fit over pipe) included very efficient and durable induction motor pump - 115 volt - 0.4 hp (horsepower) - single phase - amperage 7.2 maximum flow rate 18 gallons per minute (gpm) at 16 feet head; 29 gpm at 3 feet head effluent can be pumped vertically to 16 feet or horizontally to 150 feet, or a combination of both (can be calculated using vertical run of 3 feet as being equivalent to a horizontal run of 30 feet) discharge: 1" cpvc, pvc, or copper maximum temp: 140°f description price & quantity sanivite, gray water under sink pump $335.09 - or - sanishower systems features of this sanishower system: shower where you want - similar to all saniplus appliances with above-floor plumbing, this system can go anywhere fully automatic gray water pump housed in a small polypropylene container compact size - small enough to fit underneath a raised shower stall may be used to discharge wastewater from a shower or bathtub or hand basin two 1 1/2-inch inlets with internal check valves located on either side of the pump container to be used as required. plug included for non used inlet inlet flexible pipe connector couplings (white - fit over pipe) included operational noise is comparable to that of a conventional toilet tank filling dimensions: 5 3/4"h x 11 5/8"w x 6 3/8"d (pump only) pump - 115 volt - 0.4 hp (horsepower) - single phase - amperage 7.2 maximum flow rate 14 gallons per minute (gpm) at 12 feet head; 26 gpm at 3 feet head effluent can be pumped vertically to 12 feet or horizontally to 100 feet, or a combination of both (can be calculated using vertical run of 3 feet as being equivalent to a horizontal run of 30 feet) discharge pipe - 3/4" pvc, cpvc or copper maximum temp: 104°f as a point of interest; quite a few pedicure manufacturers are putting the sanishower inside pedicure chairs, due to its quiet operation and ease of installation, they have become the choice of oem's. description price & quantity sanishower, gray water pump for shower stall $262.37 - or - sanialarm - add a touch of security to your macerating system macerating and gray water pumps are designed for various types of applications which exposes them to situations such as power failures, occasional abuse or even deposit build ups which can all cause a higher level of water than normal. designed to quickly fit onto the lid of most new or existing saniflo units, the level pressure switch will trigger an 80 decibel alarm if the volume of water exceeds the maximum allowed level in the tank. battery operated and suitable to be installed on the saniplus, sanibest, sanivite, sanipack, and sanigrind, this small device can save you from a big headache! description price & quantity sanialarm, level pressure switch alarm for most saniflo units $49.99 - or - extension pipe - great for installing your macerator behind a wall if you wish to put the macerator unit behind a wall, it is made easy by using a proprietary extension pipe. this extension pipe is used with saniplus and sanibest products. the extension pipe is 16 inches in length. one side is pushed onto the spigot of the toilet and the other side slips inside the macerator connection. when using the extension pipe, the toilet bowl should be raised 3/8 inch for additional gravity flow toward the macerator box. description price & quantity extension pipe, between toilet and macerator, 15-3/4" long x 4" wide with 5" bell housing $47.69 - or - "do these systems need maintenance?" no, the motor of the macerator has no gears or brushes to wear out. the motor is filled with oil and sealed for life. "where is the waste pumped?" the waste is pumped into a sewer system, septic tank or holding tank by means of a proper waste pipe system that compiles with the applicable codes. "what is a macerator?" to "macerate" is to soften and break into pieces. these macerating systems use a rotating cutting blade to liquefy human waste and toilet paper. when mixed with flushing water, the waste is pumped into a sanitary sewer as fine slurry. "where can i use macerating systems?" extra toilet facilities can be installed in offices, factories, and restaurants. extra bathrooms can be installed in basements, cottages, hotels, motels, in fact, most anywhere extra washroom facilities are needed or wanted. "what sanitary items can be flushed using the sanibest heavy duty grinder pump?" the sanibest must only be used for human waste and toilet tissue. it is designed, however, to grind up certain other items that may "accidentally" be flushed down the toilet, such as strands of wool, condoms, or sanitary napkins. please note: only the "sanibest" and the "sanigrind" grinder pumps have the capability to grind up "accidentally" flushed items. they will not grind up dental floss, cat litter, or disposable diapers. all other saniflo appliances will only macerate human waste and toilet tissue. "do i need to break up the floor to install the macerating system?" no, saniflo units can easily be installed on top of any finished floor, eliminating the need to dig up a floor as required by methods using a sump and sewage ejector pump. additionally, there is no need to leave an accessible space, as is the case with a floor sump system. "can i discharge a kitchen sink into a macerating system?" no, the greases and larger food particles associated with kitchen sinks would clog the smaller diameter pipe and eventually create a problem. only the "sanivite" is designed for kitchen sink drainage. "do saniflo appliances meet government approval?" a nationally recognized laboratory has tested and approved saniflo appliances. additionally, saniflo appliances have been listed with several standards and code agencies, including: iapmo, massachusetts state plumbing board, southern building code, upc, ipc, csa b45.9, asme 112.3.4 etc. in both canada and the united states. "how much water does the system use?" all models are low consumption type toilets. the saniplus toilet uses 1.6 us gal of water per flush and the sanicompact series uses 1.1 us gal per flush. this compares very favorably with older systems of water closets that may use up to 8 us gal of water per flush. we hope that we have helped you on this page with macerating toilets, and thank you for helping to make plumbingsupply.com the most famous internet plumbing supplier. read some more great quotes such as: he who has health, has hope; and he who has hope, has everything. - arabian proverb is there something else that you are looking for? enter search terms: or - find plumbing supplies starting with: a b c d e f g h i j k l m n o p q r s t u v w x y z homepage | about us | contact us | how to order | view shopping cart | testimonials | q and a | disclaimer | return policy copyright© 1995-2011 all rights reserved. plumbingsupply.com