来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20101220205213/http://www.plumbingsupply.com/faqshipping.html
================================================================================

shipping faq's from famous plumbing supply simple, straightforward shipping rates: plumbingsupply.com is the web's leading and most popular internet plumbing supplier since 1995 to home page - to email us - to how to order - to customer testimonials - to faq's - to report error - to search products - to view cart find other plumbing supplies starting with the letter:   a b c d e f g h i j k l m n o p q r s t u v w x y z to express shipping rates - to usps postal rates to rates for apo/fpo, guam, palau, puerto rico, virgin islands, marianna islands (967/969 zip codes) no guesswork - shipping is simply based off the amount of your order. whether you choose standard ground shipping, express, or postal delivery, it's easy to know the exact shipping amount. we do not require a minimum-sized order and we provide excellent service on every order, no matter what size. standard shipping rates: order amount standard shipping(continental 48 states) standard shipping*(alaska / hawaii) $500.01 and up $29.95 $40.95 $300.01 - $500.00 $24.95 $35.95 $200.01 - $300.00 $17.95 $28.95 $150.01 - $200.00 $15.95 $26.95 $100.01 - $150.00 $13.95 $24.95 $60.01 - $100.00 $11.95 $21.95 $40.01 - $60.00 $9.95 $15.95 $20.01 - $40.00 $8.95 $10.95 $0 - $20.00 $7.95 $8.95 large/heavy items that ship by truck may have an additional shipping fee and do not qualify for express shipping.*large/ heavy items (those products that ship by truck on a pallet) to alaska and hawaii will only ship to a freight forwarder located in the continental us. "how long will my order take?" we generally ship within one business day (m-f) of receiving your order. orders shipping direct from a manufacturer may take longer (usually 2-3 days before shipping). depending on the product(s) ordered and your location, your order should arrive in 1-8 business days. during the holidays, shipping times can be slightly longer. "why does an inexpensive item costs $7.95 to ship regular ground?" shipping costs for standard ground shipment are flat rates that are based upon the product subtotal. this allows our customers to see the "bottom line" before they submit their order (and are also provided with the shipping charges for us mail or express shipment). they can then decide whether or not to continue with the order based on the order's total rather than just the initial cost of the product. please note that we do not require a "minimum order amount" to place an order through our site; however, please also understand we make no money on small-dollar orders. in order to allow our customers the convenience of being able to place orders of any size with us -- no matter how low the cost of the product or order total may be -- we must charge a low, flat rate shipping charge that may "seem" high at first glance but one that we feel is very fair (considering this small charge must cover actual shipping costs as well as all other costs associated with placing/filling/handling all orders). "do you always ship via ups/fedex ground delivery when i chose that as my shipping preference?" no. if your product is lightweight and low-priced, we and our access warehouses may ship the product via priority mail. in some cases, you will receive a usps delivery confirmation number, in others, you will not; it depends on which warehouse it ships from. there is no additional charge for this expedited, upgraded delivery service. if you chose "ground" as your delivery preference, you will never be charged more than the standard rates. "do you ship outside of the united states?" unfortunately, we ship only to destinations within the united states of america and us territories, such as apo's, fpo's, guam, palau, puerto rico, virgin islands, marianna islands, etc. "will i have to pay sales tax on my order?" only orders shipping to california are subject to sales tax (8.25%). "the product i'm ordering is very heavy and does not ship by a standard carrier (ups or us mail). how much does it cost to have item(s) shipped by truck/freight?" heavy items, such as tubs, large drain cleaners, commercial sinks, and some drinking fountains include an additional shipping charge (in addition to the standard shipping rates). this additional shipping fee is posted clearly on the page the product is listed on and is added to the order total for you to see prior to submitting your order. please note that shipments going to alaska and hawaii will require you to arrange a freight forwarder for delivery. the cost to ship an item freighted to alaska and hawaii is very expensive and our shipping charges are only intended to cover delivery via ups ground service, or 2nd day air. "i'd like to ship my order at the lowest possible rate. how should i have you ship it?" our way of charging for shipping (not basing the shipping amount on what it costs us, but rather on the order subtotal) is easiest for you and us. you can immediately determine if you are saving money or not by buying from us, as you will immediately know the shipping cost. you do not have to wait until you receive your bill or have to wait until we figure it out for you. if you want the lowest rate (and are in the continental u.s.) then simply choose "standard" shipping. we do not offer lower rates than that. "i want to order a 300 pound cast iron tub. does the delivery charge include taking the tub up to the second floor? the delivery charge is to get the tub/product to your house; it does not include getting it into your house. your tub/product gets delivered by a ltl trucking company (such as viking, bestway, etc.), and they only deliver to your house. due to insurance and liability reasons this does not include taking it off of the truck and up those stairs (as in the example). also, you may need to order a lift gate to assist with getting your package safely off the truck (recommended for residential delivery). every page that has items that ship by truck, includes an option for ordering a lift gate. there is an additional charge for this service. "what should i do when my package first arrives?" please open all boxes immediately and check contents for damage. we must be notified of any damage or other problems within 2 days of you receiving your products. in order to serve you better, we request that you also inspect all of your products for obvious defects/blemishes within 2 days of receiving them. "my order arrived today and i noticed the package was damaged. what should i do?" if the packaging appears to be damaged on the outside, please ask the driver/delivery person to inspect the contents with you immediately to avoid sending undamaged products back and delay the completing of your project. if the delivery person won't inspect the contents of the package, then refuse it and make a note on the proof of delivery (driver refused to inspect). "i prefer to use my own shipper number (i have an account with fed ex), can you have my shipper pick up the product and then you not charge me for shipping?" sorry, but we simply do too much business daily to be able to have exceptions to our way of shipping. we certainly can understand that you want to use your own shipper, but in order for us to keep our prices down for everyone, we can only operate shipping one way and that is shipping all of our packages the same way with the same shipper. "how long after i place my order will it be before you actually ship my products?" if your products are in stock here at our plumbingsupply.com warehouse (in chico, ca) and you place your order by 4:00pm pacific standard/daylight time (7:00pm est/edt monday through friday, excluding holidays), the chances are 98% that we will ship your order the same day that you ordered it. if your product is to ship direct from the manufacturer or one of their access warehouses, then the lead-time to ship will be approximately 2-3 business days unless a longer lead-time to ship has been mentioned either on the page where the product is priced or in the shopping cart description of the product. if we determine your expected ship date will exceed the time-frames we've outlined above, we will let you know the lead time(s) within 24-hours of placing your order (during our normal business hours). please note that delays can and do occur sometimes when shipping products from the manufacturer and their access warehouses. there can be delays related to processing and/or assembly, and if time is crucial, please do contact us via e-mail before ordering so that we can tell you whether or not the product you are ordering is coming from our own warehouse or the manufacturer's. we can then offer you a firmer lead-time to ship. generally, ground ups/fedex delivery can take up to 7 business days (usually a lot faster than that but we prefer to "under-promise and over-perform" and so want to warn you that sometimes ups/fedex, etc have glitches) to deliver depending on your location relative to the warehouse where the product is shipping. please do allow a few more days during december's holiday shipping season (christmas and thanksgiving seasons) before expecting your order. "i need the order tomorrow. why don't you offer next day air?" we offered next day air during our first two years of being in business. we found that when we offered next day air, along with more orders, we also received more dissatisfaction. some of it was due to the courier failing to deliver on time, some of it was due to customers placing orders after our cut-off time (and still expected to have it next day), and some of it was due to stressful customers who needed the product "yesterday" and ordered from us because we showed the product. we found that the customer satisfaction rate with next day air was not as good as we would like, and we, therefore, decided to no longer offer it. we do offer second day air, but please understand that we must receive your order by 4:00pm pacific time (as late as 7:00pm eastern time) and that ups/fedex many times delivers express shipping in three working days. saturdays and sundays and holidays do not count in the two days as well. if your order is an emergency it is probably better for you (and us) that you order it locally. "what are your policies on returns?" in most cases we do charge a restock and in some cases we will not take a product back. we list all on our return policy page. we believe that our return policy is fair and reasonable and is very easy to read and understand. "if i select express shipping, and part of my order is not in stock, how will the order be shipped?" if part of your order is in stock, and one or more items are out of stock we give you the option to either have the in stock item shipped now, and the remainder will ship once we receive it; or, we can hold the in stock item until the backorder arrives, and ship the order complete. either way, you are not charged any extra for shipping.if "express" shipping is selected and you choose to have the in stock item shipped now, we will ship the in stock portion express. the remainder of the order will be shipped via a "standard" method once it arrives. likewise, if you've chosen "express" shipping and choose to have the in stock items held, your order will ship "express" once the backordered item is back in stock.we pride ourselves on our inventory levels, and strive to keep at least 98% of our products in stock. if something is not in stock, we apologize for any inconvenience, and we will do our best to bring it in as quickly as possible. "i have ordered numerous items and you have all but one item in stock. if you ship everything now, and the backordered item when it comes in, will i have to pay the shipping fees twice?" standard shipping charges are a flat rates based on the price of the product (not based on the actual cost of the shipping). we have done this to make life easier for our customers. this makes it easy to know the exact cost of shipping each and every time on each and every product. charging based on the cost of the product means, that in this case, it won't cost you any extra if we ship one, two or even ten packages to you. "why do you charge my credit card even if it takes a week to ship ?" we must charge your credit card on special orders and back orders immediately because we want to make sure that there are funds available. you need not worry about us never shipping your products and you still having to pay (getting "ripped off" by us) because should your products never arrive you can deduct the amount from your credit card company even months later as they protect you from fraud. that is the case not only if purchasing from us but with all merchants who sell on the net. rest assured, we are totally honest and you need not worry. however, we know this is a concern, so if you do not believe what you've just read, feel free to ask your credit card company. "i'd like to give special instructions for the ups/fedex driver, such as to leave it on the porch without a signature. can i do that?" unfortunately that is not possible. for our protection against fraud we cannot insist to ups/fedex that they leave your product without your signature. they might do so but we cannot specify specific instructions to ups/fedex. however, please be aware that some shipments may require a signature for delivery based on where it is coming from or how it was shipped. "if you ship the correct products (as stated on our catalog) and i simply change my mind and wish to return the products, will you pay for me to ship the products back to you?" if we make a mistake we certainly will, but if you simply change your mind, we cannot afford to do so. please read our return policy page for a more detailed explanation if this is a concern to you. "can you 'guarantee' that i'll get my shipment on time?" in a "perfect" world, a "perfect" (we think we're close) supplier would deliver 100% of its shipments on time, to the correct customer, 100% of the time. the shipments would include the correct content 100% of the time and the customers would be 100% satisfied every time. that's in theory. we have read figures/statistics that in the supply business, with other suppliers, at any given time, as many as 1/3rd of shipments do not get to the customer on time (in other words only about 67% of their customers are "totally" satisfied), with the correct merchandise or to the customer satisfaction. we believe that our satisfaction rate is over 99% but we aren't perfect. just a comment, from our experience, incorrect address information received from our customers is one of our primary reasons for lost or delayed shipments. "i live in a place that is difficult to reach by any shipping company. should i notifiy you of this on my order?" if you live in a place that is difficult to reach by any shipping company, please let us know prior to placing your order or in the "comments" section of the order form. we must be able to determine if delivery will be possible. we use many of the most popular shipping services; ups, fedex, u.s. postal service, common carrier (truck/freight lines). if you have ever had problems with deliveries with these or any other shipping company, the shippers we use may have the same problems. also, if you live in a remote area, our standard, quoted delivery time for ground deliveries - which is up to 10 business days from the day the order is shipped - may not apply to your order. there may be unanticipated delays that are out of our control. again, please let us know prior to placing your order or in the "comments" section of the order form if you live in an area that may have special issues with delivery. by knowing ahead of time that this may be a problem, we can check with the warehouse(s) where the product(s) will be shipping from and receive a delivery-time quote for you in order to help you plan ahead. a few customer testimonials you can read many hundreds more by clicking here we respect your privacy, these customer comments are strictly with written permission "i order a ton of product online and this was the very first time a company said that they are not charging me extra shipping charges due to it not being necessary (even nordstrom doesn't do that)." - sandy miller, broker/owner help-u-sell westside properties, santa monica, california 90401 "i really want to commend you and your company on having great customer service. i noticed that you had it ready to ship on the day i ordered it, christmas eve no less. i also appreciate the fact that your company called me when you were informed that ups damaged the rod before it was delivered. it is nice to do business with a company that has great customer service these days." - james ryan, lyndonville, new york 14098-9621 "...i was quite surprised at how quickly they came and how reasonable the shipping charges were. usually you pay a fortune for postage from companies such as yours. your service is also remarkable. i will make it a point to buy all of my plumbing supplies from you from now on. keep up the good work...... i can't tell you what a pleasant experience it was to deal with you. you don't get service like yours any more and i just wanted to make sure you knew i appreciated it." - sidney w. jeffrey, lancaster, pennsylvania 17602 "...my order arrived safely...i was surprised that it got here so quickly, a testament to the speed with which you process order. thank you for the excellent service, and you can count on us being customers of yours in the future. you deserve recognition for superior service and dedication to the needs of your customers." - robert miles, barrington, new hampshire 03825-7287 "once again, your services were amazing! my order was at my door in 2 days! i will continue to utilize your services again and again. thanks again for your very prompt service!....you certainly made my week in the prompt services your company provided." - doug murdock, heber city, utah 84032 "thanks for the quick service. last time i ordered i received my purchase the next day, even though i placed the order late in the afternoon and didn't request any special handling." - david matuszak, gilroy, ca 95020 "this is the way internet business should work!....thanks." - greg glasscock, auburn, alabama 36830-7255 "fast shipping! it arrived much faster than i anticipated. thanks." - bob fogle, jacksonville, north carolina 28540 "thanks for the fast shipping...." - bob looney, redmond, oregon 97756 return to top ↑ "if the world is getting smaller, why do postal rates keep going up?" is there something else that you are looking for? enter search terms: or - find plumbing supplies starting with: a b c d e f g h i j k l m n o p q r s t u v w x y z homepage | about us | contact us | how to order | view shopping cart | testimonials | q and a | disclaimer | return policy copyright© 1995-2011 all rights reserved. plumbingsupply.com