来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20101220205213/http://www.plumbingsupply.com/testimonials.html
================================================================================

testimonials and reviews from our customers for famous plumbing supply we are very proud of our customer satisfaction rate. we are the largest and most popular internet mail order plumbing supplier since 1995 to our front page - to e-mail - contact us - to awards page to our frequently asked questions page - to our shipping faq's page - to return policy questions page find plumbing supplies starting with:   a b c d e f g h i j k l m n o p q r s t u v w x y z here are reviews from some of our many tens of thousands of satisfied customers: - our motto is to "under promise and over perform" - - page 7 of our many customer testimonial pages - to page 1 of our many customer's testimonials - to page 2 of our many customer's testimonials - to page 3 - to testimonials page 4 - to page 5 - to testimonials page 6 this is testimonials page 7 - to testimonials page 8 - to page 9 - to page 10 - to page 11 - to testimonials page 12 - to testimonials page 13 - to kudos page 14 - to page 15 - to page 16 your privacy is very important to us and so please note: every customer review that is shown here has given us written permission to quote him or her. we will not quote you unless we have your written permission, and with all of our customers, we will never give, share or sell your e-mail address to anyone! "you guys are great and i just want you to know it. i feel it important to recognize customer service that is exemplary. i'm in the television production business and i meet a lot of people. whenever the topic of plumbing comes up i will refer folks to your website." - lloyd thomas swain, swain communications, llc, richland wa, 99352 "i received my order today and would like to thank you. i could not believe it came so fast and just being a small order i was amazed at the way your company handled it in such an orderly and courteous manner. it would be my pleasure to have you use my comments, thank you for the fine service and i look forward to doing business with your company again as i'm sure my friends and family will also. thank you." - dorothy duve, port saint lucie, fl 34952 "i just wanted to say that i was pleasantly surprised with the service that i received with your company. ...i know now where to go for fast and courteous service...we will definitely be using your company in the future as well." - rachel rentschler, v.p. - cincinnati bath restoration, inc. elsmere, kentucky 41018-1961 "as usual your service is awfully fast. i don't see much use in going to the plumbing supply store anymore.....i appreciate good service. i like to support local companies that give good service. i go to the better lumber yards and tool paces just for that reason, but, there are instances where i have found on the net, companies that really do treat their customers well. yours seems to be one of them. thanks." - paul kramer, richmond, california 94804-5803 "...i am absolutely amazed at your efficiency! i have not experienced this level of service for as long as i can recall. i plan to recommend you to my neighbors and to anyone else i encounter with plumbing supply needs." - corinne m. steede, chicago, illinois 60610-4034 "everything just as advertised. your team did a great job. the web site is excellent, easy to use and your shipping updates are a real confidence builder. on lines sales depend on excellence in communication and you have done this! your shipping and handling were fair and when combined with your price there was no one else even close! great price. good work and congrats on a working business model! i'll be back when the need arises." - bill james, hurricane, west virginia 25526-9268 "i want to thank you very much for the prompt efficient service you provided, it helped me a great deal. i won't hesitate to recommend your service and i look forward to doing business with you again in the future. keep up the good work." - bob fisher, las vegas, nevada 89110-1930 "...why would i buy locally when i can get this kind of service on items i don't need to have in hand within hours? i use the internet for ordering numerous items and your service is among the very best i have experienced on communication, speed, and reasonable prices. pass on a well done to everyone there!" - gerry p., prior lake, minnesota 55372 "...this was the second time i ordered supplies from your store and both times ordering was easy and receipt of the product was fast. customer service seems to be lacking in our country these days so it's pleasing to find a company who offers great service. my orders are small, just items to repair my home, yet i'm treated as if i was making large orders, you have made a loyal customer. keep up the good work. thanks again." - john ed mooney, fredericksburg, virginia 22406-6270 "you guys are a stand up company....i'll let people know about your company like i always do when i find a good company or product." - j. lefcourt, englewood cliffs, new jersey 07632 "shopping with you has been a delight....thanks again for your kind services and know that i will recommend your services to others. it has been a pleasure." - patricia schofield, neponset, illinois 61345 "thanks for the prompt and accurate delivery....i find it a comfort that i can rely on your internet connection... i have passed on the good news to many plumbers and 'doityourselvers'. thanks again." - melinda michael, grosse pointe shores, michigan 48236-1106 "this was a very good experience, and thank you for your attention. my online order with you is the first ever done online. everything about the purchase was positive, and i've given your company name to a couple of people." - susan, eureka, california 95502 "it was a very welcome change to be cared for as a customer. you have got yourself a new customer. keep up the good work....thank you!" - ric cottrell, hope builders inc., gaithersburg, md 20879 "thank you for the very good service....service like yours should be the norm and i do appreciate it when someone shows extra care and human contact, even for small orders such as mine." - ron gross, montebello, ca 90640-2364 "thank you for your excellent service on this recent order....personal attention or contact is so rare today in business." - koa drake cook, tulsa, oklahoma 74133 "you folks are awesome! my order from fri pm arrived today - monday." - woody wingfield, corpus christi, texas 78418 "...you people are great.......thank you for your excellent service and great communications" - vladimir gastevich, west lafayette, indiana 47906-2311 "...you have restored my faith in internet commerce....as a owner/operator of an electronics business i know how difficult it can be to deal with the public. it seems, however, that you have that one covered." - len swida, shavertown, pennsylvania 18708-1307 note: every customer that is shown here has given us written permission to quote him or her. we will not quote you unless we have your written permission, and with all of our customers, we will never give, share or sell your e-mail address to anyone! "excellent service and excellent use of the internet. i have saved your web page to my favorites. that's the bottom line!" - mike youssi md, new buffalo, michigan 49117-8208 "i would like to congratulate you on your prompt, professional, and courteous staff.... dealing with your company has been a good experience and i will keep you in mind for future purchases....you have a great staff!" - maria ford, warrington, pennsylvania 18976-1316 "you are an efficient and customer friendly business. you have confirmed my order, then sent tracking information, and offered your email address and phone number to contact...i will definitely recommend you...you made my day - dealing with plumbingsupply!! thanks." - kathie worner, blacksburg virginia, 24060 "i placed an order on 2/24/10...and it arrived in my mailbox on 2/26/10! i have never received an on-line order so quickly. also, the e-mail that was generated when i submitted my order was easy to read and understand and had large clear letters. i loved the tracking link also. i will definitely order from this company in the future. keep up the great service. this is what makes you stand out from the competition." - debra audette, webster massachusetts, 01570 "from the first call with charles your level of service is the 'best in class.' not only have you responded to our questions quickly and accurately, you have followed through with order changes, and spent the time and energy to help us locate a misplaced (ups) order shipment and brought the story to a positive end. thank you. we operate a brokerage business and deal with a host of vendors. your level of service and support is commendable...and deserves remarks of the highest order. it is unfortunate that others have not followed your lead!" - jack bransom, mt. sterling, illinois, 62353 "i'd like to thank all the people involved in the great customer service i received from your company. the emails and phone calls to make this part correct and to get it to me was beyond the call of duty. my replacement was the exact thing i needed. you were correct. thank you." - jo fox, oviedo, florida, 32765 "easy to select products. diagram of the parts that i need are fantastic. i'll be back in the future! thanks!!" - brad dotson, raleigh, north carolina, 27603 "i was completely satisfied with the service i received and would be happy to encourage others to do business with you...thanks for the solid service." - peter morelewicz, washington dc, 20005 "thanks so much for the wonderful way you treated me as a customer. i was delighted to find a company that deals with a person in a kind way. you helped me to pick out the correct product and the service to get me that product was awesome...i will use your company again and will tell others about it..thanks for you supreme service." - bill stiebs, new london, wisconsin, 54961 "i must commend you for the exceptional communication on the status of our order." - ellen becker, new york, new york, 10075 "thanks so much, not only for the extra speedy service, but the two gentlemen who helped me with the order were tremendous! very cordial." - kevin keene, lexington, south carolina, 29073 "very convenient site layout, and excellent prices. you made my aquarium plumbing project a lot easier to handle!" - david sacramo, frederick, maryland, 21703 "well after i wasted a lot of time at home depot, lowes, and several local hardware stores with no result, i sent my order to you. guess what -- the part i received from you was perfect. exact fit and color. and thanks for the jelly belly beans too, they were good. i'll be ordering from you again." - daniel ison, harrison, ohio 45030-9747 "just a note of thanks for your prompt service. it's such a pleasure to do business with a customer friendly company. even placing the order was fun...kudos to the delightful gal who took it! you can be sure i will recommend you to my plumber and my neighbor's here....i'd like to add that, our plumber (who is excellent), had a question about the part i bought and your online service was as helpful as the operator who took the original order. thanks again for being the kind of company we used to deal with!" - mimi roth, westport, connecticut, 06880 "thanks very much for the prompt and efficient service! your staff went above and beyond to ensure my satisfaction. my experience with other online purchases has not always been as pleasant." - richard jannuzzi, bound brook, new jersey, 08805 "i received the new toilet seat yesterday and am thrilled. it is an exact match and i appreciate you getting it out to me so quickly! i was extremely pleased with your company's service and will be glad to promote and recommend you to anyone. thank you again for your prompt and courteous service!" - janet branch, aspermont, texas, 79502 "who knew how one's life could be affected by toilet flappers? i had already tried two brands from local hardware stores that said they were for my toilet. they looked right but leaked. i'm glad i finally resorted to the internet and found you...i want to thank you for being so great to work with, even though i am such a small customer. a couple of hours after i submitted my order someone called me to ask enough questions to be sure i was ordering the right product. then later, another person called because i was careless in entering the expiration date of my credit card (of course, he didn't say that!) and two days later, my order arrived, the product works, and all is well in my little world." - nancy gerard, bellevue, washington, 98006 "i don't order much but when i need outstanding plumbing support and product i order from plumbingsupply.com! there are a few as good as mike palmer but none better. mike assisted me through the maze in my mind of not knowing what i really wanted, but in the end, the result was perfect. please keep up the outstanding customer support." - earl proetzel, suffolk, virginia, 23435 "thanks very much. truly i appreciate the strong job you did for me." - guy whelchel, tariffville, connecticut, 06081 "excellent. i have ordered here before. delivery was fast. thanks for the service. you have everything i need. hard to find fittings. why did i bother to go to home depot?" - charles beavers, edmonds, washington, 98020 "my order was received via ups yesterday and it is 100% correct. i appreciate the excellent service that was provided by plumbingsupply.com. thanks for the same day service!" - bart wallace, nashville, tennessee, 37209 "i was very pleased that your company acted so quickly on my behalf. it isn't the money (a smell amount in this case), but the fact that you reacted to the request and did something without it being a big deal...all of us have had the experience of trying to email or contact a big company for some help and usually it goes absolutely nowhere, so it was so gratifying to see a really person act so quickly on my behalf." - dennis wist, gibsonia, pennsylvania, 15044 "i've never in the past found a positive reason to communicate with any on-line retailer but i felt in this case i just had to take the time to compliment your organization on what i view as an outstanding job. it's obvious to me at least that you all realize that the customer is important even though we can often be a pain in the butt. particularly we do-it-yourselfers that sometimes think we know a lot more than we really do. i am totally impressed by: 1) your quality of your web site. 2) the ease of navigation around the site. 3) the promptness of your communications for both order confirmation and ship notification. 4) the speed of pick, pack, ship, and delivery. i ordered on fri 1pm eastern, it arrived here in virginia mon noon eastern. great job!" - charles caron, penhook, virginia, 24137 "again your company shows a positive position in my eyes concerning sales representation and the customer. so often, we only hear about the negative or things that did not go right. what a breath of fresh air to see the positive also conveyed. your staff responded promptly to my inquiry and was able to provide a solution that our local distributor could not. thank you." - robert hayens, mechanicsville, virginia, 23116 "your good customer service reminds me of my company's over the years..." - david beach, charlottesville, virginia, 22902 "...your personal attention is nothing short of excellent..." - gregory fanelli, victoria, texas 77905-3236 "...thank you for exceeding my expectations!" - joseph haynie, salt lake city, utah 84105-1126 "thank you so much for your super service....this was much faster than going to different local stores, only to find out they don't have the product. you can bet should i need more parts you will be hearing from me." - c. fenner, saginaw, michigan 48602-4659 "i am very please with my purchase. thank you very much for you excellent service." - elisa de jesus, san juan, puerto rico 00907-3253 "you have gained a loyal customer." - andrew t. merrill, nome, alaska 99762 "it is exactly this kind of attention to detail that made your company stand out for me...once again, thank you for your excellent service. kind regards to you and your staff." - asif anwar, dublin, california 94568-7500 "i received my parts in record time. i'm so please i found you...i'm very impressed with your prompt and professional service. thank you again!" - jeannette knower, albany, oregon 97321-1715 "just wanted to let you know that i am impressed by your prompt service. keep up the good work!" - terry cummins, hamilton, ohio 45011-5476 "i tell you that i am very pleased with your attention and service. thank you!" - jeremy nenninger, baltimore, maryland 21211-2407 "will definitely do business with you again when the need arises." - john armstrong, el paso, texas 79912 "very awesome! i was so impressed with the ease of ordering, quickness of delivery, and exactly what i needed!...great job!" - rick harpenau, jupiter, florida 33458-2461 "thanks...this is great customer service, hard to come by these days....thanks for the web site, the good customer service and i promise, i shall return." - zach marsh, sacramento, california 95821-3416 "thanks for the excellent service." - cecil smith, hamburg, new york 14075-4813 "...what a surprise! placed an order 6/11. received it 6/13. across the continent to boot...thanks." - vinny kreyling, hicksville, new york 11801-1940 "...you folks have done an outstanding job...'life is good!'...my best to your continued success." - richard newhouse, atlanta, georgia 30350-5653 "you guys are fabulous!!!! i will pass your site along to friends. what great service....i am a happy girl!!" - zoe jussell, bisbee, arizona, 85603 "you folks are great!" - jon nelson, sunnyvale, california 94086-5927 "most impressed with your fast fill of this order and the quality is top notch. please feel free to use me as a reference for others to promote your internet business. a++" - rob powell, garland, texas 75043-3003 "...i appreciate your attention to details." - steve baker, carlsbad, california 92009-8522 "...excellent service. look forward to needing more supplies in the future!" - doug wiltanger, kent, ohio 44240-1890 "...please know that i truly appreciate your company's service and wish you continued success." - helen t. rudnicki, durango, colorado 81302 "appreciate the fast & courteous service and the excellent product! thanks again." - beth davidow, santa barbara, california 93103-2170 "once again, thanks for the great service." - stephen c., clifton, virginia 20124 "...thank you for the terrific service...i've got your website saved in my address book for when i need more plumbing stuff!" - helen mitcham, clearlake oaks, california 95423 "...your service, information and e-mails have been excellent." - paul schomer, champaign, illinois 61821-6537 "you have a great site...i found the parts quickly and had them in shipment almost immediately. prices were very competitive with other sites. my kitchen has returned to normal. thanks for your help." - paul murphy, ljamsville, maryland, 21754-8934 "this was my first order with you and i am very impressed with your responsiveness and prompt delivery. you've got my future business." - duane relitz, goodrich, michigan 48438-9406 "...i would like to comment on how wonderful your site is...i had pretty much lost hope... i can't tell you how thrilled i am about this...i will certainly keep your site in mind whenever i have plumbing problems in the future and will be sure to spread the word." - sheri d. gilley, oak park, illinois 60304-1623 note: every customer that is shown here has given us written permission to quote him or her. we will not quote you unless we have your written permission, and with all of our customers, we will never give, share or sell your e-mail address to anyone! "thanks for your prompt attention....they were exactly what i needed." - bill thompson, burr ridge, illinois 60527-7595 "...your courtesy and attention are surpassed by your kindness...very many thanks, it was a pleasure doing business with you... and add me to your list of satisfied customers....i will look for your company if any need arises for this week-end plumber." - alfred machado, middle village, new york 11379-2340 "i will definitely look at your website first anytime i need plumbing products." - james, lomita, california "i ordered some hard to find plumbing items from your company. they arrived a day later. next time i'll run down to the mailbox - you must have delivered it under cover of darkness. thanks for the great service...keep up the good work." - dick schor, nashville, tennessee 37211-6856 "your service and communication was wonderful. it has been a pleasure working with your company, and look forward to a long lasting business future." - winnie stout, roseville, california 95747-6504 "i've been very impressed with your company since finding it on the web. your customer service has also been super helpful!... i work in customer service...i know how it feels when someone expresses appreciation! i meant what i said, and i deal with a lot of internet companies, and your company's quick and helpful responses have been truly unique." - jane levine, newberry, florida 32669 "outstanding service!!!!!!.....it is very funny that companies complain that business is slow yet they give their customers no 'service'...anyone can sell products...'service' divides the poor companies from the great ones...like yours...thanks again." - lee rice, www.lickmyribs.com, hinckley, ohio 44233-9111 to our next testimonials page because we treasure and honor your privacy every customer above has given us written permission to quote him or her. we will not quote your review of us unless we have your written permission and in no case, will we give or sell your e-mail address to anyone. click here to go to our fun quotes page, with quotes such as: "if i take care of my character, my reputation will take care of me." - dwight l. moody return to top ↑ is there something else that you are looking for? enter search terms: or - find plumbing supplies starting with: a b c d e f g h i j k l m n o p q r s t u v w x y z homepage | about us | contact us | how to order | view shopping cart | testimonials | q and a | disclaimer | return policy copyright© 1995-2011 all rights reserved. plumbingsupply.com