来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20111216161553/http://www.plumbingsupply.com/customers.html
================================================================================

"over perform" is our motto - customers comments about plumbingsupply.com we are very proud of our customer satisfaction rate. we are the largest and most popular internet mail order plumbing supplier since 1995 to our front page - to e-mail - contact us - to awards page to our frequently asked questions page - to our shipping faq's page - to return policy questions page find plumbing supplies starting with:   a b c d e f g h i j k l m n o p q r s t u v w x y z "it is high time that the ideal of success should be replaced by the ideal of service." - albert einstein some testimonials from our customers (whom we like to call our best "sales force"): - our motto is to "under promise and over perform" - - page 1 of our real customer testimonial pages - to page 2 of our customer's testimonials - to page 3 - to testimonials page 4 - to page 5 - to page 6 - to page 7 to customer testimonials page 8 - to page 9 - to page 10 - to page 11 - to page 12 - to page 13 to page 14 - to page 15 - to page 16 - to some of business places we've shipped to - to our founder page your privacy is very important to us and so please note: every customer that is shown here has given us written permission to quote him or her. we will not quote you unless we have your written permission, and with all of our customers, we will never give, share or sell your e-mail address to anyone! "this is my third order and the service has been fantastic. you have a great online store. keep up the good work." - patricia frydryck, salem, new hampshire 03079-5878 "you guys go above and beyond which is why i keep coming back. the level of service you have provided me is far better than even my local specialty plumbing store provides, and you are over 1000 miles away. keep up the good work." and previously on another order: "you provided me help and the information i needed...i look forward to doing all my plumbing related business with you in the future...i will refer anyone." - andy riem, granger, indiana 46530-6702 "i've ordered from you all a number of times, and really appreciate the attention you give to small individual customers." - melinda johansson, wilmington, north carolina 28403 "we wanted to tell you how pleased we are with our purchases. it's companies like yours that give online retailers a good name. you have great pricing, an amazing selection of products, and wonderful customer service. the only downfall is that we didn't find your site sooner. thank you and keep up the good work. we look forward to doing business with your company again, and we'll refer all of our friends and family." - michael, ember, cole, and riley travinski, skamania, washington 98648 "fyi, i've been supervising/managing internet fulfillment warehousing for several years and rarely do i have an internet order handled with the professionalism and expertise as i've come to expect from my own team/company. your company did a fantastic job from order placement to delivery. thank you and keep up the good work." - ron gerry huth, woodland hills, california 95695 "thank you for your great customer service and follow up with this order.....being in the service industry myself (realtor and previously in the restaurant business) i understand the importance of great customer service and letting others know - feel free to quote me and use my name, town and state. keep up the good work." - kathy sollien, realtor, bennington, vermont 05257 "i want to personally thank you for your excellent customer service. it is always a pleasure dealing with a respectable company. we (my client & i) loved the products and are so happy to find the features and quality that we sought. thanks again for the excellent service. i look forward once again to continued business." - joe cuttris, joseph cuttris designs inc, washington d.c., 20015 "your company is totally unbelievable!!!! ....we originally ordered from you because the price was way, way lower than anyone else we could find. now we will also add superior service to that, you are fantastic!!!!!.....your company is awesome!!! every time i walk into our main bathroom and notice the part that i received from you, i am amazed once again about your outstanding service! it is so reassuring to know that there are still companies who actually do what they promise and who put the customer first! thanks again for your terrific prices, quality, and service!." - cynthia ackerman, galt, california 95632 "it is a pleasure to deal with a company that is so customer service oriented in this day and age when there is so little customer service being offered. i was in the service industry for over 40 years prior to retirement....thanks again for the great service." - paul j. stein, cooper city, florida 33026-1006 "i am extremely impressed with your superior customer focus and service!...i work in management for a large us retailer and only wish we had this sense of urgency, follow-up and follow-thru as you do! many organizations claim and attempt to under promise and over deliver, you do this remarkably well!" - tom arndts, albion, michigan 49224-1805 "your service is first class from the order taking, to the shipping, and the merchandise......it is a pleasure to do business with professionals like those at plumbingsupply.com. ....i'm happy to share with others that they can expect top quality and top service when they do business with plumbingsupply.com." - kitty a. dugan, financial advisor, 1st global capital corp., barrows wealth management, chambersburg, pennsylvania 17201 "it's been a real pleasure to deal with such a professional company who cares about their customers. you'll be the company i deal with from now on! thanks again." - michael oley, wilmington, massachusetts 01887-3331 "....we are very ingratiated to you - for your attention, your expedience, your overall service.......your company's service is above and beyond...we will never go anywhere else and i hope to be sending you future business.....your newest fan." - connie dove, houde home construction, inc, cape neddick, maine 03902 "i have never dealt with companies such as yours. you are the most customer-oriented company that i have had the pleasure to deal with. it's so nice to be treated the way you guys have treated me. i really appreciate it." - joe giles, newark, ohio 43050-9363 "i've been buying on line for 6 years and you are a 10. you are unbelievable." - claude hayn, frederick, maryland, 21703-5809 "wow! what amazing service. thanks for the extraordinary job and merchandise. i'm totally impressed." - tom conway, seattle, washington 98103-5916 "your site proved to be the best internet shopping experience i've had." - john williams, lawrence, kansas 66049-3004 "...wow. thanks for the great service....if there would be more companies out there like yours, believe me, we wouldn't be outsourcing all the business that we have over the last few years." - chuck sutton, port saint lucie, florida 34983-1615 note: every customer that is shown here has given us written permission to quote him or her. we will not quote you unless we have your written permission, and with all of our customers, we will never give, share or sell your e-mail address to anyone! "what a service! i am very happy and i thank you, for expediting my order so fast and with a personal touch. it has been a pleasure doing business with you." - richard szymanski, muskegon, michigan 49441-4227 "recently purchased same item from you. it worked so well that i am buying a second one. it was a great product at a fair price." - garvis w. toler, burke, virginia 22015 "everything you said on your site was true! i like your straightforward, no nonsense approach....i am more than happy to endorse your services and hope that it helps someone who is teetering on the edge of not ordering to throw care to the wind and order. they won't be disappointed......i will certainly remember you and your group and have already shared your web page with several colleagues in my office. i need to take lessons from you!" - shari padfield, firm yield pollen international, yakima, washington & portland oregon "you guys run a web business the way a web business oughta be run.......i sent a link to your website to all my buddies.....keep up the good work." - mark van horne, bellevue, washington 98006 "i want to thank you for the outstanding service you provided me. you were exceptionally helpful in working out the small details to make my installation just perfect. you and your group are to be commended for your attention to detail and just being a great e-commerce site." - james butkus, hollywood, florida 33019-1020 "hello from the land of the rising sun. received the order wednesday here in japan. thanks for all of the assistance and great service. it will be a pleasure to utilize your company for future purchases....your staff treated my order as if it was a million dollar sale...from the very first day i placed my order to the day i received my order, not once did you guys drop the ball or did i worry about my order. your company helped me regain faith in purchasing from the states now knowing that there remains companies that truly care about their customers needs.... - toney c. field, apo/fpo ap 96306-1220 "i am unsure how many times i have purchases through your company, but i can assure you that i have always been pleased with the entire transaction. many thanks." - maurice simons, bark river, michigan 49807 "thank you for offering such a hard to find items. better pricing than lowes and home depot.....thanks again for your companies attention in the follow up and ordering process." - alis archibeque, moreno valley, california 92557 "....after several blood pressure raising phone calls to various local plumbing supply houses i found it on your site the first try. well done and thanks again......you guys run a good operation and folks should know it.... i have told several people about you guys. hopefully i can send you some business....thanks again for the great service." - lee leonard, crozet, virginia 22932 "excellent and very prompt response ... to my initial e-mail question. i had great difficulty in filling my need and the prompt response enabled me to not have to order from an overseas supplier. thanks so much." - pam mullen, marietta, georgia 30068-3625 "i have read some of the testimonials offered on your web site and i have to agree with them, you folks certainly perform above standard.....many thanks." - jeff whooten, goffstown, new hampshire 03045-1610 "please let your management know that they have a group of truly customer-oriented employees - something that's increasingly difficult to find these days. thank you!" - mary hartshorn, san antonio, texas 78239-2040 "glad you guys pay attention to what people think. that's why you're good at keeping customers happy." - fred watts, overland park, kansas 66212-1743 note: every customer that is shown here has given us written permission to quote him or her. we will not quote you unless we have your written permission, and with all of our customers, we will never give, share or sell your e-mail address to anyone! "...i especially appreciate when companies stick by their mottos...so i think your motto 'our goal is to underpromise and over overperform' holds true. thanks!" - suzanna yamamoto, pinole, california 94564-2380 "thank you for incredible service!." - the millers, tucson, arizona 85730 "i received my order in a very timely fashion. it doesn't seem like people go the extra mile these days. thank you for going the extra mile." - laura clark, crofton, kentucky 42217-7312 "as a matter of fact, i'm about to order some additional parts because the first set worked perfectly. thanks for having the best plumbing web site on the net" - mark webb, fairfax, virginia 22033-1251 "...let me mention my gratitude in dealing with a company that not only has a great selection of products but the integrity to back up their merchandise. ...i'll be a regular customer...you can use my name & e-mail, that's ok w/ me. i'd be happy to help promote your store." - karl toubman, kamuela, hawaii 96743-8450 "thank you for the excellent service. if everyone i dealt with were as efficient and customers service oriented as your company, life would be much more simple. thank you for all your help." - l. flowers, denton, texas 76207 "...you have excellent service. it was very easy to order your products online, and i always received very prompt responses to my inquiries. thank you for your great customer service!" - betsy martin, san francisco, california 94122-3709 "...i have been hesitant to purchase on line, many of the people i have spoken to don't have too many good things to say about the experience.... i can say that my the experience has been a pleasant one. i will be sure to recommend the plumbing supply group to friends who shop on line, and especially to those who don't....i will be sure to tell others of your excellent customer service." - chester thompson, naples, florida 34119-1504 "thanks for the great packaging and shipping..... i couldn't believe it arrived so quickly, in great shape,..... thanks, too, for the great communication as my order progressed. you folks are the best." - joann lovelace, austin, texas 78750-7872 "i am impressed with the way you do business. i made a second order, late on friday evening and received it in the mail by noon on monday. i like the way you do business." - kem bales, muleshoe, texas 79347-4215 "thanks again for the quick reply and all the help. it's not easy to find a company that will go out of it's way for the customer." - mark mccawley, cornelius, oregon 97113-6818 "thank you for being so prompt. i will tell others of your attention to me. thanks again." - wayne pudivitr, crescent city, california 95531-8563 "i just want to say thank you very much for the quick service and fast shipping! i will certainly be buying from you again." - fernando gutierrez, earth city, missouri 63045-1102 "i just received my package and they are wonderful!!! thanks again for your service." - pamela miller, indianapolis, indiana 46220-4411 "you have definitely met your company's goal to "under-promise and over-perform"." - raquel lackey, bellevue, washington 98009-3031 "i certainly will remember you! ......thank you so much for the prompt delivery and classic customer service." - kathy hochberg, easton pennsylvania 18045-4941 "it was nice to get someone on the line who took the time to hear us out." - ralph mendoza, morris plains, new jersey 07950-2207 "i am very happy and satisfied with my purchase. thank you." - jerry pavlick, downers grove, illinois 60515-1547 "thanks for getting the stuff to us so quickly, not used to that kind of turnaround." - robert schaefer, fort jones, california 96032-9719 "i received my order in a very timely manner... i believe your character is at least as good as your gesture and look forward to doing business in the future." - dewey heaton, broken arrow, oklahoma 74014-2721 "thank you for the fast response and shipping. you have solved my problem again thanks and it's been nice dealing with you and will again." - ed watson, rockport, washington 98283-0036 "your website was extremely easy to navigate and i was able to find the exact item i needed. your shopping cart was also very easy to use, and i appreciate the updates by email during the shipping process. this was one of the best online shopping experiences i have had." - rebecca pinkoski, kingston, pennsylvania 18704-2704 "... you're wonderful. you've saved me ~$300 so far plus you have stock on some seriously oddball parts that i couldn't have easily found locally. plus, i don't have to take time to go to the store to get all of this stuff... your usual excellent service...go ahead and quote me. you've got a very cool, unique business - time to enlighten the masses." - m. parker, los gatos, california "i would like to complement you and your employees on the great service that you provide. i live in a very rural area of arizona and we are in the process of developing an rv park. my local supplier deals with what i am told is a nation wide plumbing supply company. every order that i have placed with that national company, takes two to three weeks to get for delivery and rarely is the order complete. however every time i place an order with your company my order arrives complete and in three to four days. so much for 'bigger is better.' keep up the good work!!!!!" - paul dicarlo, bouse, arizona 85325 "it is obvious from viewing the many testimonials on your website that the excellent service i received on my recent order was no fluke. it's standard operating procedure for your company. a company run like your deserves all the business it gets." - thomas hoesman, north royalton, ohio 44133-6084 "in an age where customer service is often a long-forgotten courtesy, i found your people to be cordial, efficient, and highly professional. thanks." - robert abdo, williamsburg, virginia 23188-8808 note: every customer that is shown here has given us written permission to quote him or her. we will not quote you unless we have your written permission, and with all of our customers, we will never give, share or sell your e-mail address to anyone! "thank you. my order arrived (faster than expected) and it was exactly what i needed. rest assured that i will tell others of your great and speedy service. you will be the first place i turn to for my plumbing needs." - edward cookenham, memphis, tennessee 38133-2706 "unbelievable service, thank you. i have already told a lot of people about your customer service." - richard blankenship, portland, oregon 97217-7554 "your service truly is excellent and i have already mentioned your site to others. i am a firm believer in supporting companies that i feel are of quality such as yours." - bob roig, barrington, illinois 60010-4461 "my order is complete and your exemplary service assures my use of your products so long as they are available. super service!!!!!" - wilbur sourbeck, grantville, pennsylvania 17028-9311 "i want to thank you for your super fast delivery - what unbelievable service. thank you, thank you, thank you and you are now a shortcut icon on my pc desktop." - vanessa zumwalt, university place, washington 98466-5609 "love your website - you make it soooo easy!" - celina boucher, yukon, oklahoma 73099-6861 "....and i just wanted to say - thank you very much. great service and great results." - king jenks, rocklin, california 95677-2231 "i am thrilled to have found you! thanks!" - june lucas, mineral ridge, ohio 44440-9721 "good to do business with you and the product arrived faster that expected and in good shape." - edward elliott, apollo beach, florida 33572-2227 "parts arrived this morning and have solved my problem. thanks for the great service and for the thoughtfulness in changing the shipping method." - michael friedman, novato, california 94945-1539 "your site was no-nonsense and intuitive. because of your quality, access availability, delivery and prices, you are "virtually" friendlier than my local hardware store." - kelley clond, siloam springs, arizona 72761-2229 "you have been very helpful in getting my order in place." - kevin dompe, los angeles, california 90046-7751 "i appreciate the quick handling of my order. looking forward to doing business with you in the future." - nick vonno, melbourne, florida 32932-5727 "just wanted to thank you for all your assistance in getting me this item. i appreciate the extent you went through to assist me. thank you again." - cathy castro, mongmong, guam 96910 "everything was exactly as pictured. i appreciate your staff and excellent handling of my order. you have a great organization!" - jeffrey miller, greensboro, north carolina 27407-5049 "i must say that i am very impressed with your company and your professionalism. competent customer service is so rare these days, i had forgotten what it feels like to experience it!" - bob desjardins, altamonte springs, florida 32714-7207 "i am in awe of your operation! one half hour ago i received shipment (impeccably, meticulously packed)... it arrived less than 30 hours after the order was placed. we just wanted you to know that you have made this couple in palo alto very, very happy." - marlys keoshian, palo alto, california 94301-3607 "i would like to take this opportunity to thank you for your superior service....and believe with the service standards that you have provided us, you and your staff will grow from strength to strength. your company has honestly created a magic moment for us by exceeding our expectations.... once again congratulations on a job incredibly well done." - louise hattingh, redco construction, key west, florida 33040-4680 "yes, you do underpromise and overperform. this is my second time ordering from you and i am very pleased with your service. thanks for all the hard work......go ahead and use the comment, you deserve it." - timothy seward, pocatello, idaho, 83201-4406 note: every customer that is shown here has given us written permission to quote him or her. we will not quote you unless we have your written permission, and with all of our customers, we will never give, share or sell your e-mail address to anyone! "the part arrived today. thanks for the prompt reply. this was certainly a pleasant and unexpected response. very good public relations." - john cullom, catonsville, maryland 21228-5215 "it's great to do business with organizations who respond to customer needs in a quick and courteous manner as you do. thank you." - john wright, pittsburgh, pennsylvania 15205-2818 "this is my first order with you and i'm really impressed with your customer service." - nguyen anh dung, ho chi minh, vietnam 96521-0002 "thanks for the prompt response and for having just the part i needed... i probably searched 10 hours (local and internet search) for that part. your service was prompt and excellent!" - margie crader, apex, north carolina 27502-9008 "thank you for the great service. the product arrived safe and sound and was easy to install." - suzanne gonzalez, rancho santa margarita, california 92688-3162 "your service is outstanding. excellent company. wish i needed more of your products more often.... not only was the service (order confirmation, and shipping) super, the timely, complete, and very helpful response to my email questions about the item was equally great. congratulations on having such a fine company." - roger anderson, murfreesboro, tennessee 37130-5619 because we treasure and honor your privacy every customer above has given us written permission to quote him or her. we will not quote you unless we have your written permission and in no case, will we give or sell your e-mail address to anyone. return to top ↑ this is our first (# 1) customer's testimonial page to our second customer's testimonials page to our third customer's testimonials page to our fourth customer's testimonials page to our fifth customer's testimonials page to our sixth happy customer's page to our seventh customer's testimonials page to our eighth customer's testimonials page to our ninth customer's testimonials page to our tenth customer's thanks page to our eleventh testimonials page to our twelfth testimonials page to our thirteenth testimonials page to our fourteenth kudos page to our fifteenth testimonials page to our sixteenth testimonials page to our next testimonials page click here to go to our fun quotes page, with quotes such as: "it takes 20 years to build a reputation and five minutes to ruin it. if you think about that, you'll do things differently." - warren buffett looking for other products? enter search terms: or - find plumbing supplies starting with: a b c d e f g h i j k l m n o p q r s t u v w x y z home | about us | contact us | shipping info | disclaimer | return info | how to order copyright© 1995-2011 plumbingsupply.com