来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20121224070130/http://www.plumbingsupply.com/faucetindex.html
================================================================================

kitchen, bar, laundry, bath, tub, shower, commercial faucets, valves, fixtures the leading online plumbing supplier since 1995 contact us | customer reviews | view cart our motto: "under-promise...over-perform" product search: largest inventory - best service - lowest prices find your plumbing supplies starting with: a b c d e f g h i j k l m n o p q r s t u v w x y z customers who have purchased faucets have also been: to our faucets on sale page - to our kitchen remodeling products index to our large selection of kitchen sinks - to our great selection of bathroom sinks - to griffin commercial sink index to water filters and filter systems - to complete instant hot water filter system - to kitchen accessories to braided stainless steel flexible supply lines - to concealed stop valve outlet boxes - simple, straightforward and low shipping rates for faucets. giant selection of faucets you won't find a better selection of faucets or faucet repair parts anywhere else on the internet. don't see what you need listed below? email us with the manufacturer's name, product number and a general description of the product, and we will do our best to provide a quote for the faucet your are looking for. faucets for your home faucets for your kitchen, bathroom, laundry room, and garden whether you're highlighting your granite countertop or installing something purely functional, we've got the faucet for you. faucetsfor your kitchen faucetsfor your bathroom faucetsfor your laundry room faucetsfor your yard most popular faucets these proven designs in beautiful finishes are customer favorites elegant kitchen faucets delta kitchen faucets watersense® labeled faucets flexible kitchen faucets faucets for your business most popular commercial faucets these faucets have a great reputation in the industry and our customers know it! adjustable wall mount faucets speakman metering faucets sloan solar powered faucet more commercial faucets these professional grade faucets are up to the task whether it's in a restaurant, industrial, or other high use setting professional kitchen faucets mop sink faucets showers & components sensor operated faucets laboratory faucets turret faucets hydrants & hose bibbs faucet accessories and repair parts braided stainless flexes faucet parts faucet aerators angle & straight stops faucets by brand a - c american standard arrowhead brass aquadis barclay banner belle foret blanco bradley chicago cifial cobra d - h danze delta faucets elements of design elizabethan classics fisher faucets franke faucets griffin faucets grohe kitchen faucets grohe touch-free hydrotek faucets i - p jaclo jado kohler faucets kohler parts kwc latoscana faucets mountain faucets mixet parts supergrif colonial supergrif tangent peerless (parts only) price pfister (parts only) premier® faucets q - z sign of the crab sigma sloan speakman symmons t & s valley (parts) victorian victorian, kitchen woodford other products you may be interested in kitchen remodeling products commercial products index water and energy saving products top quality filters and systems customer testimonials: "we received the sign of the crab faucet yesterday. it looks great! thanks for the extremely speedy service - just three days from ordering to delivery! and thanks for giving us the tracking info. considering that it shipped from sign of the crab and not your own warehouse, i feel it is an extra bit of customer service for you to send us the tracing info. we look forward to doing business with you again." - john and lori ebiner, san dimas, california 91773-2105 "thank you for the excellent service. if everyone i dealt with were as efficient and customers service oriented as your company, life would be much more simple. thank you for all your help." - l. flowers, denton, texas 76207 "you did everything you said that you would do and more. it's nice to know that there are companies like yours still out there that are reliable, responsive and go beyond the call....i like doing business with a company that the end users satisfaction is the key to their success. thank you for the timeliness of your delivery and you can expect more orders in the future....i look forward to a long working relationship with you. keep up the good work." - william thrasher jr, carrollton, texas, 75007-3428 please note that every customer testimonial shown on our pages has given us written permission to quote them. our customer's privacy is very important to us so we will never give, share or sell contact information or e-mail addresses to anyone! frequently asked questions q. "seems like a faucet is a faucet... aren't most faucets about equal.. shouldn't i just buy the lowest priced ones?" a. it is true that you don't always get your money's worth by paying more. on the other hand, just like cars, there are "cheap" cars and quality cars. we like to recommend that you buy quality faucets from a reputable dealer and that you shop (compare) prices on the same brand models. q. "what should i look for when purchasing a faucet?" a. you should be asking: is it easy to get parts? easy to repair and replace parts? is it a true "washer less" (doesn't mean it won't leak, it will eventually anyway but is usually easier to operate and easier to repair) or not? where is it made? what type of warranty? how long has this model been made? does the manufacturer stand behind their products and how long has that company been in business? is the company that you are buying the faucet from reputable and been in business long enough so that you know you can trust them? q. "what does washer less mean?" a. all faucets could be 'washer less' as they come in both the single- and two-handle type. in most washer less faucets, the control of the water flow is done by a cartridge or arrangement of seals that allow water to flow when the holes or ports are lined up. the design is such that the water flow is basically sheared off. unlike 'washer' types, extra strength of pressure on the handle will not help stop the water flow. there are many different designs of washer less cartridges. some foreign cartridges can be very expensive. ceramic cartridges are becoming very popular. ceramic cartridges have been around for over 20 years. ceramics tend to last longer than other types of cartridges but can cost a lot more when replacing. remember, all faucets will eventually leak. there tends to be less friction and wear and tear with a "washer less" faucet compared to the older washer-type faucet. q. "i have a hole in my kitchen sink for an air gap. i'd like to use it for a faucet. can i just by pass that air gap?" a. you could but we absolutely do not recommend that. air gaps have an important (health safety) function and should be kept on the deck of the sink or kitchen counter. q. "are all finishes durable?" a. many manufacturers claim to have durable finishes, but overall chrome is usually the most durable. q. "can a hose spray model be installed in a 3-hole kitchen sink?" a. sure, many faucet manufacturers offer faucets designed for one or two holes. most common sink configurations have either 3, 4 or 5 mounting holes on the sink top. look under the sink to determine the number of holes in your sink because the holes may be covered by an existing faucet. also, note that once you have purchased a faucet without a sprayer that you generally can't just add a sprayer. you need to decide before you purchase a kitchen faucet whether you want a sprayer or not. q. "why do some faucets cost so much more than others?" a. some faucets are simply made better than others with higher quality material such as solid brass, which generally provides a superior look, performance, and durability. while you may pay more for a quality faucet, you're likely to receive more value for your money as a result of longer, more reliable, trouble-free service. paying more doesn't always mean you'll get a better value, but generally, a more expensive faucet (just like a more expensive automobile, etc) does give better and longer service. we recommend that you do shop around once you know the exact brand and model that you want, as you can avoid paying extra for the exact same faucets if you spend time to shop. q. "can i replace a two handled kitchen faucet with a single handled model?" a. absolutely. standard-size openings and faucet dimensions are used throughout the u.s. plumbing industry. q. "any helpful hints?" a. all faucets will leak and need servicing eventually. a good idea is to once or twice yearly, open and close all shut off valves under all faucets (if any). this will help keep them free of sediment and will allow them to be closed when needed. q. "what type of faucets can i use in the bathroom?" a. the two most commonly used bathroom sink (lavatory) faucets are the 4-inch centerset and the widespread. q. "what is a widespread set?" a. a widespread set includes three separate parts that measure from 8 to 16 inches from center to center. q. "what is a mini-widespread faucet?" a. it has the appearance of a widespread but mounts 4 inch center-to-center instead of 8 or 16 inches. q. "what is a centerset faucet?" a. from the image shown below, you can see that a centerset faucet is a lavatory set that is 4" center to center measured from handle to handle. 1. hot water inlet2. pop-up drain rod3. cold water inlet return to top ↑ we hope that we have helped you on this page with best rated faucets, and thank you for helping to make plumbingsupply.com the most famous internet plumbing supplier. nothing in the world can take the place of persistence. talent will not; nothing is more common than unsuccessful men with talent. genius will not; unrewarded genius is almost a proverb. education will not the world is full of educated derelicts. persistence and determination alone are omnipotent. the slogan, 'press on,' has solved and always will solve the problems of the human race. - calvin coolidge is there something else that you are looking for? enter search terms: or - find plumbing supplies starting with: a b c d e f g h i j k l m n o p q r s t u v w x y z home | about us | contact us | how to order | view cart | shipping info | q and a | feedback/suggestions | disclaimer | return policy copyright© 1995-2012 plumbingsupply.com. all rights reserved.