来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20121224070130/http://www.plumbingsupply.com/faqshipping.html
================================================================================

standard shipping / handling rates and information from famous plumbingsupply.com the leading online plumbing supplier since 1995 contact us | customer reviews | view cart our motto: "under-promise...over-perform" product search: largest inventory - best service - lowest prices find your plumbing supplies starting with: a b c d e f g h i j k l m n o p q r s t u v w x y z to 2nd day shipping - to usps postal rates to rates for apo/fpo, guam, palau, puerto rico, virgin islands, marianna islands (967/969 zip codes) simple, straightforward shipping rates no guesswork - standard shipping/handling is simply based off the amount of your order. it's easy to know the exact shipping amount when you choose standard shipping. standard shipping methods include us mail, ups, or fedex (we will ship via the most appropriate method for the order). more information is available in our shipping overview. no minimums, fast shipping and we provide excellent service on every order, no matter what size. standard shipping/handling rates: order amount shipping/handling amount $0 - $40.00 $   8.95 $40.01 - $80.00 $ 10.95 $80.01 - $120.00 $ 12.95 $120.01 - $200.00 $ 15.95 $200.01 - $300.00 $ 19.95 $300.01 - $500.00 $ 24.95 $500.01 and up $ 29.95 orders shipping to california are subject to sales tax (7.50%) please note: we ship to the united states and its territories only. orders shipping to alaska / hawaii, will be charged actual shipping costs or the rates posted above, whichever is higher. large/heavy items that ship by truck may have an additional shipping fee and do not qualify for 2nd day shipping.additional shipping fees will be clearly noted on the page where the product is listed. note: large/ heavy items (those products that ship by truck on a pallet) shipping to locations outside the continental us will only ship to a freight forwarder located in the continental us. note: credit cards must be issued by a north american bank or institution (us, canada, etc.) unless you pay with your credit card through paypal. sorry, but we do not accept gift cards. how long will my order take? • depending on the product ordered, we generally will ship within one business day of receiving your order. • west of the mississippi river typically takes 1-5 business days to arrive to you • east of the mississippi river typically takes 3-8 business days to arrive to you • alaska, hawaii (normally) shipped by ups/fedex express shipping can take up to 3 business days1 • orders shipping to guam, puerto rico, virgin islands, and other u.s. possessions ship by us mail only • during and before holidays - shipping by standard ups/fedex shipping times can take up to 2 additional days • for quicker delivery, some products may ship direct from the manufacturer or one of their access warehouses 1 remote areas in ak or hi can take 6 business days shipping overview we offer three choices for shipping - standard, second day, and us mail standard shipping: when you select "standard" shipping - which is based off of the subtotal of the order, and is the default shipping method - it will be shipped by one of the methods available to us (us mail, or ups, or fedex) and out of those we will select the method that is most appropriate for what was ordered. if you do not receive shipments from any one of these methods (maybe us mail doesn't deliver to your address), please make sure we are aware of this by putting a note in the customer comments section at the bottom of the order form. 2nd day: when you select "second day", it will be shipped via ups or fedex using their second day options, and in addition to the standard rate (defined above) there will be a charge on top of the standard rates. occasionally, we will need to ship an item direct from an access warehouse which may delay your shipment by a small amount. if time is of the essence, please make sure we are aware of this by putting a note in the customer comments section at the bottom of the order form. us mail: when you select "us mail", your order will be shipped via us mail, and will be charged using the rates shown here. for each of the shipping choices listed above, there is information specific to that method on their respective pages. freight shipment information: for shipments going to an address without a dock or a forklift, the freight carrier requires a lift gate. if a lift gate is required at time of delivery but not selected and paid for, you will be charged a minimum amount of $100.00 or actual charge, whichever is higher. charges for redelivery of freight shipments for any reason will be the responsibility of the receiver and must be paid before redelivery can occur. if the receiver refuses or fails to pay these charges, the order will be returned to the shipper and all costs will be deducted from any credit due. there will also be a $50.00 handling fee added to the freight charges. frequently asked questions q. "why does an inexpensive item cost $8.95 to ship regular ground (standard)?" a. our simple, flat rate shipping/handling charges are based on the order subtotal (in stock and out the door the same day over 98% of the time), making it a low-cost, no-hassle, and fair way to show ahead of time how much it will cost to ship your order. as all orders have other costs involved besides the product itself, we have made our shipping charges as easy to understand as possible, while still monitoring your order from the moment it is received until it is handed to the shipping company (ups, usps, etc.). ensuring your order is quickly filled, double-checked for accuracy, processed, and shipped correctly is of the utmost importance to us, and our many customers appreciate the care and attention that goes into getting an order out the door. it is for these reasons that we must start at a low, flat rate that covers all of our processing and shipping costs. simple analogy: if you were to take a cab ride, would you expect to only pay for the fuel used to get you to your destination? probably not - there would be other variables to take into account, such as use, time, or mileage. the same is true for shipping your order to your door - the shipping amount	includes costs associated with shipping your order, such as filling, processing, and making sure the order is complete and gets to the carrier in a timely manner.	with our method for charging shipping, we include such costs to provide a simple, flat shipping rate so you know exactly how much it will cost based off of your order total. q. "do you always ship via ups/fedex ground (standard) delivery when i chose that as my shipping preference?" a. no. if your product is lightweight and low-priced, we and our access warehouses may ship the product via the united states postal service (usps). in cases where the order is shipped via usps, you will receive a usps delivery confirmation number, in others, you will not; it depends on which warehouse it ships from. there is no additional charge for this expedited, upgraded delivery service. if you chose "standard" as your delivery preference, you will never be charged more than the standard rates. q. "do you ship outside of the united states?" a. unfortunately, we ship only to destinations within the united states of america and us territories, such as apo's, fpo's, guam, palau, puerto rico, virgin islands, marianna islands, etc. q. "the product i'm ordering is very heavy and does not ship by a standard carrier (ups or us mail). how much does it cost to have item(s) shipped by truck/freight?" a. heavy items, such as tubs, large drain cleaners, commercial sinks, and some drinking fountains include an additional shipping charge (in addition to the standard shipping rates). this additional shipping fee is posted clearly on the page the product is listed on and is added to the order total for you to see prior to submitting your order. please note that shipments going to alaska and hawaii will require you to arrange a freight forwarder for delivery. the cost to ship an item freighted to alaska and hawaii is very expensive and our shipping charges are only intended to cover delivery via ups ground service (standard), or 2nd day. q. "i'd like to ship my order at the lowest possible rate. how should i have you ship it?" a. our way of charging for standard shipping is based on your order's subtotal. if you want the lowest rate (and are in the continental u.s.) then simply choose "standard" shipping. for orders less than 2 pounds, we may choose to ship your package us mail, but you won't pay any additional costs. if you select us mail for your shipping method, you will be charged by the rates listed on our us mail rate's page or our standard shipping rates (whichever is higher). q. "i want to order a 300 pound cast iron tub. does the delivery charge include taking the tub up to the second floor?" a. the delivery charge is to get the tub/product to your house; it does not include getting it into your house. your tub/product gets delivered by a ltl trucking company (such as viking, bestway, etc.), and they only deliver to your house. due to insurance and liability reasons this does not include taking it off of the truck and up those stairs (as in the example). also, you may need to order a lift gate to assist with getting your package safely off the truck (recommended for residential delivery). every page that has items that ship by truck, includes an option for ordering a lift gate. there is an additional charge for this service. q. "what should i do when my package first arrives?" a. please open all boxes immediately and check contents for damage. we must be notified of any damage or other problems within 2 days of you receiving your products. in order to serve you better, we request that you also inspect all of your products for obvious defects/blemishes within 2 days of receiving them. q. "my order arrived today and i noticed the package was damaged. what should i do?" a. if the packaging appears to be damaged on the outside, please ask the driver/delivery person to inspect the contents with you immediately to avoid sending undamaged products back and delay the completing of your project. if the delivery person won't inspect the contents of the package, then refuse it and make a note on the proof of delivery (driver refused to inspect).. q. "i prefer to use my own shipper number (i have an account with fed ex), can you have my shipper pick up the product and then you not charge me for shipping?" a. sorry, but we simply do too much business daily to be able to have exceptions to our way of shipping. we certainly can understand that you want to use your own shipper, but in order for us to keep our prices down for everyone, we can only operate shipping one way and that is shipping all of our packages the same way with the same shipper. q. "how long after i place my order will it be before you actually ship my products?" a. if your products are in stock here at our plumbingsupply.com warehouse (in chico, ca) and you place your order by 4:00pm pacific standard/daylight time (7:00pm est/edt monday through friday, excluding holidays), the chances are 98% that we will ship your order the same day that you ordered it. if your product is to ship direct from the manufacturer or one of their access warehouses, then the lead-time to ship will be approximately 2-3 business days unless a longer lead-time to ship has been mentioned either on the page where the product is priced or in the shopping cart description of the product. if we determine your expected ship date will exceed the time-frames we've outlined above, we will let you know the lead time(s) within 24-hours of placing your order (during our normal business hours). please note that delays can and do occur sometimes when shipping products from the manufacturer and their access warehouses. there can be delays related to processing and/or assembly, and if time is crucial, please do contact us via e-mail before ordering so that we can tell you whether or not the product you are ordering is coming from our own warehouse or the manufacturer's. we can then offer you a firmer lead-time to ship. generally, ground ups/fedex delivery can take up to 7 business days (usually a lot faster than that but we prefer to "under-promise and over-perform" and so want to warn you that sometimes ups/fedex, etc have glitches) to deliver depending on your location relative to the warehouse where the product is shipping. please do allow a few more days during december's holiday shipping season (christmas and thanksgiving seasons) before expecting your order. q. "i need the order tomorrow. why don't you offer next day air?" a. we offered next day air during our first two years of being in business. we found that when we offered next day air, along with more orders, we also received more dissatisfaction. some of it was due to the courier failing to deliver on time, some of it was due to customers placing orders after our cut-off time (and still expected to have it next day), and some of it was due to stressful customers who needed the product "yesterday" and ordered from us because we showed the product. we found that the customer satisfaction rate with next day air was not as good as we would like, and we, therefore, decided to no longer offer it. we do offer second day shipping, but please understand that we must receive your order by 4:00pm pacific time (as late as 7:00pm eastern time) and that ups/fedex many times delivers 2nd day shipping in three working days. saturdays and sundays and holidays do not count in the two days as well. if your order is an emergency it is probably better for you (and us) that you order it locally. q. "what are your policies on returns?" a. in most cases we do charge a restock and in some cases we will not take a product back. we list all on our return policy page. we believe that our return policy is fair and reasonable and is very easy to read and understand. q. "if i select 2nd day shipping, and part of my order is not in stock, how will the order be shipped?" a. if part of your order is in stock, and one or more items are out of stock we give you the option to either have the in stock item shipped now, and the remainder will ship once we receive it; or, we can hold the in stock item until the backorder arrives, and ship the order complete. either way, you are not charged any extra for shipping.if "2nd day" shipping is selected and you choose to have the in stock item shipped now, we will ship the in stock portion 2nd day. the remainder of the order will be shipped via a "standard" method once it arrives. likewise, if you've chosen "2nd day" shipping and choose to have the in stock items held, your order will ship "2nd day" once the backordered item is back in stock.we pride ourselves on our inventory levels, and strive to keep at least 98% of our products in stock. if something is not in stock, we apologize for any inconvenience, and we will do our best to bring it in as quickly as possible. q. "i have ordered numerous items and you have all but one item in stock. if you ship everything now, and the backordered item when it comes in, will i have to pay the shipping fees twice?" a. standard shipping charges are a flat rates based on the price of the product (not based on the actual cost of the shipping). we have done this to make life easier for our customers. this makes it easy to know the exact shipping charge each and every time on each and every product. charging based on the product subtotal means that in this case, it won't cost you any extra if we ship one, two or even ten packages to you. q. "why do you charge my credit card even if it takes a week to ship?" a. we must charge your credit card on special orders and back orders immediately because we want to make sure that there are funds available. you need not worry about us never shipping your products and you still having to pay (getting "ripped off" by us) because should your products never arrive you can deduct the amount from your credit card company even months later as they protect you from fraud. that is the case not only if purchasing from us but with all merchants who sell on the net. rest assured, we are totally honest and you need not worry. however, we know this is a concern, so if you do not believe what you've just read, feel free to ask your credit card company. q. "i'd like to give special instructions for the ups/fedex driver, such as to leave it on the porch without a signature. can i do that?" a. unfortunately that is not possible. for our protection against fraud we cannot insist to ups/fedex that they leave your product without your signature. they might do so but we cannot specify specific instructions to ups/fedex. however, please be aware that some shipments may require a signature for delivery based on where it is coming from or how it was shipped. q. "if you ship the correct products (as stated on our catalog) and i simply change my mind and wish to return the products, will you pay for me to ship the products back to you?" a. if we make a mistake we certainly will, but if you simply change your mind, we cannot afford to do so. please read our return policy page for a more detailed explanation if this is a concern to you. q. "can you guarantee that i'll get my shipment on time?" a. in a "perfect" world, a "perfect" (we think we're close) supplier would deliver 100% of its shipments on time, to the correct customer, 100% of the time. the shipments would include the correct content 100% of the time and the customers would be 100% satisfied every time. that's in theory. we have read figures/statistics that in the supply business, with other suppliers, at any given time, as many as 1/3rd of shipments do not get to the customer on time (in other words only about 67% of their customers are "totally" satisfied), with the correct merchandise or to the customer satisfaction. we believe that our satisfaction rate is over 99% but we aren't perfect. just a comment, from our experience, incorrect address information received from our customers is one of our primary reasons for lost or delayed shipments. customer testimonials: read many more testimonials we respect your privacy, these customer comments are strictly with written permission "i order a ton of product online and this was the very first time a company said that they are not charging me extra shipping charges due to it not being necessary (even nordstrom doesn't do that)." - sandy miller, broker/owner help-u-sell westside properties, santa monica, california 9040 "i really want to commend you and your company on having great customer service. i noticed that you had it ready to ship on the day i ordered it, christmas eve no less. i also appreciate the fact that your company called me when you were informed that ups damaged the rod before it was delivered. it is nice to do business with a company that has great customer service these days." - james ryan, lyndonville, new york 14098-9621 "...i was quite surprised at how quickly they came and how reasonable the shipping charges were. usually you pay a fortune for postage from companies such as yours. your service is also remarkable. i will make it a point to buy all of my plumbing supplies from you from now on. keep up the good work.... i can't tell you what a pleasant experience it was to deal with you. you don't get service like yours any more and i just wanted to make sure you knew i appreciated it." - sidney w. jeffrey, lancaster, pennsylvania 17602 "...my order arrived safely...i was surprised that it got here so quickly, a testament to the speed with which you process order. thank you for the excellent service, and you can count on us being customers of yours in the future. you deserve recognition for superior service and dedication to the needs of your customers." - robert miles, barrington, new hampshire 03825-7287 "once again, your services were amazing! my order was at my door in 2 days! i will continue to utilize your services again and again. thanks again for your very prompt service!....you certainly made my week in the prompt services your company provided." - doug murdock, heber city, utah 84032 "thanks for the quick service. last time i ordered i received my purchase the next day, even though i placed the order late in the afternoon and didn't request any special handling." - david matuszak, gilroy, ca 95020 "this is the way internet business should work!....thanks." - greg glasscock, auburn, alabama 36830-7255 "fast shipping! it arrived much faster than i anticipated. thanks." - bob fogle, jacksonville, north carolina 28540 "thanks for the fast shipping...." - bob looney, redmond, oregon 97756 please note that every customer testimonial shown on our pages has given us written permission to quote them. our customer's privacy is very important to us so we will never give, share or sell contact information or e-mail addresses to anyone! return to top ↑ we hope that we have helped you on this page with our standard shipping rates and information, and thank you for helping to make plumbingsupply.com the most famous internet plumbing supplier. fun, inspirational quote of the day: remember that time is money. - benjamin franklin is there something else that you are looking for? enter search terms: or - find plumbing supplies starting with: a b c d e f g h i j k l m n o p q r s t u v w x y z home | about us | contact us | how to order | view cart | shipping info | q and a | feedback/suggestions | disclaimer | return policy copyright© 1995-2013 plumbingsupply.com. all rights reserved.