来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20131016070215/http://www.plumbingsupply.com/testimonials.html
================================================================================

testimonials and reviews from our customers for plumbingsupply.com® the leading online plumbing supplier since 1995 contact us | customer reviews | view cart our motto: "under-promise...over-perform" product search: largest inventory - best service - lowest prices find your plumbing supplies starting with: a b c d e f g h i j k l m n o p q r s t u v w x y z to our front page | to e-mail - contact us | to awards page to our frequently asked questions page | to our shipping faq's page | to return policy questions page some of our many customer testimonials we are very proud of our customer satisfaction rate. - page 7 of our real customer testimonial pages - to page 1 - | 2 | 3 | 4 | 5 | 6 | 7 | 8 | 9 | 10 | 11 | 12 | 13 | 14 | 15 | 16 | 17 | 18 | 19 "it is high time that the ideal of success should be replaced by the ideal of service." - albert einstein your privacy is very important to us and so please note: every customer that is shown here has given us written permission to quote him or her. we will not quote you unless we have your written permission, and with all of our customers, we will never give, share or sell your e-mail address to anyone! "you guys are great and i just want you to know it. i feel it important to recognize customer service that is exemplary. i'm in the television production business and i meet a lot of people. whenever the topic of plumbing comes up i will refer folks to your website." - lloyd thomas swain, swain communications, llc, richland washington 99352 "i just wanted to say that i was pleasantly surprised with the service that i received with your company....i know now where to go for fast and courteous service...we will definitely be using your company in the future as well." - rachel rentschler, v.p. - cincinnati bath restoration, inc. elsmere, kentucky 41018-1961 "i received my order today and would like to thank you. i could not believe it came so fast and just being a small order i was amazed at the way your company handled it in such an orderly and courteous manner. it would be my pleasure to have you use my comments, thank you for the fine service and i look forward to doing business with your company again as i'm sure my friends and family will also. thank you." - dorothy duve, port saint lucie, florida 34952 "again your company shows a positive position in my eyes concerning sales representation and the customer. so often, we only hear about the negative or things that did not go right. what a breath of fresh air to see the positive also conveyed. your staff responded promptly to my inquiry and was able to provide a solution that our local distributor could not. thank you." - robert hayens, mechanicsville, virginia 23116 "i received my order the very next day! i just wanted to say how pleased i am with the speed and quality of your service. the parts were top quality as well and just what i needed. i find myself searching for something else i can repair, just so i can do business with you, again." - randell erps, adin, california 96006-0186 "this job involved one very expensive lakefront property that split and sold as two separate parcels. the escrow was held up because the old pump stations were aged and would not make current standards. consequently i needed two complete duplex pump stations in a hurry and we had no time for any preparation. after mike and i finalized the order, they shipped on a friday from new york and the truck arrive in minden, nv early the following tuesday morning. now that is excellent service!" - paul mason, minden, nevada 89423-9255 "...why would i buy locally when i can get this kind of service on items i don't need to have in hand within hours? i use the internet for ordering numerous items and your service is among the very best i have experienced on communication, speed, and reasonable prices. pass on a well done to everyone there!" - gerry p., prior lake, minnesota 55372 "i appreciate all (of) your efforts to resolve the situation about the wrong handling and delivery of the order. at the same (time), i trust that a mistake does not valuate the right performance of an organization of your caliber. i know that it is not a matter of your proof of performance, but what you learn from any mistake made in the sales process. you handled yourself very professionally and that proves it all!!" - nestor negron, doral, florida 33178-2259 "...this was the second time i ordered supplies from your store and both times ordering was easy and receipt of the product was fast. customer service seems to be lacking in our country these days so it's pleasing to find a company who offers great service. my orders are small, just items to repair my home, yet i'm treated as if i was making large orders, you have made a loyal customer. keep up the good work. thanks again." - john ed mooney, fredericksburg, virginia 22406-6270 "you have a customer for life in me. i enjoy just browsing and reading your site! all sites should be this good!!!" - sgt michael andry, u.s.a.f., retired, newmarket, new hampshire 03857 "it is exactly this kind of attention to detail that made your company stand out for me...once again, thank you for your excellent service. kind regards to you and your staff." - asif anwar, dublin, california 94568-7500 "i e-mailed you twice on two different orders and both times you called me back right away. excellent help from your end. i'm very happy with you guys. i know very little about plumbing but feel comfortable working with you." - richard crisman, castle rock, washington 98611 "you guys are a stand up company....i'll let people know about your company like i always do when i find a good company or product." - j. lefcourt, englewood cliffs, new jersey 07632 "shopping with you has been a delight....thanks again for your kind services and know that i will recommend your services to others. it has been a pleasure." - patricia schofield, neponset, illinois 61345 "thank you for your very prompt attention to my order! your service is fabulous!" - mary pokorny, phoenix, arizona 85085 "thanks for the prompt and accurate delivery....i find it a comfort that i can rely on your internet connection...i have passed on the good news to many plumbers and 'doityourselvers'. thanks again." - melinda michael, grosse pointe shores, michigan 48236-1106 "i know there are lots of other home owners that have problems finding these parts and aren't aware of the in's and out's of substituting parts. walk into a hardware store or even a plumbing supply house and they simply don't have the knowledge that you guys have. believe me, i know, i tried for several weeks until i stumbled onto you guys." - jack titelman, atlanta, georgia 30305-3673 "this was a very good experience, and thank you for your attention. my online order with you is the first ever done online. everything about the purchase was positive, and i've given your company name to a couple of people." - susan, eureka, california 95502 note: every customer that is shown here has given us written permission to quote him or her. we will not quote you unless we have your written permission, and with all of our customers, we will never give, share or sell your e-mail address to anyone! "it was a very welcome change to be cared for as a customer. you have got yourself a new customer. keep up the good work... thank you!" - ric cottrell, hope builders inc., gaithersburg, maryland 20879 "thank you for the very good service....service like yours should be the norm and i do appreciate it when someone shows extra care and human contact, even for small orders such as mine." - ron gross, montebello, california 90640-2364 "thank you for your excellent service on this recent order....personal attention or contact is so rare today in business." - koa drake cook, tulsa, oklahoma 74133 "fantastic delivery. i appreciate your attention to my dilemma. thanks for the quick service." - bill moss, omaha, nebraska 68130 "you folks are awesome! my order from friday pm arrived today - monday." - woody wingfield, corpus christi, texas 78418 "...you people are great.......thank you for your excellent service and great communications." - vladimir gastevich, west lafayette, indiana 47906-2311 "i very much appreciate your company's level of customer service and am pleased to see that you have an efficiently functioning electronic sales system. throughout my day, i encounter many variations of service and order processing on the web and when i find one that actually works, i am most happy to tell them so. we will deal again in the future. you have my business." - peter williams, port huron, michigan 48060-6900 "...you have restored my faith in internet commerce....as a owner/operator of an electronics business i know how difficult it can be to deal with the public. it seems, however, that you have that one covered." - len swida, shavertown, pennsylvania 18708-1307 "what a pleasure to do business with such an efficient company!" - aulborn fraley, hot springs, arkansas 71913 "you have very nice products and the delivery time was really fast. i had ordered the old fashion drain overflow cover for my clawfoot tub and it came within a few days. by the way, it looks terrific on my old fashion tub!" - arlene moran, bradford, massachusetts 01835-7123 "excellent service and excellent use of the internet. i have saved your web page to my favorites. that's the bottom line!" - mike youssi md, new buffalo, michigan 49117-8208 "i would like to congratulate you on your prompt, professional, and courteous staff....dealing with your company has been a good experience and i will keep you in mind for future purchases....you have a great staff!" - maria ford, warrington, pennsylvania 18976-1316 "you are an efficient and customer friendly business. you have confirmed my order, then sent tracking information, and offered your email address and phone number to contact...i will definitely recommend you...you made my day - dealing with plumbingsupply.com®!! thanks." - kathie worner, blacksburg, virginia 24060 "i placed an order on 2/24/10...and it arrived in my mailbox on 2/26/10! i have never received an on-line order so quickly. also, the e-mail that was generated when i submitted my order was easy to read and understand and had large clear letters. i loved the tracking link also. i will definitely order from this company in the future. keep up the great service. this is what makes you stand out from the competition." - debra audette, webster, massachusetts 01570 "from the first call with charles your level of service is the 'best in class.' not only have you responded to our questions quickly and accurately, you have followed through with order changes, and spent the time and energy to help us locate a misplaced (ups) order shipment and brought the story to a positive end. thank you. we operate a brokerage business and deal with a host of vendors. your level of service and support is commendable...and deserves remarks of the highest order. it is unfortunate that others have not followed your lead!" - jack bransom, mt. sterling, illinois 62353 "i'd like to thank all the people involved in the great customer service i received from your company. the emails and phone calls to make this part correct and to get it to me was beyond the call of duty. my replacement was the exact thing i needed. you were correct. thank you." - jo fox, oviedo, florida 32765 "easy to select products. diagram of the parts that i need are fantastic. i'll be back in the future! thanks!!" - brad dotson, raleigh, north carolina 27603 "i enjoy the site and the customer service. i will recommend you all to everyone! i appreciate all your company's hard work in helping me find the right fit. received the lid today and it's a perfect match. guess what... it fits! wow, how team work makes it happen. you are doing a wonderful job! customer service is as great as the website!" - rochelle roberson, woodbridge, virginia 22193-6007 "i was completely satisfied with the service i received and would be happy to encourage others to do business with you...thanks for the solid service." - peter morelewicz, washington dc, 20005 "i recently purchased two elements from you and i am very pleased with them and the quick delivery... i will be recommending you to others in the future." - elijah st. helen, westport, oregon 97016-3226 "thanks so much for the wonderful way you treated me as a customer. i was delighted to find a company that deals with a person in a kind way. you helped me to pick out the correct product and the service to get me that product was awesome...i will use your company again and will tell others about it..thanks for you supreme service." - bill stiebs, new london, wisconsin 54961 "i must commend you for the exceptional communication on the status of our order." - ellen becker, new york, new york 10075 "your site was comprehensive, checkout was smooth and the emailed receipt was timely. great job!" - david byers, tacoma, washington 98409-5436 "thanks so much, not only for the extra speedy service, but the two gentlemen who helped me with the order were tremendous! very cordial." - kevin keene, lexington, south carolina 29073 "very convenient site layout, and excellent prices. you made my aquarium plumbing project a lot easier to handle!" - david sacramo, frederick, maryland 21703 "well after i wasted a lot of time at home depot, lowes, and several local hardware stores with no result, i sent my order to you. guess what -- the part i received from you was perfect. exact fit and color." - daniel ison, harrison, ohio 45030-9747 "you had all the right links (for color, for dimensions, model number and comments/advice). plus, the links were all in the right place, right where i would see them when i had a question. nice job. i searched on an old model number for my eljer toilet, but i was not real sure of the model since several model numbers were listed on my parts sheet. so, i tried as best i could to determine which seat was the right one from the dimensions. the paper-work i had on our old toilet called it the "new emblem", so i was a little concerned not seeing the word "new". but the model numbers and dimension info was key for me. thanks." - jim jones, lamoni, iowa, 50140-1717 "thanks very much for the prompt and efficient service! your staff went above and beyond to ensure my satisfaction. my experience with other online purchases has not always been as pleasant." - richard jannuzzi, bound brook, new jersey 08805 "i received the new toilet seat yesterday and am thrilled. it is an exact match and i appreciate you getting it out to me so quickly! i was extremely pleased with your company's service and will be glad to promote and recommend you to anyone. thank you again for your prompt and courteous service!" - janet branch, aspermont, texas 79502 "who knew how one's life could be affected by toilet flappers? i had already tried two brands from local hardware stores that said they were for my toilet. they looked right but leaked. i'm glad i finally resorted to the internet and found you...i want to thank you for being so great to work with, even though i am such a small customer. a couple of hours after i submitted my order someone called me to ask enough questions to be sure i was ordering the right product. then later, another person called because i was careless in entering the expiration date of my credit card (of course, he didn't say that!) and two days later, my order arrived, the product works, and all is well in my little world." - nancy gerard, bellevue, washington 98006 "i don't order much but when i need outstanding plumbing support and product i order from plumbingsupply.com®! there are a few as good as mike palmer but none better. mike assisted me through the maze in my mind of not knowing what i really wanted, but in the end, the result was perfect. please keep up the outstanding customer support." - earl proetzel, suffolk, virginia 23435 "thanks very much. truly i appreciate the strong job you did for me." - guy whelchel, tariffville, connecticut 06081 "i remember that i had bought from you before and i was incredibly satisfied then and likely will be now. thanks... beats a trip to hd!" - richard belgard, saratoga, california 95070-6472 "you guys definitely underpromise and overperform. although the part i ordered was not the right one (incorrectly ordered), your customer service rocks. thanks for the prompt communication and refund." - jack kauffman, cumming, georgia 30040-6027 "excellent. i have ordered here before. delivery was fast. thanks for the service. you have everything i need. hard to find fittings. why did i bother to go to home depot?" - charles beavers, edmonds, washington 98020 "my order was received via ups yesterday and it is 100% correct. i appreciate the excellent service that was provided by plumbingsupply.com®. thanks for the same day service!" - bart wallace, nashville, tennessee 37209 "i was very pleased that your company acted so quickly on my behalf. it isn't the money (a smell amount in this case), but the fact that you reacted to the request and did something without it being a big deal...all of us have had the experience of trying to email or contact a big company for some help and usually it goes absolutely nowhere, so it was so gratifying to see a real person act so quickly on my behalf." - dennis wist, gibsonia, pennsylvania 15044 "i've never in the past found a positive reason to communicate with any on-line retailer but i felt in this case i just had to take the time to compliment your organization on what i view as an outstanding job. it's obvious to me at least that you all realize that the customer is important even though we can often be a pain in the butt. particularly we do-it-yourselfers that sometimes think we know a lot more than we really do. i am totally impressed by: 1) your quality of your web site. 2) the ease of navigation around the site. 3) the promptness of your communications for both order confirmation and ship notification. 4) the speed of pick, pack, ship, and delivery. i ordered on fri 1pm eastern, it arrived here in virginia mon noon eastern. great job!" - charles caron, penhook, virginia 24137 "your good customer service reminds me of my company's over the years..." - david beach, charlottesville, virginia 22902 note: every customer that is shown here has given us written permission to quote him or her. we will not quote you unless we have your written permission, and with all of our customers, we will never give, share or sell your e-mail address to anyone! "your selections and descriptions of your huge number of products was perfect... having pictures of every single mundane plumbing product was extremely helpful." - thomas hock, audubon, pennsylvania 19403-2008 "...your personal attention is nothing short of excellent..." - gregory fanelli, victoria, texas 77905-3236 "...thank you for exceeding my expectations!" - joseph haynie, salt lake city, utah 84105-1126 "thank you so much for your super service....this was much faster than going to different local stores, only to find out they don't have the product. you can bet should i need more parts you will be hearing from me." - c. fenner, saginaw, michigan 48602-4659 "i am very pleased with my purchase. thank you very much for you excellent service." - elisa de jesus, san juan, puerto rico 00907-3253 "you have gained a loyal customer." - andrew t. merrill, nome, alaska 99762 "i received my parts in record time. i'm so pleased i found you...i'm very impressed with your prompt and professional service. thank you again!" - jeannette knower, albany, oregon 97321-1715 "i am blind and use a screen reader, your site was very easy for me to use. thank you." - john vernaleken, clifton, new jersey 07014-1825 "just wanted to let you know that i am impressed by your prompt service. keep up the good work!" - terry cummins, hamilton, ohio 45011-5476 "excellent site, useful hints and instructions." - ahn le, hillsborough, new jersey 08844-3813 "i googled eljer toilet seats and it came right up. i liked all the detail, description, drawings and measurements... good job!!!" - john mcnamara, saugus, massachusetts 01906-1210 "you folks are great!" - jon nelson, sunnyvale, california 94086-5927 "i love that you have actual pictures of the parts and not just schematics. as they say, 'a picture is worth 1,000 words'. i always like to support companies that put the customer first." - tim strains, park ridge, illinois 60068-5617 to our next testimonials page because we treasure and honor your privacy every customer above has given us written permission to quote him or her. we will not quote your review of us unless we have your written permission and in no case, will we give or sell your e-mail address to anyone. click here to go to our fun quotes page, with quotes such as: "if i take care of my character, my reputation will take care of me." - dwight l. moody return to top ↑ is there something else that you are looking for? enter search terms: or - find plumbing supplies starting with: a b c d e f g h i j k l m n o p q r s t u v w x y z home | about us | contact us | how to order | view cart | shipping info | q and a | feedback/suggestions | disclaimer | return policy copyright© 1995-2014 plumbingsupply.com. all rights reserved.