来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20151211113516/https://www.plumbingsupply.com/return.html
================================================================================

our return - shipping damage - defect policy contact | help | welcome view cart toggle navigation menu help view cart contact kitchen residential kitchen index commercial kitchen index residential kitchen faucets kitchen sinks garbage disposers basket strainers & stoppers other kitchen accessories commercial commercial kitchen faucets commercial kitchen sinks prep tables & work stations racks & carts grease traps & interceptors bathroom residential bathroom index commercial bathroom index mirrors index residential bathroom faucets bathroom sinks showers complete shower systems shower heads hand showers shower drains & drain covers bathtubs & related items bathtubs tub spouts tub filler faucets tub & shower seats grab bars towel warmers escutcheons more bathroom accessories bathroom accessories index hair dryers towel bars teak bath mats adjustable medicine cabinets commercial commercial bathroom faucets commercial bathroom sinks hand dryers paper towel & toilet paper holders urinals stainless steel toilets flush valves & flushometers restroom signs hotel tub & shower products toilet parts toilet parts index toilet seats index how to find toilet model find parts for: american standard toilets briggs toilets case toilets caroma toilets crane toilets eljer toilets gerber toilets kohler toilets mansfield toilets toto toilets universal rundle toilets purchase: cheviot wall-mount toilets old-fashioned high tank toilets macerating toilets repair parts faucet repair parts garbage disposer repair parts shut-off valves water supply flex lines p-traps & drain parts water heater elements plumbing tools pipe repair kits tapes - duct, strapping, rescue pipe & fittings pipe fittings index pipe & tubing index fittings brass brass ips fittings chrome-plated brass ips fittings brass compression fittings brass flare fittings pvc standard pvc fittings pvc compression fittings quick repair pvc fittings cpvc fittings copper copper fittings rigid copper pipe copper tubing sharkbite & push-fit sharkbite fittings quick connect fittings uv resistant push-fit fittings pipe clamps pipe clamps hose clamps pipe hangers j-hooks pipe brackets more ada compliant & independent living aids drains drain cleaning equipment drinking fountains flood prevention products outdoor & garden products pumps - sump, sewage, effluent, & more sinks & related accessories steam & sauna products tankless water heaters water filters search skip to main content the premier online plumbing supplier since 1995 a | b | c | d | e | f | g | h | i | j | k | l | m | n | o | p | q | r | s | t | u | v | w | x | y | z same day shipping for in-stock orders placed by 7pm est m-f return information we are dedicated to assuring that you will get top quality products, along with our excellent customer service. all of our plumbing supplies come with the full manufacturer's warranty. do you need to return or exchange a product? request an rga number here, via our easy-to-use online return request form. general returns: hold onto the original boxes and packaging. we will only accept a return if a return goods authorization number (rga) has been issued, the product is returned in the original manufacturer's packaging, is in perfect resalable condition, and it has been less than 30 days since the order was received. restocking fees will apply on all straight returns (incorrectly ordered, returning instead of replacing per our policy, etc.). some items noted as "non-returnable" may be accepted on a case-by-case basis, and will be subject to a higher restocking fee. wrong products received: it is very rare that you will receive an incorrect product; we double-check all orders before we ship them. however, if we made a mistake/error in shipping (it does rarely happen), please, first, notify us within 2 business days of receiving your order. we will then issue an rga number and return instructions on how and where to return the product. please do not ship anything back without an rga and those instructions. if you ordered wrong: if you made an error and ordered the wrong products, and wish to return the product; please use our online return process to request an rga number and return instructions. returns must have an rga in order to be processed correctly, so please wait for us to send you that information. please see detailed return information here. some items noted as "non-returnable" may be accepted on a case-by-case basis, and will be subject to a higher restocking fee. damaged shipment: for standard carrier shipments (i.e.; us postal service, ups, fedex, etc.), we must have been notified (by phone or email) of any damage (or other problems) and have been provided with any and all additional information within 2 business days of you receiving your products. once you have determined that the products shipped to you were received damaged, you need to notify us and the carrier (i.e.; us postal service, ups, fedex, etc.) within 2 business days. at time of delivery, if the packaging appears damaged on the outside, please refuse to accept it from the carrier, and let us know immediately; or please make sure when signing the shipper's proof-of-delivery slip (on deliveries requiring a signature), you include a note stating the package is or appears to be damaged. in the event of freight damage (shipments delivered by freight truck; i.e.: fedex freight, yellow freight, conway, old dominion, roadway, etc.), please review the freight damage information found here. defective products: within thirty (30) days of receiving your order, if any product proves to be defective, please contact us immediately. please do not return the product back without contacting us first and receiving an rga number and the necessary return instructions. after receiving the defective merchandise, we will test it if need be, and we will ship back to you (at our expense) a non-defective replacement product.if you have a defective item and would like to return it without getting a replacement, please use our online form and include your order number and description of the defect. non returnable items: there are some products that are not returnable so please be aware of this when placing your order. items that are heavy or large (items that ship by freight) may not be returned. (items such as tubs may not be returned. if they are defective, you will either receive a replacement or it will be repaired; but we do not accept returns on items that ship by freight.) items that were received by the customer over 30 days. items that were not shipped by a standard carrier (for example of a standard carrier, we mean companies such as ups, fedex, or usps) may not be returned. also, items that are "special ordered/quoted" cannot be canceled or returned. (non-listed and quoted items - items that do not have prices listed on our web pages and/or items that you received a special quote on - are considered special order items and may not be returned.) items stated as non-returnable on the page from which they are ordered items noted as "limited to stock" items that have been installed items that are electrical in nature, such as tankless water heaters, elements (standard and tankless water heater types), etc. items that have sanitary issues such as toilet and bidet seats unless they have not been removed from the packaging. "match-your-color" toilet seat replacement kits items that are not brand new and/or missing any of the manufacturer's packaging. items that have been specially manufactured for your order, such as the 3-phase eemax water heaters. items that have been cut-to-order such as, spa flex and copper tubing. items that have a shelf-life, such as, reverse osmosis membranes exception: items that were included in a quote but are actually found on our site; these items would be subject to our standard return policy. questions? if you have any other return questions, please contact us before placing your order. rga request: if you have read and understand our return policy, and would like to request an rga number, please click here. frequently asked questions q. "why do i only have two days to notify you of any problems with my order?" a. this is necessary in order to determine the next course of action in regards to how the damaged/defective/incorrect item(s) will be taken care of. in many cases, time is of the essence, and the quicker we are aware of the issue, the better the results. in order to serve you better, we request that you inspect all of your products for obvious defects/blemishes within 2 days of receiving them. q. "what is an rga, and why do i need one?" a. when it is necessary to return a product, an rga is necessary as it is our way of keeping track of returned items so they can be processed properly. if you want to return products to us, please use our online rga request form prior to doing so. all returns, regardless of how they were shipped or where they were shipped from, must be referenced by an rga number (returned goods authorization number). do not refuse your shipment, as you will be responsible for any additional shipping charges incurred for the refusal (as well as a higher restocking fee). items returned without an rga number may be set aside until we hear from the customer or even refused delivery entirely. we process thousands of orders weekly, and subsequently receive a sizable number of returns. if not referenced by an rga number, a returned package will need to be researched so that the customer can be contacted regarding the return. this results in higher overhead, higher prices, and often delays the processing of credit. this system is necessary to ensure that you receive proper credit in a timely fashion. when you contact us via our online return request form requesting an rga to return a product, we will either issue the rga at that time, or contact the warehouse that it shipped from and request that one be issued. if we need to receive the rga from another warehouse, we will let you know by forwarding the information to you along with shipping instructions as soon as we receive it from them. the instructions for return must be followed carefully, as some items may need to be shipped to separate warehouses. once the product has been received at our warehouse, it will be inspected and you will be credited for the returned product less the applicable restocking fee and original shipping charges. also, on incorrectly ordered items, the customer is responsible for return shipping costs to the warehouse(s) of origin. if the product is returning to another warehouse, they will contact us once they have received the product, inspected it, and we have been issued credit. once we have been credited for the return, your credit will be issued less the restocking fee and original shipping charges. q. "what is a restock fee?" a. all returns are subject to a restocking fee. we have a standard restocking fee of 15% on returns within 30 days. if you wish to return a product but do not place a reorder, the normal restocking fee will be 15% (for items returned within 30 days) but can change if any of the following information applies. if a reorder is placed for a similar product (costing nearly the same amount), the restocking fee can be lowered from 15% to 10%. our standard restocking fee on orders received over 30 days can be as low as 25%; however, it may be higher if an extensive amount of time has passed since delivery or if our return instructions have not been adequately followed. for a product to be considered a "reorder", it must be for a product that directly replaces the item that's being returned, in both price and type. for example: if a $200.00 sink is returned, the reorder must be for a sink of comparable value. please note that if for some reason the reorder must be returned, the restocking fee for the return of the reorder will be at least 25%. also, items returned after 30 days are subject to a higher restocking fee or may not be returnable at all. we will let you know our decision when we respond to your request. your reorder must be placed prior to your credit being processed. if you wish to reorder right away, reference will be made to your return on your reorder to ensure that you receive the lower restocking fee. if you need to apply your credit to your reorder, you can do so, but we will need to receive the product and/or credit for the product before doing so. q. "if i ordered wrong, do you pick up the incorrect product(s) if i reorder?" a. unfortunately, no. if we shipped an incorrect item, or the item is defective, then we do take care of the shipping both ways (see our faq on incorrect/defective items); however, as we cannot be held responsible for shipping the correct item that happens to have been incorrectly ordered, you will be responsible for return shipping to the warehouse(s) of origin (if from more than one warehouse, there may be multiple return locations and you are responsible for the return shipping to those warehouses). if you refuse a shipment, the cost of the shipping back to us will also be deducted from any applicable credit. q. "why can't i just ship the product back to you if i have received the wrong/incorrectly ordered item?" a. please do not return any product that you have ordered without prior contact and acknowledgment. many products ship direct from the manufacturer or one of their access warehouses and often need to be returned to the same warehouse. these warehouses will refuse deliveries that are not properly marked and documented with issued rga numbers. this will make processing your credit very difficult and may delay your credit. q. "what happens to my package if i accidentally provided the wrong address for shipping?" a. once an order has been shipped, it will be delivered to the address provided by the customer. should that address be incorrect or incomplete, the shipping carriers charge a fee for an address change request, or to return it to our warehouse (or to the warehouse it shipped from if direct from the manufacturer). unfortunately, as this is a cost they will not waive, we must ask our customer to accept responsibility for providing the incorrect or incomplete address, and will ask for payment of the additional charge to redirect or re-ship the order. typically, the two options are to either: 1) pay for the posted shipping cost for the reshipment; or, 2) credit (less the restocking fee and shipping) will be issued. should you need the order re-shipped, any charges incurred from the shipper in returning it to us (or the manufacturers warehouse) will also be charged. q. "what happens if i accept a damaged shipment? will you take care of it?" a. if you do accept a damaged shipment, please inform us and the carrier (ups, fedex, etc.,) immediately within those 2 days. depending on the product and where/how it was shipped, it may be necessary for you to deal with the carrier. most trucking companies will only deal with the receiver in cases of damaged goods. also, if there was any internal (non-visible) damage, this will need to be reported to us and the carrier within two days of receiving the product. once you have informed us (and the carrier) with this information we will send you complete instructions on how we will be taking care of the damaged goods. we wish to take care of you and get your damaged product replaced as soon as possible. please do let us know if you have not received the instructions within 1-2 business days. please do not ship the product back to us without contacting us first and receiving an rga number and all the important instructions. q. "how do you take care of defective items?" a. should we determine that the product is in fact defective (and was returned in accordance to our return instructions and policy), we will not only pay the cost of shipping the new non-defective product to you, but we will also reimburse you for standard delivery rates (not 2nd day shipping) that they charge for shipping the defective product back to us. this does not include any 3rd party processing fees imposed by some shipping companies. this offer is only good in the continental u.s. if you ship the product back to us from outside of the lower 48 states, you will need to pay for the cost of sending the product to us. if the product is defective, you will receive a replacement. if you choose to return the defective item, rather than replace it, we will charge a restocking fee and your original shipping fee will not be refunded. also, items returned after 30 days are subject to a higher restocking fee or may not be returnable at all (we will let you know if this applies to your return). the return of the product is at your expense. we believe that this is a fair policy because lower overhead results in lower prices for all of our customers. in some cases, we may ask you to contact the manufacturer to troubleshoot the issue, and if they determine that it is indeed defective, we will address it as outlined. if after 30 days of receiving your product, it proves to be defective, we would like for you to deal with the manufacturer. whatever policy the manufacturer has will determine how you will proceed, and may include shipping costs. we will not pay shipping costs on items that are being handled directly by the manufacturer. we supply products; we do not warranty products and after thirty days we leave it up to the manufacturers. there may be instances when the manufacturer, once they have been contacted, will ask that we help in the replacement process. if this is the case, we will assist you and the manufacturer with the return process. however, 30 days after receiving your product, it will be necessary for you to contact the manufacturer first. q. "how do i return items i don't want or need?" a. listed products (items that have listed prices on our web pages) may be returned within 30 days of receiving them; the products must be brand new (never used) and in perfect condition with all manufacturers' packaging. in order to keep our prices at their lowest, we charge a standard restocking fee (which can be lowered with a comparable reorder) and your original shipping charge will not be refunded. items returned after 30 days or without an rga #, should it be decided that they will be accepted, are subject to a higher restocking fee. returns without an rga can also possibly delay processing of your credit. we do not accept returns for used or assembled products. we do not sell used products (except for toilet tank lids) and you will not receive any used or refurbished merchandise from us.please contact us if you wish to return any products. items must be brand new (never used), in perfect condition, with all manufacturers' packaging. we will issue you an rga number and return instructions on how and where to ship the products. please keep in mind, items returned after 30 days are subject to a higher restocking fee or may not be returnable at all. return to top ↑ quote of the day the virtue of justice consists in moderation, as regulated by wisdom. - aristotle is there something else you are looking for? search plumbing products: search or - find plumbing supplies starting with: a b c d e f g h i j k l m n o p q r s t u v w x y z as the premier online plumbing supplier based in california, we must follow all california laws and regulations. although many items are considered acceptable for lead content by the 2014 federal safe drinking water act, the california prop 65 is a separate regulation from the 2014 federal safe drinking water act and per the california prop 65 requirements we must show the following: warning: this product contains lead, a chemical known to the state of california to cause cancer, birth defects or other reproductive harm. wash hands after handling. the above warning appears in the cart description for any and all products for which it may apply. for more information, click here.also, find out how prop 65 affects businesses and consumers here. ×close ca prop 65 information warning! some products may contain detectable amounts of lead, a chemical known to the state of california to cause cancer, birth defects or other reproductive harm. the state of california requires clear and reasonable warnings on products containing chemicals that may lead to cancer, birth defects, or other reproductive harm. even if these products contain only trace levels of harmful chemicals, a warning is required by the state of california. items with lead are not for use in potable water systems and are only for industrial non-drinking water applications why is lead in drinking water a bad thing? for centuries, people have known that lead is bad for you, and that lead poisoning can be fatal. however, it hasn't been until the advent of recent technologies that we've understood exactly how and why lead is bad for the human body. due to its corrosion-resistance and ease of working with it, lead was used in ancient times for water pipes, cooking pots, eating dishes and utensils, and more. even with the transition from lead pipes to those made of cast iron, copper, and galvanized steel, many times the brass fittings or solder used to join pipes contained significant amounts of lead. if you've ever taken a chemisty class, you're probably familiar with the concept that water is a solvent. this means that it will absorb things like minerals, metals, and chemicals that it comes into contact with over a period of time. water sitting in your pipes will gradually leach lead from the joints or fittings. in addition, as the plumbing system in a building ages, the pipes, fittings, and joints will corrode - again leaching lead into the water supply. when you drink that water, you're ingesting lead. the human body is amazing at destroying or getting rid of many harmful substances, from certain minerals and indigestable fibers to bacteria and viruses. however, these biological mechanisms only work if the body recognizes the invader. guess what lead is really good at? mimicking helpful substances that your body needs, like calcium, zinc, and iron. thus, lead poisoning isn't so much a case of having too much lead, but of having that lead bind to and interact with the enzymes your body utilizes for proper functioning - blocking those good minerals and metals from attaching to the enzyme and doing what they're supposed to to keep your body healthy. thus, no safe level of lead in the body has been identified. even small amounts of lead can disrupt your immune system, interfere with metabolism and vitamin/mineral absorption, inhibit neurological function, and even damage your dna. babies and children are the most at risk for lead poisoning primarily because their growing bodies are so much faster at absorbing and processing any lead they are exposed to. when the lead takes the place of the good nutrients a child's body needs to continue growing, bad things happen. even low levels of lead in the blood of children can result in behavior and learning problems, abdominal pain and vomiting, slowed growth and brain development, nervous system damage, hearing problems, anemia, and in rare cases can cause seizures, coma, and even death. brain/nerve damage or delayed development in children related to lead poisoning is irreversible. what is the safe drinking water act? as of august 6, 1998, the federal safe drinking water act (the act) prohibits any person from introducing into commerce, products that are not "lead free" as defined by the act. the u.s. environmental protection agency has determined that for a product to be considered "lead free" under the act, it must satisfy the performance standard for lead leaching under nsf standard 61, section 9 (nsf 61/9). items covered by nsf 61/9 include lavatory faucets, (excluding metering, self-closing, and electronic faucets), bar and kitchen faucets, valves, supply lines, fittings, and many other products that come into contact with drinking water supplies. the act applies to residential, commercial and institutional installations, as well as new and retrofit applications. california proposition 65, "the safe drinking water and toxic enforcement act of 1986" is the most stringent law (that we know of) of its kind at either the state or federal level. the federal standard for lead in drinking water is 11 ppb (parts per billion) while prop 65 (calif) mandates a level of .05ppb. the center for environmental health recommends that consumers run water for 10 seconds before filling a glass to remove water with the highest lead levels (from pre "act" faucets). additionally, with the passage of california assembly bill 1953, maryland house bill 372, and vermont assembly bill vt s.152, "lead free" is defined as to mean not more than a weighted average of 0.25% lead content in pipe and fittings. what this means for you is the lead content in faucet spouts and fittings will not be legally allowed to have more than one-fourth of one percent of lead, so water traveling through compliant faucets will be essentially "lead free". ca ab 1953 defines lead as less than 0.25%. this bill changes the meaning of term "lead	free" in the health and safety code from eight percent lead for pipes or pipe fittings, and four percent lead for plumbing fittings and fixtures to a weighted average of not more than 0.25 percent lead content within each component that comes	into contact with the wetted surfaces of pipes and pipe fittings, plumbing fittings and fixtures effective july 1, 2010. however, it is important to note that while products meeting the requirements of the law are defined as being "lead free", they may still contain trace amounts of lead. the new lead free act went into effect nationally in 2014. home about us contact us how to order feedback/suggestions disclaimer return policy copyright© 1995-2015 plumbingsupply.com.all rights reserved. copyright© 1995-2015 plumbingsupply.com. all rights reserved.