来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20151211113516/https://www.plumbingsupply.com/order.html
================================================================================

ordering info - we provide many ways for you to place an order contact | help | welcome view cart toggle navigation menu help view cart contact kitchen residential kitchen index commercial kitchen index residential kitchen faucets kitchen sinks garbage disposers basket strainers & stoppers other kitchen accessories commercial commercial kitchen faucets commercial kitchen sinks prep tables & work stations racks & carts grease traps & interceptors bathroom residential bathroom index commercial bathroom index mirrors index residential bathroom faucets bathroom sinks showers complete shower systems shower heads hand showers shower drains & drain covers bathtubs & related items bathtubs tub spouts tub filler faucets tub & shower seats grab bars towel warmers escutcheons more bathroom accessories bathroom accessories index hair dryers towel bars teak bath mats adjustable medicine cabinets commercial commercial bathroom faucets commercial bathroom sinks hand dryers paper towel & toilet paper holders urinals stainless steel toilets flush valves & flushometers restroom signs hotel tub & shower products toilet parts toilet parts index toilet seats index how to find toilet model find parts for: american standard toilets briggs toilets case toilets caroma toilets crane toilets eljer toilets gerber toilets kohler toilets mansfield toilets toto toilets universal rundle toilets purchase: cheviot wall-mount toilets old-fashioned high tank toilets macerating toilets repair parts faucet repair parts garbage disposer repair parts shut-off valves water supply flex lines p-traps & drain parts water heater elements plumbing tools pipe repair kits tapes - duct, strapping, rescue pipe & fittings pipe fittings index pipe & tubing index fittings brass brass ips fittings chrome-plated brass ips fittings brass compression fittings brass flare fittings pvc standard pvc fittings pvc compression fittings quick repair pvc fittings cpvc fittings copper copper fittings rigid copper pipe copper tubing sharkbite & push-fit sharkbite fittings quick connect fittings uv resistant push-fit fittings pipe clamps pipe clamps hose clamps pipe hangers j-hooks pipe brackets more ada compliant & independent living aids drains drain cleaning equipment drinking fountains flood prevention products outdoor & garden products pumps - sump, sewage, effluent, & more sinks & related accessories steam & sauna products tankless water heaters water filters search skip to main content the premier online plumbing supplier since 1995 a | b | c | d | e | f | g | h | i | j | k | l | m | n | o | p | q | r | s | t | u | v | w | x | y | z same day shipping for in-stock orders placed by 7pm est m-f to introduction (welcome) page - to customer testimonials - to gift idea page - to credit card safety questions adding something to your shopping cart is as simple as... entering the quantity desired in the text box next to the item you would like to order clicking on the 'add to cart' button anywhere on the same page and that's it! order by our easy to use shopping cart or by e-mail: email us with the description, prices, credit card info, where to ship, etc. or by mail: our mailing address is: plumbingsupply.com®, 994 east 20th st., chico ca 95928 you can mail us the description, prices, credit card info, etc. or by phone: you can call in your credit card number if you are concerned about internet security to our credit card voice mail at 530-891-1556 (and then send us your order by email, fax, or by mail). we would like to encourage you to use our secure shopping cart as we guarantee your credit card transaction. or by fax: you can fax us at 530-891-0654 or 530-891-8521 (only for orders) or toll-free at 866-744-0521. you can fax us product descriptions, prices, credit card info, etc. many ways to pay us: paypal or visa or mastercard or discover card or echeck (via paypal) or american express (via paypal) note: credit cards must be issued by a north american bank or institution (us, canada, etc.) unless you pay with your credit card through paypal. sorry, but we do not accept gift cards or wire transfers. note: paypal requires a signature for delivery on all orders of $750 or more. note: we ship to the united states and its territories only. sorry, but we do not ship to canada at this time. read more information about our shipping policy here. we also accept checks and money orders. your order will be held if paying by check or money order, unless us postal money order. check and money order policy if the amount of the check is: your order will be held for: $0 - $499.99 2 weeks $500 - $2,499.99 3 weeks $2,500 - $9,999.99 4 weeks $10,000 - $19,999.99 5 weeks $20,000 - $39,999.99 6 weeks $40,000 and over 8 weeks the main reason that we have this crazy long check holding/waiting period is to protect ourselves. some scam/fraud artists send checks that appear to be legitimate and ultimately end up being worthless. we have read of a number of cases where many weeks have passed before the recipient (too late) found out that the check was worthless. so, should you pay us by check, and we cash/deposit that check, and should you then wish to cancel the order before we have shipped that order, we will not mail a refund back to you until the above mentioned times have passed. (please be aware, too, that we also charge a "bounced check" fee for all checks returned to us due to insufficient funds.) yes, it's a sad state of affairs that these days we all can't trust each other totally. sad to say but sending phony checks is a very common occurrence by some thieves. therefore, we are very diligent in attempting to protect ourselves from check fraud, which ultimately means lower prices for all of our customers. we do accept regular mailed checks as a courtesy to our customers, but please note that if you would like for us to ship your product quickly, then please pay us with a credit card (because both you and we are better protected when you use a credit card). even netflix doesn't accept "pay by check" as a payment method and that is mainly because of the hackers that have ripped them off with checks. here is what netflix says on their website about checks: "payment methods like traditional check-in-the-mail payments, money orders or purchase orders take longer to process, so we are unable to accept them at this time." - as of november 2010 fact: in 2007 the u.s. postal inspection service started an international crackdown on fake checks. more than 540,000 fake checks with a face value of $2.1 billion have been seized as of dec 2007. to keep our prices lowest we do not accept cod orders, purchase orders, foreign checks/money orders, or wire transfers. note: when using a credit card you are totally protected! sales tax?: orders shipping to california are subject to a 7.50% sales tax. resale certificate?: if you're a reseller, you'll need to print and fax us this form. standard shipping | 2nd day shipping | us mail shipping orders are normally shipped via standard ups ground, fedex, or us mail (tubs and very heavy items will ship by other means). when you select "standard shipping" - which is based off of the subtotal of the order, and is the default shipping method - it will be shipped by one of the methods available to us (us mail, or ups, or fedex) and out of those we will select the method that is most appropriate for what was ordered. if you do not receive shipments from any one of these methods (maybe us mail doesn't deliver to your address), please make sure we are aware of this by putting a note in the customer comments section located on the "final review" page of our shopping cart. we only ship to u.s. destinations, us territories and military apo's. it generally takes up to 7 business days by standard carrier (fedex or ups) for normal shipping. note: please allow extra shipping time during the holiday season. we normally ship within 24 hours (mon-fri) unless noted otherwise. security risk ordering on-line from us? we take security very seriously. plumbingsupply.com® complies with the strongest identity authentication standard available today by utilizing an extended validation ssl certificate. a unique and highly visible green address bar will display in the latest high-security browsers in the secure portion of our shopping cart (where you input your personal information). this bar immediately helps assure you that plumbingsupply.com® is an authenticated web site. additionally, a green security bar highlights our name and also includes a notation next to the address bar that our organization is certified by comodo. the green address bar and security bar helps you know that plumbingsupply.com® is a legitimate web site and that your transaction will be secure. to show our faith, we guarantee it -- there is no risk to you, period! if anything happens, we'll make sure that you owe nothing for internet credit card fraud due to ordering on-line from us. you can order with confidence from us, as we have been doing so with no loss to any of our customers since 1995. return to top ↑ quote of the day defeat isn't bitter if you don't swallow it. - anonymous is there something else you are looking for? search plumbing products: search or - find plumbing supplies starting with: a b c d e f g h i j k l m n o p q r s t u v w x y z as the premier online plumbing supplier based in california, we must follow all california laws and regulations. although many items are considered acceptable for lead content by the 2014 federal safe drinking water act, the california prop 65 is a separate regulation from the 2014 federal safe drinking water act and per the california prop 65 requirements we must show the following: warning: this product contains lead, a chemical known to the state of california to cause cancer, birth defects or other reproductive harm. wash hands after handling. the above warning appears in the cart description for any and all products for which it may apply. for more information, click here.also, find out how prop 65 affects businesses and consumers here. ×close ca prop 65 information warning! some products may contain detectable amounts of lead, a chemical known to the state of california to cause cancer, birth defects or other reproductive harm. the state of california requires clear and reasonable warnings on products containing chemicals that may lead to cancer, birth defects, or other reproductive harm. even if these products contain only trace levels of harmful chemicals, a warning is required by the state of california. items with lead are not for use in potable water systems and are only for industrial non-drinking water applications why is lead in drinking water a bad thing? for centuries, people have known that lead is bad for you, and that lead poisoning can be fatal. however, it hasn't been until the advent of recent technologies that we've understood exactly how and why lead is bad for the human body. due to its corrosion-resistance and ease of working with it, lead was used in ancient times for water pipes, cooking pots, eating dishes and utensils, and more. even with the transition from lead pipes to those made of cast iron, copper, and galvanized steel, many times the brass fittings or solder used to join pipes contained significant amounts of lead. if you've ever taken a chemisty class, you're probably familiar with the concept that water is a solvent. this means that it will absorb things like minerals, metals, and chemicals that it comes into contact with over a period of time. water sitting in your pipes will gradually leach lead from the joints or fittings. in addition, as the plumbing system in a building ages, the pipes, fittings, and joints will corrode - again leaching lead into the water supply. when you drink that water, you're ingesting lead. the human body is amazing at destroying or getting rid of many harmful substances, from certain minerals and indigestable fibers to bacteria and viruses. however, these biological mechanisms only work if the body recognizes the invader. guess what lead is really good at? mimicking helpful substances that your body needs, like calcium, zinc, and iron. thus, lead poisoning isn't so much a case of having too much lead, but of having that lead bind to and interact with the enzymes your body utilizes for proper functioning - blocking those good minerals and metals from attaching to the enzyme and doing what they're supposed to to keep your body healthy. thus, no safe level of lead in the body has been identified. even small amounts of lead can disrupt your immune system, interfere with metabolism and vitamin/mineral absorption, inhibit neurological function, and even damage your dna. babies and children are the most at risk for lead poisoning primarily because their growing bodies are so much faster at absorbing and processing any lead they are exposed to. when the lead takes the place of the good nutrients a child's body needs to continue growing, bad things happen. even low levels of lead in the blood of children can result in behavior and learning problems, abdominal pain and vomiting, slowed growth and brain development, nervous system damage, hearing problems, anemia, and in rare cases can cause seizures, coma, and even death. brain/nerve damage or delayed development in children related to lead poisoning is irreversible. what is the safe drinking water act? as of august 6, 1998, the federal safe drinking water act (the act) prohibits any person from introducing into commerce, products that are not "lead free" as defined by the act. the u.s. environmental protection agency has determined that for a product to be considered "lead free" under the act, it must satisfy the performance standard for lead leaching under nsf standard 61, section 9 (nsf 61/9). items covered by nsf 61/9 include lavatory faucets, (excluding metering, self-closing, and electronic faucets), bar and kitchen faucets, valves, supply lines, fittings, and many other products that come into contact with drinking water supplies. the act applies to residential, commercial and institutional installations, as well as new and retrofit applications. california proposition 65, "the safe drinking water and toxic enforcement act of 1986" is the most stringent law (that we know of) of its kind at either the state or federal level. the federal standard for lead in drinking water is 11 ppb (parts per billion) while prop 65 (calif) mandates a level of .05ppb. the center for environmental health recommends that consumers run water for 10 seconds before filling a glass to remove water with the highest lead levels (from pre "act" faucets). additionally, with the passage of california assembly bill 1953, maryland house bill 372, and vermont assembly bill vt s.152, "lead free" is defined as to mean not more than a weighted average of 0.25% lead content in pipe and fittings. what this means for you is the lead content in faucet spouts and fittings will not be legally allowed to have more than one-fourth of one percent of lead, so water traveling through compliant faucets will be essentially "lead free". ca ab 1953 defines lead as less than 0.25%. this bill changes the meaning of term "lead	free" in the health and safety code from eight percent lead for pipes or pipe fittings, and four percent lead for plumbing fittings and fixtures to a weighted average of not more than 0.25 percent lead content within each component that comes	into contact with the wetted surfaces of pipes and pipe fittings, plumbing fittings and fixtures effective july 1, 2010. however, it is important to note that while products meeting the requirements of the law are defined as being "lead free", they may still contain trace amounts of lead. the new lead free act went into effect nationally in 2014. home about us contact us how to order feedback/suggestions disclaimer return policy copyright© 1995-2015 plumbingsupply.com.all rights reserved. copyright© 1995-2015 plumbingsupply.com. all rights reserved.