来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20151211113516/https://www.plumbingsupply.com/bathroom-remodeling-products.html
================================================================================

bathroom remodeling products contact | help | welcome view cart toggle navigation menu help view cart contact kitchen residential kitchen index commercial kitchen index residential kitchen faucets kitchen sinks garbage disposers basket strainers & stoppers other kitchen accessories commercial commercial kitchen faucets commercial kitchen sinks prep tables & work stations racks & carts grease traps & interceptors bathroom residential bathroom index commercial bathroom index mirrors index residential bathroom faucets bathroom sinks showers complete shower systems shower heads hand showers shower drains & drain covers bathtubs & related items bathtubs tub spouts tub filler faucets tub & shower seats grab bars towel warmers escutcheons more bathroom accessories bathroom accessories index hair dryers towel bars teak bath mats adjustable medicine cabinets commercial commercial bathroom faucets commercial bathroom sinks hand dryers paper towel & toilet paper holders urinals stainless steel toilets flush valves & flushometers restroom signs hotel tub & shower products toilet parts toilet parts index toilet seats index how to find toilet model find parts for: american standard toilets briggs toilets case toilets caroma toilets crane toilets eljer toilets gerber toilets kohler toilets mansfield toilets toto toilets universal rundle toilets purchase: cheviot wall-mount toilets old-fashioned high tank toilets macerating toilets repair parts faucet repair parts garbage disposer repair parts shut-off valves water supply flex lines p-traps & drain parts water heater elements plumbing tools pipe repair kits tapes - duct, strapping, rescue pipe & fittings pipe fittings index pipe & tubing index fittings brass brass ips fittings chrome-plated brass ips fittings brass compression fittings brass flare fittings pvc standard pvc fittings pvc compression fittings quick repair pvc fittings cpvc fittings copper copper fittings rigid copper pipe copper tubing sharkbite & push-fit sharkbite fittings quick connect fittings uv resistant push-fit fittings pipe clamps pipe clamps hose clamps pipe hangers j-hooks pipe brackets more ada compliant & independent living aids drains drain cleaning equipment drinking fountains flood prevention products outdoor & garden products pumps - sump, sewage, effluent, & more sinks & related accessories steam & sauna products tankless water heaters water filters search skip to main content the premier online plumbing supplier since 1995 a | b | c | d | e | f | g | h | i | j | k | l | m | n | o | p | q | r | s | t | u | v | w | x | y | z same day shipping for in-stock orders placed by 7pm est m-f you may also be interested in these related items: to products for remodeling kitchens - to plumbing projects - how to's to bathroom accessories - to bathroom faucets - to bathroom sinks - to steambath products to towel warmers - to acrylic clawfoot tubs - to toilet repair parts bathroom remodeling products index want to remodel your bathroom but don't want to search every where for all the products you will need to do the project? look no further, we have all of the remodeling products that you need right here in one place! click on the images below for more information lavatory faucets we offer one of the largest selections of lavatory faucets on the net. no matter what style or finish you need we have a faucet to match.learn more lavatory sinks if you are looking for a chic bathroom sink, we offer an attractive selection of wall mount and drop-in models as well as hand-painted, crystal art glass and vessel.learn more thermostatic shower valves these luxury thermostatic shower valves allow you to adjust the temperature and water volume to your desired comfort level.learn more pressure balancing shower valves these pressure balancing shower valves will add elegance and class to your bathroom design. we offer a variety of styles and finishes to meet your needs.learn more shower diverter valves with these designer shower diverters you can divert water to your shower head, handshower or body sprays for an exhilarating shower.learn more volume controls from modern to contemporary, chrome to oil rubbed bronze, these volume controls are the perfect accent for any shower.learn more shower valve cover plates these smitty shower valve remodeler plates are just the answer to cover the unsightly hole left by the installation of your shower valve.learn more designer shower escutcheons we offer an excellent selection of escutcheons in almost every designer finish on the market.learn more tub/drain trim kits tired of that old, dull drain grid or overflow plate? find the perfect finish to spice up your décor with these functional and gleaming components.learn more tub/shower trim kits quickly and easily revamp the look of your shower with these brushed nickel trim kits and accessories while saving money too!learn more shower systems we offer an extensive selection of shower systems and components that are sure to please.learn more shower heads you won't find a better selection of shower heads anywhere on the internet.learn more shower filters many health-conscious families shower virtually chlorine-free with these carbonless media filters.learn more body sprays whether your shower is for relaxation or rejuvenation, these must-have body sprays look good, feel good, and make your shower experience like no other.learn more hand showers from european styling and anti-clog features, to a 5-spray massage or an old-fashioned classic spray; we have an excellent selection of hand showers.learn more vertical shower spas showering is a common part of everyday life. these shower panels can turn that tedious daily shower into an invigorating and refreshing experience.learn more shower arms out of the many beautiful styles, features, and finishes, there is sure to be the perfect shower arm to complete your bathroom décor.learn more handshower hoses looking for shower hoses? look no further. we offer the largest selection of shower hoses in many designer finishes.learn more luxury ada grab bars these garb bars bring safety and style to any home. they are ada approved making your home a healthy and sustainable environment.learn more shower enclosures we offer a variety of shower enclosures from straight to curved, neo-angle, "enlarger", high-end u-shaped, circular and other luxury shower rods.learn more soap dispensers save on soap and shampoo usage by using these elegant dispensers. the pump pre-measures just the right amount...every time!learn more macerating toilets macerating toilets allow you to install a toilet or a full extra bathroom almost anywhere without having to break concrete to do it.learn more toilet tank "trip" levers having a difficult time finding the right replacement trip lever for your toilet? we have many to choose from, and the one you need may just be a click away!learn more water shut-off valves looking for supply kits for your kitchen or bathroom? these valves are available in many styles and connection sizes.learn more stainless steel water flex selecting the right flex line for your faucet, toilet, ice maker or washing machine is a breeze with our great selection.learn more decorative p-traps decorative p-traps and drains are the perfect finishing touch for your bathroom when you are installing a sink whose drain/tubular fittings will be exposed.learn more regular p-traps looking for a regular p-trap? look no further! we have a variety of styles for your bathroom.learn more common & decorative sink drains find the exact style of sink drain for your new or existing bathroom sink. from simple to unique, or even that extra long drain for that custom built sink you just received, we got it.learn more complete shower drains drains for acrylic, fiberglass and tile applications. we have the drains for almost any installation in many designer finishes.learn more davke shower drains easy install drain needs only one person to install, saving you time and money.learn more wingtite shower drains wingtite shower drains offer a simple solution to your leaking shower drain. because installation is from the top, you save time and money replacing your shower drain.learn more square shower drains eliminate the unnecessary nipping and grinding that needs to be done to get your tile to fit around the drain by installing one of our square shower drains.learn more ready to tile shower pans bathroom renovations can often be costly and time consuming, but you can alleviate some of that time and cost by installing one of these ready to tile shower trays.learn more steam generators the benefits of steam bathing are numerous and have been known for hundreds of years, going as far back as the ancient greeks and romans.learn more make-up / shaving mirrors from top quality pedestal, vanity and wall-mount, to travel, magnified and fog-free. we have just the mirror for you.learn more luxury medicine cabinets these medicine cabinets make it easy to organize your things and eliminate clutter. plus, they are adjustable for added convenience.learn more more medicine cabinets tired of arranging your medicine cabinet contents to fit? with these adaptable medicine cabinets, simply place the shelves where you like them.learn more shower caddies these shower caddies are the perfect solution to your shower bottle clutter. you can organize your shower products all in one!learn more ada fold-up shower benches whether you're aging-in-place or you wish the elegance of teak in your bathroom, these ada compliant shower benches are a beautiful and functional addition to your shower.learn more ada compact folding seats maintain your independence with a durable shower seat by seachrome. these sturdy shower seats support up to 250lbs when properly installed.learn more luxury shower seats we are pleased to offer these fabulous shower seats with a variety of trim finishes. add some comfort and convenience to your sauna or shower!learn more teak floor mats add the warming look of natural wood, and make your bathroom a little cleaner and safer with these genuine teak bath mats.learn more bathroom accessories attractive fixtures are enhanced by beautiful, functional accessories. for the finishing touches on your remodel or new construction, we have what you need!learn more exhaust fans keep your bathroom well ventilated with these quiet, energy efficient exhaust fans. whether your bathroom is small or large, we have the fan for you.learn more towel warmers towel warmers add function, warmth and beauty. these elegant towel warmers are a great addition to any bathroom décor.learn more bathtub index find cast iron or acrylic tubs in a variety of styles, including popular clawfoot models.learn more jetted (whirlpool) tubs these jetted bathtubs have the ability to turn a plain bath into a relaxing warm massage.learn more tub spouts looking for a replacement tub spout? look no further. we have the largest selection on the net!learn more drain stoppers our stoppers are available in three sizes and two styles, so finding the stopper best suited to your needs should be a breeze.learn more access doors access doors provide and efficient approach to maintaining whirlpool pumps, shower valves or other in-wall installations.learn more complete hand shower kits slide bar hand shower kits allow your shower height to adjust for every member of the family! they also include great features you'll love!learn more clawfoot leg tub faucets add a touch of old-fashioned class to your bathroom with the perfect clawfoot tub faucet.learn more helpful "how-to" plumbing projects find more "how-to" atricles here showerhead "how-to" projects how to install a showerhead simply changing your showerhead is an easy way to update the look of your shower. learn how here.learn more how to clean a showerhead if you find your shower head looking dingy or loosing spray power, it's probably time to clean your shower head. here are a few easy steps to clean your showerhead.learn more how to remove a drain stopper there are many types of bath stoppers out there. we show you how to remove most of them here.learn more bathtub "how-to" projects how to use drain removal tools these tools are a must-have for your next drain removal project. affordable and very easy to use, these tools make a great addition to any tool box.learn more how to remove a bathtub drain flange in four easy steps we will show you how to remove your old tub drain flange to get your bathtub looking it's best.learn more how to install a tub drain flange a bathtub drain flange is the finished drain part in the tub that is visible to users. in just a few quick steps you will be installing your drain flange with ease.learn more read more helpful "how-to" atricles here frequently asked questions q. "i see that your prices are very low and am wondering if it's possible for you to offer even better 'special' pricing for plumbing contractors, plumbing distributors, hardware stores, home centers, kitchen and bath designers, plumbing showrooms, architects, and/or manufacturers" a. instead of offering a "secret" price, we simply offer the best prices, best service and largest selection to everyone, from do-it-yourselfer to professional. our prices are the lowest possible in order to stay in business; it's simpler and means absolutely no hidden pricing, so you don't need to wonder if someone is getting a better price than you because they aren't. our prices are the same for everyone and we believe that's one of the many reasons we have been so successful. we began serving the online community in 1995. to put into perspective how early that was, know that it was 3 years before google started! we were one of the first online plumbing suppliers. because of our lowest pricing for all, our best service and largest selection we will continue being the best. return to top ↑ quote of the day do the thing you fear, and the death of fear is certain. - ralph waldo emerson is there something else you are looking for? search plumbing products: search or - find plumbing supplies starting with: a b c d e f g h i j k l m n o p q r s t u v w x y z as the premier online plumbing supplier based in california, we must follow all california laws and regulations. although many items are considered acceptable for lead content by the 2014 federal safe drinking water act, the california prop 65 is a separate regulation from the 2014 federal safe drinking water act and per the california prop 65 requirements we must show the following: warning: this product contains lead, a chemical known to the state of california to cause cancer, birth defects or other reproductive harm. wash hands after handling. the above warning appears in the cart description for any and all products for which it may apply. for more information, click here.also, find out how prop 65 affects businesses and consumers here. ×close ca prop 65 information warning! some products may contain detectable amounts of lead, a chemical known to the state of california to cause cancer, birth defects or other reproductive harm. the state of california requires clear and reasonable warnings on products containing chemicals that may lead to cancer, birth defects, or other reproductive harm. even if these products contain only trace levels of harmful chemicals, a warning is required by the state of california. items with lead are not for use in potable water systems and are only for industrial non-drinking water applications why is lead in drinking water a bad thing? for centuries, people have known that lead is bad for you, and that lead poisoning can be fatal. however, it hasn't been until the advent of recent technologies that we've understood exactly how and why lead is bad for the human body. due to its corrosion-resistance and ease of working with it, lead was used in ancient times for water pipes, cooking pots, eating dishes and utensils, and more. even with the transition from lead pipes to those made of cast iron, copper, and galvanized steel, many times the brass fittings or solder used to join pipes contained significant amounts of lead. if you've ever taken a chemisty class, you're probably familiar with the concept that water is a solvent. this means that it will absorb things like minerals, metals, and chemicals that it comes into contact with over a period of time. water sitting in your pipes will gradually leach lead from the joints or fittings. in addition, as the plumbing system in a building ages, the pipes, fittings, and joints will corrode - again leaching lead into the water supply. when you drink that water, you're ingesting lead. the human body is amazing at destroying or getting rid of many harmful substances, from certain minerals and indigestable fibers to bacteria and viruses. however, these biological mechanisms only work if the body recognizes the invader. guess what lead is really good at? mimicking helpful substances that your body needs, like calcium, zinc, and iron. thus, lead poisoning isn't so much a case of having too much lead, but of having that lead bind to and interact with the enzymes your body utilizes for proper functioning - blocking those good minerals and metals from attaching to the enzyme and doing what they're supposed to to keep your body healthy. thus, no safe level of lead in the body has been identified. even small amounts of lead can disrupt your immune system, interfere with metabolism and vitamin/mineral absorption, inhibit neurological function, and even damage your dna. babies and children are the most at risk for lead poisoning primarily because their growing bodies are so much faster at absorbing and processing any lead they are exposed to. when the lead takes the place of the good nutrients a child's body needs to continue growing, bad things happen. even low levels of lead in the blood of children can result in behavior and learning problems, abdominal pain and vomiting, slowed growth and brain development, nervous system damage, hearing problems, anemia, and in rare cases can cause seizures, coma, and even death. brain/nerve damage or delayed development in children related to lead poisoning is irreversible. what is the safe drinking water act? as of august 6, 1998, the federal safe drinking water act (the act) prohibits any person from introducing into commerce, products that are not "lead free" as defined by the act. the u.s. environmental protection agency has determined that for a product to be considered "lead free" under the act, it must satisfy the performance standard for lead leaching under nsf standard 61, section 9 (nsf 61/9). items covered by nsf 61/9 include lavatory faucets, (excluding metering, self-closing, and electronic faucets), bar and kitchen faucets, valves, supply lines, fittings, and many other products that come into contact with drinking water supplies. the act applies to residential, commercial and institutional installations, as well as new and retrofit applications. california proposition 65, "the safe drinking water and toxic enforcement act of 1986" is the most stringent law (that we know of) of its kind at either the state or federal level. the federal standard for lead in drinking water is 11 ppb (parts per billion) while prop 65 (calif) mandates a level of .05ppb. the center for environmental health recommends that consumers run water for 10 seconds before filling a glass to remove water with the highest lead levels (from pre "act" faucets). additionally, with the passage of california assembly bill 1953, maryland house bill 372, and vermont assembly bill vt s.152, "lead free" is defined as to mean not more than a weighted average of 0.25% lead content in pipe and fittings. what this means for you is the lead content in faucet spouts and fittings will not be legally allowed to have more than one-fourth of one percent of lead, so water traveling through compliant faucets will be essentially "lead free". ca ab 1953 defines lead as less than 0.25%. this bill changes the meaning of term "lead	free" in the health and safety code from eight percent lead for pipes or pipe fittings, and four percent lead for plumbing fittings and fixtures to a weighted average of not more than 0.25 percent lead content within each component that comes	into contact with the wetted surfaces of pipes and pipe fittings, plumbing fittings and fixtures effective july 1, 2010. however, it is important to note that while products meeting the requirements of the law are defined as being "lead free", they may still contain trace amounts of lead. the new lead free act went into effect nationally in 2014. home about us contact us how to order feedback/suggestions disclaimer return policy copyright© 1995-2015 plumbingsupply.com.all rights reserved. copyright© 1995-2015 plumbingsupply.com. all rights reserved.