来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20161230004023/https://www.plumbingsupply.com/kitchenfaucetindex.html
================================================================================

kitchen faucets index - find top quality kitchen faucets for your home contact | help | welcome view cart toggle navigation menu help view cart contact kitchen residential kitchen index commercial kitchen index residential kitchen faucets kitchen sinks garbage disposers basket strainers & stoppers other kitchen accessories commercial commercial kitchen faucets commercial kitchen sinks prep tables & work stations racks & carts grease traps & interceptors bathroom residential bathroom index commercial bathroom index mirrors index residential bathroom faucets bathroom sinks showers complete shower systems shower heads hand showers shower drains & drain covers bathtubs & related items bathtubs tub spouts tub filler faucets tub & shower seats grab bars towel warmers escutcheons more bathroom accessories bathroom accessories index hair dryers towel bars teak bath mats adjustable medicine cabinets commercial commercial bathroom faucets commercial bathroom sinks hand dryers paper towel & toilet paper holders urinals stainless steel toilets flush valves & flushometers restroom signs hotel tub & shower products toilet parts toilet parts index toilet seats index how to find toilet model find parts for: american standard toilets briggs toilets case toilets caroma toilets crane toilets eljer toilets gerber toilets kohler toilets mansfield toilets toto toilets universal rundle toilets purchase: cheviot wall-mount toilets old-fashioned high tank toilets macerating toilets repair parts faucet repair parts garbage disposer repair parts shut-off valves water supply flex lines p-traps & drain parts water heater repair parts plumbing tools pipe repair kits tapes - duct, strapping, rescue pipe & fittings pipe fittings index pipe & tubing index fittings brass brass ips fittings chrome-plated brass ips fittings brass compression fittings brass flare fittings pvc standard pvc fittings pvc compression fittings quick repair pvc fittings cpvc fittings copper copper fittings rigid copper pipe copper tubing sharkbite & push-fit sharkbite fittings quick connect fittings uv resistant push-fit fittings pipe clamps pipe clamps hose clamps pipe hangers j-hooks pipe brackets more diy plumbing projects plumbing-related articles ada compliant & independent living aids drains drain cleaning equipment drinking fountains flood prevention products medical/healthcare facility products outdoor & garden products pumps - sump, sewage, effluent, & more sinks & related accessories steam & sauna products tankless water heaters water filters search skip to main content ×close menu residential kitchen products commercial kitchen products residential bathroom products commercial bathroom products toilet repair parts toilet seats pipe fittings pipe & tubing plumbing tools complete pumps index pump controllers ada compliant products drains drain cleaning equipment drinking fountains flood prevention products outdoor & garden products sinks & related accessories steam & sauna products tankless water heaters water heater repair parts water filters diy plumbing projects plumbing education your premier online plumbing supplier since 1995 a b c d e f g h i j k l m n o p q r s t u v w x y z same day shipping for in-stock orders processed by 7pm est m-f home faucets kitchen faucets kitchen faucet index when you need a new kitchen faucet, we are your source for the best selection. plumbingsupply.com® offers kitchen faucets from the finest manufacturers, in the styles and finishes you want, and at the great prices you need. choose from high-end, value-priced, european, vintage or contemporary styles, many available in a wide array of beautiful designer finishes to perfectly complement your décor. click any image below to jump directly to that type of faucet single handle single handle with side spray pull-out spray two handle two handle with side spray gourmet & specialty look for this symbol to find kitchen faucets that are compliant with california energy commission water efficiency standards - look for this symbol to find budget kitchen faucets $150 or less - please note: "budget faucets" may refer only to certain finishes of a particular faucet or only faucets within a series with certain features. we have noted these faucets solely for our customers' convenience and this in no way constitutes a binding price agreement. while we strive to ensure accuracy of all the information we provide for customers, prices do change occasionally and the stated price may be more than $150. prices noted on actual product page are final. learn how to install your new kitchen faucet single handle kitchen faucets classics become classics for a reason, and the traditional single handle kitchen faucet is no exception. whether you're looking for the familiar style you remember from your mom or grandma's kitchen or want a contemporary revamp with the same reliable function, you'll love our variety of designer finishes and modern features - all wrapped up in a convenient, comfortable, compact design that's perfect for almost any home. click any image below to view more information about that single handle kitchen faucet hover over images to view basic manufacturer or collection/series information pull-out spray single handle kitchen faucets the convenience and versatility of kitchen faucets with a pull-out/pull-down spray spout can't be beat, especially when paired with compact, space-saving designs and durable, stylish finishes. plumbingsupply.com® is pleased to offer you an extensive selection of these ingenous faucets in a wide array of styles. whether you're looking for something basic or ultra-luxurious, have a traditional or more modern style, or just need something both user- and eco-friendly, you're sure to find just what you're looking for. click any image below to view more information about that pull-out spray kitchen faucet hover over images to view basic manufacturer or collection/series information single handle kitchen faucets with side spray convenient and compact, these single handle kitchen faucets with side spray are ideal for smaller kitchens, prep areas, or just about anywhere. if you're looking for a kitchen faucet with great features and a stylish look that won't clutter up your kitchen, you can't go wrong with one of these single handle models with accompanying side spray. click any image below to view more information about that single handle kitchen faucet with side spray hover over images to view basic manufacturer or collection/series information two handle kitchen faucets perhaps one of the most diverse category of kitchen faucets we offer is the two handle style. we've got basic two handle faucets perfect for rental homes or apartments, unique designer gooseneck spouts with single hole installation, widespread, old fashioned bridge-style, and two-handle wall mount faucets. with so many styles to choose from, many available in an array of durable designer finishes, we're confident you'll find something to suit your needs. click any image below to view more information about that two handle kitchen faucet hover over images to view basic manufacturer or collection/series information widespread two-handle faucets bridge-style two-handle faucets wall mount two-handle faucets two handle kitchen faucets with side spray the classic two-handle kitchen faucet with side spray gets a new look and new life with these stylish designs. available in the traditional deck-plate style, as a widespread or a bridge, they're ideal for new construction, remodels, or replacing a worn out existing faucet. the spray offers convenient rinsing of veggies or dishes, while our wide range of designer finishes lets you easily match your kitchen décor. click any image below to view more information about that two handle kitchen faucet with side spray hover over images to view basic manufacturer or collection/series information widespread faucets with spray bridge-style faucets with spray gourmet & specialty kitchen faucets whether you're the family gourmet or just love the look and convenience of professional kitchen faucets, you're sure to find something here to tickle your culinary fancy. from stylish yet functional pot fillers and top quality pre-rinse faucets to faucets featuring led lighted spouts or hands-free operation, we're pleased to offer a range of specialty kitchen faucets that will add a touch of luxury to your home and make your kitchen prep just a little bit easier. click any image below to view more information about that gourmet or specialty kitchen faucet hover over images to view basic manufacturer or collection/series information wall mounted pot fillers deck mounted pot filler faucets gourmet pre-rinse & touch faucets kitchen faucets related items kitchen sinks drinking water dispensers commercialkitchen faucets flexes for faucets water supply valves sink strainers garbagedisposers faucet repair parts frequently asked questions q. "what should i look for when purchasing a faucet?" a. many times we're first drawn to the way a faucet looks, it's design and the finishes available - and that's not a bad thing, we all want a stylish, comfortable home. however, there are several other questions you should also be asking: is it easy to get parts? easy to repair and replace parts? is it a true "washer-less" (doesn't mean it won't leak, it will eventually anyway but is usually easier to operate and easier to repair) or not? where is it made? what type of warranty does it have? how long has this model been made? does the manufacturer stand behind their products and how long has that company been in business? is the company that you are buying the faucet from reputable and been in business long enough so that you know you can trust them? q. "what does washer-less mean?" a. any faucet could be 'washer-less', as they come in both the single- and two-handle type. in most washer-less faucets, the control of the water flow is done by a cartridge or arrangement of seals that allow water to flow when the holes or ports are lined up. the design is such that the water flow is basically sheared off. unlike 'washer' types, extra or stronger pressure on the handle will not help stop the water flow. there are many different designs of washer-less cartridges, and some foreign cartridges can be very expensive (imported models). ceramic cartridges are becoming very popular, and have been around for over 20 years. ceramics tend to last longer than other types of cartridges but can cost a lot more when replacing. remember, all faucets will eventually leak. there tends to be less friction and wear and tear with a "washer-less" faucet compared to the older washer-type faucet. q. "why do some faucets cost so much more than others?" a. some faucets are simply made better than others with higher quality material such as solid brass, which generally provides a superior look, performance, and durability. while you may pay more for a quality faucet, you're likely to receive more value for your money as a result of longer, more reliable, trouble-free service. paying more doesn't always mean you'll get a better value, but generally, a more expensive faucet (just like a more expensive appliance, automobile, etc.) does give better and longer service. we recommend that you do shop around once you know the exact brand and model that you want, to avoid paying extra for the exact same faucet or avoid the hassle of dealing with a disreputable retailer. q. "seems like a faucet is a faucet... aren't most faucets about equal.. shouldn't i just buy the lowest priced ones?" a. it is true that you don't always get your money's worth by paying more. on the other hand, just like cars, there are "cheap" cars and quality cars. we like to recommend that you buy quality faucets from a reputable dealer and that you shop (compare) prices on the same brand models. q. "i have a hole in my kitchen sink for an air gap. i'd like to use it for a faucet. can i just by pass that air gap?" a. you could but we absolutely do not recommend that. air gaps have an important (health safety) function and should be kept on the deck of the sink or kitchen counter. q. "can i replace a two handled kitchen faucet with a single handled model?" a. absolutely. standard-size openings and faucet dimensions are used throughout the u.s. plumbing industry. q. "i really like the new "designer" finishes, but i'm wondering if they are as durable as chrome. what do you recommend?" a. in our opinion, nothing beats triple plated chrome for a lifetime of durability. that being said, however, many manufacturers have worked hard to make their other finishes more durable and long-lasting, so it really is a matter of personal preference and use. additionally, many manufacturers now offer special care/cleaning guides with their products to help you maintain the new designer finishes as long as possible. q. "can a hose spray model be installed in a 3-hole kitchen sink?" a. sure, many faucet manufacturers offer faucets designed for one or two holes. most common sink configurations have either 3, 4 or 5 mounting holes on the sink top. look under the sink to determine the number of holes in your sink because the holes may be covered by an existing faucet. also, note that once you have purchased a faucet without a sprayer that you generally can't just add a sprayer. you need to decide before you purchase a kitchen faucet whether you want a sprayer or not. q. "any helpful hints?" a. all faucets will leak and need servicing eventually. a good idea is to once or twice yearly, open and close all shut off valves under all faucets (if any). this will help keep them free of sediment and will allow them to be closed when needed. q. "i'm hearing a lot about lead-free these days. what does that have to do with plumbing products and how does the new lead-free legislation affect me?" a. basically, the laws implemented jan. 1st, 2014 require plumbing products that come in contact with drinking water to be "essentially lead free" (less than 0.25% weighted average). for further information about how the law determines what is "lead free", rules regarding which plumbing products must be "lead free", and who these laws will affect, please click here. q. "why should i choose a water efficient faucet?" a. well, the numbers can speak for themselves: it is estimated that by installing water efficient faucets and accessories, the average household can save more than 500 gallons per year. most of us know that we can conserve water by turning off the tap when not in use, but many may not know you can save water while using it with the right water saving faucet. while manufacturers vary in their definition of "water efficient", the faucets labeled here as water efficient have a 2.0gpm or less water flow, with many featuring a 1.5gpm or less flow. q. "what are the new california energy commission water efficiency standards and how does this affect me?" a. effective january 1, 2016, certain plumbing fixtures will be required to comply with new california energy commission requirements for flow rate and water efficiency. since the program began in 1976, it has continually worked to develop standards for energy- and water-using appliances and fixtures that will help californians to conserve energy and water. to help the state deal with current and future drought conditions, only water-saving plumbing fixtures will be legally available for sale in california. products like faucets, toilets, urinals, and shower heads are all affected by the new regulations. sold after january 1, 2016: public lavatory faucets & aerators must have a maximum flow rate of 0.5 gallons per minute or less (at 60psi) kitchen faucets & aerators must have a maximum flow rate of 1.8 gallons per minute or less (at 60psi) - dual function faucets may have an optional temporary flow of 2.2 gallons per minute toilets must use a maximum 1.28 gallons per flush or less - or a dual-flush effective flush volume of 1.28 gallons per flush or less wall mounted urinals must use a maximum 0.125 gallons per flush or less other urinals must use a maximum 0.5 gallons per flush or less sold after july 1, 2016: lavatory faucets & aerators must have a maximum flow rate of 1.2 gallons per minute or less (at 60psi) shower heads must have a maximum flow rate of 2.0 gallons per minute or less (at 80psi) what this means for the average consumer is that you can rest easy knowing that the product you're getting is compliant with the law - and will help you do your part to save water, our most precious natural resource. additionally, it is important to note that current epa watersense program requirements are not as stringent as the california energy commission requirements. thus, not all watersense products may be compliant with the new laws in california. please be sure to review the specifications of the product you're purchasing prior to placing your order as we cannot ship non-compliant products to our customers in california. q. "why don't you offer any watersense certified kitchen faucets?" a. currently, the watersense program doesn't offer certification for kitchen faucets. however, many companies (including popular symmons, delta, and american standard) who manufacture watersense certified lavatory faucets have also found ways to make their kitchen faucets more water efficient as well. q. "how do i install my new kitchen faucet? do i have to call a plumber?" a. installing a kitchen faucet can be a relatively easy project for an experienced do-it-yourselfer. however, as with all plumbing projects, if you are unsure of your ability or you have a unique installation situation, it is recommended you hire a professional to do the job. watch our video below to learn more about how to install a kitchen faucet, including useful tips and tricks to help you determine if this is a diy or professional plumbing project for your situation. view video tutorialhow to install a kitchen faucet customer testimonials "...why would i buy locally when i can get this kind of service on items i don't need to have in hand within hours? i use the internet for ordering numerous items and your service is among the very best i have experienced on communication, speed, and reasonable prices. pass on a well done to everyone there!" - gerry p., prior lake, minnesota 55372 "received the faucets today and they are working fine!! they are great!...it has been a pleasure, hope to do business again!" - mellinda phillips, bayfield, colorado 81122 "got the faucet today (earlier than expected) and it fits and works perfectly. thanks for such great customer support and flawless communications. will definitely do business again." - robert shaffer, marana, arizona 85653-8291 please note that every customer testimonial shown on our pages has given us written permission to quote them. our customer's privacy is very important to us, and we will never give, share or sell contact information or e-mail addresses to anyone! return to top ↑ quote of the day divisions are imaginary lines drawn by small minds. - paramhansa yogananda is there something else you are looking for? search plumbing products: search or - find plumbing supplies starting with: a b c d e f g h i j k l m n o p q r s t u v w x y z home about us contact us how to order shipping feedback disclaimer privacy policy return policy copyright© 1995-2016 plumbingsupply.com.all rights reserved. copyright© 1995-2016 plumbingsupply.com. all rights reserved.