来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20181123212321/https://www.plumbingsupply.com/welcome.html
================================================================================

welcome to plumbingsupply.com® where customers come first since 1995 contact | help | welcome view cart toggle navigation help view cart contact kitchen residential kitchen index kitchen faucets kitchen sinks garbage disposers basket strainers & stoppers other kitchen accessories commercial kitchen index commercial kitchen faucets commercial kitchen sinks prep tables & work stations racks & carts grease traps & interceptors bathroom residential bathroom index bathroom faucets bathroom sinks complete shower systems shower heads hand showers bathtubs tub spouts tub filler faucets tub & shower seats grab bars towel warmers escutcheons hair dryers towel bars teak bath mats mirrors index bathroom accessories index commercial bathroom index commercial bathroom faucets hand dryers urinals stainless steel toilets flush valves & flushometers restroom signs hotel tub & shower products toilet parts how to find your toilet model number toilet parts index toilet seats index find parts for: american standard toilets briggs toilets case toilets caroma toilets crane toilets delta toilets eljer toilets gerber toilets kohler toilets mansfield toilets porcher toilets toto toilets universal rundle toilets purchase: old-fashioned high tank toilets macerating toilets repair parts plumbing tools pipe repair kits tapes - duct, strapping, rescue faucet repair parts garbage disposer repair parts shut-off valves water supply flex lines p-traps & drain parts water heater repair parts pipe & fittings pipe fittings index pipe & tubing index brass fittings brass ips fittings chrome-plated brass ips fittings brass compression fittings brass flare fittings pvc fittings standard pvc fittings pvc compression fittings quick repair pvc fittings cpvc fittings copper copper fittings rigid copper pipe copper tubing push-to-connect fittings sharkbite fittings quick connect fittings uv resistant push-fit fittings pipe clamps pipe clamps hose clamps pipe hangers j-hooks pipe brackets more plumbing products ada compliant & independent living aids drains - sink, shower, floor, & more drain cleaning equipment drinking fountains flood prevention products medical/healthcare facility products outdoor & garden products pumps - sump, sewage, effluent, & more sinks & related accessories steam & sauna products tankless water heaters water filters plumbing projects & information a to z product index kitchen residential kitchen index commercial kitchen index residential kitchen faucets kitchen sinks garbage disposers basket strainers & stoppers other kitchen accessories commercial commercial kitchen faucets commercial kitchen sinks prep tables & work stations racks & carts grease traps & interceptors bathroom residential bathroom index commercial bathroom index mirrors index residential bathroom faucets bathroom sinks showers complete shower systems shower heads hand showers shower drains & drain covers bathtubs & related items bathtubs tub spouts tub filler faucets tub & shower seats grab bars towel warmers escutcheons more bathroom accessories bathroom accessories index hair dryers towel bars teak bath mats adjustable medicine cabinets commercial commercial bathroom faucets hand dryers urinals stainless steel toilets flush valves & flushometers restroom signs hotel tub & shower products toilet parts toilet parts index toilet seats index how to find toilet model find parts for: american standard toilets briggs toilets case toilets caroma toilets crane toilets delta toilets eljer toilets gerber toilets kohler toilets mansfield toilets porcher toilets toto toilets universal rundle toilets purchase: old-fashioned high tank toilets macerating toilets repair parts faucet repair parts garbage disposer repair parts shut-off valves water supply flex lines p-traps & drain parts water heater repair parts plumbing tools pipe repair kits tapes - duct, strapping, rescue pipe & fittings pipe fittings index pipe & tubing index fittings brass brass ips fittings chrome-plated brass ips fittings brass compression fittings brass flare fittings pvc standard pvc fittings pvc compression fittings quick repair pvc fittings cpvc fittings copper copper fittings rigid copper pipe copper tubing sharkbite & push-fit sharkbite fittings quick connect fittings uv resistant push-fit fittings pipe clamps pipe clamps hose clamps pipe hangers j-hooks pipe brackets more plumbing projects & information ada compliant & independent living aids drains drain cleaning equipment drinking fountains flood prevention products medical/healthcare facility products outdoor & garden products pumps - sump, sewage, effluent, & more sinks & related accessories steam & sauna products tankless water heaters water filters search skip to main content ×close menu residential kitchen products commercial kitchen products residential bathroom products commercial bathroom products toilet repair parts toilet seats pipe fittings pipe & tubing plumbing tools complete pumps index pump controllers ada compliant products drains drain cleaning equipment drinking fountains flood prevention products outdoor & garden products sinks & related accessories steam & sauna products tankless water heaters water heater repair parts water filters plumbing projects & information the premier online plumbing supplier since 1995 a b c d e f g h i j k l m n o p q r s t u v w x y z same day shipping for in-stock orders processed by 7pm est m-f home welcome meet the team at plumbingsupply.com® welcome to the most famous and leading internet mail-order plumbing supplier since 1995. we have (by far) the largest plumbing-only product selection on the internet since 1995. plumbingsupply.com® incorporates the strongest identity authentication standard available today. "without integrity, no company can have positive word of mouth." - jay abraham since opening our virtual doors in 1995, we have been known as the #1 internet plumbing supplier. we started out with a mission to transform the task of buying plumbing related products into an enjoyable experience and offer the largest selection of plumbing supplies anywhere. today, we continue with that mission by providing top quality plumbing products at the lowest possible prices, with strong focus on providing you with excellent customer service. we here at plumbingsupply.com® sincerely believe that our customers should always come first. we have been reviewed and written about in numerous publications, have received tens of thousands of thanks and compliments, and are well known on the net and especially in the plumbing community. we also sponsor a number of plumbing-related educational and informational sites such as plumbingnet.com (directory of plumbing manufacturers), and plbg.com (best plumbing advice forum on the net). we are proud of our reputation and we believe that over 99% of our customers are very happy with our service, prices and quality of our products. our fantastic team: "to give real service you must add something which cannot be bought or measured with money, and that is sincerity and integrity."- douglas adams "under promise and over perform"™ is our motto. "yes, we have it"™, we have low prices, a great inventory, large selection, top quality products, and the most conscientious plumbing-supplier team ready to serve you. our founder many years ago, vic after having served in the u.s. navy reserve (vietnam veteran) graduated from cal state university at northridge. while searching for employment he stumbled into an excellent paying plumbing apprenticeship program soon after graduating from csun. after 4 1/2 years (he was advanced ahead of all of his many peers) of intensive plumbing education he became a journeyman plumber. as soon as he qualified for the next step, he became a plumbing contractor. then he became a college plumbing instructor at butte college (northern california) and finally a well known plumbing distributor. vic believes plumbing has contributed much to society and his goal is to not only be able to provide quality plumbing products at very low prices and provide superior service, but to also educate people as to how important plumbing is to society. vic also believes in "giving back" to society, and therefore each year we give a considerable amount of moneys to charities. these days vic has stepped out of a day-to-day role at our company to spend more time on his health (yoga, aerobics, meditation, stress management). occasionally, when he has time, he will audit some transactions/sales to be sure that we are always providing you with the excellent service that we are known for. vic enjoys sharing his passions and hobbies as shown here. chief executive officer and president aden is highly motivated, diligent, and thoroughly knowledgeable about every aspect of our company - which makes him the perfect person to lead our team. since 2005, he has been helping customers and overseeing our order fulfillment team, and now we're pleased to have him as our ceo and president. with aden, the customer always comes first and he makes sure our team has the resources and support they need to get the job done and keep our customers happy. because of his in-depth, hands-on experience with many of the products, numerous plumbing parts and fittings that we offer, he is one of the "go to" people our team turns to with difficult product questions. he is very considerate and is always there to assist anyone who has questions or needs help with any given issue. we are very thankful to have aden as our leader and are confident he will shine in this new position as he has in every role he's undertaken since he began with us. vice president michael has been with us since we started. he loves challenges and finding unusual plumbing products. he also is seen reading the plumbing code books to find answers to complex questions. michael enjoys finding the newest plumbing products on the market and solutions to common plumbing problems. he also orders a number of products and helps to oversee our accounts payable department. michael's eye for detail is one of the reasons our credit rating is impeccable. he makes sure all of the manufacturers and suppliers are always paid on time. having a great relationship with our suppliers is one of the reasons that we can offer such low prices. he and aden share the same goal to continue to be the best internet plumbing supplier in the u.s.. both are dedicated to leading a team that is known throughout the plumbing industry for providing the best service. chief technology officer dan has also been with us since we started. he is our resident computer pro and is proficient in perl, c++, xml and html. we have much to thank dan for, as much of what you see is due to his programming skills. he is also great in troubleshooting computer glitches, if ever there is a computer problem, dan can fix it! dan loves challenges and so he also has made finding and identifying unique plumbing parts his love. dan states: "plumbing and computers. what else do you need to know in this life?" chief financial officer rick has worked for us since we started our online venture in 1995. rick has contributed several ideas that have helped to streamline many of our daily processes and has contributed considerably to the improvement of our inventory management. he makes sure that all inventory levels are correct for the thousands of products that we stock in our warehouse. this ensures that the rest of our team can fulfill orders in an accurate and timely fashion. it is his strong work ethic, attention to detail, and dedication that has made rick the obvious choice for our cfo. rick also trains our team members how to manage our returns department and how to monitor all orders that are shipped directly from various manufacturers. rick has also written several informative plumbing articles and faq's for our site. we are very lucky to have such a conscientious person on our team. customer relations supervisor stefani does everything she can to make every customer happy. she gives our team the continuous training needed to provide excellent customer service. even after their initial training process, stefani makes sure all of our customer service specialists retain and implement our procedures and standards. she often monitors our in and out going email and reviews most orders we receive daily. stefani also assists our web development team by reviewing our web pages before they are added to our site. her hard work, dedication, and caring nature is the driving force behind our outstanding customer service. she raises our team's core understanding of customer care and brings it to the highest level. we are very thankful to have her on our management team. water quality specialist mike is our water quality specialist. his wisdom and experience has helped solve many, many common problems and has provided helpful solutions to hundreds of grateful and happy customers. mike's extensive familiarity with plumbing and plumbing products is now benefiting our web team - he writes and instructs the team in all types of helpful information for our site in order to benefit our customers and provide a better understanding of common plumbing issues. one of his specialties is water quality, and he is always happy to share his knowledge and assist customers with their questions. the specialized water softener and water products we offer are based off of his specifications. mike is also a leader in our local community and does a lot of rewarding charity work. we are quite lucky and proud to have mike on our team. senior purchasing agent pedro orders the majority of the products we stock in our warehouse and monitors inventory levels to ensure that our stock levels are kept at their highest. we take pride in our inventory level and normally, we have 98% of all items in stock which is largely due to pedro's ability to stay on top of our ever-changing inventory. it department dan, brian, and michael spend their time making sure all our technology is running smoothly. whether they're maintaining our servers, fixing glitches on company computers, or adding fancy new features to our website, these computer whizzes work hard to make our company's technological face look its best! web development mike, carolyn, anthony p., and jeremiah work hard to make sure all of our pages are kept up to date and accurate. with several pages added daily, in addition to keeping up the thousands of existing pages, they certainly do keep busy! accounts payable department mark and farrah manage our accounts by making sure all invoices are paid on time (and often early!). they do an exceptional job at making sure our relationships with our vendors, manufacturers and suppliers are all kept in good standing. customer service specialists ivy, laurel, rebecca, and aaron are all doing an outstanding job serving our customers. these team members focus on providing outstanding customer service and support, regardless of order size. they make sure all customers are greeted promptly with a friendly disposition and answer all inquires to the best of their abilities. we would also like to honor a former team member and dear friend, michelle, who sadly is no longer with us. warehouse / order fulfillment team warehouse specialist sandee works to ensure shelves are stocked full and arranged properly so that the product is easily accessible. she keeps the warehouse clean, organized, and in working order. led by production supervisor, dustin, our production specialists anthony a., david, judson, and anthony v. and are responsible for filling our customers orders and ensuring quality control by making sure the right product is pulled, is in good condition meeting company standards. they also handle the processing of payments, packaging and finally shipping the products. our town - our team we are located in chico, california. our city is a cultural, economic, and educational center in the northern sacramento valley and is home to both chico state university and bidwell park which, at over 3600 acres, is the third largest municipal park in california and one of the 25 largest city parks in the united states. chico is a relatively small city (the urban area of chico is at approximately 110,000 people) but its citizens are proud of, and care deeply about, their community. if you come to chico, it is not uncommon to see a bumper sticker boasting "chico is my hometown!" we are very fortunate that all of our team members love their jobs and love chico. we do not have much "turn over," and this is one of the reasons that our percentage of orders to you is nearly 100% "perfect." we have gotten thousands of letters and notes thanking us for our fantastic service. all of our team members pay very close and careful attention to detail (although we are human, and do make mistakes once in a very great while). they are all trained in every aspect of our entire system and therefore can step in and help when any team member is sick, on vacation, or may be off on their birthday (which is one of the paid benefits when working at plumbingsupply.com®). the people that are listed here are able to process your order from start to finish. you might even see one of their names on an e-mail from us if we have any questions about your order. we are able to provide you with great service because of team members such as them. the listed team members here are examples for all others to follow. without them we wouldn't be the same. do you have more questions about us? please try our faq page. return to top ↑ quote of the day words are plentiful; deeds are precious. - lech walesa (polish nobel prize winner) is there something else you are looking for? search plumbing products: search or - find plumbing supplies starting with: a b c d e f g h i j k l m n o p q r s t u v w x y z home about us contact us how to order shipping feedback disclaimer privacy policy return policy copyright© 1995-2018 plumbingsupply.com.all rights reserved. copyright© 1995-2018 plumbingsupply.com. all rights reserved.