来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20201207021549/https://www.plumbingsupply.com/bathroom-faucets-index.html
================================================================================

bathroom faucet index - huge selection of designer bathroom faucets for your home contact | plumbing terms | help | welcome view cart toggle navigation help view cart contact kitchen residential kitchen index kitchen faucets kitchen sinks garbage disposers basket strainers & stoppers other kitchen accessories commercial kitchen index commercial kitchen faucets commercial kitchen sinks prep tables & work stations racks & carts grease traps & interceptors bathroom residential bathroom index bathroom faucets bathroom sinks complete shower systems shower heads hand showers bathtubs tub spouts tub filler faucets tub & shower seats grab bars towel warmers escutcheons hair dryers towel bars teak bath mats mirrors index bathroom accessories index commercial bathroom index commercial bathroom faucets hand dryers urinals stainless steel toilets flush valves & flushometers restroom signs hotel tub & shower products toilet parts how to find your toilet model number toilet parts index toilet seats index find parts for: american standard toilets briggs toilets case toilets caroma toilets crane toilets delta toilets eljer toilets gerber toilets kohler toilets mansfield toilets porcher toilets toto toilets universal rundle toilets purchase: old-fashioned high tank toilets macerating toilets repair parts plumbing tools pipe repair kits tapes - duct, strapping, rescue faucet repair parts garbage disposer repair parts shut-off valves water supply flex lines p-traps & drain parts water heater repair parts pipe & fittings pipe fittings index pipe & tubing index brass fittings brass ips fittings chrome-plated brass ips fittings brass compression fittings brass flare fittings pvc fittings standard pvc fittings pvc compression fittings quick repair pvc fittings cpvc fittings copper copper fittings rigid copper pipe copper tubing push-to-connect fittings sharkbite fittings quick connect fittings uv resistant push-fit fittings pipe clamps pipe clamps hose clamps pipe hangers j-hooks pipe brackets more plumbing products ada compliant & independent living aids drains - sink, shower, floor, & more drain cleaning equipment drinking fountains flood prevention products medical/healthcare facility products outdoor & garden products pumps - sump, sewage, effluent, & more sinks & related accessories steam & sauna products tankless water heaters water filters plumbing projects & information a to z product index kitchen residential kitchen index commercial kitchen index residential kitchen faucets kitchen sinks garbage disposers basket strainers & stoppers other kitchen accessories commercial commercial kitchen faucets commercial kitchen sinks prep tables & work stations racks & carts grease traps & interceptors bathroom residential bathroom index commercial bathroom index mirrors index residential bathroom faucets bathroom sinks showers complete shower systems shower heads hand showers shower drains & drain covers bathtubs & related items bathtubs tub spouts tub filler faucets tub & shower seats grab bars towel warmers escutcheons more bathroom accessories bathroom accessories index hair dryers towel bars teak bath mats adjustable medicine cabinets commercial commercial bathroom faucets hand dryers urinals stainless steel toilets flush valves & flushometers restroom signs hotel tub & shower products toilet parts toilet parts index toilet seats index how to find toilet model find parts for: american standard toilets briggs toilets case toilets caroma toilets crane toilets delta toilets eljer toilets gerber toilets kohler toilets mansfield toilets porcher toilets toto toilets universal rundle toilets purchase: old-fashioned high tank toilets macerating toilets repair parts faucet repair parts garbage disposer repair parts shut-off valves water supply flex lines p-traps & drain parts water heater repair parts plumbing tools pipe repair kits tapes - duct, strapping, rescue pipe & fittings pipe fittings index pipe & tubing index fittings brass brass ips fittings chrome-plated brass ips fittings brass compression fittings brass flare fittings pvc standard pvc fittings pvc compression fittings quick repair pvc fittings cpvc fittings copper copper fittings rigid copper pipe copper tubing sharkbite & push-fit sharkbite fittings quick connect fittings uv resistant push-fit fittings pipe clamps pipe clamps hose clamps pipe hangers j-hooks pipe brackets more plumbing projects & information ada compliant & independent living aids drains drain cleaning equipment drinking fountains flood prevention products medical/healthcare facility products outdoor & garden products pumps - sump, sewage, effluent, & more sinks & related accessories steam & sauna products tankless water heaters water filters search skip to main content ×close menu residential kitchen products commercial kitchen products residential bathroom products commercial bathroom products toilet repair parts toilet seats pipe fittings pipe & tubing plumbing tools complete pumps index pump controllers ada compliant products drains drain cleaning equipment drinking fountains flood prevention products outdoor & garden products sinks & related accessories steam & sauna products tankless water heaters water heater repair parts water filters plumbing projects & information the premier online plumbing supplier since 1995 a b c d e f g h i j k l m n o p q r s t u v w x y z same day shipping for in-stock orders processed by 7pm est m-f bathroom faucets jump directly to: single handle single hole two handle centerset widespread basin taps wall mount vessel jump directly to a section single handle single hole two handle centerset widespread basin taps wall mount vessel single handle bathroom faucets when it comes to bathroom faucets, it really doesn't get any simpler than the classic single handle faucet. perfect for smaller spaces, these stylish faucets offer you a clean, uncluttered look without sacrificing performance or function. with quality construction, a wide variety of styles, and a myriad of designer finishes to complement almost any décor, we're sure you'll find the perfect new faucet for your bathroom right here. cec compliant watersense certified cec compliant & watersense certified two handle single hole lavatory faucets need a single hole installation but love the feel of a two handle faucet? we've got you covered! these unique two handle single hole mount bathroom faucets add flair to your bathroom without taking up too much space. whether you want a bold contemporary style or revel in the old world charm of a more traditional design, plumbingsupply.com® is your source for these delightful bathroom faucets. cec compliant watersense certified cec compliant & watersense certified two handle centerset bathroom faucets when you enjoy the look and operation of a two handle faucet, but simply don't have the counter space for a widespread, a 4" centerset style is the way to go. featuring separate hot and cold taps, we offer a myriad of spout and handle styles to help you find just what you're looking for - and with so many affordable options there's no reason not to upgrade. add to that a plethora of designer finishes and many watersense® models, and you're set with a new centerset. cec compliant watersense certified cec compliant & watersense certified two handle widespread lavatory faucets widespread bathroom faucets are by far one of the most popular styles available today, and with our extensive selection, we're confident you'll find something that suits your style to a tee. from low spouts to high spouts, cross handles or levers, vintage, transitional, or contemporary - many available in a number of designer finishes and several featuring watersense® certification for low-flow faucets, you can't go wrong with one of these lovely two handle faucets. cec compliant watersense certified cec compliant & watersense certified old fashioned basin taps if you want a truly authentic vintage look, these old-fashioned basin taps are the answer. with a myriad of handle choices and classic finishes, these taps are the perfect finishing touch to your victorian bathroom or historic home. contemporary performance and craftsmanship means you don't have to sacrifice quality for style, so choose your set and add a touch of vintage nostalgia to your bathroom today. cec compliant watersense certified cec compliant & watersense certified wall mounted lavatory & vessel sink faucets wall mounted vessel faucets are the ideal solution for smaller bathrooms, and are an easy way to update your style when doing a remodel. they lend a truly unique look to your home and don't take up valuable counter space in tight areas. equally suited for above-counter or in-counter mounted sinks, we offer a variety of styles and designer finishes to make it easy for you to find something you love. cec compliant watersense certified cec compliant & watersense certified deck mounted vessel sink faucets the elegant look of above counter sinks is becoming more and more popular, and these taller vessel faucets are the perfect accompaniment to this style of sink. whether you're looking for a sleek ultra-modern pillar or an ornate victorian-style, you're sure to be pleased with the quality of these lovely faucets. available in a variety of designer finishes to complement your existing fixtures, let these deck mounted vessel faucets help you make a statement in your bathroom. cec compliant watersense certified cec compliant & watersense certified please note: some faucets may be offered in multiple flow rates with varying compliance with cec or watersense requirements. all compliance indicators, available flow rates, and prices noted on this index page are for our customers' convenience only and are subject to change without notice. please check the price and compliance for the flow rate you've chosen on the product page prior to ordering. bathroom faucets related items & information bathroom faucet buying guide how to replace a bathroom faucet commercial handsfree faucets bathroom sinks lavatory sink drains p-traps lavatory supply valves & kits faucet repair parts frequently asked questions q. "what is a widespread faucet?" a. a widespread faucet includes three separate parts that measure from 8 to 16 inches from center to center. q. "what is a centerset?" a. it is a lavatory set that is 4" center to center from handle to handle. q. "what should i look for when purchasing a faucet?" a. many times we're first drawn to the way a faucet looks, it's design and the finishes available - and that's not a bad thing, we all want a stylish, comfortable home. however, there are several other questions you should also be asking: is it easy to get parts? easy to repair and replace parts? is it a true "washer-less" (doesn't mean it won't leak, it will eventually anyway but is usually easier to operate and easier to repair) or not? where is it made? what type of warranty does it have? how long has this model been made? does the manufacturer stand behind their products and how long has that company been in business? is the company that you are buying the faucet from reputable and been in business long enough so that you know you can trust them? q. "why should i choose a watersense labeled faucet?" a. well, the numbers can speak for themselves: it is estimated that by installing watersense labeled faucets and accessories, the average household can save more than 500 gallons per year. most of us know that we can conserve water by turning off the tap when not in use, but many may not know you can save water while using it with the right water saving faucet. the watersense partnership program is sponsored by the epa which provides water conservation and quality guidelines for participating manufacturers. all products with the watersense label have had complete third party certification and testing to ensure they meet the criteria, which is to reduce water use by 20-30 percent with out sacrificing performance and also maintain high quality standards. please note that due to state low-flow regulations, we cannot ship non-watersense certified lavatory faucets or showerheads to customers in colorado. please check to ensure the product you're selecting is watersense certified prior to ordering to help avoid any delays or problems with your order. q. "what kind of products are watersense labeled?" a. bathrooms are by far the largest water users in the home, accounting for more than half of all the water that families use indoors. thus, you can find a wide range of lavatory faucets, showers, and toilets available with the watersense label. just look for notes on the product page for the item(s) you've selected to find out which products we offer that carry watersense certification. q. "what are the new california energy commission water efficiency standards and how does this affect me?" a. effective january 1, 2016, certain plumbing fixtures will be required to comply with new california energy commission requirements for flow rate and water efficiency. since the program began in 1976, it has continually worked to develop standards for energy- and water-using appliances and fixtures that will help californians to conserve energy and water. to help the state deal with current and future drought conditions, only water-saving plumbing fixtures will be legally available for sale in california. products like faucets, toilets, urinals, and shower heads are all affected by the new regulations. sold after january 1, 2016: public lavatory faucets & aerators must have a maximum flow rate of 0.5 gallons per minute or less (at 60psi) kitchen faucets & aerators must have a maximum flow rate of 1.8 gallons per minute or less (at 60psi) - dual function faucets may have an optional temporary flow of 2.2 gallons per minute toilets must use a maximum 1.28 gallons per flush or less - or a dual-flush effective flush volume of 1.28 gallons per flush or less wall mounted urinals must use a maximum 0.125 gallons per flush or less other urinals must use a maximum 0.5 gallons per flush or less sold after july 1, 2016: lavatory faucets & aerators must have a maximum flow rate of 1.2 gallons per minute or less (at 60psi) shower heads must have a maximum flow rate of 2.0 gallons per minute or less (at 80psi) sold after july 1, 2018: shower heads must have a maximum flow rate of 1.8 gallons per minute or less (at 80psi) what this means for the average consumer is that you can rest easy knowing that the product you're getting is compliant with the law - and will help you do your part to save water, our most precious natural resource. additionally, it is important to note that current epa watersense program requirements are not as stringent as the california energy commission requirements. thus, not all watersense products may be compliant with the new laws in california. please be sure to review the specifications of the product you're purchasing prior to placing your order as we cannot ship non-compliant products to our customers in california. q. "what does washer-less mean?" a. any faucet could be 'washer-less', as they come in both the single- and two-handle type. in most washer-less faucets, the control of the water flow is done by a cartridge or arrangement of seals that allow water to flow when the holes or ports are lined up. the design is such that the water flow is basically sheared off. unlike 'washer' types, extra or stronger pressure on the handle will not help stop the water flow. there are many different designs of washer-less cartridges, and some foreign cartridges can be very expensive (imported models). ceramic cartridges are becoming very popular, and have been around for over 20 years. ceramics tend to last longer than other types of cartridges but can cost a lot more when replacing. remember, all faucets will eventually leak. there tends to be less friction and wear and tear with a "washer-less" faucet compared to the older washer-type faucet. q. "why do some faucets cost so much more than others?" a. some faucets are simply made better than others with higher quality material such as solid brass, which generally provides a superior look, performance, and durability. while you may pay more for a quality faucet, you're likely to receive more value for your money as a result of longer, more reliable, trouble-free service. paying more doesn't always mean you'll get a better value, but generally, a more expensive faucet (just like a more expensive appliance, automobile, etc.) does give better and longer service. we recommend that you do shop around once you know the exact brand and model that you want, to avoid paying extra for the exact same faucet or avoid the hassle of dealing with a disreputable retailer. q. "i really like the new "designer" finishes, but i'm wondering if they are as durable as chrome. what do you recommend?" a. in our opinion, nothing beats triple plated chrome for a lifetime of durability. that being said, however, many manufacturers have worked hard to make their other finishes more durable and long-lasting, so it really is a matter of personal preference and use. additionally, many manufacturers now offer special care/cleaning guides with their products to help you maintain the new designer finishes as long as possible. return to top ↑ quote of the day it is easier to know men in general, than men in particular. - francois de la rochefoucauld is there something else you are looking for? search plumbing products: search or - find plumbing supplies starting with: a b c d e f g h i j k l m n o p q r s t u v w x y z home about us contact us how to order shipping feedback disclaimer privacy policy return policy copyright© 1995-2020 plumbingsupply.com.all rights reserved. copyright© 1995-2020 plumbingsupply.com. all rights reserved.