来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20201207021549/https://www.plumbingsupply.com/customers.html
================================================================================

"under-promise...over-perform" is our motto - customer reviews, comments and testimonials about plumbingsupply.com® contact | plumbing terms | help | welcome view cart toggle navigation help view cart contact kitchen residential kitchen index kitchen faucets kitchen sinks garbage disposers basket strainers & stoppers other kitchen accessories commercial kitchen index commercial kitchen faucets commercial kitchen sinks prep tables & work stations racks & carts grease traps & interceptors bathroom residential bathroom index bathroom faucets bathroom sinks complete shower systems shower heads hand showers bathtubs tub spouts tub filler faucets tub & shower seats grab bars towel warmers escutcheons hair dryers towel bars teak bath mats mirrors index bathroom accessories index commercial bathroom index commercial bathroom faucets hand dryers urinals stainless steel toilets flush valves & flushometers restroom signs hotel tub & shower products toilet parts how to find your toilet model number toilet parts index toilet seats index find parts for: american standard toilets briggs toilets case toilets caroma toilets crane toilets delta toilets eljer toilets gerber toilets kohler toilets mansfield toilets porcher toilets toto toilets universal rundle toilets purchase: old-fashioned high tank toilets macerating toilets repair parts plumbing tools pipe repair kits tapes - duct, strapping, rescue faucet repair parts garbage disposer repair parts shut-off valves water supply flex lines p-traps & drain parts water heater repair parts pipe & fittings pipe fittings index pipe & tubing index brass fittings brass ips fittings chrome-plated brass ips fittings brass compression fittings brass flare fittings pvc fittings standard pvc fittings pvc compression fittings quick repair pvc fittings cpvc fittings copper copper fittings rigid copper pipe copper tubing push-to-connect fittings sharkbite fittings quick connect fittings uv resistant push-fit fittings pipe clamps pipe clamps hose clamps pipe hangers j-hooks pipe brackets more plumbing products ada compliant & independent living aids drains - sink, shower, floor, & more drain cleaning equipment drinking fountains flood prevention products medical/healthcare facility products outdoor & garden products pumps - sump, sewage, effluent, & more sinks & related accessories steam & sauna products tankless water heaters water filters plumbing projects & information a to z product index kitchen residential kitchen index commercial kitchen index residential kitchen faucets kitchen sinks garbage disposers basket strainers & stoppers other kitchen accessories commercial commercial kitchen faucets commercial kitchen sinks prep tables & work stations racks & carts grease traps & interceptors bathroom residential bathroom index commercial bathroom index mirrors index residential bathroom faucets bathroom sinks showers complete shower systems shower heads hand showers shower drains & drain covers bathtubs & related items bathtubs tub spouts tub filler faucets tub & shower seats grab bars towel warmers escutcheons more bathroom accessories bathroom accessories index hair dryers towel bars teak bath mats adjustable medicine cabinets commercial commercial bathroom faucets hand dryers urinals stainless steel toilets flush valves & flushometers restroom signs hotel tub & shower products toilet parts toilet parts index toilet seats index how to find toilet model find parts for: american standard toilets briggs toilets case toilets caroma toilets crane toilets delta toilets eljer toilets gerber toilets kohler toilets mansfield toilets porcher toilets toto toilets universal rundle toilets purchase: old-fashioned high tank toilets macerating toilets repair parts faucet repair parts garbage disposer repair parts shut-off valves water supply flex lines p-traps & drain parts water heater repair parts plumbing tools pipe repair kits tapes - duct, strapping, rescue pipe & fittings pipe fittings index pipe & tubing index fittings brass brass ips fittings chrome-plated brass ips fittings brass compression fittings brass flare fittings pvc standard pvc fittings pvc compression fittings quick repair pvc fittings cpvc fittings copper copper fittings rigid copper pipe copper tubing sharkbite & push-fit sharkbite fittings quick connect fittings uv resistant push-fit fittings pipe clamps pipe clamps hose clamps pipe hangers j-hooks pipe brackets more plumbing projects & information ada compliant & independent living aids drains drain cleaning equipment drinking fountains flood prevention products medical/healthcare facility products outdoor & garden products pumps - sump, sewage, effluent, & more sinks & related accessories steam & sauna products tankless water heaters water filters search skip to main content ×close menu residential kitchen products commercial kitchen products residential bathroom products commercial bathroom products toilet repair parts toilet seats pipe fittings pipe & tubing plumbing tools complete pumps index pump controllers ada compliant products drains drain cleaning equipment drinking fountains flood prevention products outdoor & garden products sinks & related accessories steam & sauna products tankless water heaters water heater repair parts water filters plumbing projects & information the premier online plumbing supplier since 1995 a b c d e f g h i j k l m n o p q r s t u v w x y z same day shipping for in-stock orders processed by 7pm est m-f real customer testimonials we are very proud of our customer satisfaction rate - page 1 of our real customer testimonial pages - « 1(current) 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 » rest assured that every single testimonial on our site is 100% real - given to us by real customers just like you. if you've been pleased by our service, feel free to write us with your own testimonial to add to our site or leave us a review on our facebook or google+ pages. if for some reason you feel our service was less than top-notch, please contact us and let us know. as you can see here, we continually strive to make your shopping experience exceptional and are dedicated to fixing the problem if it's not. your privacy is very important to us so please note: every customer that is shown here or elsewhere on our site has given us written permission to quote him or her and display their information on our site. we will not quote you unless we have your written permission, and as with all of our customers, we will never give, share or sell your e-mail address to anyone! here are quotes from some of our many tens of thousands of satisfied customers: "this is my third order and the service has been fantastic. you have a great online store. keep up the good work." - patricia frydryck, salem, new hampshire 03079-5878 "you guys go above and beyond which is why i keep coming back. the level of service you have provided me is far better than even my local specialty plumbing store provides, and you are over 1000 miles away. keep up the good work." and previously on another order: "you provided me help and the information i needed...i look forward to doing all my plumbing related business with you in the future...i will refer anyone." - andy riem, granger, indiana 46530-6702 "we just received our first order from your company. we are very impressed with the quality and speed of our delivery. also, the price was unbeatable! well done!!!!" - michael pozderac, mount vernon, ohio 43050-9013 "i've ordered from you all a number of times, and really appreciate the attention you give to small individual customers." - melinda johansson, wilmington, north carolina 28403 "we wanted to tell you how pleased we are with our purchases. it's companies like yours that give online retailers a good name. you have great pricing, an amazing selection of products, and wonderful customer service. the only downfall is that we didn't find your site sooner. thank you and keep up the good work. we look forward to doing business with your company again, and we'll refer all of our friends and family." - michael, ember, cole, and riley travinski, skamania, washington 98648 "fyi, i've been supervising/managing internet fulfillment warehousing for several years and rarely do i have an internet order handled with the professionalism and expertise as i've come to expect from my own team/company. your company did a fantastic job from order placement to delivery. thank you and keep up the good work." - ron gerry huth, woodland hills, california 95695 "thank you for your great customer service and follow up with this order.....being in the service industry myself (realtor and previously in the restaurant business) i understand the importance of great customer service and letting others know - feel free to quote me and use my name, town and state. keep up the good work." - kathy sollien, realtor, bennington, vermont 05257 "i want to personally thank you for your excellent customer service. it is always a pleasure dealing with a respectable company. we (my client & i) loved the products and are so happy to find the features and quality that we sought. thanks again for the excellent service. i look forward once again to continued business." - joe cuttris, joseph cuttris designs inc, washington d.c., 20015 "your company is totally unbelievable!!!! ....we originally ordered from you because the price was way, way lower than anyone else we could find. now we will also add superior service to that, you are fantastic!!!!!.....your company is awesome!!! every time i walk into our main bathroom and notice the part that i received from you, i am amazed once again about your outstanding service! it is so reassuring to know that there are still companies who actually do what they promise and who put the customer first! thanks again for your terrific prices, quality, and service!." - cynthia ackerman, galt, california 95632 "it is a pleasure to deal with a company that is so customer service oriented in this day and age when there is so little customer service being offered. i was in the service industry for over 40 years prior to retirement....thanks again for the great service." - paul j. stein, cooper city, florida 33026-1006 "i am extremely impressed with your superior customer focus and service!...i work in management for a large us retailer and only wish we had this sense of urgency, follow-up and follow-thru as you do! many organizations claim and attempt to under promise and over deliver, you do this remarkably well!" - tom arndts, albion, michigan 49224-1805 "your service is first class from the order taking, to the shipping, and the merchandise......it is a pleasure to do business with professionals like those at plumbingsupply.com®. ....i'm happy to share with others that they can expect top quality and top service when they do business with plumbingsupply.com®." - kitty a. dugan, financial advisor, 1st global capital corp., barrows wealth management, chambersburg, pennsylvania 17201 "it's been a real pleasure to deal with such a professional company who cares about their customers. you'll be the company i deal with from now on! thanks again." - michael oley, wilmington, massachusetts 01887-3331 "...we are very ingratiated to you - for your attention, your expedience, your overall service... your company's service is above and beyond... we will never go anywhere else and i hope to be sending you future business... your newest fan." - connie dove, houde home construction, inc, cape neddick, maine 03902 "...wow. thanks for the great service....if there would be more companies out there like yours, believe me, we wouldn't be outsourcing all the business that we have over the last few years." - chuck sutton, port saint lucie, florida 34983-1615 "what a service! i am very happy and i thank you, for expediting my order so fast and with a personal touch. it has been a pleasure doing business with you." - richard szymanski, muskegon, michigan 49441-4227 "recently purchased same item from you. it worked so well that i am buying a second one. it was a great product at a fair price." - garvis w. toler, burke, virginia 22015 "everything you said on your site was true! i like your straightforward, no nonsense approach....i am more than happy to endorse your services and hope that it helps someone who is teetering on the edge of not ordering to throw care to the wind and order. they won't be disappointed ...... i will certainly remember you and your group and have already shared your web page with several colleagues in my office. i need to take lessons from you!" - shari padfield, firm yield pollen international, yakima, washington & portland oregon "you guys run a web business the way a web business oughta be run... i sent a link to your website to all my buddies... keep up the good work." - mark van horne, bellevue, washington 98006 "i want to thank you for the outstanding service you provided me. you were exceptionally helpful in working out the small details to make my installation just perfect. you and your group are to be commended for your attention to detail and just being a great e-commerce site." - james butkus, hollywood, florida 33019-1020 your privacy is very important to us so please note: every customer that is shown here or elsewhere on our site has given us written permission to quote him or her and display their information on our site. we will not quote you unless we have your written permission, and as with all of our customers, we will never give, share or sell your e-mail address to anyone! "hello from the land of the rising sun. received the order wednesday here in japan. thanks for all of the assistance and great service. it will be a pleasure to utilize your company for future purchases... your staff treated my order as if it was a million dollar sale... from the very first day i placed my order to the day i received my order, not once did you guys drop the ball or did i worry about my order. your company helped me regain faith in purchasing from the states now knowing that there remains companies that truly care about their customers needs." - toney c. field, apo/fpo ap 96306-1220 "i am unsure how many times i have purchased through your company, but i can assure you that i have always been pleased with the entire transaction. many thanks." - maurice simons, bark river, michigan 49807 "thank you for offering such a hard to find items. better pricing than lowes and home depot.....thanks again for your companies attention in the follow up and ordering process." - alis archibeque, moreno valley, california 92557 "...after several blood pressure raising phone calls to various local plumbing supply houses i found it on your site the first try. well done and thanks again...you guys run a good operation and folks should know it...i have told several people about you guys. hopefully i can send you some business...thanks again for the great service." - lee leonard, crozet, virginia 22932 "excellent and very prompt response ... to my initial e-mail question. i had great difficulty in filling my need and the prompt response enabled me to not have to order from an overseas supplier. thanks so much." - pam mullen, marietta, georgia 30068-3625 "i have read some of the testimonials offered on your web site and i have to agree with them, you folks certainly perform above standard... many thanks." - jeff whooten, goffstown, new hampshire 03045-1610 "please let your management know that they have a group of truly customer-oriented employees - something that's increasingly difficult to find these days. thank you!" - mary hartshorn, san antonio, texas 78239-2040 "glad you guys pay attention to what people think. that's why you're good at keeping customers happy." - fred watts, overland park, kansas 66212-1743 "...i especially appreciate when companies stick by their mottos...so i think your motto 'our goal is to underpromise and over overperform' holds true. thanks!" - suzanna yamamoto, pinole, california 94564-2380 "thank you for incredible service!." - the millers, tucson, arizona 85730 "i received my order in a very timely fashion. it doesn't seem like people go the extra mile these days. thank you for going the extra mile." - laura clark, crofton, kentucky 42217-7312 "as a matter of fact, i'm about to order some additional parts because the first set worked perfectly. thanks for having the best plumbing web site on the net" - mark webb, fairfax, virginia 22033-1251 "...let me mention my gratitude in dealing with a company that not only has a great selection of products but the integrity to back up their merchandise. ...i'll be a regular customer...you can use my name & e-mail, that's ok w/ me. i'd be happy to help promote your store." - karl toubman, kamuela, hawaii 96743-8450 "thank you for the excellent service. if everyone i dealt with were as efficient and customers service oriented as your company, life would be much more simple. thank you for all your help." - l. flowers, denton, texas 76207 "...you have excellent service. it was very easy to order your products online, and i always received very prompt responses to my inquiries. thank you for your great customer service!" - betsy martin, san francisco, california 94122-3709 "...i have been hesitant to purchase on line, many of the people i have spoken to don't have too many good things to say about the experience... i can say that my the experience has been a pleasant one. i will be sure to recommend the plumbing supply group to friends who shop on line, and especially to those who don't... i will be sure to tell others of your excellent customer service." - chester thompson, naples, florida 34119-1504 "thanks for the great packaging and shipping... i couldn't believe it arrived so quickly, in great shape, ... thanks, too, for the great communication as my order progressed. you folks are the best." - joann lovelace, austin, texas 78750-7872 "i am impressed with the way you do business. i made a second order, late on friday evening and received it in the mail by noon on monday. i like the way you do business." - kem bales, muleshoe, texas 79347-4215 "thanks again for the quick reply and all the help. it's not easy to find a company that will go out of it's way for the customer." - mark mccawley, cornelius, oregon 97113-6818 "i had a question about the dimensions of the item and dropped customer service an e-mail. they responded promptly, advised that the part i was inquiring about was only made for a specific item and might not work for what i wanted it for, but provided accurate dimensions. i ordered the part... 4 days after i asked a question, i have the part installed and it works great. thanks! i looked everywhere for the part... and was having problems finding it. will order from you guys again!" - mark rediker, roseburg, oregon 97470-7602 "thank you for being so prompt. i will tell others of your attention to me. thanks again." - wayne pudivitr, crescent city, california 95531-8563 your privacy is very important to us so please note: every customer that is shown here or elsewhere on our site has given us written permission to quote him or her and display their information on our site. we will not quote you unless we have your written permission, and as with all of our customers, we will never give, share or sell your e-mail address to anyone! "i just want to say thank you very much for the quick service and fast shipping! i will certainly be buying from you again." - fernando gutierrez, earth city, missouri 63045-1102 "i just received my package and they are wonderful!!! thanks again for your service." - pamela miller, indianapolis, indiana 46220-4411 "you have definitely met your company's goal to "under-promise and over-perform"." - raquel lackey, bellevue, washington 98009-3031 "i certainly will remember you! ......thank you so much for the prompt delivery and classic customer service." - kathy hochberg, easton pennsylvania 18045-4941 "i don't really have a question and i don't have a complaint. what i have is nothing but compliments and gold stars. i have a price pfister pull-out kitchen faucet that was not working properly (spray head). after trying a "universal fit" replacement from a big box store that did not even come close to fitting, i came across your website in a google search. after looking at the images of two available spray heads, i placed an order on wednesday, november 26 at 11:35 am. the order was acknowledged as "received at 11:50 am and an email confirming shipment was sent 1:00 pm the very same day. i received the spray head today and it fits perfectly. couldn't be more pleased- only wish i had found you sooner as it would have saved me many frustrating days with a bad spray head, i think that you more than lived up to your motto on your shipping envelope "underpromise, overperform, exceptional service". i have no doubt that if in the future i am in need of anything similar, i'll check your website first. excellent job and thank you." - cynthia hutton, tampa, florida 33626-1715 "your service truly is excellent and i have already mentioned your site to others. i am a firm believer in supporting companies that i feel are of quality such as yours." - bob roig, barrington, illinois 60010-4461 "my order is complete and your exemplary service assures my use of your products so long as they are available. super service!!!!!" - wilbur sourbeck, grantville, pennsylvania 17028-9311 "i want to thank you for your super fast delivery - what unbelievable service. thank you, thank you, thank you and you are now a shortcut icon on my pc desktop." - vanessa zumwalt, university place, washington 98466-5609 "love your website - you make it soooo easy!" - celina boucher, yukon, oklahoma 73099-6861 "....and i just wanted to say - thank you very much. great service and great results." - king jenks, rocklin, california 95677-2231 "i am thrilled to have found you! thanks!" - june lucas, mineral ridge, ohio 44440-9721 "good to do business with you and the product arrived faster that expected and in good shape." - edward elliott, apollo beach, florida 33572-2227 "parts arrived this morning and have solved my problem. thanks for the great service and for the thoughtfulness in changing the shipping method." - michael friedman, novato, california 94945-1539 "your site was no-nonsense and intuitive. because of your quality, access availability, delivery and prices, you are "virtually" friendlier than my local hardware store." - kelley clond, siloam springs, arizona 72761-2229 "you have been very helpful in getting my order in place." - kevin dompe, los angeles, california 90046-7751 "i appreciate the quick handling of my order. looking forward to doing business with you in the future." - nick vonno, melbourne, florida 32932-5727 "just wanted to thank you for all your assistance in getting me this item. i appreciate the extent you went through to assist me. thank you again." - cathy castro, mongmong, guam 96910 "everything was exactly as pictured. i appreciate your staff and excellent handling of my order. you have a great organization!" - jeffrey miller, greensboro, north carolina 27407-5049 "i must say that i am very impressed with your company and your professionalism. competent customer service is so rare these days, i had forgotten what it feels like to experience it!" - bob desjardins, altamonte springs, florida 32714-7207 "i am in awe of your operation! one half hour ago i received shipment (impeccably, meticulously packed)... it arrived less than 30 hours after the order was placed. we just wanted you to know that you have made this couple in palo alto very, very happy." - marlys keoshian, palo alto, california 94301-3607 your privacy is very important to us so please note: every customer that is shown here or elsewhere on our site has given us written permission to quote him or her and display their information on our site. we will not quote you unless we have your written permission, and as with all of our customers, we will never give, share or sell your e-mail address to anyone! "i would like to take this opportunity to thank you for your superior service....and believe with the service standards that you have provided us, you and your staff will grow from strength to strength. your company has honestly created a magic moment for us by exceeding our expectations.... once again congratulations on a job incredibly well done." - louise hattingh, redco construction, key west, florida 33040-4680 "yes, you do underpromise and overperform. this is my second time ordering from you and i am very pleased with your service. thanks for all the hard work......go ahead and use the comment, you deserve it." - timothy seward, pocatello, idaho, 83201-4406 "the part arrived today. thanks for the prompt reply. this was certainly a pleasant and unexpected response. very good public relations." - john cullom, catonsville, maryland 21228-5215 "it's great to do business with organizations who respond to customer needs in a quick and courteous manner as you do. thank you." - john wright, pittsburgh, pennsylvania 15205-2818 "this is my first order with you and i'm really impressed with your customer service." - nguyen anh dung, ho chi minh, vietnam 96521-0002 - page 1 of our real customer testimonial pages - « 1(current) 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 » your privacy is very important to us so please note: every customer that is shown here or elsewhere on our site has given us written permission to quote him or her and display their information on our site. we will not quote you unless we have your written permission, and as with all of our customers, we will never give, share or sell your e-mail address to anyone! return to top ↑ quote of the day the important thing is not to stop questioning. curiosity has its own reason for existing. - albert einstein is there something else you are looking for? search plumbing products: search or - find plumbing supplies starting with: a b c d e f g h i j k l m n o p q r s t u v w x y z home about us contact us how to order shipping feedback disclaimer privacy policy return policy copyright© 1995-2020 plumbingsupply.com.all rights reserved. copyright© 1995-2020 plumbingsupply.com. all rights reserved.