来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20211223163952/https://www.plumbingsupply.com/quotes.html
================================================================================

our founder's favorite quotes contact | plumbing terms | help | welcome view cart toggle navigation help view cart contact kitchen residential kitchen index kitchen faucets kitchen sinks garbage disposers basket strainers & stoppers other kitchen accessories commercial kitchen index commercial kitchen faucets commercial kitchen sinks prep tables & work stations racks & carts grease traps & interceptors bathroom residential bathroom index bathroom faucets bathroom sinks complete shower systems shower heads hand showers bathtubs tub spouts tub filler faucets tub & shower seats grab bars towel warmers escutcheons hair dryers towel bars teak bath mats mirrors index bathroom accessories index commercial bathroom index commercial bathroom faucets hand dryers urinals stainless steel toilets flush valves & flushometers restroom signs hotel tub & shower products toilet parts how to find your toilet model number toilet parts index toilet seats index find parts for: american standard toilets briggs toilets case toilets caroma toilets crane toilets delta toilets eljer toilets gerber toilets kohler toilets mansfield toilets porcher toilets toto toilets universal rundle toilets purchase: old-fashioned high tank toilets macerating toilets repair parts plumbing tools pipe repair kits tapes - duct, strapping, rescue faucet repair parts garbage disposer repair parts shut-off valves water supply flex lines p-traps & drain parts water heater repair parts pipe & fittings pipe fittings index pipe & tubing index brass fittings brass ips fittings chrome-plated brass ips fittings brass compression fittings brass flare fittings pvc fittings standard pvc fittings pvc compression fittings quick repair pvc fittings cpvc fittings copper copper fittings rigid copper pipe copper tubing push-to-connect fittings sharkbite fittings quick connect fittings uv resistant push-fit fittings pipe clamps pipe clamps hose clamps pipe hangers j-hooks pipe brackets more plumbing products ada compliant & independent living aids drains - sink, shower, floor, & more drain cleaning equipment drinking fountains flood prevention products medical/healthcare facility products outdoor & garden products pumps - sump, sewage, effluent, & more sinks & related accessories steam & sauna products tankless water heaters water filters plumbing projects & information a to z product index kitchen residential kitchen index commercial kitchen index residential kitchen faucets kitchen sinks garbage disposers basket strainers & stoppers other kitchen accessories commercial commercial kitchen faucets commercial kitchen sinks prep tables & work stations racks & carts grease traps & interceptors bathroom residential bathroom index commercial bathroom index mirrors index residential bathroom faucets bathroom sinks showers complete shower systems shower heads hand showers shower drains & drain covers bathtubs & related items bathtubs tub spouts tub filler faucets tub & shower seats grab bars towel warmers escutcheons more bathroom accessories bathroom accessories index hair dryers towel bars teak bath mats adjustable medicine cabinets commercial commercial bathroom faucets hand dryers urinals stainless steel toilets flush valves & flushometers restroom signs hotel tub & shower products toilet parts toilet parts index toilet seats index how to find toilet model find parts for: american standard toilets briggs toilets case toilets caroma toilets crane toilets delta toilets eljer toilets gerber toilets kohler toilets mansfield toilets porcher toilets toto toilets universal rundle toilets purchase: old-fashioned high tank toilets macerating toilets repair parts faucet repair parts garbage disposer repair parts shut-off valves water supply flex lines p-traps & drain parts water heater repair parts plumbing tools pipe repair kits tapes - duct, strapping, rescue pipe & fittings pipe fittings index pipe & tubing index fittings brass brass ips fittings chrome-plated brass ips fittings brass compression fittings brass flare fittings pvc standard pvc fittings pvc compression fittings quick repair pvc fittings cpvc fittings copper copper fittings rigid copper pipe copper tubing sharkbite & push-fit sharkbite fittings quick connect fittings uv resistant push-fit fittings pipe clamps pipe clamps hose clamps pipe hangers j-hooks pipe brackets more plumbing projects & information ada compliant & independent living aids drains drain cleaning equipment drinking fountains flood prevention products medical/healthcare facility products outdoor & garden products pumps - sump, sewage, effluent, & more sinks & related accessories steam & sauna products tankless water heaters water filters search skip to main content ×close menu residential kitchen products commercial kitchen products residential bathroom products commercial bathroom products toilet repair parts toilet seats pipe fittings pipe & tubing plumbing tools complete pumps index pump controllers ada compliant products drains drain cleaning equipment drinking fountains flood prevention products outdoor & garden products sinks & related accessories steam & sauna products tankless water heaters water heater repair parts water filters plumbing projects & information the premier online plumbing supplier since 1995 a b c d e f g h i j k l m n o p q r s t u v w x y z same day shipping for in-stock orders processed by 7pm est m-f home welcome vic - our founder vic's favorite quotes our founder's favorite quotes: "those who cannot change their minds cannot change anything." - george bernard shaw "to talk goodness is not good... only to do it is." - chinese proverb "well done is better than well said." - benjamin franklin "when you consider the contributions that plumbing and sanitation make to the quality of all of our lives, then much of the other things that we do just seem so much less significant. my goal is for us to provide top quality plumbing products, with fair, low prices, with the best service, sent to the most people that we can." - vic - our founder 1995 "we don't see things as they are, we see them as we are." - anais nin "it's great to be great, but its greater to be human." - will rogers "the best way to cheer yourself up: cheer everybody else up." - mark twain "take time to repair the roof when the sun is shining." - president john f. kennedy "success is a journey, not a destination." - ben sweetland "to love what you do and feel that it matters - how could anything be more fun?" - katherine graham "the first key to greatness is to be in reality what we appear to be." - socrates "how wonderful it is that nobody need wait a single moment before starting to improve the world." - anne frank "try not to be a person of success, but rather a person of virtue." - albert einstein "society is nothing without good plumbing. what the world's poorest one billion need more than doctors, good roads, the internet and even electricity, is quality drinking water and safe sewage disposal." - vic - our founder 2001 "the man who follows the crowd will usually get no further than the crowd. the man who walks alone is likely to find himself in places no one has ever been." - alan ashley-pitt "a journey of a thousand miles begins with a single step." - lao-tzu "keep constantly in mind in how many things you yourself have witnessed change already. the universe is change; life is understanding." - marcus aurelius. emperor and philosopher "the man who is swimming against the stream knows the strength of it." - woodrow wilson "do all the good you can, by all the means you can,in all the ways you can, in all the places you can,at all the times you can, to all the people you can,as long as ever you can." - john wesley "most of us are about as happy as we make our minds up to be." - president abraham lincoln "i find the great thing in this world is not so much where we stand, as in what direction we are moving." - oliver wendell holmes, jr. "any darn fool can make something complex; it takes a genius to make something simple." - pete seeger "believe nothing, no matter where you read it, or who said it - even if i have said it - unless it agrees with your own reason and your own common sense." - the buddha "the best thing about the future is that it comes one day at a time." - president abraham lincoln "there are two ways to live your life. one is as though nothing is a miracle. the other is as though everything is a miracle." - albert einstein "communism won't work because people like to own stuff." - frank zappa "think not those faithful who praise all thy words and actions, but those who kindly reprove thy faults." - socrates, philosopher "not all readers become leaders. but all leaders must be readers." - harry truman "a cynic is a man who knows the price of everything, and the value of nothing." - oscar wilde "change is not merely necessary to life - it is life." - alvin toffler "poor is a state of mind. broke is a state of wallet. you can fix being broke; it's not so easy to fix being poor." - ric edelman "words are plentiful; deeds are precious." - lech walesa (polish nobel prize winner) "you don't need a weatherman to know which way the wind blows." - bob dylan "the man who does not read good books has no advantage over the man who can't read them. " - mark twain there are two ways to be rich: make more - desire less." "there is no question that our health has improved spectacularly in the past century. one thing seems certain: it did not happen because of medicine, or medical science, or even the presence of doctors. "much of the credit should go to the plumbers and engineers of the western world. the contamination of drinking water by human feces was at one time the greatest cause of human disease and death for us...(but) when the plumbers and sanitary engineers had done their work in the construction of our cities, these diseases began to vanish. " - lewis thomas (medical researcher and essayist) your reputation is made by others. your character is made by you." "the whole world changes everyday and you don't need to leave home to find something new and interesting in it." - ken devol one machine can do the combined work of fifty ordinary men. there is no machine that can do the work of one extraordinary man." "creativity is allowing yourself to make mistakes. art is knowing which ones to keep." - scott adams "tell me, i may forget;show me, then i may remember; but involve me, and i'll understand." - a chinese proverb "good things come to those who wait, but only the things left over by those who hustle." - president abraham lincoln "be thankful we're not getting all the government we're paying for." - will rogers ricky ricardo: "there you go again, wanting something that you haven't got." lucy ricardo: "i do not. i just want to see what i haven't got that i don't want." "what if everything is an illusion and nothing exists? in that case, i definitely overpaid for my carpet." - woody allen speak softly and wear a loud shirt "the fool doth think he is wise, but the wiseman knows himself to be a fool." - as you like it "an invasion of armies can be resisted,but not an idea whose time has come." - victor hugo "the customer (client) is the most important visitor on our premises. he/she is not dependent on us. we are dependent on him/her. he/she is not an interruption in our work. he/she is the purpose of it. he/she is not an outsider in our business. he/she is a part of it. we are not doing him/her a favour by serving him/her. he/she is doing us a favour by giving us an opportunity to do so." - "mahatma" m.k. gandhi "the ultimate measure of a man is not where he stands in moments of comfort and convenience, but where he stands at times of challenge and controversy." - martin luther king "you cannot bring about prosperity by discouraging thrift. you cannot strengthen the weak by weakening the strong. you cannot help the wage earner by pulling down the wage payer. you cannot further the brotherhood of man by encouraging class hatred. you cannot help the poor by destroying the rich. you cannot keep out of trouble by spending more than you earn. you cannot build character and courage by taking away man's initiative and independence. you cannot help men permanently by doing for them what they could and should do for themselves." - rev. william j.h. boetcker "show me a thoroughly satisfied man and i will show you a failure." - thomas edison "when you buy, use your eyes and your mind, not your ears." - czech proverb "when i was a young lad in school, my teacher said, 'sit on that stool.' and so i sat, with a paper hat,that was worn by a dunce or a fool." - albert einstein "i may disagree with everything you say, but will defend unto death your right to say it." - voltaire "the world is round and the place which may seem like the end may also be only the beginning." - ivy baker priest no rain, no rainbows experience is something you don't usually get until just after you need it. tell the truth, there's less to remember "time heals all things - except a leaky faucet." - sam ewing "work only a half a day. it makes no difference which half - the first 12 hours or the last 12 hours." - kemmons wilson "democracy is the worst form of government except for all the others." - winston churchill never judge a day by the weather. "to be 70 years young is far more hopeful than to be 40 years old." - oliver wendell holmes, jr "don't take yourself too seriously.and don't be too serious about not taking yourself too seriously." - howard ogden beauty is internal - looks mean nothing. "if money is your hope for independence you will never have it. the only real security that a man can have is a reserve of knowledge, experience and ability." - henry ford "whether you think that you can or that you can't, you are usually right." - henry ford never get into a pissing contest with a skunk. "goodwill is the one and only asset that competition cannot undersell or destroy." - marshall field whenever your bladder is full - you go deaf. today's dreams become tomorrow's realities. do not belittle the practical dreamer, for he or she is the forerunner of civilization. "i would like to be allowed to admire a man's opinion as i would his dog - without being expected to take it home with me. " - frank a clark "don't put a limit on what can be accomplished." - christopher reeve "i do the best i know how, the very best i can,and i mean to keep doing so until the end." - president abraham lincoln "the only way to have a friend is to be one." - ralph waldo emerson the people that are crazy enough to think they can change the world are the ones that do. if all you have is a hammer then everything looks like a nail. "face piles of trials with smiles. it riles them to believe that you perceive the web they weave. and keep on thinking free." - the moody blues "time is the coin of life. only you can determine how it will be spent." - carl sandburg "carpe diem, quam minimum credula a postero." "seize the day, and put the least possible trust in tomorrow." - horace "if you would be a real seeker after truth, it is necessary that at least once in your life you doubt, as far as possible, all things." - rene descartes, philosopher "every man must decide whether he will walk in the light of creative altruism or in the darkness of destructive selfishness." - martin luther king jr. "anyone who stops learning is old, whether at twenty or eighty. anyone who keeps learning stays young. the greatest thing in life is to keep your mind young." - henry ford "plan for the future because that's where you are going to spend the rest of your life." - mark twain "lack of money is the root of all evil." - george bernard shaw life is a boomerang. it brings you back what you send out. "it is better to wear out than rust out." - george whitefield "an adventure is only an inconvenience, rightly considered." - g. k. chesterton "an excellent plumber is infinitely more admirable than an incompetent philosopher. the society that scorns excellence in plumbing just because plumbing is a humble activity, and tolerates shoddiness in philosophy because it is an exalted activity, will have neither good plumbing nor good philosophy. neither its pipes nor its philosophy will hold water." - john william gardner "to see what is right and not do it is want of courage." - confucius, philosopher goals are deceptive - the unaimed arrow never misses. "you can hype a questionable product for a little while, but you'll never build an enduring business." - victor kiam "instead of comparing our lot with that of those who are more fortunate than we are, we should compare it with the lot of the great majority of our fellow men. it then appears that we are among the privileged." - helen keller attitude isn't the only thing, attitude is everything! time is nature's way of keeping everything from happening at once. he who dies with the most toys...... still dies! "success is simply a matter of luck. ask any failure." - earl wilson, newspaper columnist "my father worked for the same firm for twelve years. they fired him. they replaced him with a gadget this big. it does everything that my father does, only it does it much better. the depressing thing is my mother ran out and bought one." - woody allen "if columbus had had an advisory committee, he'd probably still be at the dock." - arther goldberg - former supreme court "it is good to have money and the things that money can buy, but it's good too, to check up once in a while and make sure you haven't lost the things money can't buy." - george lorimer "everyone has his burden. what counts is how you carry it." - merle miller - writer "a fine quotation is a diamond on the finger of a witty person, but a pebble in the hands of a fool." - john roux "the best things in life aren't things." (except for toilet paper) return to top ↑ quote of the day we may be through with the past, but the past isn't through with us. - movie = magnolia is there something else you are looking for? search plumbing products: search or - find plumbing supplies starting with: a b c d e f g h i j k l m n o p q r s t u v w x y z home about us contact us how to order shipping feedback disclaimer privacy policy return policy copyright© 1995-2020 plumbingsupply.com.all rights reserved. copyright© 1995-2020 plumbingsupply.com. all rights reserved.