来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20231207012535/https://www.plumbingsupply.com/return.html
================================================================================

our return - shipping damage - defect policy plumbing terms | help | welcome view cart toggle navigation cart kitchen residential kitchen index kitchen faucets kitchen sinks garbage disposers basket strainers & stoppers other kitchen accessories commercial kitchen index commercial kitchen faucets commercial kitchen sinks prep tables & work stations racks & carts grease traps & interceptors bathroom residential bathroom index bathroom faucets bathroom sinks complete shower systems shower heads hand showers bathtubs tub spouts tub filler faucets tub & shower seats grab bars towel warmers escutcheons hair dryers towel bars teak bath mats mirrors index bathroom accessories index commercial bathroom index commercial bathroom faucets hand dryers urinals stainless steel toilets flush valves & flushometers restroom signs hotel tub & shower products toilet parts how to find your toilet model number toilet parts index toilet seats index find parts for: american standard toilets briggs toilets case toilets caroma toilets crane toilets delta toilets eljer toilets gerber toilets kohler toilets mansfield toilets porcher toilets toto toilets universal rundle toilets purchase: old-fashioned high tank toilets macerating toilets repair parts plumbing tools pipe repair kits tapes - duct, strapping, rescue faucet repair parts garbage disposer repair parts shut-off valves water supply flex lines p-traps & drain parts water heater repair parts pipe & fittings pipe fittings index pipe & tubing index brass fittings brass ips fittings chrome-plated brass ips fittings brass compression fittings brass flare fittings pvc fittings standard pvc fittings pvc compression fittings quick repair pvc fittings cpvc fittings copper copper fittings rigid copper pipe copper tubing push-to-connect fittings sharkbite fittings quick connect fittings uv resistant push-fit fittings pipe clamps pipe clamps hose clamps pipe hangers j-hooks pipe brackets more plumbing products ada compliant & independent living aids drains - sink, shower, floor, & more drain cleaning equipment drinking fountains flood prevention products medical/healthcare facility products outdoor & garden products pumps - sump, sewage, effluent, & more sinks & related accessories tankless water heaters water filters plumbing projects & information a to z product index kitchen residential kitchen index commercial kitchen index residential kitchen faucets kitchen sinks garbage disposers basket strainers & stoppers other kitchen accessories commercial commercial kitchen faucets commercial kitchen sinks prep tables & work stations racks & carts grease traps & interceptors bathroom residential bathroom index commercial bathroom index mirrors index residential bathroom faucets bathroom sinks showers complete shower systems shower heads hand showers shower drains & drain covers bathtubs & related items bathtubs tub spouts tub filler faucets tub & shower seats grab bars towel warmers escutcheons more bathroom accessories bathroom accessories index towel bars teak bath mats adjustable medicine cabinets commercial commercial bathroom faucets hand dryers urinals stainless steel toilets flush valves & flushometers restroom signs hotel tub & shower products toilet parts toilet parts index toilet seats index how to find toilet model find parts for: american standard toilets briggs toilets case toilets caroma toilets crane toilets delta toilets eljer toilets gerber toilets kohler toilets mansfield toilets porcher toilets toto toilets universal rundle toilets purchase: macerating toilets repair parts faucet repair parts garbage disposer repair parts shut-off valves water supply flex lines p-traps & drain parts water heater repair parts plumbing tools pipe repair kits tapes - duct, strapping, rescue pipe & fittings pipe fittings index pipe & tubing index fittings brass brass ips fittings chrome-plated brass ips fittings brass compression fittings brass flare fittings pvc standard pvc fittings pvc compression fittings quick repair pvc fittings cpvc fittings copper copper fittings rigid copper pipe copper tubing sharkbite & push-fit sharkbite fittings quick connect fittings uv resistant push-fit fittings pipe clamps pipe clamps hose clamps pipe hangers j-hooks pipe brackets other plumbing projects & information ada compliant & independent living aids drains drain cleaning equipment drinking fountains flood prevention products medical/healthcare facility products outdoor & garden products pumps - sump, sewage, effluent, & more sinks & related accessories tankless water heaters water filters search skip to main content ×close menu residential kitchen products commercial kitchen products residential bathroom products commercial bathroom products toilet repair parts toilet seats pipe fittings pipe & tubing plumbing tools complete pumps index pump controllers ada compliant products drains drain cleaning equipment drinking fountains flood prevention products outdoor & garden products sinks & related accessories steam & sauna products tankless water heaters water heater repair parts water filters plumbing projects & information the premier online plumbing supplier since 1995 a b c d e f g h i j k l m n o p q r s t u v w x y z same day shipping for most in-stock orders processed by 6pm est m-f home help return policy & faqs return information we are dedicated to assuring that you will get top quality products, along with our excellent customer service. all of our plumbing supplies come with the full manufacturer's warranty. do you need to return a product? request an rga number on our page, via our easy-to-use online return request form. general returns: hold onto the original boxes and packaging. we will only accept a return if we are contacted within 30 days of receipt, if a return goods authorization number (rga) has been issued, the product is returned in the original manufacturer's packaging, and is in perfect resalable condition. restocking fees will apply on all straight returns (incorrectly ordered, returning instead of replacing per our policy, etc.), and you will be responsible for the cost of return shipping. some items noted as "non-returnable" may be accepted on a case-by-case basis, and will be subject to a higher restocking fee. wrong products received: it is very rare that you will receive an incorrect product; we double-check all orders before we ship them. however, if we made a mistake/error in shipping (it does rarely happen), please, first, notify us within 2 business days of receiving your order. we will then issue an rga number and return instructions on how and where to return the product. please do not ship anything back without an rga and those instructions. if you ordered wrong: if you made an error and ordered the wrong products, and wish to return the product, please use our online return process to request an rga number and return instructions. returns must have an rga in order to be processed correctly, so please wait for us to send you that information. please see detailed return information on our page. some items noted as "non-returnable" may be accepted on a case-by-case basis, and will be subject to a higher restocking fee. please note that you will also be responsible for the shipping cost of returning the item. damaged shipment: for standard carrier shipments (i.e.; us postal service, ups, fedex, etc.), we must have been notified (by phone or email) of any damage (or other problems) and have been provided with any and all additional information within 2 business days of you receiving your products. once you have determined that the products shipped to you were received damaged, you need to notify us and the carrier (i.e.; us postal service, ups, fedex, etc.) within 2 business days. at time of delivery, if the packaging appears damaged on the outside, please refuse to accept it from the carrier, and let us know immediately; or please make sure when signing the shipper's proof-of-delivery slip (on deliveries requiring a signature), you include a note stating the package is or appears to be damaged. in the event of freight damage (shipments delivered by freight truck; i.e.: fedex freight, yellow freight, conway, old dominion, roadway, etc.), please review the freight damage information found on our page. defective products: within thirty (30) days of receiving your order, if any product proves to be defective, please contact us immediately. please do not return the product back without contacting us first and receiving an rga number and the necessary return instructions. after receiving the defective merchandise, we will test it if need be, and we will ship back to you (at our expense) a non-defective replacement product.if you have a defective item and would like to return it without getting a replacement, please use our online form and include your order number and description of the defect. non returnable items: there are some products that are not returnable so please be aware of this when placing your order. items that are heavy or large (items that ship by freight) may not be returned. (items such as tubs may not be returned. if they are defective, you will either receive a replacement or it will be repaired; but we do not accept returns on items that ship by freight.) items that were received by the customer over 30 days ago. however, if an exception is made, a higher restocking fee will be assessed. items that were not shipped by a standard carrier (for example of a standard carrier, we mean companies such as ups, fedex, or usps) may not be returned. also, items that are "special ordered/quoted" cannot be canceled or returned. (non-listed and quoted items - items that do not have prices listed on our web pages and/or items that you received a special quote on - are considered special order items and may not be returned.) items stated as non-returnable on the page from which they are ordered items noted as "limited to stock" items that have been installed items that are electrical in nature, such as tankless water heaters, elements (standard and tankless water heater types), etc. items that have sanitary issues such as toilet and bidet seats. note: if the products have not been removed from the packaging, we may make exceptions at our discretion. however, if an exception is made, a higher restocking fee will be assessed. "match-your-color" toilet seat replacement kits items that are not brand new and/or missing any of the manufacturer's packaging. items that have been specially manufactured for your order, such as the 3-phase eemax water heaters and others. items that have a shelf-life, such as, reverse osmosis membranes exception: items that were included in a quote but are actually found on our site; these items would be subject to our standard return policy. questions? if you have any other return questions, please contact us before placing your order. rga request: if you have read and understand our return policy, and would like to request an rga number, please view me. frequently asked questions q. "why do i only have two days to notify you of any problems with my order?" a. this is necessary in order to determine the next course of action in regards to how the damaged/defective/incorrect item(s) will be taken care of. in many cases, time is of the essence, and the quicker we are aware of the issue, the better the results. in order to serve you better, we request that you inspect all of your products for obvious defects/blemishes within 2 days of receiving them. q. "what is an rga, and why do i need one?" a. when it is necessary to return a product, an rga is necessary as it is our way of keeping track of returned items so they can be processed properly. if you want to return products to us, please use our online rga request form prior to doing so. all returns, regardless of how they were shipped or where they were shipped from, must be referenced by an rga number (returned goods authorization number). do not refuse your shipment, as you will be responsible for any additional shipping charges incurred for the refusal (as well as a higher restocking fee). items returned without an rga number may be set aside until we hear from the customer or even refused delivery entirely. we process thousands of orders weekly, and subsequently receive a sizable number of returns. if not referenced by an rga number, a returned package will need to be researched so that the customer can be contacted regarding the return. this results in higher overhead, higher prices, and often delays the processing of credit. this system is necessary to ensure that you receive proper credit in a timely fashion. when you contact us via our online return request form requesting an rga to return a product, we will either issue the rga at that time, or contact the warehouse that it shipped from and request that one be issued. if we need to receive the rga from another warehouse, we will let you know by forwarding the information to you along with shipping instructions as soon as we receive it from them. the instructions for return must be followed carefully, as some items may need to be shipped to separate warehouses. once the product has been received at our warehouse, it will be inspected and you will be credited for the returned product minus the applicable restocking fee and original shipping charges. also, on incorrectly ordered items, the customer is responsible for return shipping costs to the warehouse(s) of origin. if the product is returning to another warehouse, they will contact us once they have received the product, inspected it, and we have been issued credit. once we have been credited for the return, your credit will be issued minus the restocking fee and original shipping charges. q. "what is a restock fee?" a. all returns are subject to a restocking fee. we have a standard restocking fee of 15% on returns within 30 days. if you wish to return a product but do not place a reorder, the normal restocking fee will be 15% (for items returned within 30 days) but can change if any of the following information applies. if a reorder is placed for a similar product (costing nearly the same amount), the restocking fee can be lowered from 15% to 10%. if a return over 30 days is accepted, our standard restocking fee on orders received over 30 days can be as low as 25%; however, it may be higher if an extensive amount of time has passed since delivery or if our return instructions have not been adequately followed. for a product to be considered a "reorder", it must be for a product that directly replaces the item that's being returned, in both price and type. for example: if a $200.00 sink is returned, the reorder must be for a sink of comparable value. please note that if for some reason the reorder must be returned, the restocking fee for the return of the reorder will be at least 25%. also, items returned after 30 days are subject may not be returnable at all, and if they are accepted for return, will have a higher restocking fee. we will let you know our decision when we respond to your request. your reorder must be placed prior to your credit being processed. if you wish to reorder right away, reference will be made to your return on your reorder to ensure that you receive the lower restocking fee. if you need to apply your credit to your reorder, you can do so, but we will need to receive the product and/or credit for the product before doing so. q. "if i ordered wrong, do you pick up the incorrect product(s) if i reorder?" a. unfortunately, no. if we shipped an incorrect item, or the item is defective, then we do take care of the shipping both ways (see our faq on incorrect/defective items); however, as we cannot be held responsible for shipping the correct item that happens to have been incorrectly ordered, you will be responsible for return shipping to the warehouse(s) of origin (if from more than one warehouse, there may be multiple return locations and you are responsible for the return shipping to those warehouses). if you refuse a shipment, the cost of the shipping back to us will also be deducted from any applicable credit. q. "why can't i just ship the product back to you if i have received the wrong/incorrectly ordered item?" a. please do not return any product that you have ordered without prior contact and acknowledgment. many products ship direct from the manufacturer or one of their access warehouses and often need to be returned to the same warehouse. these warehouses will refuse deliveries that are not properly marked and documented with issued rga numbers. this will make processing your credit very difficult and may delay your credit. q. "what happens to my package if i accidentally provided the wrong address for shipping?" a. once an order has been shipped, it will be delivered to the address provided by the customer. should that address be incorrect or incomplete, the shipping carriers charge a fee for an address change request, or to return it to our warehouse (or to the warehouse it shipped from if direct from the manufacturer). unfortunately, as this is a cost they will not waive, we must ask our customer to accept responsibility for providing the incorrect or incomplete address, and will ask for payment of the additional charge to redirect or re-ship the order. typically, the two options are to either: 1) pay for the posted shipping cost for the reshipment; or, 2) credit (less the restocking fee and shipping) will be issued. should you need the order re-shipped, any charges incurred from the shipper in returning it to us (or the manufacturers warehouse) will also be charged. q. "what happens if i accept a damaged shipment? will you take care of it?" a. if you do accept a damaged shipment, please inform us and the carrier (ups, fedex, etc.,) immediately within those 2 days. depending on the product and where/how it was shipped, it may be necessary for you to deal with the carrier. most trucking companies will only deal with the receiver in cases of damaged goods. also, if there was any internal (non-visible) damage, this will need to be reported to us and the carrier within two days of receiving the product. once you have informed us (and the carrier) with this information we will send you complete instructions on how we will be taking care of the damaged goods. we wish to take care of you and get your damaged product replaced as soon as possible. please do let us know if you have not received the instructions within 1-2 business days. please do not ship the product back to us without contacting us first and receiving an rga number and all the important instructions. q. "how do you take care of defective items?" a. as our standard practice is to replace the defective item at no charge, should you choose to return the defective item rather than replace it, we will need to issue return authorization ("rga") and - once we have received, tested, and have confirmed that the item is defective - applicable credit will be processed. we will pick up the defective product if it is less than 30 days from when the item was received and, should we determine that the product is in fact defective (and was returned in accordance to our return instructions and policy within 30 days), and we are replacing it for you, we will ship the replacement to you at our expense. in some cases, we may ask you to contact the manufacturer to troubleshoot the issue, and if they determine that it is indeed defective, we will address it as outlined. if it has been more than 30 days since you received the item and it proves to be defective, we would like for you to deal with the manufacturer directly. whatever policy the manufacturer has will determine how you will proceed, and may include shipping costs. we will not pay shipping costs on items that are being handled directly by the manufacturer. we supply products; we do not warranty products and after thirty days we leave it up to the manufacturers and their procedures. there may be instances when the manufacturer, once they have been contacted, will ask that we help in the replacement process. if this is the case, we will assist you and the manufacturer with the return process. however, 30 days after receiving your product, it will be necessary for you to contact the manufacturer first. items returned to us after 30 days may not be returnable at all or may be subject to a restocking fee (we will let you know if this applies to your return). if we choose to accept your return after 30 days, you will be responsible for shipping the item back to us. q. "how do i return items i don't want or need?" a. listed products (items that have listed prices on our web pages) may be returned within 30 days of receiving them; the products must be brand new (never used) and in perfect condition with all manufacturers' packaging. in order to keep our prices at their lowest, we charge a standard restocking fee (which can be lowered with a comparable reorder) and your original shipping charge will not be refunded. items returned after 30 days or without an rga #, if they are accepted, are subject to a higher restocking fee. returns without an rga can also possibly delay processing of your credit. we do not accept returns for used or assembled products. we do not sell used products (except for toilet tank lids) and you will not receive any used or refurbished merchandise from us.please contact us if you wish to return any products. items must be brand new (never used), in perfect condition, with all manufacturers' packaging. we will issue you an rga number and return instructions on how and where to ship the products. please keep in mind, items returned after 30 days may not be returnable at all, and are subject to a higher restocking fee. return to top ↑ quote of the day any man who can drive safely while kissing a pretty girl is simply not giving the kiss the attention it deserves. - albert einstein is there something else you are looking for? search plumbing products search find plumbing products starting with a b c d e f g h i j k l m n o p q r s t u v w x y z a+ rating we accept most credit cards and paypal our shopping cart is secure, so you can shop with confidence! we accept most credit cards and paypal our shopping cart is secure, so you can shop with confidence! a+ rating home about us contact us how to order shipping feedback disclaimer privacy policy return policy copyright© 1995-2023 plumbingsupply.com.all rights reserved. copyright© 1995-2023 plumbingsupply.com. all rights reserved.