来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20151230212959/http://www.spencersonline.com/content.jsp?pageName=ProdInfo
================================================================================

guest services - product information - spencer's sign in live chat help stores order status my account 0 item(s) stores account cart trend shop music clearance st. pats menu girls new arrivals sale girls tees girls pajamas fashion tops tanks & tubes sweatshirts & hoodies long sleeve dresses jumpers & rompers skirts shorts leggings swimwear bras & panties mommy to be extended sizes baby girl girls clearance guys new arrivals sale guys tees tanks long sleeve sweatshirts & hoodies casual tops guys pajamas party suits hats & beanies boxers & briefs guys socks shorts & boardshorts extended sizes baby boy guys clearance accessories new arrivals sale backpacks body jewelry jewelry watches hats & beanies handbags & totes belts & buckles wallets keychains & lanyards socks slippers footwear hair accessories makeup & tattoos fashion scarves & bandanas sunglasses fashion glasses suspenders & bow ties gloves & armwarmers contact lenses baby accessories accessories clearance naughty new arrivals sale vibrators dildos sex toys mens pleasure cuffs & restraints bondage dance poles lingerie vibrating panties lubes & lotions naughty novelty massage for the couple hygiene & care naughty clearance fun & games new arrivals sale drinkware drinking accessories beer pong bachelorette party bachelor party birthday books gags & pranks bathroom humor adult humor office humor political humor toys & figures games & puzzles tech toys dress up humor fun & games clearance home & dorm new arrivals sale party lighting lava lamps posters drinkware fleece blankets & plush tech toys incense & burners room accessories speakers black lights & accessories toys & figures car accessories pet accessories home & dorm clearance movies & tv new arrivals sale superheroes television movies gaming celebrities anime cartoons horror comedy sci fi & fantasy cult classics disney retro tv movie baby baby boy baby girl baby accessories mommy to be baby clearance tees shop all guys tees shop all girls tees funny tees music & band tees superhero tees movie tees tv tees anime tees cartoon tees gamer tees political tees clearance tees st patricks st patricks guys tees st patricks girls tees st patricks costumes & kilts st patricks hats st patricks drinking accessories st patricks accessories st patricks party suits sale clearance guest services product information click on the topic below that best relates to your question guest services: product information commonly asked questions general product information body jewelry support lava lamp support sizing guide adult product q: is the product i want available? a: check the status posted on the product description page: in stock: item is currently in stock and ready to ship. sold out: product is currently unavailable, but we suggest checking back periodically to see if it comes back in stock. some options not available: if a size, color, or model has 'sold out' next to it we are currently out of stock of that option. item not found online: the product may not be available online at this time. most items sold online are available in store. you can use our store locator to find your closest location. q: what if i have a specific question on a product? a: item number: the item number identifies the specific product you are currently viewing. you can use the number when you want to go back and search for the specific product. product description: contains specific information and contents associated with the product. size chart: if available, a link may be located in the product description on the specific item that can help you determine which size will best fit you. product reviews : product reviews offer opinions from actual customers who have purchased the specific item in the past. q: can i be notified when a product comes back in stock? a: at this time we currently do not offer email notification for product availability. we are constantly receiving restock shipments online and in store, so we suggest you check back with us periodically. for estimated restocking dates on seasonal items click here. q: i was able to add the product to my cart, but it disappeared when i went to check out. a: well...unfortunately, our website is not always capable of refreshing as quickly as we would like. so even though an item may say it is available, if you can't add the item to the cart, the item is out of stock and will most likely be updated within 24 business hours. q: how do i know what size to select? a: size charts are provided on the product description page of our items. if you are unsure what size you need just click on the size chart link and check the measurements provided. our items tend to run on the small side so if you are in between sizes we suggest you get the bigger size. q: my lava lamp arrived cloudy, what should i do? a: sometimes due to transit you may occasionally receive a cloudy lava lamp. if the lamp arrives cloudy run it for 6-8 hours a day for seven consecutive days. make sure that the lamp has had the chance to completely cool down before turning it on again. cloudy globes are not considered defective. q: what material is your body jewelry made of? a: the two most common materials used in our assortment are surgical steel and acrylic. we also carry a few organic and titanium pieces as well. q: is the product i want available? a: check the status posted on the product description page: in stock: item is currently in stock and ready to ship. sold out: product is currently unavailable, but we suggest checking back periodically to see if it comes back in stock. some options not available: if a size, color, or model has 'sold out' next to it we are currently out of stock of that option. item not found online: the product may not be available online at this time. most items sold online are available in store. you can use our store locator to find your closest location. q: can i be notified when a product comes back in stock? a: at this time we currently do not offer email notification for product availability. we are constantly receiving restock shipments online and in store, so we suggest you check back with us periodically. for estimated restocking dates on seasonal items click here. q: when do you restock your website? a: we have general estimated restocking dates based on the season... swimwear/ flip flops/ cover-ups: march hats/ belts/ belt buckles: july backpacks/ laptop cases/ school products: july pajamas/ blankets/ winter wear: september q: what if i have a specific question on a product? a: item number: the item number identifies the specific product you are currently viewing. you can use the number when you want to go back and search for the specific product. product description: contains specific information and contents associated with the product. size chart: if available, a link may be located in the product description on the specific item that can help you determine which size will best fit you. product reviews : product reviews offer opinions from actual customers who have purchased the specific item in the past. q: what if i have additional questions that aren't on the product page? a: our products contain features in the product detail pages given to us directly from the manufacturer that can assist you in learning more about the product. we are continuously updating this information to give you the most current details about our products. q: i was able to add the product to my cart, but it disappeared when i went to check out. a: well...unfortunately, our website is not always capable of refreshing as quickly as we would like. so even though an item may say it is available, if you can't add the item to the cart, the item is out of stock and will most likely be updated within 24 business hours. q: if i can't find the item online, can i get it at the store? a: please check our store locator to find a store location near you. enter your zip/ postal code and the amount of miles you would like to search within. then hit "search". a page will load with a list of the spencer's store locations nearest you and how many miles they are from your zip/ postal code. below the location is a store phone number. you can then contact the store with the item name and number to find out if it is available! q: how do i know what gauge size i need? a: please keep in mind that gauge sizes can vary between manufactures as there is no universal regulation on companies to make a standard size for body jewelry. that being said, body jewelry can differ anywhere from .5mm to 1mm. if you are unsure of your gauge size please consult your piercer before purchasing more jewelry. remember, the higher the gauge size the smaller the wire. please refer to our jewelry guide for general guidelines on the gauge sizing for some of the more popular piercings. again, we suggest you refer to your piercer before you make any decision concerning your piercing. q: what material is used to make your jewelry? a: the two most common materials found in our body jewelry are surgical steel and acrylic. surgical steel is implant grade metal and hypoallergenic but not recommended for those allergic to stainless steel. other materials we use are: silicone titanium bioplast - biological plastic that is flexible and metal free. organic - this material includes wood, stone, shell, horn, or bone. usually organic pieces are hand craved. glass- hypoallergenic and nonporous. q: how should i clean my body jewelry? a: the best way to clean jewelry is to use antibacterial soap and water. do not use alcohol! or anything similar! it can ruin your jewelry by melting the acrylic or discoloring it. be careful with gold items as they can easily tarnish in alcohol or peroxides. tarnished gold can sometimes turn body jewelry black when worn. remember to clean it again before it goes back into your piercing! q: how do i stretch my piercing? a: there are many different methods for stretching your piercing, but we recommend that you reach out to your piercer for further assistance. q: how long does it take for my piercing to heal? a: everybody reacts and heals differently, so we can only provide a general time frame for how long it may take for different types of piercing to heal. it is best that you speak with the piercer before getting pierced to discuss how to properly care for your new piercing and how long you should wait before trying to change your jewelry. you can use our jewelry guide for general guidelines on how long some of the more popular piercings take to heal. q: how do i select the correct piece of jewelry for my piercing? a: below is a cart with some of the more popular piercings you see around and what types of body jewelry are commonly used with each piercing. we suggest that you speak with your piercer first if you are unsure what type of jewelry you need before making your purchase. piercing styles cartilage captive hoop/ barbell/ cartilage stud/ cartilage barbell/ labret ear lobe captive hoop/ horse shoe (circular barbell)/ plug/ tunnel/ pincher/ taper/ hanger/ studs/ spiral eyebrow curved barbell/ captive hoop/ horseshoe (circular barbell) labret labret stud/ lippy loop/ captive hoop industrial industrial bar lip captive hoop/ horseshoe (circular barbell)/ spiral twist/ lippy loop/ labret stud/ curved barbell monroe labret stud navel banana/ captive hoop/ spiral navel ring/ navel shield/ spiral twist nipple barbell/ captive hoop/ horseshoe (circular barbell)/ nipple shield nose captive hoop/ nose hoop/ nose bone/ nose screw/ l-shaped/ fishtail septum captive hoop/ horseshoe (circular barbell)/ clicker/ retainer/ curved barbell/ pincher/ d-ring tongue barbell tragus cartilage stud/ twist/ captive hoop/ cartilage barbell horizontal hood piercing (hch) captive hoop/ d-ring vertical hood piercing (vch) captive hoop/ banana/ barbell/ d-ring dermal dermal studs (sold as anchors and tops) q: how do i care for my piercing? a: we recommend that you speak with your piercer about the proper care of your piercing. q: some of your pieces state they are anodized, what does this mean? a: an anodized item means that the metal has been treated to an electrolyte bath in order to change the color. q: my lava lamp arrived cloudy, what should i do? a: sometimes due to transit you may occasionally receive a cloudy lava lamp. if the lamp arrives cloudy run it for 6-8 hours a day for seven consecutive days. make sure that the lamp has had the chance to completely cool down before turning it on again. cloudy globes are not considered defective. q: my lava is not flowing like it should a: lava lamps operate best at 69 degrees fahrenheit and on a flat and stationery surface. if the lava is not flowing as anticipated the lamp may be getting too hot or too cold. make sure that the lamp is not placed in front of any windows or a cooling/heating unit or vent. you may also want to check and make sure the bulb is installed properly. please use the chart below to determine what may be wrong with your lamp. q: my globe is dotted with light. a: since the globe is made of glass it may contain air bubbles and maker’s marks. this is perfectly normal and not a defect. q: the lava color is not what i expected. a: the lava color may be darker than anticipated, but after a few runs the color will start to lighten. also, please keep in mind that you are combining two colors. for example, even though the lamp states yellow lava and blue liquid, the lava may have a greenish tint. do not place the lava lamp in front of a window as this will cause the colors in your lamp to fade. q: the coil is floating in my lamp. a: keep your lamp operating for about 4 hours or until all the lava is melted and the coil should automatically drop back to the bottom of the lamp. if the coil does not drop down, then twirl the globe gently in the base and the coil will drop. do not shake the lamp. q: my light died, what bulb do i need to replace it? a: view the chart below to find the replacement bulb needed for your lamp. 10" and 11.5" 8 and 12 oz globe 15 watt(sewing machine bulb) 14.5" 20 oz globe 25 watt(refrigerator bulb) 17" 32 oz globe 40 watt a15 (appliance bulb) wizard 32 oz globe 40 watt snn1 16.3" 52 oz globe 40 watt a15(appliance bulb) 27" 250 oz globe 100 watt 100r20f(floodlight bulb) clearview 32 oz globe 25 watt reflector light bulb q: i have a lava lamp, but can't find a replacement bulb. the bulb says 120v30w, can you help? a: unfortunately, we no longer carry the 120v30w replacement light bulb; in order to replace the bulb, you will need to go to a 25w replacement light bulb that is recommended by our manufacturer q: how do i know what size to select? a: size charts are provided on the product description page of our items. if you are unsure what size you need just click on the size chart link and check the measurements provided. our items tend to run on the small side so if you are in between sizes we suggest you get the bigger size. q: i need a bigger top for the swimsuit i like, are they sold separately? a: at this time our swimsuits are sold as sets and are not available for individual sale. if you need a bigger size in either piece we suggest you order the size that fits your more prominent feature. q: what does junior fitted mean on your tee shirt description? a: junior fitted means that the shirt is form fitting and may run smaller than the standard clothing size. we suggest that if you are in between sizes you select the larger size. q: i don't understand your belt sizes. what size should i be? a: our belt sizes are measured in inches. we do suggest measuring around your waistline (where you plan to wear the belt) to find out approximately how many inches your waist is. based on the inches, we suggest getting a size larger to fit your body. if the belt does not fit, you are more than welcome to return the belt or return/ exchange it at your local spencer's. if you are still having doubts, please feel free to go to your local spencer's to try the belt on in person. q: how do i choose the correct size body jewelry? a: you may or may not know your jewelry size by gauge or millimeter. all body rage jewelry is produced using the same specifications and guidelines. use our jewelry guide for sizing details. q: what is the difference between a vibrator and a dildo? a: a vibrator is a device that has a motorized component which is operated by either batteries or an electrical source. they buzz or vibrate so they are mainly used for external stimulation. a dildo is a non-vibrating toy and best suited for those who want the feeling of penetration. these toys are usually made in a phallic shape and you would want to consider girth, texture, and length when purchasing. q: what is the difference between water based lube and silicone based lube? a: water based lubes are the most common lubes available. they are easy to clean and do not stain your clothing or bed sheets. water based lubes can be scented and flavored which make them a good choice for oral sex. however, this type of lube does tend to wear off faster than other lubes so you may need to apply more than once. silicone based lubes contain the same ingredients as water based lubes except the water is replaced by silicone. by replacing the water with silicone the lube becomes waterproof and is ideal for a playtime in the water. silicone lube does not stain your clothes or sheets and is easy to clean up. it last longer than most lubes, but it is not recommended for use with silicone based toys. q: what are the materials used in your adult toys? a: most of our adult toys are latex and phthalate free and most of the product descriptions let you know the material. below we have provided a chart that it explains the more common materials found in our adult toys. material explanation tpe also known as tpr. made of a rubber polymer blend or compound that resembles a thermoplastic character. it is less porous than cyberskin but more porous than silicone. it has flexural fatigue resistance and high impact strength. this material cannot be disinfected by boiling water. sil-a-gel a type of pvc (polyvinyl chloride) that is soft, super smooth, semi-porous, and anti-bacterial. it is latex and cadmium free. this material has a tendency to attract dust ad small debris so it should be cleaned before and after use. silicone a semi-organic polymer which can retain heat. if your product is waterproof you can soak it in warm water to create a new sensation. this material repels dirt and bacteria and won’t fall apart with extended friction. it is not a porous material and can be disinfected by boiling for 3 minutes. ur3 a thermal plastic elastomer (pvc and silicone mixture). created to mimic real skin and the high molecular density allows for flexibility and resilience. this material is very porous making it difficult to clean and easy for germs and dirt to collect. should be cleaned before and after each use. recommended that once the product has been cleaned, it is dusted with a little corn starch to help maintain the texture of the material. this material needs to be stored individually in a cool, dark place. rubber an elastic hydrocarbon polymer that is produced in the sap of some plants but can also be synthetically produced. it is a porous and wear-resistant material that does not clean well. polyurethane a polymer that consists of a chain of organic units joined by urethane links. it is a very soft, elastic, and flexible material that is considered hypoallergenic. abs plastic a common thermoplastic consisting of acrylonitrile butadiene styrene. this material is phthalate free and hypoallergenic. pp also known as polypropylene. a thermoplastic polymer. this material is phthalate free and hypoallergenic. jelly rubber a poly vinyl chloride compound made with softening agents. not all toys made with this material are phthalate free, so you may want to check with the company before purchasing if not already stated. this is a very porous material and should not be cleaned with dishwashing liquid or alcohol as it may dissolve. toys made with this material should be stored separately. pvc a lightweight and water resistant plastic made of poly vinyl chloride. some pvc toys may contain phthalates so you may want to check with the company before purchasing if not stated. pyrex glass also known as borosilicate glass. this material is nonporous and smooth and is not as dense as ordinary glass which makes it more resistant to breaking and shattering. it can retain temperature really well. this material is phthalate free and hypoallergenic. cyberglass also known as e-glass. an inorganic, non-metallic solid material that is not constructed of a crystalline structure. usually transparent and is non-porous and retain temperature really well. q: what lubricant is safe to use with your adult products? a: most of the product descriptions will state what type of lubricant is safe to use with the toy you are interested in. this information is also provided in the instructions that come with the product. below is a chart of the materials used in our toys and what lubricants are safe to use with that material. material lubricant tpe/tpr silicone base/water base sil-a-gel silicone base/water base silicone water base ur3 water base rubber silicone base/water base polyurethane silicone base/water base abs plastic silicone base/water base pp (polypropylene) silicone base/water base jelly rubber silicone base/water base pvc silicone base/water base pyrex (borosilicate) glass silicone base/water base/oil cyberglass (e-glass) silicone base/water base/oil q: what would you recommend for a first time user? a: picking out your first adult toy is a very personal choice and the best we can do is to offer some recommendations. we also suggest you read the product reviews left by our guests who have already had experience using the toy. if you are looking to try something that provides an external stimulation you may want to try a bullet or egg vibrator. should your primal urge be looking for something with the feel of penetration along with the external simulation you might want to try a rabbit or traditional vibrator. looking for a beginner toy to try out with you partner you might want to look at our finger massagers or cock rings. for the guys that are looking for that little extra stimulation you might want to check out our strokers. for beginners it might be best to focus on the cups and gloves. should you be more interested in the feel of penetration versus external stimulation you may want to look at a dildo. even though it may be tempting to go with a toy with a long length and thick girth, as a beginner this is not a good idea as you may not be used to the size and it may cause some discomfort as a result. start out small and work your way up. you can always view other products we recommend for the first time user under beginner vibrators in our naughty section. q: how do i extend the battery life of my toy? a: the first step in extending the life of your toy would be not getting the battery pack wet. when cleaning the item before and after use, it is best to use a damp cloth instead of running it under water. you may also want to remove the batteries after use to extend the life of the battery itself, and prevent battery corrosion. should your toy have a wire connecting it to a battery pack, for example a bullet, be careful not to pull on the wire. if you plan to use the item for penetration you may want to put it in a condom so that you can use the condom to pull it out instead. q: how do i properly care for my toys? a: the proper care of your products depends on the material of the product. the most important thing to remember is to clean your toy before and after every use. each product should have care instructions provided with the instructions. we do carry some cleaners and powder that you can use to extend the life of your toy. material care instructions tpe/tpr clean with warm water and either toy cleaner or mild soap. do not disinfect with boiling water. clean before and after use. sil-a-gel clean with warm water and either toy cleaner or mild soap. as the material has a tendency to attract dust and small debris you may want to store separately in a plastic bag. clean before and after use. silicone can be cleaned by boiling for 3 minutes or by throwing it into the dishwasher on the top rack. clean before and after use. ur3 clean with warm water and either toy cleaner or antibacterial soap. dust with cornstarch or ur3 powder. store separately in a cool, dark space. may want to store in a plastic bag as the material absorbs dyes from other material. clean before and after use. rubber clean with warm water and either mild soap or toy cleaner. as rubber is porous it can harbor bacteria so you may want to use a condom. clean before and after use. polyurethane clean with warm water and either toy cleaner or antibacterial soap. this material should not be exposed to light and should be stored in a cool, dark space. clean before and after use. abs plastic clean with warm water and either toy cleaner or mild soap. you can also soak a cotton ball with rubbing alcohol to wipe down the toy and then wipe it down with water. clean before and after each use. pp (polypropylene) clean with warm water and either mild soap or toy cleaner. clean before and after use. jelly rubber clean with toy cleaner. do not use dishwashing liquid soap or alcohol as the item will dissolve the toy. store separately in a plastic bag. as rubber is porous it can harbor bacteria so you may want to use a condom. clean before and after use. pvc clean with warm water and antibacterial soap. you may also use an universal solution toy cleaner. clean before and after use. pyrex (borosilicate) glass clean with warm water and either antibacterial soap or toy cleaner. examine your toy before each use. if there are any cracks stop use. clean before and after use. cyberglass (e-glass) clean with warm water and either antibacterial soap or toy cleaner. examine your toy before each use. if there are any cracks stop use. clean before and after use. track my order payment options returns & exchanges shipping product info volume discounts my account find a store still need help? contact us email sign up be the first to find out about great store specials and online deals! you must agree to receive emails from spencer gifts llc. follow us make a difference help | opportunities | company info help my account order status return policy shipping info product info site map opportunities spencer's careers job application be a spencer's model affiliates company info store locator about spencer's charitable giving california transparency in supply chains act product recall smart wheelz hoverboard safety information security & privacy | terms of use copyright © 2016 spencer gifts,llc