来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20151230212959/http://www.spencersonline.com/content.jsp?pageName=TrckOrder
================================================================================

guest services - track order - spencer's sign in live chat help stores order status my account 0 item(s) stores account cart trend shop music clearance st. pats menu girls new arrivals sale girls tees girls pajamas fashion tops tanks & tubes sweatshirts & hoodies long sleeve dresses jumpers & rompers skirts shorts leggings swimwear bras & panties mommy to be extended sizes baby girl girls clearance guys new arrivals sale guys tees tanks long sleeve sweatshirts & hoodies casual tops guys pajamas party suits hats & beanies boxers & briefs guys socks shorts & boardshorts extended sizes baby boy guys clearance accessories new arrivals sale backpacks body jewelry jewelry watches hats & beanies handbags & totes belts & buckles wallets keychains & lanyards socks slippers footwear hair accessories makeup & tattoos fashion scarves & bandanas sunglasses fashion glasses suspenders & bow ties gloves & armwarmers contact lenses baby accessories accessories clearance naughty new arrivals sale vibrators dildos sex toys mens pleasure cuffs & restraints bondage dance poles lingerie vibrating panties lubes & lotions naughty novelty massage for the couple hygiene & care naughty clearance fun & games new arrivals sale drinkware drinking accessories beer pong bachelorette party bachelor party birthday books gags & pranks bathroom humor adult humor office humor political humor toys & figures games & puzzles tech toys dress up humor fun & games clearance home & dorm new arrivals sale party lighting lava lamps posters drinkware fleece blankets & plush tech toys incense & burners room accessories speakers black lights & accessories toys & figures car accessories pet accessories home & dorm clearance movies & tv new arrivals sale superheroes television movies gaming celebrities anime cartoons horror comedy sci fi & fantasy cult classics disney retro tv movie baby baby boy baby girl baby accessories mommy to be baby clearance tees shop all guys tees shop all girls tees funny tees music & band tees superhero tees movie tees tv tees anime tees cartoon tees gamer tees political tees clearance tees st patricks st patricks guys tees st patricks girls tees st patricks costumes & kilts st patricks hats st patricks drinking accessories st patricks accessories st patricks party suits sale clearance guest services track my order click on the topic below that best relates to your question guest services: track my order commonly asked questions placing an order changing an order order status questions order issue q: how do i know my order was placed? a: you will be redirected to an order confirmation page and an order confirmation email will be sent to the email address submitted with the order. we do ask that you please check your junk folder, as it is possible the email may end up there. q: can i ship to a different address other than my billing? a: yes! simply use the drop down menu in the ‘shipping information’ section to select the option for somewhere else or some else: once you make a selection you should see this information provided below pop up and all you will need to do is enter in the shipping information: q: if i am paying with paypal, can i select a different shipping address? a: of course! you will have two opportunities to change your shipping address when placing the order. the first opportunity will be after you sign into you paypal account as the first question paypal ask is if the address provided is the address you want the order shipped to. if you forgot to change the shipping address before hitting continue it’s all cool, you will be redirected to our website where you will be able to review and change your order before hitting ‘submit’. q: why can't i place my order? a: please check and make sure that the billing information you are entering matches the billing information on file with your bank/credit card company. the billing name provided needs to match the name printed on your card. if there is a middle initial on your card, it will need to be included after your first name in the billing information. this also goes for any sr, jr, or i, ii, or iii that may also be printed on the card. should you be using a gift card issued by visa, mastercard, amex or discover, you will need to call the 1-800 number on the back of the card and register it under your name or zip code. once they attach this information to your account you may then use your gift card as if it were a standard credit card. please note--- the full amount of the purchase cannot exceed the amount of these forms of payment or the order cannot be completed. q: can i cancel my order? a: our first priority is to ensure that your items ship in a timely manner. once an order is placed and all of the billing and shipping information has been verified, the order is immediately transmitted to our warehouse for processing. for this reason we are unable to cancel your order once it has been placed. q: can i change my address? a: we strive to ship your order as quickly as possible. once your order is sent to our warehouse, we are unable to change the address. q: what is the status of my order? a: you can check you order status with either your email address or order number and billing zip code through the order status page. if you have a spencer's account you can also check your order status through the my account page. here are some terms that will help you understand your order status. open- order has been received in process- order transmitted to warehouse to start the packing and shipping process partially shipped- some of your items have been shipped. you card has been charged for the product that shipped and the shipping cost. shipped- you entire order has been processed and shipped and your card has been charged. cancelled- your order has been canceled and you have not been charged. q: when will i receive my order? a: orders usually take 1-2 business days, monday-friday excluding holidays, to process before being shipped. once the order has shipped, how quickly you receive it depends on the shipping method selected. estimated delivery dates are provided at checkout. please keep in mind they are estimated only----we do not guarantee the delivery date. please see the chart below to view the shipping timeframes associated with our shipping methods. shipping times explanation shipping method processing time** delivery times total delivery time economy 1 business day 6-8 business days* 7-9 business days* standard ground & usps priority & canada economy 1 business day 3-5 business days* 4-6 business days* second day & canada express 1 business day 2 business days* 3 business days* overnight 1 business day 1 business day* 2 business days* q: will i be notified when my order is shipped? a: once your order has shipped, a tracking confirmation will be sent to the email address submitted with the order. this email will contain your tracking number which we advise be used to track your package and ensure proper delivery. q: i don't have my package but tracking shows delivered. a: please check all places around your home that the package may be left upon delivery. sometimes the order may be left at a side/back door or hidden behind a plant or furniture in front of the house. we also suggest that you check with your neighbors or the others household members to see if the package was accepted on your behalf. if the order was delivered to an apartment or office building please check with the management office or receptionist. if the order was placed with economy shipping the final delivery would have been made by the us postal service. please check your mailbox, parcel locker, or community box for the package. we also suggest reaching out to your local post office and see if the package is being held on the notice left shelf for pick up. q: i just received my item, and it's damaged! what do i do? a: if your item arrives defective or damaged in transit, please contact us so we can resolve the problem. please have pictures ready to send us of the damaged items and damaged areas. please be advised, all returns must be made within 30 days of receipt. q: i received the wrong item, how do i get what i ordered? a: mistakes happen. sometimes you may receive the incorrect item…we want to know about this so we can fix it! please contact us. if you choose to email us, please provide us with a picture of what you received so we can get the issue corrected in a quick matter. we want you to receive the item that you ordered, not something you do not want. q: how can i place an order? a: you can place an order online or over the phone. also, we offer a mobile site, www.m.spencersoline.com, so that you can place your order through your smartphone or tablet. unfortunately we do not accept money orders, purchase orders, or mail orders at this time. q: do you give discounts on bulk orders? a: since spencer's is a privately owned retail company we do not offer wholesale pricing at this time. if you are interested in purchasing a product in bulk (and if the quantity is available), we would be happy to offer a bulk discount on the purchase. bulk discounts are offered on orders of 20 units or more of the same product. the bulk discount cannot be combined with any other coupon codes or promotions being offered by our company. q: do you accept purchase orders (pos)? a: please reach out to guest services at guestservices@spencersonline.com with all questions concerning a purchase order. q: can i ship to a different address other than my billing? a: yes! simply use the drop down menu in the ‘shipping information’ section to select the option for somewhere else or some else: once you make a selection you should see this information provided below pop up and all you will need to do is enter in the shipping information: q: if i am paying with paypal, can i select a different shipping address? a: of course! you will have two opportunities to change your shipping address when placing the order. the first opportunity will be after you sign into you paypal account as the first question paypal ask is if the address provided is the address you want the order shipped to. if you forgot to change the shipping address before hitting continue it’s all cool, you will be redirected to our website where you will be able to review and change your order before hitting 'submit'. q: can i ship to a po box? a: yes! when shipping to a po box please make sure that the po box box is checked when filling out your billing and shipping options. this will allow you to select one of the two options available for shipment to a po box: usps or economy. at this time we cannot offer standard, second day or overnight as an option because fedex does not have the ability to ship to a po box. q: i have a customized shirt in my cart and can’t select a shipping method, what's going on? a: unfortunately at this time we are unable to ship shirts created in our design-a- tee studio to canada, alaska, hawaii, puerto rico, and apo/fpo addresses. q: why don't i have a shipping method option after adding an old school design to my cart? a: old school designs are processed and shipped directly from our vendor, so unfortunately they currently cannot be shipped to canada, alaska, hawaii, puerto rico, and apo/fpo addresses at this time. q: how do i know my order was placed? a: you will be redirected to an order confirmation page and an order confirmation email will be sent to the email address submitted with the order. we do ask that you please check your junk folder, as it is possible the email may end up there. q: is an invoice included if the order is marked as a gift? yes, however the pricing and total of the order are not provided on the invoice. q: why can't i place my order? a: please check and make sure that the billing information you are entering matches the billing information on file with your bank/credit card company. the billing name provided needs to match the name printed on your card. if there is a middle initial on your card, it will need to be included after your first name in the billing information. this also goes for any sr, jr, or i, ii, or iii that may also be printed on the card. should you be using a gift card issued by visa, mastercard, amex or discover, you will need to call the 1-800 number on the back of the card and register it under your name or zip code. once they attach this information to your account you may then use your gift card as if it were a standard credit card. please note--- the full amount of the purchase cannot exceed the amount of these forms of payment or the order cannot be completed. q: can i cancel my order? a: our first priority is to ensure that your items ship in a timely manner. once an order is placed and all of the billing and shipping information has been verified, the order is immediately transmitted to our warehouse for processing. for this reason we are unable to cancel your order once it has been placed. q: can i change the size or color of an item? a: we are unable to modify your order after it has been placed. q: can i add or remove items from my order? a: we are unable to make any changes to your order once it has been placed. q: can i change my address? a: we strive to ship your order as quickly as possible. once your order is sent to our warehouse, we are unable to change the address. q: can i change my shipping method? a: unfortunately, we cannot change the shipping method once an order is placed. q: what is the status of my order? a: you can check you order status with your email address or order number and billing zip code through the order status page. if you have a spencer's account you can also check your order status through the my account page. here are some terms that will help you understand your order status. open- order has been received in process- order transmitted to warehouse to start the packing and shipping process partially shipped- some of your items have been shipped. you card has been charged for the product that shipped and the shipping cost. shipped- you entire order has been processed and shipped and your card has been charged. cancelled- your order has been canceled and you have not been charged. q: when will i receive my order? a: orders usually take 1-2 business days, monday-friday excluding holidays, to process before being shipped. once the order has shipped, how quickly you receive it depends on the shipping method selected. estimated delivery dates are provided at checkout. please keep in mind they are estimated only----we do not guarantee the delivery date. please see the chart below to view the shipping timeframes associated with our shipping methods. q: will i be notified when my order is shipped? a: once your order has shipped, a tracking confirmation will be sent to the email address submitted with the order. this email will contain your tracking number which we advise be used to track your package and ensure proper delivery. q: i did not get my order/shipment confirmation email. a: our order and shipment confirmation emails are automatically generated once the order has been placed or shipped and sent to the email address provided at the time the order was placed. sometimes the emails may end up in your junk folder. you may want to add webmaster@spencersonline.com to your contacts list to ensure the email is pulled into your inbox. q: when will my backordered item(s) ship? a: if any of your items are on backorder they will be processed and shipped as they become available. you will only be charged for the product, as the full shipping charge of you order would have been charged when the first part of your purchase was shipped. q: i don't have my package but tracking shows delivered. a: please check all places around your home that the package may be left upon delivery. sometimes the order may be left at a side/back door or hidden behind a plant or furniture in front of the house. we also suggest that you check with your neighbors or the others household members to see if the package was accepted on your behalf. if the order was delivered to an apartment or office building please check with the management office or receptionist. if the order was placed with economy shipping the final delivery would have been made by the us postal service. please check your mailbox, parcel locker, or community box for the package. we also suggest reaching out to your local post office and see if the package is being held on the notice left shelf for pick up. q: why are items missing from my order? a: not all of the items you order will fit in the same box. in a case like this some items may need to be shipped separately and may be delivered on a different date. we also have some items that are shipped directly from our vendor like our customized tees and old school design shirts. the item missing may also currently be out of stock and will be notated as a backorder on your invoice. q: i just received my item, and it's damaged! what do i do? a: if your item arrives defective or damaged in transit, please contact us so we can resolve the problem. please have pictures ready to send us of the damaged items and damaged areas. please be advised, all returns must be made within 30 days of receipt. q: i received the wrong item, how do i get what i ordered? a: mistakes happen. sometimes you may receive the incorrect item…we want to know about this so we can fix it! please contact us. if you choose to email us, please provide us with a picture of what you received so we can get the issue corrected in a quick matter. we want you to receive the item that you ordered, not something you do not want. track my order payment options returns & exchanges shipping product info volume discounts my account find a store still need help? contact us email sign up be the first to find out about great store specials and online deals! you must agree to receive emails from spencer gifts llc. follow us make a difference help | opportunities | company info help my account order status return policy shipping info product info site map opportunities spencer's careers job application be a spencer's model affiliates company info store locator about spencer's charitable giving california transparency in supply chains act product recall smart wheelz hoverboard safety information security & privacy | terms of use copyright © 2016 spencer gifts,llc