来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20161229134006/http://www.spencersonline.com/content.jsp?pageName=RetExch
================================================================================

guest services - returns & exchange - spencer's sign in live chat help stores order status my account 0 item(s) search account cart trend shop clearance anime valentine's day girls new arrivals sale girls tees girls tank tops girls pajamas activewear sweatshirts & hoodies long sleeve girls jackets dresses leggings skirts shorts swimwear bras & panties baby girl extended sizes girls clearance guys new arrivals sale guys tees guys tank tops sweatshirts & hoodies long sleeve guys pajamas guys jackets party suits hats & beanies boxers & briefs shorts & boardshorts casual tops extended sizes baby boy guys clearance tees shop all guys tees shop all girls tees funny tees music & band tees superhero tees movie tees tv tees anime tees cartoon tees gamer tees disney tees political tees costume tees clearance tees valentines day naughty gifts to share lingerie bondage booty on a budget naughty girls naughty guys top valentines gifts girls pajamas guys pajamas panties boxers & briefs watches wallets fantasy dress up naughty toys naughty novelty sex games kits & samplers dance poles handcuffs & restraints lubes & lotions for the shower massage accessories new arrivals sale backpacks body jewelry jewelry watches hats & beanies belts & buckles wallets keychains & lanyards socks hair & beauty scarves & bandanas sunglasses suspenders & bow ties gloves & armwarmers pins & buttons slippers footwear handbags & totes baby accessories pet accessories umbrellas accessories clearance naughty new arrivals sale vibrators dildos lingerie handcuffs & restraints mens sex toys sex toys bondage dance poles lubes & lotions naughty novelty vibrating panties massage for the couple hygiene & care naughty clearance fun & games new arrivals sale drinkware drinking accessories beer pong bachelorette party bachelor party birthday books gags & pranks bathroom humor adult humor office humor political humor toys & figures games & puzzles tech toys dress up humor fun & games clearance home & dorm new arrivals sale party lighting lava lamps lamps & lighting posters drinkware drinking accessories fleece blankets tech toys incense & burners room accessories speakers black lights & accessories toys & figures medieval & fantasy decor car accessories holistic & healing home & dorm clearance movies & tv new arrivals sale superheroes villains television movies gaming cartoons disney celebrities horror sci fi & fantasy music new arrivals sale shop all music shop by genre music & band tees music posters 5 seconds of summer ac/dc all time low avenged sevenfold black veil brides bob marley bring me the horizon david bowie deadmau5 disturbed elvis eminem fall out boy fetty wap five finger death punch foo fighters guns n' roses grateful dead jimi hendrix icp justin bieber kiss led zeppelin lil wayne mac miller metallica machine gun kelly misfits nicki minaj nirvana notorious big pink floyd slipknot sublime the beatles tupac twenty one pilots wiz khalifa wu-tang clan other artists & bands baby baby boy baby girl baby bodysuits baby accessories baby costumes mommy to be baby clearance anime shop all anime assassination classroom attack on titan black butler cowboy bebop death note dragon ball z fairy tail fullmetal alchemist haikyu!! hatsune miku kill la kill naruto one piece one punch man pokemon sailor moon soul eater sword art online tokyo ghoul yo-kai watch anime tees anime hats anime posters anime fleece anime drinkware anime jewelry anime socks anime backpacks anime figures anime wallets anime belts summer girls swim guys swim drinking accessories beer pong beach hats pool floats bandanas water bottles beach towels spring break girls swim guys swim water bottles beach hats drinking accessories pool toys beer pong bandanas keychains & lanyards st patricks st patricks guys tees st patricks girls tees st patricks costumes & kilts st patricks hats st patricks drinking accessories st patricks accessories st patricks party suits halloween girls costumes guys costumes group & couple costumes costume tees costume pajamas baby costumes halloween masks halloween accessories wigs party supplies halloween decorations pet costumes shop by character holiday ugly christmas pajamas games & puzzles hats & beanies fleece blankets coffee mugs drinkware holiday naughty holiday humor watches boxers & briefs socks slippers ornaments & lights incense & burners ballin' on a budget gifts that don't suck top holiday gifts back to school new arrivals backpacks lava lamps fleece blankets posters room accessories socks beer pong pajamas drinking accessories drinkware tech toys party lighting sale clearance guest services returns & exchanges guest services: returns & exchanges we gurantee our body jewelry quality for lifeclick for details below 1 year replacement warranty on all vibrators we sellclick for details belowchevronjewelry lifetime replacement warrantywe stand behind our products and guarantee all jewelry, free from defects for life. if your item chips, the color fades or a stone falls out, we will replace it. if the item is no longer available, we will replace it with an equally valued piece of jewelry; your choice. simply contact us at 1-800-762-0419 or by email guestservices@spencersonline.com. we will help with care & handling tips or ship you a replacement if necessary.purchased in-store, no problem! simply return item to your local spencers for a fast, easy exchange. proof of purchase may be required. for additional help, contact us at 1-800-762-0419 or by email guestservices@spencersonline.com.chevron1 year replacement warranty on vibratorsspencer's provides a 1 year replacements warranty on all vibrators we sell. if you are expereincing issues with your vibrator, please reach out to our dedicated intimate support team at 1-800-762-0419 or email us at intimatesupport@spencersonline.com. they will help troubleshoot your concerns and if neccessary, ship you a replacement product.if you purchased your vibrator in one of our stores, there is no need to go back to the store. simply call our intimate support team at 1-800-762-0419 or email us at intimatesupport@spencersonline.com. our team of experts will troubleshoot your issues with you and if necessary, ship you a replacement product. commonly asked questionsus online returnsus online exchangescanada online return and exchangesin store return & exchange policy q: what is your return policy for us orders? a: we want you to feel awesome about your purchase. if by chance you need to make a return, we will gladly accept any unworn and unused items in their original packaging within 30 days of you receiving the items. please note: we cannot refund the shipping charges.spencer’s does not accept returns on intimate products, body jewelry, custom products, or clearance merchandise. please allow up to 3 business days after we receive your return for a credit to appear in your account. items purchased with a gift card will be refunded to that card.q: what is your return policy for canadian orders? a: we want you to feel awesome about your purchase. if by chance you need to make a return, we will gladly accept any unworn and unused items in their original packaging within 30 days of you receiving the items.q: what is your exchange policy for us orders? a: we want you to feel awesome about your purchase. if by chance you need to make an exchange, we will gladly accept any unworn and unused items in their original packaging within 30 days of you receiving the items.q: what is your return policy for canadian orders? a: we want you to feel awesome about your purchase. if by chance you need to make a return, we will gladly accept any unworn and unused items in their original packaging within 30 days of you receiving the items.q: what is your in store return policy? a: we will gladly accept products for return within 30 days of purchase that are unworn, in new condition and in their original sealed packaging. please be advised... we do not accept cash refunds.a spencer's gift card will be issued for returns of merchandise purchased with cash and gift cards.for purchases made with a credit card, a credit card will be issued to the credit card used for the original purchase.for purchases made with a debit card bearing a visa/mc logo, a credit will be issued to the debit card used for the original purchase. q: when should i see my refund? a: refunds are usually applied within 5-7 business days (monday-friday excluding holidays) from the date the returned product arrives at our warehouse. we ask that you please save your tracking information. q: what is your return policy for online orders? a: we want you to feel awesome about your purchase. if by chance you need to make a return, we will gladly accept any unworn and unused items in their original packaging within 30 days of you receiving the items. please note: we cannot refund the shipping charges.spencer’s does not accept returns on intimate products, body jewelry, custom products, or clearance merchandise. please allow up to 3 business days after we receive your return for a credit to appear in your account. items purchased with a gift card will be refunded to that card.q: how do i return my order? a: the invoice in your package will contain detailed instructions on how to return your order. please include your item(s) in your package along with your invoice.ship your item(s) back to: spencersonline.comattn: returns department1100 whitaker rd,plainfield, in 46168 all return shipping charges must be pre-paid. sorry, but we cannot accept c.o.d deliveries.please request a tracking number for your returned package.for your protection, we recommend that you insure your return shipment. please keep in mind that the original shipping cost of the order is non-refundable.q: when should i see my refund? a: refunds are usually applied within 5-7 business days (monday-friday excluding holidays) from the date the returned product arrives at our warehouse. we ask you please save your tracking information.q: can i return my online order in store? a: yes! if it is easier to return or exchange your order at a spencer's near you, we're totally cool with that! just follow these super simple steps below: take the product you want to return and your invoice to the spencer's nearest you.to locate the nearest spencer's store, please click here. we will credit the return to the original credit/debit card used to place your order. if purchase was made through paypal, the refund will be issued back to the credit/debit card presentyou should see the return posted to your credit/debit card within 2-3 business days (monday-friday excluding holidays).returns without the original invoice will be credited for the current selling price to a spencer's gift card which you can use for future purchases online or at a spencer's store.remember, we cannot refund the shipping charges! q: what is your exchange policy for online orders? a: we want you to feel awesome about your purchase. if by chance you need to make an exchange, we will gladly accept any unworn and unused items in their original packaging within 30 days of you receiving the items.q: how do i exchange my order? a: first, place a new order for the replacement item(s) you'd like. you need to place a new order so that we can be sure to have inventory on what you want and so we can send the items right away. once your new order is placed, you can return the original order to our warehouse for a refund. please refer to the ‘how do i return my order?’ question in the us online returns section for instructions on how to return your order. q: can i exchange my online order in store? a: yes! if it is easier to exchange your order at a spencer's near you, we're totally cool with that! just follow these super simple steps below: take the product you want to exchange and your invoice to the spencer's nearest you.to locate the nearest spencer's store, please click here. exchanges without the original invoice will be exchanged for something of equal value at the current selling cost of the item.remember, we cannot refund the shipping charges! q: what is the return policy for online orders? a: we want you to feel awesome about your purchase. if by chance you need to make a return, we will gladly accept any unworn and unused items in their original packaging within 30 days of you receiving the items.q: what is your exchange policy for online orders? a: we want you to feel awesome about your purchase. if by chance you need to make an exchange, we will gladly accept any unworn and unused items in their original packaging within 30 days of you receiving the items.q: how do i return my order? a: the invoice in your package will contain detailed instructions on how to return your order. please include your item(s) in your package along with your invoice.ship your item(s) back to: spencersonline.comattn: returns department1100 whitaker rd,plainfield, in 46168 all return shipping charges must be pre-paid. sorry, but we cannot accept c.o.d deliveries.please request a tracking number for your returned package.for your protection, we recommend that you insure your return shipment. q: how can i exchange my order? a: you will need to place a new order for the item(s) you would like to exchange. once the new order is placed you can then either ship the item(s) you no longer need back to our warehouse or return it to your local spencer's for a refund. remember the shipping cost of the order is nonrefundable.q: can i return or exchange my online order in store? a: yes! if it is easier to return your order at a spencer's near you, we're totally cool with that! just follow these super simple steps below: take the product you want to return and your invoice to the spencer's nearest you.to locate the nearest spencer's store, please click here. if you are doing a return, we will credit the return to the original credit/debit card used to place your order. if purchase was made through paypal, the refund will be issued back to the credit/debit card present.you should see the return posted to your credit/debit card within 2-3 business days (monday-friday excluding holidays).returns without the original invoice will be credited for the current selling price to a spencer's gift card that you can use for future purchases online or at a spencer's store.if you want to make an exchange the product item will be exchanged for something of equal value. should the invoice not be present the exchange will be made for something of equal value at the current selling cost of the item.remember, we cannot refund the shipping charges! q: can i refuse an international economy order? a: international economy shipments cannot be refused upon delivery. international economy is the cheapest shipping method for our canada orders. if an order is being shipped to canada that you no longer wish to keep you will need to either return the product to your local spencer’s store or you need to mail it back to our warehouse in pataskala, oh. the shipping cost to return the package is the responsibility of the guest. please keep in mind that a refund is only issued for the returned product, the shipping cost is nonrefundable.q: when should i see my refund? a: refunds are usually applied within 5-7 business days (monday-friday excluding holidays) from the date the returned product arrives at our warehouse. we ask you please save your tracking information. q: is your return policy posted in store? a: yes, our return policy is posted at our registers; as well as printed on our receipts. q: what is your return policy for spencer's in-store purchases? a: we will gladly accept products for return within 30 days of purchase that are unworn, in new condition and in their original sealed packaging. please be advised... we do not accept cash refunds.a spencer's gift card will be issued for returns of merchandise purchased with cash and gift cards.for purchases made with a credit card, a refund will be issued to the credit card used for the original purchase.for purchases made with a debit card bearing a visa/mc logo, a refund will be issued to the debit card used for the original purchase. q: what is your exchange policy for a spencer's in store purchase? a: we will gladly honor exchanges within 30 days of purchase on product that is unworn, in new condition, and in their original sealed packaging.q: what if i no longer have a receipt? a: for merchandise returns without a receipt, an exchange for other merchandise in the store or a spencer's gift card will be issued. exchanges and gift cards will be in the amount of the current selling price of the item returned. q: can i return or exchange my online order in store? a: yes! if it is easier to return or exchange your order at a spencer's near you, we're totally cool with that! just follow these super simple steps below: q: is it safe to use my credit/debit card online? a: spencersonline.com is a certified and secure site. we are protected by mcafee secure.q: do i have to pay with a credit card? a: if you are not comfortable placing your order with a credit/debit card online you can place the order with a spencer's gift card, a prepaid credit card, or paypal. with paypal you can make purchases without revealing your credit card number or financial information.q: is my card information saved for future purchases? a: for your protection your credit/debit card information is not saved in our system. each time you place an order you will be asked to supply the information again. for your protection, our orders are screened for potential fraud. please make sure that your billing address matches that of your payment method to avoid delays in processing your order. track my order payment options returns & exchanges shipping product info volume discounts my account find a store still need help? contact us email sign up be the first to find out about great store specials and online deals! you must agree to receive emails from spencer gifts llc. follow us make a difference help | opportunities | company info help my accountorder statusreturn policyshipping infoproduct infosite map opportunities spencer's careersjob applicationbe a spencer's modelaffiliatesnotices company info store locatorabout spencer'scharitable givingcalifornia transparency in supply chains act security & privacy | terms of use copyright © 2016 spencer gifts,llc