来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20161229134006/http://www.spencersonline.com/content.jsp?pageName=Shipping
================================================================================

guest services - shipping - spencer's sign in live chat help stores order status my account 0 item(s) search account cart trend shop clearance anime valentine's day girls new arrivals sale girls tees girls tank tops girls pajamas activewear sweatshirts & hoodies long sleeve girls jackets dresses leggings skirts shorts swimwear bras & panties baby girl extended sizes girls clearance guys new arrivals sale guys tees guys tank tops sweatshirts & hoodies long sleeve guys pajamas guys jackets party suits hats & beanies boxers & briefs shorts & boardshorts casual tops extended sizes baby boy guys clearance tees shop all guys tees shop all girls tees funny tees music & band tees superhero tees movie tees tv tees anime tees cartoon tees gamer tees disney tees political tees costume tees clearance tees valentines day naughty gifts to share lingerie bondage booty on a budget naughty girls naughty guys top valentines gifts girls pajamas guys pajamas panties boxers & briefs watches wallets fantasy dress up naughty toys naughty novelty sex games kits & samplers dance poles handcuffs & restraints lubes & lotions for the shower massage accessories new arrivals sale backpacks body jewelry jewelry watches hats & beanies belts & buckles wallets keychains & lanyards socks hair & beauty scarves & bandanas sunglasses suspenders & bow ties gloves & armwarmers pins & buttons slippers footwear handbags & totes baby accessories pet accessories umbrellas accessories clearance naughty new arrivals sale vibrators dildos lingerie handcuffs & restraints mens sex toys sex toys bondage dance poles lubes & lotions naughty novelty vibrating panties massage for the couple hygiene & care naughty clearance fun & games new arrivals sale drinkware drinking accessories beer pong bachelorette party bachelor party birthday books gags & pranks bathroom humor adult humor office humor political humor toys & figures games & puzzles tech toys dress up humor fun & games clearance home & dorm new arrivals sale party lighting lava lamps lamps & lighting posters drinkware drinking accessories fleece blankets tech toys incense & burners room accessories speakers black lights & accessories toys & figures medieval & fantasy decor car accessories holistic & healing home & dorm clearance movies & tv new arrivals sale superheroes villains television movies gaming cartoons disney celebrities horror sci fi & fantasy music new arrivals sale shop all music shop by genre music & band tees music posters 5 seconds of summer ac/dc all time low avenged sevenfold black veil brides bob marley bring me the horizon david bowie deadmau5 disturbed elvis eminem fall out boy fetty wap five finger death punch foo fighters guns n' roses grateful dead jimi hendrix icp justin bieber kiss led zeppelin lil wayne mac miller metallica machine gun kelly misfits nicki minaj nirvana notorious big pink floyd slipknot sublime the beatles tupac twenty one pilots wiz khalifa wu-tang clan other artists & bands baby baby boy baby girl baby bodysuits baby accessories baby costumes mommy to be baby clearance anime shop all anime assassination classroom attack on titan black butler cowboy bebop death note dragon ball z fairy tail fullmetal alchemist haikyu!! hatsune miku kill la kill naruto one piece one punch man pokemon sailor moon soul eater sword art online tokyo ghoul yo-kai watch anime tees anime hats anime posters anime fleece anime drinkware anime jewelry anime socks anime backpacks anime figures anime wallets anime belts summer girls swim guys swim drinking accessories beer pong beach hats pool floats bandanas water bottles beach towels spring break girls swim guys swim water bottles beach hats drinking accessories pool toys beer pong bandanas keychains & lanyards st patricks st patricks guys tees st patricks girls tees st patricks costumes & kilts st patricks hats st patricks drinking accessories st patricks accessories st patricks party suits halloween girls costumes guys costumes group & couple costumes costume tees costume pajamas baby costumes halloween masks halloween accessories wigs party supplies halloween decorations pet costumes shop by character holiday ugly christmas pajamas games & puzzles hats & beanies fleece blankets coffee mugs drinkware holiday naughty holiday humor watches boxers & briefs socks slippers ornaments & lights incense & burners ballin' on a budget gifts that don't suck top holiday gifts back to school new arrivals backpacks lava lamps fleece blankets posters room accessories socks beer pong pajamas drinking accessories drinkware tech toys party lighting sale clearance guest services shipping & processing guest services:shipping & processing important information all deliveries are pending approval and merchandise availability.all orders ship same or next business day, monday-friday excluding holidays.orders must be in before 12 pm est to ship out same business day.orders shipped via economy, standard, or second day may deliver on saturday if offered by your local post office.standard shipping typically arrives in 3 business days. rural and remote areas may incur longer delivery times. orders shipped via overnight are not delivered on saturday and sundays. our carriers do not require a signature. if you are not home, the package will be left at your address. rural and remote areas such as wa, or, and me may take longer. please use the estimated delivery date calculator for more accurate delivery information. watch for emails from our company. check your spam folder, as our emails do sometimes end up there. we may need additional information to process your order. important information commonly asked questions shipment status us shipping canada shipping international shipping all deliveries are pending approval and merchandise availability. all orders ship same or next business day, monday-friday excluding holidays. orders must be in before 12 pm est to ship out same business day. orders shipped via economy, standard, or second day may deliver on saturday if offered by your local post office. standard shipping typically arrives in 3 business days. rural and remote areas may incur longer delivery times. orders shipped via overnight are not delivered on saturday and sundays. international economy is delivered by canada post. if you receive postal mail on saturday then your package may be delivered on the weekends. international priority is delivered monday-friday. it is not delivered saturday and sunday. our carriers do not require a signature. if you are not home, the package will be left at your address. rural and remote areas such as wa, or, and me may take longer. please use the estimated delivery date calculator for more accurate delivery information. watch for emails from our company. check your spam folder, as our emails do sometimes end up there. we may need additional information to process your order. q: will i be notified when my order is shipped? a: once your order has shipped, a tracking confirmation will be sent to the email address submitted with the order. this email will contain your tracking number which we advise be used to track your package and ensure proper delivery. q: when will i receive my order? a: all orders ship same day or next business day, monday-friday excluding holidays, depending on processing and carrier pick up time. once the order has shipped, how quickly it is delivered depends on the shipping method selected. estimated delivery dates are provided at checkout. please keep in mind they are estimates only---we do not guarantee the delivery date. please see the chart below to view the shipping timeframes associated with our shipping methods. shipping times explanation shipping method processing time** delivery times total delivery time economy 1 business day 6-8 business days* 7-9 business days* standard ground & usps priority 1 business day 1-3 business days* 2-4 business days* second day & canada express 1 business day 1-2 business days* 2-3 business days* overnight 1 business day 1 business day* 2 business days* canada economy 1 business day 4-10 business days* 5-11 business days* q: how can i track my order? a: tracking information for your order can be found on ourorder statuspage or themy accountpage. please allow 24-48 business hours (monday-friday, excluding holidays) for the tracking information to be updated on the carrier website. q: my order has shipped, but i still can't track it. a: tracking information may not be available for the first 24 to 48 hours after you receive your shipping confirmation email. q: what are the shipping options for orders shipped to the states? a: the shipping options available for the us are provided in the chart below: shipping service area available service areas shipping method alaska, hawaii, puerto rico, apo, fpo, po boxes usps priority lower 48 states only economy & standard ground canada canada economy & canada express lower 48 states only second day & overnight q: do you ship to canada? a: we ship to canada via canadian postal service economy (6-11 business days) or fedex international priority (1-3 business days). we are not responsible for delays caused by customs. all prices are in us dollars, so additional charges may apply from your bank due to the currency conversion. q: does spencer's ship internationally? a: spencer’s currently ships to canada, puerto rico, and apo/fpo/dpo addresses. q: what is the status of my order? a: you can check you order status with your email address or order number and billing zip code through theorder statuspage. if you have a spencer's account you can also check your order status through themy account page. here are some terms that will help you understand your order status. open- order has been received in process- order transmitted to warehouse to start the packing and shipping process partially shipped- some of your items have been shipped. you card has been charged for the product that shipped and the shipping cost. shipped- you entire order has been processed and shipped and your card has been charged. cancelled- your order has been canceled and you have not been charged. q: when will i receive my order? a: all orders ship same day or next business day, monday-friday excluding holidays, depending on processing and carrier pick up time. once the order has shipped, how quickly it is delivered depends on the shipping method selected. estimated delivery dates are provided at checkout. please keep in mind they are estimates only---we do not guarantee the delivery date. please see the chart below to view the shipping timeframes associated with our shipping methods. q: will i be notified when my order is shipped? a: once your order has shipped, a tracking confirmation will be sent to the email address submitted with the order. this email will contain your tracking number which we advise be used to track your package and ensure proper delivery. q: how can i track my order? a: tracking information for your order can be found on ourorder statuspage or themy accountpage. please allow 24-48 business hours (monday-friday, excluding holidays) for the tracking information to be updated on the carrier website. q: my order has shipped, but i still can't track it. a: tracking information may not be available for the first 24 to 48 hours after you receive your shipping confirmation email. q: i don't have my package but tracking shows delivered. a: please check all places around your home that the package may be left upon delivery. sometimes the order may be left at a side/back door or hidden behind a plant or furniture in front of the house. we also suggest that you check with your neighbors or the others in your household to see if the package was accepted on your behalf. if the order was delivered to an apartment or office building please check with the management office or receptionist. if the order was placed with economy shipping the final delivery would have been made by the us postal service. please check your mailbox, parcel locker, or community box for the package. we also suggest reaching out to your local post office and see if the package is being held on the notice left shelf for pick up. q: important information q: what are the shipping options for orders shipped to the states? a: the shipping options available for the us are provided in the chart below: q: can i ship to a po box? a:yes!at this time the only shipping method not available for packages going to a po box is overnight delivery. if you need the package overnight you will need to provide a physical address. q: does my shipping address need to match my billing address? a: no! during checkout you will be asked for your billing information first. once the billing information is provided you will need to select the ‘continue’ button to proceed to the next step: shipping & gift options. once you are in the shipping & gift options section select the bubble next to ‘ship items to a different address’. once this bubble is selected the form for the shipping address should appear. the screen should look like the image below: q: why is there an additional handling fee on oversized products? a: due to the size and weight of some products, an additional handling fee is applied. the oversized handling fee will be noted in the product detail page. you will see the handling fee added to your total charges upon checkout. q: can i ship to an apo/fpo address? a: yes! all apo/fpo orders ship via usps priority. tracking detail is available until the package is delivered to the military post office. once it is delivered to the base, no further tracking information will be available and delivery time can take an additional 1-5 days depending on base checkpoint delivery. q: i am shipping to an apo/fpo address but it won’t let me select a shipping method? a: if you are unable to select a shipping method once you have added all items of interest to your cart that means there is a restricted item(s) in the cart. these usually include customized shirts, old school design shirts, liquids and aerosol products. you may want to check with your base to make sure none of the items you are ordering are not prohibited in the area you are stationed. if you remove the restricted items from your cart a shipping method should become available. q: why won't my shopping cart let me ship second day or overnight? a: okay, here's the deal. some products can't go on planes because they're considered "hazardous materials". what that means is they could spill or leak. as a result, we have to send that stuff to you via standard ground or economy shipping. items that airlines consider hazardous materials include (but aren't limited to) lava lamps, lubricants, aerosol and liquid products. you have a couple of options: you can: 1. have your entire order arrive via ground shipping or 2. place two separate orders, one with the hazardous materials arriving via ground and one with the rest of your order arriving however you want. q: can i ship to a different address other than my billing? a: yes! simply use the drop down menu in the 'shipping information' section to select the option for somewhere else or some else: once you make a selection you should see this information provided below pop up and all you will need to do is enter in the shipping information: q: if i am paying with paypal, can i select a different shipping address? a: of course! you will have two opportunities to change your shipping address when placing the order. the first opportunity will be after you sign into you paypal account as the first question paypal ask is if the address provided is the address you want the order shipped to. if you forgot to change the shipping address before hitting continue it’s all cool, you will be redirected to our website where you will be able to review and change your order before hitting ‘submit’. q: when will i receive my order? a: all orders ship same day or next business day, monday-friday excluding holidays, depending on processing and carrier pick up time. once the order has shipped, how quickly it is delivered depends on the shipping method selected. estimated delivery dates are provided at checkout. please keep in mind they are estimates only---we do not guarantee the delivery date. please see the chart below to view the shipping timeframes associated with our shipping methods. q: how do you determine shipping and handling cost? a: shipping costs are a combination of the base rate of the shipping method you select and the dimensional shipping weight of the package being shipped. the following table shows the prices for our shipping methods. basic shipping rates - us shipping shipping cost additional costs** economy $4.99 $4.99 + $1.00 per lb over 1 lb standard ground & usps priority $8.99 $8.99 + $1.75 per lb over 1 lb second day $14.99 $14.99 + $2.75 per lb over 1 lb overnight $19.99 $19.99 + $2.75 per lb over 1 lb most items are considered to be one pound or more each, as our carriers do not allow calculations based on fractions of a pound. q: why is there an additional handling fee on oversized products? a: due to the size and weight of some products, an additional handling fee is applied. the oversized handling fee will be noted in the product detail page. you will see the handling fee added to your total charges upon checkout. things to remember for economy, standard, second day, and usps priority shipping: if you have choseneconomyshipping, the final delivery will be made byusps; please allow an additional 1-3 business days for delivery once it has been delivered to your local post office facility. standard and second day will be shipped via usps and if you receive postal delivery on saturdays, you may recieve weekend delivery if you have allowed the time above, please see if someone else has accepted the delivery. check with household members, neighbors, building managers, the mail room, front desk, and leasing office. look around the delivery location; carriers sometimes leave packages in a safe place if you are unavailable to accept the delivery. please check your front door, back door, side porch, in/around your garage, and behind bushes. check your mailbox. smaller items or items in soft packages are likely to be delivered there. check your parcel locker key. if your mailbox is in a multiple box unit or your package is addressed to a p.o. box, check your box for a key to a parcel locker where the package may have been delivered. check for a mail hold. if the u.s. postal service is holding your mail, your package will not be delivered. look for a notice of attempted delivery. you may find an attempted delivery notice in your mailbox or p.o. box or on your door. follow the instructions on that notice to request redelivery or to pick up the package. if you still cannot find the package, please contact your local post office. ask if they have additional information about the package's location. please have your tracking information that was sent to your email address handy. things to remember for overnight shipping: if you have chosen standard, canada priority, and overnight shipping, your order will be delivered to you via fedex. if you have chosenovernightorcanada economy, your order will delivered to you via canadian postal service. if you have allowed the time above, please see if someone else has accepted the delivery. check with household members, neighbors, building managers, the mail room, front desk, and leasing office. look around the delivery location; carriers sometimes leave packages in a safe place if you are unavailable to accept the delivery. please check your front door, back door, side porch, in/around your garage, and behind bushes. check your mailbox. smaller items or items in soft packages are likely to be delivered there. check your parcel locker key. if your mailbox is in a multiple box unit or your package is addressed to a p.o. box, check your box for a key to a parcel locker where the package may have been delivered. check for a mail hold. if the u.s. postal service is holding your mail, your package will not be delivered. look for a notice of attempted delivery. you may find an attempted delivery notice in your mailbox or p.o. box or on your door. follow the instructions on that notice to request redelivery or to pick up the package. if you still cannot find the package, please contact fedex. ask if they have additional information about the package's location. (have your tracking or delivery confirmation number handy.) if your package was shipped via fedex, they may be able to hold the package at their local hub for you to pick up.you can call fedex at 1-800-463-3339for further information on your package. q: what if my package is returned to shipper? occasionally, packages are returned to us as undeliverable. when the carrier returns an undeliverable package to us, we issue a refund for your merchandise (shipping is non-refundable).we are unable to re-ship orders that are returned to us as undeliverable. if you would like to purchase items that were undeliverable, you are welcome to place a new order on our website. q: important information q: do you ship to canada? a: we ship to canada via canadian postal service economy (6-11 business days) or fedex international priority (1-3 business days). we are not responsible for delays caused by customs. all prices are in us dollars, so additional charges may apply from your bank due to the currency conversion. q: can i ship to a po box? a:yes! at this time the only shipping method not available for packages going to a po box is overnight delivery. if you need the package overnight you will need to provide a physical address. q: does my shipping address need to match my billing address? a: no! during checkout you will be asked for your billing information first. once the billing information is provided you will need to select the ‘continue’ button to proceed to the next step: shipping & gift options. once you are in the shipping & gift options section select the bubble next to ‘ship items to a different address’. once this bubble is selected the form for the shipping address should appear. the screen should look like the image below: q: if i am paying with paypal, can i select a different shipping address? a: of course! you will have two opportunities to change your shipping address when placing the order. the first opportunity will be after you sign into you paypal account as the first question paypal ask is if the address provided is the address you want the order shipped to. if you forgot to change the shipping address before hitting continue it’s all cool, you will be redirected to our website where you will be able to review and change your order before hitting ‘submit’. q: what are the shipping options for orders shipped to canada? a: the chart below shows the shipping options available to canada: q: when will i receive my order? a: all orders ship same day or next business day, monday-friday excluding holidays, depending on processing and carrier pick up time. once the order has shipped, how quickly it is delivered depends on the shipping method selected. estimated delivery dates are provided at checkout. please keep in mind they are estimates only---we do not guarantee the delivery date. please see the chart below to view the shipping timeframes associated with our shipping methods. shipping times explanation shipping method processing time** delivery times total delivery time economy 1 business day 6-8 business days* 7-9 business days* standard ground & usps priority 1 business day 1-3 business days* 2-4 business days* second day & canada express 1 business day 1-2 business days* 2-3 business days* overnight 1 business day 1 business day* 2 business days* canada economy 1 business day 4-10 business days* 5-11 business days* q: how do you determine shipping and handling cost? a: shipping costs are a combination of the base rate of the shipping method you select and the dimensional shipping weight of the package being shipped. the following table shows the prices for our shipping methods. basic shipping rates - canada shipping shipping cost additional costs** international economy $7.99 $7.99 + $2.25 per lb over 1 lb canada express $45.00 $45.00 + $3.75 per lb over 1 lb most items are considered to be one pound or more each, as our carriers do not allow calculations based on fractions of a pound. q: will i be charged duties and taxes? a: the shipping charges paid on the order reflect the fees for delivering your package. you will be responsible to pay any additional taxes, duties, or fees upon arrival of the delivery. spencersonline.com is unable to estimate costs associated with the additional fees. you can contact the canadian customs office for more information on duties and taxes. please familiarize yourself with customs laws prior to ordering. q: why is there an additional handling fee on oversized products? a: due to the size and weight of some products, an additional handling fee is applied. the oversized handling fee will be noted in the product detail page. you will see the handling fee added to your total charges upon checkout. q: why is there no shipping option available? a: some items may be restricted and are not allowed to be shipped to canada at this time. this includes customized shirts, old school design shirts, liquids and aerosol products, and some oversized items. if the restricted items are removed from your cart the shipping method should become available. q: what if my package is returned to shipper? a: occasionally, packages are returned to us as undeliverable. when the carrier returns an undeliverable package to us, we issue a refund for your merchandise (shipping is non-refundable). we are unable to re-ship orders that are returned to us as undeliverable. if you would like to purchase items that were undeliverable, you are welcome to place a new order on our website. q: does spencer's ship internationally? a:spencer's currently ships to canada, puerto rico, and apo/fpo/dpo addresses. q: how do i place my order? a: simply put any spencer’s item(s) you wish to purchase in your shopping cart and choose the  "checkout" option on the cart page. q: what countries can you ship to? a: spencer’s currently ships to canada, puerto rico, and apo/fpo/dpo addresses. q: what shipping methods are available for international shipment? a: for shipments going to canada you have the option of international economy, about 6-11 business days, or international priority, about 1-3 business days. for shipments going to puerto rico or apo/fpo/dpo addresses the packages are shipped via usps. please note that for apo/fpo/dpo packages the tracking provided will only be from our warehouse to the us base. once the us base receives the package it will follow normal procedures for getting the shipment overseas. q: what is the shipping cost of my order? a: shipping cost is based on the dimensional shipping weight of the package. the best way to determine the shipping cost of your purchase would be to add the items to your cart and proceed to checkout. please note: the shipping options offered on the cart page are for shipments going to the us, puerto rico, and apo/fpo/dpo addresses only. the cost for canadian shipments, international economy and international priority, will not be offered or displayed until you proceed to the checkout page. q: what is the status of my order? spencer’s sends you an order confirmation email and a shipment confirmation email once the order has been placed. you can also check the status of your order by using the order status page. q: how do i track my package? a: once your order has been shipped you will receive a shipment confirmation email from spencer’s. this will contain your tracking number as well as an estimated delivery date. for assistance with tracking international economy packages please refer our canada shipping page. track my order payment options returns & exchanges shipping product info volume discounts my account find a store still need help? contact us email sign up be the first to find out about great store specials and online deals! you must agree to receive emails from spencer gifts llc. follow us make a difference help | opportunities | company info help my account order status return policy shipping info product info site map opportunities spencer's careers job application be a spencer's model affiliates notices company info store locator about spencer's charitable giving california transparency in supply chains act smart wheelz hoverboard safety information security & privacy | terms of use copyright © 2016 spencer gifts,llc