来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20161229134006/http://www.spencersonline.com/content.jsp?pageName=Terms
================================================================================

company information > about > terms of use - spencer's sign in live chat help stores order status my account 0 item(s) search account cart trend shop clearance anime valentine's day girls new arrivals sale girls tees girls tank tops girls pajamas activewear sweatshirts & hoodies long sleeve girls jackets dresses leggings skirts shorts swimwear bras & panties baby girl extended sizes girls clearance guys new arrivals sale guys tees guys tank tops sweatshirts & hoodies long sleeve guys pajamas guys jackets party suits hats & beanies boxers & briefs shorts & boardshorts casual tops extended sizes baby boy guys clearance tees shop all guys tees shop all girls tees funny tees music & band tees superhero tees movie tees tv tees anime tees cartoon tees gamer tees disney tees political tees costume tees clearance tees valentines day naughty gifts to share lingerie bondage booty on a budget naughty girls naughty guys top valentines gifts girls pajamas guys pajamas panties boxers & briefs watches wallets fantasy dress up naughty toys naughty novelty sex games kits & samplers dance poles handcuffs & restraints lubes & lotions for the shower massage accessories new arrivals sale backpacks body jewelry jewelry watches hats & beanies belts & buckles wallets keychains & lanyards socks hair & beauty scarves & bandanas sunglasses suspenders & bow ties gloves & armwarmers pins & buttons slippers footwear handbags & totes baby accessories pet accessories umbrellas accessories clearance naughty new arrivals sale vibrators dildos lingerie handcuffs & restraints mens sex toys sex toys bondage dance poles lubes & lotions naughty novelty vibrating panties massage for the couple hygiene & care naughty clearance fun & games new arrivals sale drinkware drinking accessories beer pong bachelorette party bachelor party birthday books gags & pranks bathroom humor adult humor office humor political humor toys & figures games & puzzles tech toys dress up humor fun & games clearance home & dorm new arrivals sale party lighting lava lamps lamps & lighting posters drinkware drinking accessories fleece blankets tech toys incense & burners room accessories speakers black lights & accessories toys & figures medieval & fantasy decor car accessories holistic & healing home & dorm clearance movies & tv new arrivals sale superheroes villains television movies gaming cartoons disney celebrities horror sci fi & fantasy music new arrivals sale shop all music shop by genre music & band tees music posters 5 seconds of summer ac/dc all time low avenged sevenfold black veil brides bob marley bring me the horizon david bowie deadmau5 disturbed elvis eminem fall out boy fetty wap five finger death punch foo fighters guns n' roses grateful dead jimi hendrix icp justin bieber kiss led zeppelin lil wayne mac miller metallica machine gun kelly misfits nicki minaj nirvana notorious big pink floyd slipknot sublime the beatles tupac twenty one pilots wiz khalifa wu-tang clan other artists & bands baby baby boy baby girl baby bodysuits baby accessories baby costumes mommy to be baby clearance anime shop all anime assassination classroom attack on titan black butler cowboy bebop death note dragon ball z fairy tail fullmetal alchemist haikyu!! hatsune miku kill la kill naruto one piece one punch man pokemon sailor moon soul eater sword art online tokyo ghoul yo-kai watch anime tees anime hats anime posters anime fleece anime drinkware anime jewelry anime socks anime backpacks anime figures anime wallets anime belts summer girls swim guys swim drinking accessories beer pong beach hats pool floats bandanas water bottles beach towels spring break girls swim guys swim water bottles beach hats drinking accessories pool toys beer pong bandanas keychains & lanyards st patricks st patricks guys tees st patricks girls tees st patricks costumes & kilts st patricks hats st patricks drinking accessories st patricks accessories st patricks party suits halloween girls costumes guys costumes group & couple costumes costume tees costume pajamas baby costumes halloween masks halloween accessories wigs party supplies halloween decorations pet costumes shop by character holiday ugly christmas pajamas games & puzzles hats & beanies fleece blankets coffee mugs drinkware holiday naughty holiday humor watches boxers & briefs socks slippers ornaments & lights incense & burners ballin' on a budget gifts that don't suck top holiday gifts back to school new arrivals backpacks lava lamps fleece blankets posters room accessories socks beer pong pajamas drinking accessories drinkware tech toys party lighting sale clearance company information: terms of use introduction spencer gifts llc ("spencer's") maintains this site (the "site") for your personal entertainment, information, education, and communication. please feel free to browse the site. you may download material displayed on the site for non-commercial, personal use only provided you also retain all copyright and other proprietary notices contained on the materials. you may not, however, distribute, modify, transmit, reuse, re-post, or use the content of the site for public or commercial purposes, including the text, images, audio, and video without the prior written permission of spencer's. your access to and use of the site is also subject to the following terms and conditions ("terms and conditions") and all applicable laws. by accessing and browsing the site, you accept, without limitation or qualification, these terms and conditions. if you do not agree to these terms and conditions, please do not use the site. terms and conditions copyright notice you should assume that everything you see or read on the site is copyrighted unless otherwise noted, and may not be used except as provided in these terms and conditions without the prior written permission of spencer's. spencer's neither warrants nor represents that your use of materials displayed on the site will not infringe rights of third parties not owned by or affiliated with spencer's. images of people or places displayed on the site are either the property of, or used with permission by, spencer's. the use of these images by you, or anyone else authorized by you, is prohibited unless specifically permitted by these terms and conditions or specific permission provided elsewhere on the site. any unauthorized use of the images may violate copyright laws, trademark laws, the laws of privacy and publicity, and communications regulations and statutes. site content accuracy & limitation of liability while spencer's uses reasonable efforts to include accurate and up to date information on the site, spencer's makes no warranties or representations as to its accuracy. spencer's assumes no liability or responsibility for any errors or omissions in the content of the site. your use of and browsing on the site are at your risk. to the extent allowable by law, neither spencer's nor any other party involved in creating, producing, or delivering the site is liable for any direct, incidental, consequential, indirect, or punitive damages arising out of your access to, or use of, the site. spencer's also assumes no responsibility, and shall not be liable for, any damages to, or viruses that may infect, your computer equipment or other property on account of your access to, use of, or browsing on the site or your downloading of any materials, data, text, images, video, or audio from the site. notwithstanding the above, nothing in this provision shall be understood to limit spencer’s liability (1) for personal injury or death (a) resulting from your use of this site and (b) caused by spencer’s own negligent, intentional, or otherwise unlawful misconduct or (2) for any damages caused by spencer’s failure to adhere to reasonable measures to protect your personal information, as described in our security & privacy policy. no confidentiality while we are always happy to hear from you, it is the policy of spencer's not to accept or consider creative materials, ideas, or suggestions other than those we specifically request. this is to avoid any misunderstandings if your ideas are similar to those we have developed independently. therefore we must request that you do not send to us any original creative materials such as screenplays, stories, original artwork, etc. any such communication or material you do transmit to the site by electronic mail or otherwise will be treated as non-confidential and non-proprietary. anything you transmit or post may be used by spencer's or its affiliates for any purpose, including, but not limited to, reproduction, disclosure, transmission, publication, broadcast and posting. furthermore, spencer's is free to use any ideas, concepts, know-how, or techniques contained in any communication you send to the site for any purpose whatsoever including, but not limited to, developing, manufacturing and marketing products using such information. trademark notice the trademarks, logos, and service marks (collectively the "trademarks") displayed on the site are registered and unregistered trademarks of spencer's and others. nothing contained on the site should be construed as granting, by implication, estoppel, or otherwise, any license or right to use any trademark displayed on the site without the prior written permission of spencer's or such third party that may own the trademarks displayed on the site. your misuse of the trademarks displayed on the site, or any other content on the site, except as provided in these terms and conditions, is strictly prohibited. you are also advised that spencer's will aggressively enforce its intellectual property rights to the fullest extent of the law, including the seeking of criminal prosecution. third party links spencer's has not reviewed all of the sites linked to the site and is not responsible for the content of any off-site pages or any other sites linked to the site. your linking to any other off-site pages or other sites is at your own risk. inappropriate site content although spencer's may from time to time monitor or review discussions, chats, postings, transmissions, bulletin boards, and the like on the site, spencer's is under no obligation to do so and assumes no responsibility or liability arising from the content of any such locations nor for any error, defamation, libel, slander, omission, falsehood, obscenity, pornography, profanity, danger, or inaccuracy contained in any information within such locations on the site. you are prohibited from posting or transmitting any unlawful, threatening, libelous, defamatory, obscene, scandalous, inflammatory, pornographic, or profane material or any material that could constitute or encourage conduct that would be considered a criminal offense, give rise to civil liability, or otherwise violate any law. spencer's will fully cooperate with any law enforcement authorities or court order requesting or directing spencer's to disclose the identity of anyone posting any such information or materials. indemnification you agree to indemnify, defend and hold spencer's and its parent, subsidiaries and affiliates, and their respective officers, directors, owners, agents, information providers and licensors (collectively, the "indemnified parties") harmless from and against any and all claims, liability, losses, costs and expenses (including attorneys' fees) incurred by any indemnified party in connection with any breach by you of these terms and conditions. spencer's reserves the right, at its own expense, to assume the exclusive defense and control of any matter otherwise subject to indemnification by you, and in such case, you agree to cooperate with spencer's defense of such claim. jurisdiction, applicable law, and export restrictions the site is controlled by spencer's from its offices within the state of new jersey, united states of america. spencer's makes no representation that materials on the site are appropriate or available for use in other locations and other countries. those who choose to access the site from other locations do so on their own initiative and are responsible for compliance with local laws, if and to the extent local laws are applicable. these terms and conditions shall be governed by, construed and enforced in accordance with the laws of the state of new jersey, as it is applied to agreements entered into and to be performed entirely within such state. any action you, any third party or spencer's bring to enforce these terms and conditions or, in connection with, any matters related to the site shall be brought only in either the state or federal courts of the state of new jersey, and you expressly consent to the jurisdiction of said courts. software from this site is further subject to united states export controls. no software from this site may be downloaded or exported (i) into (or to a national or resident of) cuba, iraq, libya, north korea, iran, syria, or any other country to which the united states has embargoed goods; or (ii) anyone on the united states treasury department's list of specially designated nationals or the u.s. commerce department's table of deny orders. by downloading or using the software, you represent and warrant that you are not located in, under the control of, or a national or resident of any such country or on any such list. spencer's reserves all rights to any software associated with the site. such software is protected by copyright and other intellectual property laws and treatise. revisions spencer's may revise these terms and conditions from time to time without notice. you are bound by any such revisions and should, therefore, periodically visit this page to review the then current terms and conditions to which you are bound. your continued use of the site after such revisions constitutes your acceptance of and agreement with such changes. entirety of agreement these terms and conditions constitute the entire agreement between the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof and supersedes and replaces all prior or contemporaneous understandings or agreements, written or oral, regarding such subject matter. any waiver of any provision of these terms and conditions will be effective only if in writing signed by an officer of spencer's. severability if any provision of these terms and conditions shall be unlawful, void, or for any reason unenforceable, then that provision shall be deemed severable from these terms and conditions and shall not affect the validity and enforceability of any remaining provisions. copyright 2016 spencer gifts llc all rights reserved. do not duplicate or redistribute in any form. email sign up be the first to find out about great store specials and online deals! you must agree to receive emails from spencer gifts llc. follow us make a difference help | opportunities | company info help my accountorder statusreturn policyshipping infoproduct infosite map opportunities spencer's careersjob applicationbe a spencer's modelaffiliatesnotices company info store locatorabout spencer'scharitable givingcalifornia transparency in supply chains act security & privacy | terms of use copyright © 2016 spencer gifts,llc