来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20211228033521/https://www.spencersonline.com/content.jsp?pageName=SecPriv
================================================================================

company information > about > security & privacy - spencer's sign in live chat help stores order status my account 0 item(s) search account cart graphic tees new arrivals top sellers trending now view all t shirts steven rhodes t shirts plus size t shirts statement t shirts music & band t shirts movie t shirts tv t shirts horror t shirts hentai t shirts anime t shirts funny t shirts tie dye t shirts button down shirts holiday t shirts clearance t shirts body jewelry top sellers barbell jewelry belly button rings body sensitive – astm f-136 titanium cartilage earrings ear gauges, plugs & stretching eyebrow rings fake body jewelry fashion jewelry horseshoes & captives lip rings & labret jewelry nipple rings nose rings & nose studs organics piercing aftercare playboy jewelry retainers septum rings silicone tongue rings fashion new arrivals alt girl backpacks belts & buckles bottoms boxers button down shirts face masks fanny packs & bags hair & beauty hats & beanies jewelry keychains & lanyards lunch boxes loungewear mini backpacks pajamas slippers socks sunglasses sweatshirts & hoodies tank tops tees wallets naughty new arrivals vibrators dildos strap-ons mens sex toys couples sex toys sexual enhancements anal toys bondage gear handcuffs & restraints stripper poles spencer exclusives lubes & lotions sex toy kits adult novelties lingerie sex toy batteries & hygiene lingerie new arrivals view all lingerie babydolls & slips body stockings bridal lingerie corsets & bustiers fantasy dress up holiday lingerie hosiery lingerie dresses naughty sleepwear bras & panties pasties & garters plus size lingerie teddies & bodysuits party bachelor party bachelorette party beer bongs beer pong tables & accessories birthday black lights & accessories drinking accessories drinkware games & puzzles party lighting drinkware gifts & gags lava lamps fleece blankets room accessories kitchen & bar posters flags tapestries & wall art holistic & healing gags & pranks toys & figures funny gifts storage jars & boxes ashtrays books tech toys pop culture anime disney festival funko gaming horror marshmello movies pride shonen jump music-shop by artist music-shop by genre steven rhodes superheroes television seasonal christmas valentine's day st. patrick's day festival americana pride backpacks halloween clearance clearance t shirts accessories clearance party clearance naughty clearance seasonal clearance spencer gifts online privacy policy last updated: december, 2019 this privacy policy describes how spencer gifts llc ("spencer's", "we", "our", "us") may collect, use, or share information it receives through www.spencersonline.com (the site. this privacy policy does not apply to the practices of companies that spencer's does not own or control. i. collection of information a. information you provide we may obtain information that you provide directly to us on the site, for example when you sign up for email communications, register an account on the site, enter promotions and sweepstakes, make purchases or donations on the site, contact customer service (including through the site's live chat feature), participate in surveys, make a product request, or otherwise interact with the site. this information may include personal information, which is information that can be used to identify you individually, such as your name, mailing address, billing address, email address, phone number, occupation, company affiliation, username, or payment card information. if you submit to us someone else's personal information (e.g., their contact or mailing/shipping information), you represent that you are authorized to provide this information to us. b. information collected automatically in addition to information you submit through the site, we may collect certain information using automated tools, such as cookies. "cookies" are small data files stored by your web browser on your device. cookies may allow a website to recognize a user's device, record user preferences, track the pages a user clicks on while visiting the website, and identify the website visited immediately beforehand. most web browsers accept cookies by default, but you may be able to adjust your browser settings to remove or reject cookies. please note that blocking cookies may affect the availability and functionality of the site and other websites. also, disabling cookies may invalidate opt outs that use cookies to recognize devices that have opted out. the types of information we collect automatically when you visit the site may include ip addresses, device identifiers, browser characteristics, operating system details, language preferences, referring urls, length of visits, anonymous traffic data, and pages viewed. we may use gps (global positioning systems) software, geo-filtering, and other location-aware technologies to locate you, sometimes precisely, for purposes such as verifying your location and delivering or restricting content based on your location. our store locator's feature may access and use information about your device location (e.g., based on your ip address) to suggest appropriate store locations. our site may be personalized based on various information we have about you to provide you with more location-relevant content. we may combine certain automatically-collected information with other information we obtain about you, which may include information we obtain from third parties. we or third parties may collect personal information about your online activities over time and across different websites when you use the site. data analytics and advertising we may use third-party technology, such as facebook, to collect and use data in connection with interest-based advertising. these third-party ad technology companies and advertisers may use, store, or access cookies, web beacons, and other storage technologies to collect or receive information from the site and elsewhere on the internet and use that information to provide advertising services to us, including interest-based advertising or advertisements targeted to your interests. we may also use certain third-party web analytics services including adobe analytics, google analytics, and facebook custom audiences - to help us understand and analyze how visitors use the site and serve ads on our behalf across the internet. we're implemented adobe analytics advertising for features such as gathering data on how visitors use the site. we and third-party vendors may use first-party cookies or other first-party identifiers as well as third-party cookies or other third-party identifiers to track demographics, remarketing, and improve user experience. to find out more about how these third-party analytics services manage the privacy of information in conjunction with delivering ads online, and how to opt-out of information collection by these networks, please visit:http://www.youradchoices.com, http://www.aboutads.info/appchoices,http://www.networkadvertising.org. for more information on how google analytics uses data collected through the site, visit: http://www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners/. to opt out of google analytics cookies, visit: http://www.google.com/settings/ads and https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout/. you may opt out of facebook custom audience by logging into your facebook account and changing your privacy or advertising settings as per facebook's opt out instructions. please note that we do not control how third parties manage their opt-out processes. your web browser may have settings that allow you to transmit a "do not track" signal when you visit various websites or use online services. like many websites, the site is not designed to respond to "do not track" signals received from browsers. to learn more about "do not track" signals, visit http://www.allaboutdnt.com/. c. information collected from third parties third-party service providers or partners may share with us your personal information that you submit to them. for example, the following site features may be facilitated through third parties that may share your personal information with us: submitting product reviews, using the career portal, applying to be an affiliate, purchasing a product, or donating money. when submitting information to a third party, you are subject to that third party terms of use and privacy policies. spencers may combine information about you that we have with information we obtain from third parties. ii. use of information we may use information we collect about you for various purposes, including: responding to your requests; processing your transactions; personalizing your online experience and improving the site; for administrative purposes such as conducting contests and processing prizes; monitoring and analyzing trends, usage, and activities of visitors and users of the site; to communicate or market to you; to comply with applicable laws, regulations, or legal process as well as industry standards and our company policies; preventing, investigating, identifying, or taking any other action with regard to any suspected or actual fraudulent or illegal activity or any activity that violates our policies; or for any other purposes, with your consent. we may also use your information for remarketing or reengaging purposes; for third party or similar audience features; or for other advertising purposes, such as delivering ads over time and across websites, mobile apps, and devices. for these purposes, we may use third party vendors, such as google, which may use cookies or device identifiers to show you ads across the internet, based on your past visits to the site. iii. disclosure of information we may share your information, including your personal information, with third parties as described below. a. affiliated entities we may share information we collect about you with our subsidiaries and affiliates worldwide. b. strategic partners from time to time we may enter into a special relationship with another company that is not owned by or affiliated with us to provide additional features on the site. these special relationships may include business partners, sponsors, and co-branded sites (referred to here as co-branded pages. any information, including personal information, that you provide on one of these co-branded pages, may be shared with these third-party partners. by participating in activities or providing your information on these co-branded pages, you consent to our providing your information to those third parties. separate third-party privacy policies may apply to these uses of your personal information. c. service providers we may use third-party service providers to help us operate our business and the site, or administer activities on our behalf, such as sending emails, serving advertisements, order fulfillment, sweepstake administration, website maintenance, and customer service. for advertising purposes, we may share with third-party service providers your information, including your personal information (such as your email address) and information we collect automatically. these third-party service providers act on our behalf at our direction, though in some limited circumstances they may use your personal information for their own purposes. d. other disclosures information, including personal information, may also be shared: as permitted by law; in the event we sell or transfer all or a portion of our business assets (e.g., further to a merger, reorganization, liquidation, or any other business transaction), including negotiations of such transactions; where we determine that disclosure of specific information is necessary to comply with the request of a law enforcement or regulatory agency or other legal process; or to enforce our policies, or to protect legal rights, propriety, or safety. iv. third-party features we may provide third-party interfaces or links on the site to facilitate your sending a communication from the site. for example, we may use third parties to facilitate tweets, likes content sharing, or content submissions such as product reviews. on the site we may enable access to, or display of, third-party content, that is served or published by the third party; that third party may be collecting data from you in connection with that content. these third parties may collect and retain any information used or provided in connection with these interactions and these third parties's practices are not subject to our privacy policy. for example, the site utilizes a third party to facilitate customer product reviews on products sold by spencer's. when submitting information through an embedded third-party feature, you are subject to that third party terms of use and privacy policies. by submitting personal information through embedded third-party features, you acknowledge that those third parties may share your submitted personal information with us and, if you are submitting your information for publication (e.g., product reviews), we may automatically publish or re-publish your submitted content, including your personal information. v. sweepstakes, contests, etc. we may operate sweepstakes, contests, raffles, and similar promotions (each, a promotion jointly sponsored or offered by third parties that may require submitting personal information). if you choose to participate in a promotion, your personal information may be disclosed to third parties as described in the terms applicable to that promotion. insofar as the terms applicable to a particular promotion conflict with this privacy policy, the terms applicable to the promotion shall control. vi. links and third parties's privacy practices the site may contain links to other websites for your convenience and information that are not operated by spencer's. this privacy policy does not apply to those websites, which may have their own privacy policies or notices. you should review these privacy policies to understand how such third parties may use or disclose your personal information. we are not responsible for the content or privacy practices of any linked websites that we do not control. vii. security we strive to maintain appropriate administrative, technical, and physical safeguards that are designed to help protect personal information collected or received through the site. we limit access to your personal information to our employees who we reasonably believe need to come into contact with that information to provide products or services to you or in order to do their jobs. although we follow reasonable procedures to safeguard information, transmission via the internet is not completely secure and we cannot guarantee the security of your information submitted online. viii. choice a. account information you may change your account information, including mailing addresses in your address book and billing and payment card information, by logging into your site account and accessing the account settings feature. b. email marketing you may opt out of email marketing communications at any time by clicking the unsubscribe link in the body of the email or by contacting us at: mailing address:spencer gifts llc 6826 black horse pike egg harbor township, nj 08234 phone number: 1-800-762-0419 email address: guestservices@spencergifts.com if you are a registered user on the site, you may also control your email marketing preferences through your account settings. please allow up to 10 business days for your request to be processed. note that regardless of your opt-in preferences, spencer's may still send you program emails for administrative reasons. c. location-based features if gps, geo-location or other location-based features are enabled on your device, you acknowledge that your device location may be tracked and may be shared with others. some devices and platforms may allow disabling some, but not all, location-based features or managing such preferences. typically, your proximity or connection to wi-fi, bluetooth, and other networks may still be tracked when location services are turned off on device settings. territory geo-filtering may be required in connection with use of some site features due, for instance, to content territory restrictions. ix. children privacy our site is not intended for, nor targeted to, children under 13, and we do not knowingly request or collect personal information from any person under 13 years of age through the site. if we learn that we have received information directly from a child who is under the age of 13, we will delete the information in accordance with applicable law. x. information for users outside the united states if you are visiting the site from outside the united states, please be aware that information we obtain about you will be processed in the united states or in other jurisdictions. by using the site, you acknowledge your personal information may be transferred to, and processed in, jurisdictions outside your own, as described in this privacy policy. please be aware that the data protection laws and regulations that apply to your personal information transferred to the united states or other countries may be different from the laws in your country of residence. xi. updates to this privacy policy we reserve the right to make changes to this privacy policy. these changes will take effect immediately upon posting. for your convenience, the last updated date of the current privacy policy will be posted at the top of this page. by continuing to use the site following such changes, you will be deemed to have agreed to such changes. xii. contact us if you have any questions about this privacy policy or the practices of the site, you may contact us at legaldept@spencergifts.com. last updated: december 30, 2019 email sign upbe the first to find out about great store specials and online deals! emailjoin you must agree to receive emails from spencer gifts llc.follow usmake a differencedonate to boobies make me smile and support the fight against young adult cancer.learn moreaccounts & ordersmy accountorder statusreturn policyshipping infoproduct infojewelry happiness guaranteeintimate warrantypierced nationask jackiesite mapcompany infothe inspo spotstore locatorabout spencer'sspencer's careersjob applicationbe a spencer's modelaffiliatespolicieswebsite terms of useterms of salespencer gifts online privacy policycalifornia consumer privacy act noticecalifornia consumer privacy act request formcalifornia transparency in supply chains actphilly fair chancel.a. fair chancewebsite accessibility policycompany infoour blogstore locatorabout spencer'scalifornia transparency in supply chains actcalifornia consumer privacy act noticecalifornia consumer privacy act request formwebsite accessibility policysite mapcopyright © 2021 spencer gifts,llc