来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20211228033521/https://www.spencersonline.com/content.jsp?pageName=ccpanotice
================================================================================

california privacy act notice - spencer's sign in live chat help stores order status my account 0 item(s) search account cart graphic tees new arrivals top sellers trending now view all t shirts steven rhodes t shirts plus size t shirts statement t shirts music & band t shirts movie t shirts tv t shirts horror t shirts hentai t shirts anime t shirts funny t shirts tie dye t shirts button down shirts holiday t shirts clearance t shirts body jewelry top sellers barbell jewelry belly button rings body sensitive – astm f-136 titanium cartilage earrings ear gauges, plugs & stretching eyebrow rings fake body jewelry fashion jewelry horseshoes & captives lip rings & labret jewelry nipple rings nose rings & nose studs organics piercing aftercare playboy jewelry retainers septum rings silicone tongue rings fashion new arrivals alt girl backpacks belts & buckles bottoms boxers button down shirts face masks fanny packs & bags hair & beauty hats & beanies jewelry keychains & lanyards lunch boxes loungewear mini backpacks pajamas slippers socks sunglasses sweatshirts & hoodies tank tops tees wallets naughty new arrivals vibrators dildos strap-ons mens sex toys couples sex toys sexual enhancements anal toys bondage gear handcuffs & restraints stripper poles spencer exclusives lubes & lotions sex toy kits adult novelties lingerie sex toy batteries & hygiene lingerie new arrivals view all lingerie babydolls & slips body stockings bridal lingerie corsets & bustiers fantasy dress up holiday lingerie hosiery lingerie dresses naughty sleepwear bras & panties pasties & garters plus size lingerie teddies & bodysuits party bachelor party bachelorette party beer bongs beer pong tables & accessories birthday black lights & accessories drinking accessories drinkware games & puzzles party lighting drinkware gifts & gags lava lamps fleece blankets room accessories kitchen & bar posters flags tapestries & wall art holistic & healing gags & pranks toys & figures funny gifts storage jars & boxes ashtrays books tech toys pop culture anime disney festival funko gaming horror marshmello movies pride shonen jump music-shop by artist music-shop by genre steven rhodes superheroes television seasonal christmas valentine's day st. patrick's day festival americana pride backpacks halloween clearance clearance t shirts accessories clearance party clearance naughty clearance seasonal clearance ccpa notice california consumer privacy effective date: january 1, 2021 this california privacy notice ("notice") is a supplement to spencer gifts llc’s ("spencer's" "us" "we" "our") other privacy policies or notices. in the event of a conflict between any other spencer’s policy, statement, or notice and this notice, this notice will prevail as to california residents and their rights under california law. the california consumer privacy act (ccpa) in accordance with the california consumer privacy act’s (together with related regulations the “ccpa”) requirements, this notice covers the calendar year 2020 and describes our collection, use, and disclosure of california consumers' personal information ("pi") , as well as the rights california consumers have under the ccpa. terms defined in the ccpa that are capitalized in this notice have the same meanings as in the ccpa unless otherwise stated. consistent with the ccpa, job applicants, current and former employees and contractors, and subjects of certain business-to-business communications acting solely in their capacity as representatives of another business, are not considered consumers for purposes of this notice or the rights described herein. collection and use of personal information we collect pi about california consumers as described in the table below. category examples of pi collected categories of recipients identifiers name, postal address, internet protocol address, email address service providers customer / individual records name, address, telephone number, email address, tokenized instances of payment card details service providers commercial information / purchase details account holder purchase history or tendencies not applicable internet usage information browsing history, search history, information regarding interactions with our website or advertisements service providers sensory data audio recordings of customer service calls, cctv footage not applicable we collect pi directly from the consumer (including when telephone calls are made to guest services), through our website, through our store payment terminals, and through in-store cctv cameras. we collect pi for the following business purposes: providing our services, including maintaining and servicing your accounts, verifying your information, processing payments, marketing, and similar functions and services; detecting security incidents and protecting against malicious, deceptive, or illegal activity; troubleshooting our services to identify and repair issues; internal research and development; quality and safety assurance, and improving, upgrading, and enhancing our products and services; and processing and managing interactions and transactions for our products and services. in addition, we may collect, use, and disclose your pi as required or permitted by applicable law. we do not treat deidentified data or aggregate consumer information as pi, and we reserve the right to convert, or permit others to convert, your pi into deidentified data or aggregate consumer information. subject to the ccpa's restrictions and obligations, our service providers also may use your pi for some or all of the above-listed business purposes. we may share your pi with our service providers as described in the table above. ccpa privacy rights under the ccpa, california consumers have certain rights which they may exercise independently or through an authorized agent. ccpa rights requests are subject to an identification and verification process. we will not fulfill a ccpa request unless we have been provided sufficient information for us to reasonably verify that the requestor is the consumer about whom we collected pi. some pi we maintain about consumers (e.g., clickstream data) is not sufficiently associated with enough pi about the consumer for us to be able to verify that it is a particular consumer's pi. accordingly, we will not include such information in response to consumer requests. if we cannot comply with a request, we will explain the reasons in our response. you are not required to create an account with us to make a verifiable request, but you may use your account to do so. we will use pi provided in your request only to verify your identity or authority to make the request and to track and document request responses, unless you also provided the pi to us for another purpose. your california consumer privacy rights are described below. to make a request, you may click here, email spencer’s at ccparequests@spencergifts.com or call us at 1-844-976-1706. in making a request, you will need to verify that you are the authorized user of the subject email address/account and that you are a current resident of the state of california. please follow the instructions on our website and promptly respond to any follow-up inquires so that we may confirm your identity. if you request that we provide you with specific pieces of information about you, we will apply heightened verification standards. an authorized agent may submit a request on behalf of a consumer if the consumer has provided the authorized agent with power of attorney in accordance with california law; alternatively, spencer’s will (1) require the authorized agent to present verifiable written authorization from the consumer that the authorized agent has the consumer’s permission to submit the request; and (2) independently verify the consumer’s own identity with spencer’s. we may collect, use, and disclose your pi as required or permitted by applicable law. please note we are not obligated to comply with consumer requests to the extent that doing so would infringe on our, or any other person's or party's rights or conflict with applicable law. disclosure rights you have the right to send us a request, no more than twice in a twelve-month period, for the following information for the period that is 12 months prior to the request date (please note that pi is retained for various time periods so we may not have pi in all categories going back 12 month): the categories of pi we have collected about you. the categories of sources from which we collected your pi. the business or commercial purposes for collecting or selling your pi. the categories of third parties with whom we have shared your pi. the specific pieces of pi we have collected about you. a list of the categories of pi disclosed for a business purpose in the prior 12 months, or that no disclosure occurred. a list of the categories of pi sold about you in the prior 12 months, or that no sale occurred. if we sold your pi, we will also list the categories of third parties to which we sold pi, by categories of pi sold for each third party. you have the right to request a portable copy of your pi that we have collected in the period that is 12 months prior to the request date and are maintaining. "do not sell" rights we do not "sell" pi that we collect from you, in accordance with the definition of a "sale" under the ccpa. there is not a consensus as to whether third-party cookies and tracking technologies associated with websites and mobile apps may constitute a "sale" of pi as defined by the ccpa. however, you may exercise control over browser-based cookies by adjusting the settings on your browser, and mobile devices may offer ad limitation choices. in addition, third-party tools may enable you to search for and opt out of some of these trackers (for example, the ghostery browser plug-in available at https://www.ghostery.com/). further, you can learn more about your choices regarding certain kinds of online interest-based advertising here. some of these companies may also be members of the network advertising initiative; to learn more about the nai and your opt-out options for their members, click here. we do not represent that these third-party tools, programs or statements are complete or accurate. clearing cookies or changing settings may affect your choices and you may have to opt-out separately via each browser and other device you use. some browsers have signals that may be characterized as "do not track" signals, but we do not understand them to operate in that manner or to constitute a "do not sell" request. currently we do not recognize "do not track" signals, nor do we interpret them as a "do not sell" request. we understand that various parties are developing "do not sell" signals and we may recognize certain signals if we conclude such a program is appropriate. some browsers have signals that may be characterized as "do not track" signals, but we do not understand them to operate in that manner or to constitute a "do not sell" request. currently we do not recognize "do not track" signals, nor do we interpret them as a "do not sell" request. we understand that various parties are developing "do not sell" signals and we may recognize certain signals if we conclude such a program is appropriate. deletion rights except to the extent we have a basis for retention under ccpa, you may request that we delete your pi that we have collected directly from you and are maintaining. our retention rights include, without limitation, to complete transactions and services you have requested or that are reasonably anticipated, for security purposes, for legitimate internal business purposes, including maintaining business records, to comply with law, to exercise or defend legal claims, and to cooperate with law enforcement. non-discrimination rights we will not discriminate against you in a manner prohibited by the ccpa because you exercise your ccpa rights. california's "shine the light" law california's "shine the light" law permits california residents to request certain information regarding our disclosure of pi to third parties for their own direct marketing purposes. we do not share personal information with third parties for their direct marketing purposes. if you are a california resident, you may request information about our compliance with the shine the light law by contacting us at ccparequests@spencergifts.com or by sending a letter to 6826 black horse pike, egg harbor township, nj 08234 attn: legal department/california privacy inquiry. any such request must include "california shine the light request" in the first line of the description and include your name, street address, city, state, and zip code. please note that we are only required to respond to one request per customer each calendar year. as these rights and your ccpa rights exist under different legal regimes, you must exercise your rights under each law separately. california minors although our online service(s) are intended for an audience over the age of majority, any california residents under the age of eighteen (18) who have registered to use our online services, and who posted content or information on the online service, can request removal by contacting us at legaldept@spencergifts.com detailing where the content or information is posted and attesting that you posted it. we will then make reasonably good faith efforts to remove the post from prospective public view or anonymize it, so the minor cannot be individually identified to the extent required by applicable law. this removal process cannot ensure complete or comprehensive removal. for instance, third parties may have republished or archived content by search engines and others that we do not control. contact us for more information regarding your california privacy rights, you may contact us at 1-844-976-1706 or email us at ccparequests@spencergifts.com. you may also write to us at: spencer gifts attention: legal department/california privacy inquiry 6826 black horse pike egg harbor township, nj 08234 email sign upbe the first to find out about great store specials and online deals! emailjoin you must agree to receive emails from spencer gifts llc.follow usmake a differencedonate to boobies make me smile and support the fight against young adult cancer.learn moreaccounts & ordersmy accountorder statusreturn policyshipping infoproduct infojewelry happiness guaranteeintimate warrantypierced nationask jackiesite mapcompany infothe inspo spotstore locatorabout spencer'sspencer's careersjob applicationbe a spencer's modelaffiliatespolicieswebsite terms of useterms of salespencer gifts online privacy policycalifornia consumer privacy act noticecalifornia consumer privacy act request formcalifornia transparency in supply chains actphilly fair chancel.a. fair chancewebsite accessibility policycompany infoour blogstore locatorabout spencer'scalifornia transparency in supply chains actcalifornia consumer privacy act noticecalifornia consumer privacy act request formwebsite accessibility policysite mapcopyright © 2021 spencer gifts,llc