来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20211228033521/https://www.spencersonline.com/content.jsp?pageName=Shipping
================================================================================

guest services - shipping - spencer's sign in live chat help stores order status my account 0 item(s) search account cart graphic tees new arrivals top sellers view all t shirts steven rhodes t shirts plus size t shirts statement t shirts music & band t shirts movie t shirts tv t shirts horror t shirts hentai t shirts anime t shirts funny t shirts tie dye t shirts button down shirts holiday t shirts clearance t shirts body jewelry top sellers barbell jewelry belly button rings body sensitive – astm f-136 titanium cartilage earrings ear gauges, plugs & stretching eyebrow rings fake body jewelry fashion jewelry horseshoes & captives lip rings & labret jewelry nipple rings nose rings & nose studs organics piercing aftercare playboy jewelry retainers septum rings silicone tongue rings fashion new arrivals alt girl backpacks belts & buckles bottoms boxers button down shirts face masks fanny packs & bags hair & beauty hats & beanies jewelry keychains & lanyards lunch boxes loungewear mini backpacks pajamas slippers socks sunglasses sweatshirts & hoodies tank tops tees wallets naughty new arrivals vibrators dildos strap-ons mens sex toys couples sex toys sexual enhancements anal toys bondage gear handcuffs & restraints stripper poles spencer exclusives lubes & lotions sex toy kits adult novelties lingerie sex toy batteries & hygiene lingerie new arrivals view all lingerie babydolls & slips body stockings bridal lingerie corsets & bustiers fantasy dress up holiday lingerie hosiery lingerie dresses naughty sleepwear bras & panties pasties & garters plus size lingerie teddies & bodysuits party bachelor party bachelorette party beer bongs beer pong tables & accessories birthday black lights & accessories drinking accessories drinkware games & puzzles party lighting drinkware gifts & gags lava lamps fleece blankets room accessories kitchen & bar posters flags tapestries & wall art holistic & healing gags & pranks toys & figures funny gifts storage jars & boxes ashtrays books tech toys pop culture anime disney festival funko gaming horror marshmello movies pride shonen jump music-shop by artist music-shop by genre steven rhodes superheroes television seasonal valentine's day st. patrick's day festival americana pride backpacks halloween christmas clearance clearance t shirts accessories clearance party clearance naughty clearance seasonal clearance guest services shipping & processing guest services:shipping & processing important information all deliveries are pending approval and merchandise availability. all orders ship same or next business day, monday-friday excluding holidays. orders must be in before 3pm for economy and standard, and 12pm for express shipping options to ship same day. orders shipped via economy, standard, or second day may deliver on saturday if offered by your local post office. standard shipping typically arrives in 3 business days. rural and remote areas may incur longer delivery times. orders shipped via overnight are not delivered on saturday and sundays. our carriers do not require a signature. if you are not home, the package will be left at your address. rural and remote areas such as wa, or, and me may take longer. please use the estimated delivery date calculator for more accurate delivery information. watch for emails from our company. check your spam folder, as our emails do sometimes end up there. we may need additional information to process your order. important information commonly asked questions shipment status us shipping canada shipping international shipping all deliveries are pending approval and merchandise availability. all orders ship same or next business day, monday-friday excluding holidays. orders must be in before 12 pm est to ship out same business day. orders shipped via economy, standard, or second day may deliver on saturday if offered by your local post office. standard shipping typically arrives in 3 business days. rural and remote areas may incur longer delivery times. orders shipped via overnight are not delivered on saturday and sundays. international economy is delivered by canada post. if you receive postal mail on saturday then your package may be delivered on the weekends. international priority is delivered monday-friday. it is not delivered saturday and sunday. our carriers do not require a signature. if you are not home, the package will be left at your address. rural and remote areas such as wa, or, and me may take longer. please use the estimated delivery date calculator for more accurate delivery information. watch for emails from our company. check your spam folder, as our emails do sometimes end up there. we may need additional information to process your order. q: will i be notified when my order is shipped? a: once your order has shipped, a tracking confirmation will be sent to the email address submitted with the order. this email will contain your tracking number which we advise be used to track your package and ensure proper delivery. q: when will i receive my order? a: all orders ship same day or next business day, monday-friday excluding holidays, depending on processing and carrier pick up time. once the order has shipped, how quickly it is delivered depends on the shipping method selected. estimated delivery dates are provided at checkout. please keep in mind they are estimates only---we do not guarantee the delivery date. please see the chart below to view the shipping timeframes associated with our shipping methods. shipping times explanation shipping method processing time** delivery times total delivery time standard 1 business day 3-7 business days* 4-8 business days* express 1 business day 2-4 business days* 3-5 business days* 2-day 1 business day 1-2 business days* 3 business days* overnight 1 business day 1 business day* 2 business days* canada economy 1 business day 4-10 business days* 5-11 business days* q: how can i track my order? a: tracking information for your order can be found on our order status page or the my account page. please allow 24-48 business hours (monday-friday, excluding holidays) for the tracking information to be updated on the carrier website. q: my order has shipped, but i still can't track it. a: tracking information may not be available for the first 24 to 48 hours after you receive your shipping confirmation email. q: what are the shipping options for orders shipped to the states? a: the shipping options available for the us are provided in the chart below: shipping service area available service areas shipping method alaska, hawaii, puerto rico, apo, fpo, po boxes usps priority lower 48 states only standard canada canada economy & canada express lower 48 states only 2-day & overnight q: do you ship to canada? a: we ship to canada via canadian postal service economy (6-11 business days) or fedex international priority (1-3 business days). we are not responsible for delays caused by customs. all prices are in us dollars, so additional charges may apply from your bank due to the currency conversion. q: does spencer's ship internationally? a: spencer’s currently ships to canada, puerto rico, and apo/fpo/dpo addresses. q: what is the status of my order? a: you can check you order status with your email address or order number and billing zip code through the order status page. if you have a spencer's account you can also check your order status through the my account page. here are some terms that will help you understand your order status. open- order has been received in process- order transmitted to warehouse to start the packing and shipping process partially shipped- some of your items have been shipped. you card has been charged for the product that shipped and the shipping cost. shipped- you entire order has been processed and shipped and your card has been charged. cancelled- your order has been canceled and you have not been charged. q: when will i receive my order? a: all orders ship same day or next business day, monday-friday excluding holidays, depending on processing and carrier pick up time. once the order has shipped, how quickly it is delivered depends on the shipping method selected. estimated delivery dates are provided at checkout. please keep in mind they are estimates only---we do not guarantee the delivery date. please see the chart below to view the shipping timeframes associated with our shipping methods. shipping times explanation shipping method processing time** delivery times total delivery time standard 1 business day 3-7 business days* 4-8 business days* express 1 business day 2-4 business days* 3-5 business days* 2-day 1 business day 1-2 business days* 3 business days* overnight 1 business day 1 business day* 2 business days* canada economy 1 business day 4-10 business days* 5-11 business days* q: will i be notified when my order is shipped? a: once your order has shipped, a tracking confirmation will be sent to the email address submitted with the order. this email will contain your tracking number which we advise be used to track your package and ensure proper delivery. q: how can i track my order? a: tracking information for your order can be found on our order status page or the my account page. please allow 24-48 business hours (monday-friday, excluding holidays) for the tracking information to be updated on the carrier website. q: my order has shipped, but i still can't track it. a: tracking information may not be available for the first 24 to 48 hours after you receive your shipping confirmation email. q: i don't have my package but tracking shows delivered. a: please check all places around your home that the package may be left upon delivery. sometimes the order may be left at a side/back door or hidden behind a plant or furniture in front of the house. we also suggest that you check with your neighbors or the others in your household to see if the package was accepted on your behalf. if the order was delivered to an apartment or office building please check with the management office or receptionist. if the order was placed with economy shipping the final delivery would have been made by the us postal service. please check your mailbox, parcel locker, or community box for the package. we also suggest reaching out to your local post office and see if the package is being held on the notice left shelf for pick up. q: important information all deliveries are pending approval and merchandise availability. all orders ship same or next business day, monday-friday excluding holidays. orders must be in before 12 pm est to ship out same business day. orders shipped via overnight are not delivered on saturday and sundays. international priority is delivered monday-friday. it is not delivered saturday and sunday. our carriers do not require a signature. if you are not home, the package will be left at your address. watch for emails from our company. check your spam folder, as our emails do sometimes end up there. we may need additional information to process your order. q: what are the shipping options for orders shipped to the states? a: the shipping options available for the us are provided in the chart below: shipping times explanation shipping method processing time** delivery times total delivery time standard 1 business day 3-7 business days* 4-8 business days* express 1 business day 2-4 business days* 3-5 business days* 2-day 1 business day 1-2 business days* 3 business days* overnight 1 business day 1 business day* 2 business days* canada economy 1 business day 4-10 business days* 5-11 business days* q: can i ship to a po box? a:yes!at this time the only shipping method not available for packages going to a po box is overnight delivery. if you need the package overnight you will need to provide a physical address. q: does my shipping address need to match my billing address? a: no! during checkout you will be asked for your billing information first. once the billing information is provided you will need to select the ‘continue’ button to proceed to the next step: shipping & gift options.once you are in the shipping & gift options section select the bubble next to ‘ship items to a different address’. once this bubble is selected the form for the shipping address should appear. the screen should look like the image below: q: why is there an additional handling fee on oversized products? a: due to the size and weight of some products, an additional handling fee is applied. the oversized handling fee will be noted in the product detail page. you will see the handling fee added to your total charges upon checkout. q: can i ship to an apo/fpo address? a: yes! all apo/fpo orders ship via usps priority. tracking detail is available until the package is delivered to the military post office. once it is delivered to the base, no further tracking information will be available and delivery time can take an additional 1-5 days depending on base checkpoint delivery. q: i am shipping to an apo/fpo address but it won’t let me select a shipping method? a: if you are unable to select a shipping method once you have added all items of interest to your cart that means there is a restricted item(s) in the cart. these usually include customized shirts, old school design shirts, liquids and aerosol products. you may want to check with your base to make sure none of the items you are ordering are not prohibited in the area you are stationed. if you remove the restricted items from your cart a shipping method should become available. q: why won't my shopping cart let me ship second day or overnight? a: okay, here's the deal. some products can't go on planes because they're considered "hazardous materials". what that means is they could spill or leak. as a result, we have to send that stuff to you via standard ground or economy shipping. items that airlines consider hazardous materials include (but aren't limited to) lava lamps, lubricants, aerosol and liquid products.you have a couple of options:you can:1. have your entire order arrive via ground shippingor2. place two separate orders, one with the hazardous materials arriving via ground and one with the rest of your order arriving however you want. q: can i ship to a different address other than my billing? a: yes! simply use the drop down menu in the 'shipping information' section to select the option for somewhere else or some else: once you make a selection you should see this information provided below pop up and all you will need to do is enter in the shipping information: q: if i am paying with paypal, can i select a different shipping address? a: of course! you will have two opportunities to change your shipping address when placing the order. the first opportunity will be after you sign into you paypal account as the first question paypal ask is if the address provided is the address you want the order shipped to. if you forgot to change the shipping address before hitting continue it’s all cool, you will be redirected to our website where you will be able to review and change your order before hitting ‘submit’. q: when will i receive my order? a: all orders ship same day or next business day, monday-friday excluding holidays, depending on processing and carrier pick up time. once the order has shipped, how quickly it is delivered depends on the shipping method selected. estimated delivery dates are provided at checkout. please keep in mind they are estimates only---we do not guarantee the delivery date. please see the chart below to view the shipping timeframes associated with our shipping methods. shipping times explanation shipping method processing time** delivery times total delivery time standard 1 business day 6-8 business days* 3-7 business days* express 1 business day 1-3 business days* 2-4 business days* 2-day 1 business day 1-2 business days* 2 business days* overnight 1 business day 1 business day* 1 business day* canada economy 1 business day 4-10 business days* 5-11 business days* q: how do you determine shipping and handling cost? a: shipping costs are a combination of the base rate of the shipping method you select and the dimensional shipping weight of the package being shipped. the following table shows the prices for our shipping methods. basic shipping rates - us shipping shipping cost additional costs** economy $4.99 $4.99 + $1.00 per lb over 1 lb standard ground & usps priority $8.99 $8.99 + $1.75 per lb over 1 lb second day $14.99 $14.99 + $2.75 per lb over 1 lb overnight $19.99 $19.99 + $2.75 per lb over 1 lb most items are considered to be one pound or more each, as our carriers do not allow calculations based on fractions of a pound. q: why is there an additional handling fee on oversized products? a: due to the size and weight of some products, an additional handling fee is applied. the oversized handling fee will be noted in the product detail page. you will see the handling fee added to your total charges upon checkout. things to remember for economy, standard, second day, and usps priority shipping: if you have choseneconomyshipping, the final delivery will be made byusps; please allow an additional 1-3 business days for delivery once it has been delivered to your local post office facility. standard and second day will be shipped via usps and if you receive postal delivery on saturdays, you may recieve weekend delivery if you have allowed the time above, please see if someone else has accepted the delivery. check with household members, neighbors, building managers, the mail room, front desk, and leasing office. look around the delivery location; carriers sometimes leave packages in a safe place if you are unavailable to accept the delivery. please check your front door, back door, side porch, in/around your garage, and behind bushes. check your mailbox. smaller items or items in soft packages are likely to be delivered there. check your parcel locker key. if your mailbox is in a multiple box unit or your package is addressed to a p.o. box, check your box for a key to a parcel locker where the package may have been delivered. check for a mail hold. if the u.s. postal service is holding your mail, your package will not be delivered. look for a notice of attempted delivery. you may find an attempted delivery notice in your mailbox or p.o. box or on your door. follow the instructions on that notice to request redelivery or to pick up the package. if you still cannot find the package, please contact your local post office. ask if they have additional information about the package's location. please have your tracking information that was sent to your email address handy. things to remember for overnight shipping: if you have chosen standard, canada priority, and overnight shipping, your order will be delivered to you via fedex. if you have chosenovernightorcanada economy, your order will delivered to you via canadian postal service. if you have allowed the time above, please see if someone else has accepted the delivery. check with household members, neighbors, building managers, the mail room, front desk, and leasing office. look around the delivery location; carriers sometimes leave packages in a safe place if you are unavailable to accept the delivery. please check your front door, back door, side porch, in/around your garage, and behind bushes. check your mailbox. smaller items or items in soft packages are likely to be delivered there. check your parcel locker key. if your mailbox is in a multiple box unit or your package is addressed to a p.o. box, check your box for a key to a parcel locker where the package may have been delivered. check for a mail hold. if the u.s. postal service is holding your mail, your package will not be delivered. look for a notice of attempted delivery. you may find an attempted delivery notice in your mailbox or p.o. box or on your door. follow the instructions on that notice to request redelivery or to pick up the package. if you still cannot find the package, please contact fedex. ask if they have additional information about the package's location. (have your tracking or delivery confirmation number handy.) if your package was shipped via fedex, they may be able to hold the package at their local hub for you to pick up.you can call fedex at 1-800-463-3339for further information on your package. q: what if my package is returned to shipper? occasionally, packages are returned to us as undeliverable. when the carrier returns an undeliverable package to us, we issue a refund for your merchandise (shipping is non-refundable).we are unable to re-ship orders that are returned to us as undeliverable. if you would like to purchase items that were undeliverable, you are welcome to place a new order on our website. q: important information all deliveries are pending approval and merchandise availability. all orders ship same or next business day, monday-friday excluding holidays. orders must be in before 12 pm est to ship out same business day. orders shipped via overnight are not delivered on saturday and sundays. international priority is delivered monday-friday. it is not delivered saturday and sunday. our carriers do not require a signature. if you are not home, the package will be left at your address. watch for emails from our company. check your spam folder, as our emails do sometimes end up there. we may need additional information to process your order. q: do you ship to canada? a: we ship to canada via canadian postal service economy (6-11 business days) or fedex international priority (1-3 business days). we are not responsible for delays caused by customs. all prices are in us dollars, so additional charges may apply from your bank due to the currency conversion. q: can i ship to a po box? a:yes! at this time the only shipping method not available for packages going to a po box is overnight delivery. if you need the package overnight you will need to provide a physical address. q: does my shipping address need to match my billing address? a: no! during checkout you will be asked for your billing information first. once the billing information is provided you will need to select the ‘continue’ button to proceed to the next step: shipping & gift options.once you are in the shipping & gift options section select the bubble next to ‘ship items to a different address’. once this bubble is selected the form for the shipping address should appear. the screen should look like the image below: q: if i am paying with paypal, can i select a different shipping address? a: of course! you will have two opportunities to change your shipping address when placing the order. the first opportunity will be after you sign into you paypal account as the first question paypal ask is if the address provided is the address you want the order shipped to. if you forgot to change the shipping address before hitting continue it’s all cool, you will be redirected to our website where you will be able to review and change your order before hitting ‘submit’. q: what are the shipping options for orders shipped to canada? a: the chart below shows the shipping options available to canada: q: when will i receive my order? a: all orders ship same day or next business day, monday-friday excluding holidays, depending on processing and carrier pick up time. once the order has shipped, how quickly it is delivered depends on the shipping method selected. estimated delivery dates are provided at checkout. please keep in mind they are estimates only---we do not guarantee the delivery date. please see the chart below to view the shipping timeframes associated with our shipping methods. shipping times explanation shipping method processing time** delivery times total delivery time standard 1 business day 6-8 business days* 3-7 business days* express 1 business day 1-3 business days* 2-4 business days* 2-day 1 business day 1-2 business days* 2 business days* overnight 1 business day 1 business day* 1 business day* canada economy 1 business day 4-10 business days* 5-11 business days* q: how do you determine shipping and handling cost? a: shipping costs are a combination of the base rate of the shipping method you select and the dimensional shipping weight of the package being shipped. the following table shows the prices for our shipping methods. basic shipping rates - canada shipping shipping cost additional costs** international economy $7.99 $7.99 + $2.25 per lb over 1 lb canada express $45.00 $45.00 + $3.75 per lb over 1 lb most items are considered to be one pound or more each, as our carriers do not allow calculations based on fractions of a pound. q: will i be charged duties and taxes? a: the shipping charges paid on the order reflect the fees for delivering your package. you will be responsible to pay any additional taxes, duties, or fees upon arrival of the delivery. spencersonline.com is unable to estimate costs associated with the additional fees. you can contact the canadian customs office for more information on duties and taxes. please familiarize yourself with customs laws prior to ordering. q: why is there an additional handling fee on oversized products? a: due to the size and weight of some products, an additional handling fee is applied. the oversized handling fee will be noted in the product detail page. you will see the handling fee added to your total charges upon checkout. q: why is there no shipping option available? a: some items may be restricted and are not allowed to be shipped to canada at this time. this includes customized shirts, old school design shirts, liquids and aerosol products, and some oversized items. if the restricted items are removed from your cart the shipping method should become available. q: what if my package is returned to shipper? a: occasionally, packages are returned to us as undeliverable. when the carrier returns an undeliverable package to us, we issue a refund for your merchandise (shipping is non-refundable). we are unable to re-ship orders that are returned to us as undeliverable. if you would like to purchase items that were undeliverable, you are welcome to place a new order on our website. q: does spencer's ship internationally? a:spencer's currently ships to canada, puerto rico, and apo/fpo/dpo addresses. q: how do i place my order? a: simply put any spencer’s item(s) you wish to purchase in your shopping cart and choose the "checkout" option on the cart page. q: what countries can you ship to? a: spencer’s currently ships to canada, puerto rico, and apo/fpo/dpo addresses. q: what shipping methods are available for international shipment? a: for shipments going to canada you have the option of international economy, about 6-11 business days, or international priority, about 1-3 business days. for shipments going to puerto rico or apo/fpo/dpo addresses the packages are shipped via usps. please note that for apo/fpo/dpo packages the tracking provided will only be from our warehouse to the us base. once the us base receives the package it will follow normal procedures for getting the shipment overseas. q: what is the shipping cost of my order? a: shipping cost is based on the dimensional shipping weight of the package. the best way to determine the shipping cost of your purchase would be to add the items to your cart and proceed to checkout. please note: the shipping options offered on the cart page are for shipments going to the us, puerto rico, and apo/fpo/dpo addresses only. the cost for canadian shipments, international economy and international priority, will not be offered or displayed until you proceed to the checkout page. q: what is the status of my order? spencer’s sends you an order confirmation email and a shipment confirmation email once the order has been placed. you can also check the status of your order by using the order status page. q: how do i track my package? a: once your order has been shipped you will receive a shipment confirmation email from spencer’s. this will contain your tracking number as well as an estimated delivery date. for assistance with tracking international economy packages please refer our canada shipping page. track my order payment options returns & exchanges shipping product info ask jackie my account find a store still need help? contact us email sign upbe the first to find out about great store specials and online deals! emailjoin you must agree to receive emails from spencer gifts llc.follow usmake a differencedonate to boobies make me smile and support the fight against young adult cancer.learn moreaccounts & ordersmy accountorder statusreturn policyshipping infoproduct infojewelry happiness guaranteeintimate warrantypierced nationask jackiesite mapcompany infothe inspo spotstore locatorabout spencer'sspencer's careersjob applicationbe a spencer's modelaffiliatespolicieswebsite terms of useterms of salespencer gifts online privacy policycalifornia consumer privacy act noticecalifornia consumer privacy act request formcalifornia transparency in supply chains actphilly fair chancel.a. fair chancewebsite accessibility policycompany infoour blogstore locatorabout spencer'scalifornia transparency in supply chains actcalifornia consumer privacy act noticecalifornia consumer privacy act request formwebsite accessibility policysite mapcopyright © 2022 spencer gifts,llc