来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20231224013710/https://www.spencersonline.com/content.jsp?pageName=TrckOrder
================================================================================

guest services - track order - spencer's sign in helpstoresorder statusmy accountblog 0 item(s) search account cart your store: find your store select a store your store search for stores use my current location search checking store availability graphic tees new arrivals top sellers trending now online exclusive t shirts plus size t shirts statement t shirts funny t shirts music & band t shirts horror t shirts tv t shirts movie t shirts steven rhodes t shirts hentai t shirts anime t shirts holiday t shirts pride t shirts sweatshirts & hoodies clearance t shirts gaming t shirts teen hearts body jewelry top sellers barbell jewelry belly button rings titanium jewelry cartilage earrings ear gauges, plugs & stretching eyebrow rings fake body jewelry fashion jewelry horseshoes & captives lip rings & labret jewelry nipple rings nose rings & nose studs organics piercing aftercare playboy jewelry retainers septum rings silicone tongue rings room & d├®cor ashtrays black lights & accessories flags fleece blankets holistic & healing kitchen & bar lava lamps party lighting pillows planters plush toys posters stash jars & storage boxes tapestries & wall art sex & wellness shop by brand vibrators dildos strap-ons mens sex toys couples sex toys sexual enhancements anal toys bondage gear handcuffs & restraints stripper poles lubes & lotions sex toy kits adult novelties lingerie intimate care sexy deals lingerie babydolls & slips body stockings bridal lingerie corsets & bustiers crotchless panties fantasy dress up holiday lingerie hosiery lingerie dresses naughty sleepwear bras & panties pasties & garters plus size lingerie teddies & bodysuits lifestyle alt girl backpacks belts & buckles bottoms boxers bags & purses hats, caps & beanies jewelry keychains & lanyards mini backpacks pajamas & slippers playboy merch & accessories socks sweatshirts & hoodies tops tees wallets western personal care drinkware coffee mugs shooters & shot glasses plastic drinkware steel drinkware pint glasses beer mugs flasks wine glasses beer pong tables & accessories beer bongs & funnels drinking accessories birthday drinkware gifts & humor bachelor party bachelorette party birthday funny gifts gags & pranks games toys & figures pop culture anime barbie danny duncan disney funko gaming hentai hooters shirts & merch horror loungefly movies music & band cheetos playboy merch & accessories pride shonen jump steven rhodes superheroes television the boys seasonal halloween back to school backpacks christmas valentine's day summer pride clearance clearance t shirts accessories clearance sex & wellness clearance seasonal clearance anime sale guest services track my order tracking track my order commonly asked questions q: how do i know my order was placed? a: you will be redirected to an order confirmation page and an order confirmation email will be sent to the email address submitted with the order. we do ask that you please check your junk folder, as it is possible the email may end up there. q: can i ship to a different address other than my billing? a: yes! simply use the drop down menu in the ōćśshipping informationōćö section to select the option for somewhere else or some else: once you make a selection you should see this information provided below pop up and all you will need to do is enter in the shipping information: q: if i am paying with paypal, can i select a different shipping address? a: of course! you will have two opportunities to change your shipping address when placing the order. the first opportunity will be after you sign into you paypal account as the first question paypal ask is if the address provided is the address you want the order shipped to. if you forgot to change the shipping address before hitting continue itōćös all cool, you will be redirected to our website where you will be able to review and change your order before hitting ōćśsubmitōćö. q: why can't i place my order? a: please check and make sure that the billing information you are entering matches the billing information on file with your bank/credit card company. the billing name provided needs to match the name printed on your card. if there is a middle initial on your card, it will need to be included after your first name in the billing information. this also goes for any sr, jr, or i, ii, or iii that may also be printed on the card. should you be using a gift card issued by visa, mastercard, amex or discover, you will need to call the 1-800 number on the back of the card and register it under your name or zip code. once they attach this information to your account you may then use your gift card as if it were a standard credit card. please note--- the full amount of the purchase cannot exceed the amount of these forms of payment or the order cannot be completed. q: can i cancel my order? a: our first priority is to ensure that your items ship in a timely manner. once an order is placed and all of the billing and shipping information has been verified, the order is immediately transmitted to our warehouse for processing. for this reason we are unable to cancel your order once it has been placed. q: can i change my address? a: we strive to ship your order as quickly as possible. once your order is sent to our warehouse, we are unable to change the address. q: what is the status of my order? a: you can check you order status with either your email address or order number and billing zip code through the order status page. if you have a spencer's account you can also check your order status through the my account page. here are some terms that will help you understand your order status. open - order has been received in process - order transmitted to warehouse to start the packing and shipping process partially shipped - some of your items have been shipped. you card has been charged for the product that shipped and the shipping cost. shipped - you entire order has been processed and shipped and your card has been charged. cancelled - your order has been canceled and you have not been charged. q: when will i receive my order? a: orders usually take 1-2 business days, monday-friday excluding holidays, to process before being shipped. once the order has shipped, how quickly you receive it depends on the shipping method selected. estimated delivery dates are provided at checkout. please keep in mind they are estimated only----we do not guarantee the delivery date. please see the chart below to view the shipping timeframes associated with our shipping methods. shipping times explanation shipping method processing time** delivery times total delivery time standard 1 business day 6-8 business days* 3-7 business days* express 1 business day 1-3 business days* 2-4 business days* 2-day 1 business day 1-2 business days* 2 business days* overnight 1 business day 1 business day* 1 business day* canada economy 1 business day 4-10 business days* 5-11 business days* * rural and remote areas may incur 1 additional business day to deliver q: will i be notified when my order is shipped? a: once your order has shipped, a tracking confirmation will be sent to the email address submitted with the order. this email will contain your tracking number which we advise be used to track your package and ensure proper delivery. q: i don't have my package but tracking shows delivered. a: please check all places around your home that the package may be left upon delivery. sometimes the order may be left at a side/back door or hidden behind a plant or furniture in front of the house. we also suggest that you check with your neighbors or the others household members to see if the package was accepted on your behalf. if the order was delivered to an apartment or office building please check with the management office or receptionist. if the order was placed with economy shipping the final delivery would have been made by the us postal service. please check your mailbox, parcel locker, or community box for the package. we also suggest reaching out to your local post office and see if the package is being held on the notice left shelf for pick up. q: i just received my item, and it's damaged! what do i do? a: if your item arrives defective or damaged in transit, please contact us so we can resolve the problem. please have pictures ready to send us of the damaged items and damaged areas. please be advised, all returns must be made within 30 days of receipt. q: i received the wrong item, how do i get what i ordered? a: mistakes happen. sometimes you may receive the incorrect itemōć”we want to know about this so we can fix it! please contact us. if you choose to email us, please provide us with a picture of what you received so we can get the issue corrected in a quick matter. we want you to receive the item that you ordered, not something you do not want. placing an order q: how can i place an order? a: you can place an order online or over the phone. also, we offer a mobile site, www.m.spencersoline.com, so that you can place your order through your smartphone or tablet. unfortunately we do not accept money orders, purchase orders, or mail orders at this time. q: do you give discounts on bulk orders? a: since spencer's is a privately owned retail company we do not offer wholesale pricing at this time. if you are interested in purchasing a product in bulk (and if the quantity is available), we would be happy to offer a bulk discount on the purchase. bulk discounts are offered on orders of 20 units or more of the same product. the bulk discount cannot be combined with any other coupon codes or promotions being offered by our company. q: do you accept purchase orders (pos)? a: please reach out to guest services at guestservices@spencersonline.com with all questions concerning a purchase order. q: can i ship to a different address other than my billing? a: yes! simply use the drop down menu in the ōćśshipping informationōćö section to select the option for somewhere else or some else: once you make a selection you should see this information provided below pop up and all you will need to do is enter in the shipping information: q: if i am paying with paypal, can i select a different shipping address? a: of course! you will have two opportunities to change your shipping address when placing the order. the first opportunity will be after you sign into you paypal account as the first question paypal ask is if the address provided is the address you want the order shipped to. if you forgot to change the shipping address before hitting continue itōćös all cool, you will be redirected to our website where you will be able to review and change your order before hitting 'submit'. q: can i ship to a po box? a: yes! when shipping to a po box please make sure that the po box box is checked when filling out your billing and shipping options. this will allow you to select one of the two options available for shipment to a po box: usps or economy. at this time we cannot offer standard, second day or overnight as an option because fedex does not have the ability to ship to a po box. q: i have a customized shirt in my cart and canōćöt select a shipping method, what's going on? a: unfortunately at this time we are unable to ship shirts created in our design-a- tee studio to canada, alaska, hawaii, puerto rico, and apo/fpo addresses. q: why don't i have a shipping method option after adding an old school design to my cart? a: old school designs are processed and shipped directly from our vendor, so unfortunately they currently cannot be shipped to canada, alaska, hawaii, puerto rico, and apo/fpo addresses at this time. q: how do i know my order was placed? a: you will be redirected to an order confirmation page and an order confirmation email will be sent to the email address submitted with the order. we do ask that you please check your junk folder, as it is possible the email may end up there. q: is an invoice included if the order is marked as a gift? yes, however the pricing and total of the order are not provided on the invoice. q: why can't i place my order? a: please check and make sure that the billing information you are entering matches the billing information on file with your bank/credit card company. the billing name provided needs to match the name printed on your card. if there is a middle initial on your card, it will need to be included after your first name in the billing information. this also goes for any sr, jr, or i, ii, or iii that may also be printed on the card. should you be using a gift card issued by visa, mastercard, amex or discover, you will need to call the 1-800 number on the back of the card and register it under your name or zip code. once they attach this information to your account you may then use your gift card as if it were a standard credit card. please note--- the full amount of the purchase cannot exceed the amount of these forms of payment or the order cannot be completed. changing an order q: can i cancel my order? a: our first priority is to ensure that your items ship in a timely manner. once an order is placed and all of the billing and shipping information has been verified, the order is immediately transmitted to our warehouse for processing. for this reason we are unable to cancel your order once it has been placed. q: can i change the size or color of an item? a: we are unable to modify your order after it has been placed. q: can i add or remove items from my order? a: we are unable to make any changes to your order once it has been placed. q: can i change my address? a: we strive to ship your order as quickly as possible. once your order is sent to our warehouse, we are unable to change the address. q: can i change my shipping method? a: unfortunately, we cannot change the shipping method once an order is placed. order status questions q: what is the status of my order? a: you can check you order status with your email address or order number and billing zip code through the order status page. if you have a spencer's account you can also check your order status through the my account page. here are some terms that will help you understand your order status. open - order has been received in process - order transmitted to warehouse to start the packing and shipping process partially shipped - some of your items have been shipped. you card has been charged for the product that shipped and the shipping cost. shipped - you entire order has been processed and shipped and your card has been charged. cancelled - your order has been canceled and you have not been charged. q: when will i receive my order? a: orders usually take 1-2 business days, monday-friday excluding holidays, to process before being shipped. once the order has shipped, how quickly you receive it depends on the shipping method selected. estimated delivery dates are provided at checkout. please keep in mind they are estimated only----we do not guarantee the delivery date. please see the chart below to view the shipping timeframes associated with our shipping methods. q: will i be notified when my order is shipped? a: once your order has shipped, a tracking confirmation will be sent to the email address submitted with the order. this email will contain your tracking number which we advise be used to track your package and ensure proper delivery. q: i did not get my order/shipment confirmation email. a: our order and shipment confirmation emails are automatically generated once the order has been placed or shipped and sent to the email address provided at the time the order was placed. sometimes the emails may end up in your junk folder. you may want to add webmaster@spencersonline.com to your contacts list to ensure the email is pulled into your inbox. q: when will my backordered item(s) ship? a: if any of your items are on backorder they will be processed and shipped as they become available. you will only be charged for the product, as the full shipping charge of you order would have been charged when the first part of your purchase was shipped. order issue q: i don't have my package but tracking shows delivered. a: please check all places around your home that the package may be left upon delivery. sometimes the order may be left at a side/back door or hidden behind a plant or furniture in front of the house. we also suggest that you check with your neighbors or the others household members to see if the package was accepted on your behalf. if the order was delivered to an apartment or office building please check with the management office or receptionist. if the order was placed with economy shipping the final delivery would have been made by the us postal service. please check your mailbox, parcel locker, or community box for the package. we also suggest reaching out to your local post office and see if the package is being held on the notice left shelf for pick up. q: why are items missing from my order? a: not all of the items you order will fit in the same box. in a case like this some items may need to be shipped separately and may be delivered on a different date. we also have some items that are shipped directly from our vendor like our customized tees and old school design shirts. the item missing may also currently be out of stock and will be notated as a backorder on your invoice. q: i just received my item, and it's damaged! what do i do? a: if your item arrives defective or damaged in transit, please contact us so we can resolve the problem. please have pictures ready to send us of the damaged items and damaged areas. please be advised, all returns must be made within 30 days of receipt. q: i received the wrong item, how do i get what i ordered? a: mistakes happen. sometimes you may receive the incorrect itemōć”we want to know about this so we can fix it! please contact us. if you choose to email us, please provide us with a picture of what you received so we can get the issue corrected in a quick matter. we want you to receive the item that you ordered, not something you do not want. track my order commonly asked questions placing an order changing an order order status questions order issue guest services still need help? contact us email sign up be the first to find out about great store specials and online deals! email join you must agree to receive emails from spencer gifts llc. follow us make a difference donate to boobies make me smile and support the fight against young adult cancer. learn more accounts & orders my account order status return policy start a return shipping info product info jewelry happiness guarantee intimate warranty spencer's nation ask jackie site map company info the inspo spot store locator about spencer's spencer's careers job application affiliates policies website terms of use terms of sale privacy policy privacy rights request form california transparency in supply chains act philly fair chance l.a. fair chance website accessibility policy transparency in coverage (tcr) company info our blog store locator about spencer's california transparency in supply chains act california consumer privacy act notice california consumer privacy act request form website accessibility policy site map klarna badge spencer gifts 6826 black horse pike, egg harbor township, nj 08234 copyright ┬® 2023 spencer gifts,llc select a store your store search for stores use my current location search only display stores with availability checking store availability