来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20241229200056/https://www.spencersonline.com/content.jsp?pageName=Shipping
================================================================================

guest services - shipping - spencer's close arrow-left back to main menu main menu categories graphic tees shop graphic tees top sellers new arrivals trending tees online exclusive t shirts plus size t shirts cropped t shirts statement t shirts funny t shirts music & band t shirts horror t shirts tv t shirts movie t shirts gaming t shirts anime t shirts hentai t shirts clearance t shirts shop clearance t shirts $5 t shirts $10 t shirts sale long sleeve t shirts sweatshirts & hoodies steven rhodes t shirts teen hearts t shirts destination & travel t shirts food & drink t shirts hawk tuah pride t shirts holiday t shirts body jewelry shop body jewelry top sellers piercing aftercare kayla malecc x spencer's playboy jewelry shop playboy jewelry playboy belly button rings playboy nipple rings playboy nose rings playboy tongue rings playboy industrial barbells playboy necklaces & chokers playboy earrings playboy rings playboy bracelets playboy cartilage earrings playboy plugs & gauges ear piercing jewelry shop ear piercing jewelry cartilage earrings shop cartilage earrings daith helix hinged hoops industrial barbells titanium cartilage rings tragus dangle earrings ear cuffs ear gauges, plugs & stretching shop ear gauges, plugs & stretching organics plugs shop plugs organics tapers tunnels shop tunnels silicone silicone spirals & pinchers stretching kits magnetic earrings flatback earrings huggies & hoop earrings multi-pack earrings playboy earrings stud earrings titanium jewelry shop titanium jewelry titanium belly rings titanium cartilage rings titanium lip & eyebrow rings shop titanium lip & eyebrow rings titanium curved barbells titanium nipple rings titanium nose rings titanium tongue rings barbell jewelry shop barbell jewelry tongue rings shop tongue rings titanium tongue rings vibrating tongue rings eyebrow rings shop eyebrow rings titanium lip & eyebrow rings shop titanium lip & eyebrow rings titanium curved barbells curved barbells curved barbells industrial barbells nipple barbells nose rings & nose studs shop nose rings & nose studs nose pins nose corkscrews nose l bends nose multi pack hoop nose rings shop hoop nose rings hinged hoops septum rings shop septum rings hinged hoops titanium nose rings eyebrow rings shop eyebrow rings titanium lip & eyebrow rings shop titanium lip & eyebrow rings titanium curved barbells curved barbells lip rings & labret jewelry shop lip rings & labret jewelry titanium lip & eyebrow rings shop titanium lip & eyebrow rings titanium curved barbells tongue rings shop tongue rings titanium tongue rings vibrating tongue rings belly button rings shop belly button rings belly button ring multi pack dangle belly button rings non-dangle belly button rings titanium belly rings nipple rings shop nipple rings nipple barbells nipple captives & horseshoes nipple multi packs nipple shields & stirrups horseshoes & captives shop horseshoes & captives captive bead rings horseshoes horseshoe captive multi packs titanium nipple rings horseshoes & captives shop horseshoes & captives captive bead rings horseshoes horseshoe captive multi packs fake body jewelry shop fake body jewelry fake nose & septum rings fake plugs fake rings & hoops fake tapers & spirals magnetic earrings organics retainers necklaces shop necklaces chain necklaces chokers bracelets shop bracelets beaded bracelets charm bracelets rings body chains clowncore jewelry personal care shop personal care sex & wellness shop sex & wellness top sellers shop by brand shop shop by brand af arouz'd cute little fuckers fetish fantasy fleshlight good d hott love toys & accessories hott love extreme lelo oona phluid playboy pleasure pleasure bound romp sexology we-vibe vibrators shop vibrators beginner vibrators clitoral vibrators discreet vibrators luxury vibrators egg vibrators rabbit vibrators remote vibrators realistic vibrators mens vibrators g-spot vibrators wand massagers rechargeable vibrators fashion vibrators waterproof vibrators anal vibrators tongue & finger vibrators vibrating panties bullet vibrators phluid dildos shop dildos double dildos fantasy dildos & strokers g-spot dildos glass dildos large dildos realistic dildos strap-ons suction cup dildos vibrating dildos strap-ons mens sex toys shop mens sex toys anal toys shop anal toys anal beads anal lubes butt plugs anal vibrators anal training kits prostate toys cock rings fleshlight mens vibrators prostate toys pumps sleeves & enhancers strokers shop strokers fantasy dildos & strokers realistic strokers couples sex toys shop couples sex toys anal toys shop anal toys anal beads anal lubes butt plugs anal vibrators anal training kits prostate toys bondage gear shop bondage gear ball gags blindfolds bondage apparel bondage kits handcuffs & restraints shop handcuffs & restraints chastity devices nipple toys sensation play sex swings & furniture whips, crops & ticklers clitoral vibrators cock rings dildos shop dildos double dildos fantasy dildos & strokers g-spot dildos glass dildos large dildos realistic dildos strap-ons suction cup dildos vibrating dildos foreplay remote vibrators sensation play sex games sex swings & furniture sex toy kits sleeves & enhancers strap-ons vibrating panties sexual enhancements anal toys shop anal toys anal beads anal lubes butt plugs anal vibrators anal training kits prostate toys bondage gear shop bondage gear ball gags blindfolds bondage apparel bondage kits handcuffs & restraints shop handcuffs & restraints chastity devices nipple toys sensation play sex swings & furniture whips, crops & ticklers handcuffs & restraints shop handcuffs & restraints chastity devices stripper poles lubes & lotions shop lubes & lotions anal lubes flavored lubes & lotions prolong & enhance lubes silicone based lubes warming lubes & lotions water based lubes sex toy kits adult novelties shop adult novelties bath & shower stripper poles edibles naughty gifts to share sex books sex games sexy deals shop sexy deals gifts under $10 gifts under $20 gifts under $50 gifts under $100 gifts for her gifts for him foreplay lingerie intimate care kegal exercisers sexy deals shop sexy deals gifts under $10 gifts under $20 gifts under $50 gifts under $100 gifts for her gifts for him sex & wellness clearance lingerie shop lingerie top sellers babydolls & slips body stockings bridal lingerie corsets & bustiers crotchless panties fantasy dress up holiday lingerie hosiery lingerie dresses naughty sleepwear bras & panties pasties & garters plus size lingerie teddies & bodysuits gender affirming products intimate care holistic & healing shop holistic & healing buddha chakra crystals & stones incense & burners tarot cards room & décor shop room & décor ashtrays black lights & accessories fleece blankets holistic & healing shop holistic & healing buddha chakra crystals & stones incense & burners tarot cards kitchen & bar lava lamps party lighting pillows planters plush toys posters stash jars & storage boxes tapestries & wall art lifestyle shop lifestyle alt girl backpacks shop backpacks new arrivals anime backpacks built up backpacks exclusive backpacks fashion backpacks gaming backpacks horror backpacks mini backpacks movies & tv backpacks reversible backpacks lunch boxes loungefly pins & buttons belts & buckles bottoms shop bottoms skirts shorts loungewear bottoms boxers bags & purses shop bags & purses crossbody bags fanny packs loungefly shoulder bags travel bags & luggage wristlets & coin purses hair & makeup hats, caps & beanies shop hats, caps & beanies beanies dad hats bucket & sun hats snapback hats keychains & lanyards shop keychains & lanyards pins & buttons mini backpacks pajamas & slippers playboy merch & accessories socks sweatshirts & hoodies tops shop tops bralettes button down shirts crop tops halters jerseys tanks tees wallets shop wallets wallet chains western lingerie shop lingerie top sellers babydolls & slips body stockings bridal lingerie corsets & bustiers crotchless panties fantasy dress up holiday lingerie hosiery lingerie dresses naughty sleepwear bras & panties pasties & garters plus size lingerie teddies & bodysuits drinkware shop drinkware coffee mugs shooters & shot glasses tumblers water bottles wine glasses beer pong tables & accessories beer bongs & funnels drinking accessories shop drinking accessories beer bongs & funnels birthday drinkware gifts & humor shop gifts & humor bachelor party bachelorette party shop bachelorette party bachelorette party accessories bachelorette party decorations bachelorette party drinkware bachelorette party favors bachelorette party games bridal lingerie birthday shop birthday birthday drinkware funny gifts gags & pranks games shop games board games card games dice games drinking games party games toys & figures shop toys & figures collectible figures plush toys scary dolls & figures pop culture shop pop culture anime shop anime attack on titan bleach cowboy bebop demon slayer death note dragon ball z gloomy bear hunter x hunter jojos bizarre adventure my hero academia naruto one piece pokemon sailor moon tokyo ghoul junji ito chainsaw man shonen jump shop shonen jump bleach dragon ball demon slayer hunter x hunter jojos bizarre adventure my hero academia naruto one piece tokyo ghoul chainsaw man jujutsu kaisen inuyasha jujutsu kaisen danny duncan disney gaming shop gaming dungeons & dragons fortnite merch nintendo sonic the hedgehog super mario kirby five nights at freddy's the legend of zelda pokemon hentai hooters horror shop horror horror apparel bloody disgusting annabelle chucky friday the 13th ghost face shirts & merch it killer klowns from outer space michael myers nightmare on elm street saw terrifier trick 'r treat loungefly morbid movies shop movies annabelle barbie beetlejuice birds of prey chucky coraline corpse bride deadpool dc comics five nights at freddy's friday the 13th ghost face shirts & merch harry potter haunted mansion hocus pocus it killer klowns from outer space lilo & stitch mean girls michael myers nightmare before christmas nightmare on elm street saw shrek spider-man scarface star wars terrifier trick 'r treat twilight will ferrell movies music & band shop music & band alternative rock shop alternative rock blink-182 greta van fleet misfits nirvana pink floyd red hot chili peppers sleep token sublime classic rock shop classic rock ac/dc elvis grateful dead guns 'n roses jimi hendrix johnny cash led zeppelin pink floyd the rolling stones ozzy osbourne aerosmith def leppard mötley crüe country shop country johnny cash hip hop shop hip hop aaliyah death row records eazy-e h.e.r. ice cube juice wrld lil durk nba youngboy outkast sexyy red snoop dogg shop snoop dogg snoop on the stoop the notorious b.i.g. trippie redd tupac wu-tang clan metal shop metal metallica mötley crüe ozzy osbourne rob zombie sleep token slipknot reggae shop reggae bob marley sublime pop shop pop britney spears michael jackson selena aaliyah cheetos playboy shop playboy playboy jewelry shop playboy jewelry playboy belly button rings playboy nipple rings playboy nose rings playboy tongue rings playboy industrial barbells playboy necklaces & chokers playboy earrings playboy rings playboy bracelets playboy cartilage earrings playboy plugs & gauges playboy apparel playboy bags & wallets playboy drinkware playboy hats playboy hoodies playboy room & décor playboy tees pride shop pride pride accessories pride drinkware pride flags pride jewelry pride t shirts pride sex toys steven rhodes superheroes shop superheroes deadpool dc comics harley quinn marvel suicide squad spider-man television shop television adventure time bratz care bears courage the cowardly dog friends invader zim looney tunes my little pony rick and morty rugrats scooby-doo south park shop south park south park drinkware south park hats south park plush south park room & décor south park socks south park tees spongebob squarepants stranger things teenage mutant ninja turtles the golden girls the powerpuff girls the simpsons wednesday wwe nickelodeon cartoon network the boys seasonal shop seasonal spring shop spring festival apparel festival accessories alien butterfly mushroom weed western pride back to school backpacks halloween shop halloween girls costumes shop girls costumes girls apparel & undergarments girls classic costumes girls scary costumes girls occupational costumes girls plus size halloween costumes girls sexy costumes girls time period costumes guys costumes shop guys costumes guys classic costumes guys scary costumes guys funny costumes guys occupational costumes guys plus size halloween costumes guys sexy costumes shop by theme shop shop by theme animal costumes alien costumes angel & devil costumes classic costumes scary clown costumes occupational costumes steampunk costumes vampire costumes witch & coven costumes time period costumes group & couples costumes inflatable costumes horror costumes funny costumes tv, movies & gaming shop tv, movies & gaming movies shop movies barbie beetlejuice hocus pocus costumes chucky trick 'r treat nightmare before christmas costumes pennywise costumes michael myers costumes friday the 13th killer klowns from outer space harry potter costumes scooby doo suicide squad costumes gremlins masks & costumes tv costumes gaming shop gaming fortnite merch anime costumes superhero costumes kids costumes shop kids costumes boys kids costumes girls kids costumes toddler costumes halloween accessories shop halloween accessories costume gloves costume hosiery costume kits costume makeup, nails & tattoos costume socks halloween drinkware halloween hats halloween jewelry weapons & props animatronics outdoor halloween decor shop outdoor halloween decor animatronics inflatable decorations props fog machines & lighting indoor halloween home decor shop indoor halloween home decor classic horror gothic decor witchy decor scary dolls & figures halloween drinkware black lights & accessories haunted mansion hocus pocus nightmare before christmas halloween masks wigs costume t shirts shop costume t shirts girls costume t shirts guys costume t shirts christmas shop christmas ugly sweaters shop ugly sweaters horror sweaters snoop on the stoop gifts under $20 gifts under $50 stocking stuffers funny gifts gag gifts gifts for her gifts for him white elephant gifts valentine's day clearance shop clearance $5 clearance shop $5 clearance $5 t shirts $10 clearance shop $10 clearance $10 t shirts $15 clearance $20 clearance clearance t shirts shop clearance t shirts $5 t shirts $10 t shirts drinkware clearance décor clearance apparel clearance accessories clearance seasonal clearance my account order status the inspo spot find stores help sign in account sign in or create account package-variant-closed order status 0 enter zip code find your store select a store your store search for stores use my current location search checking store availability same day delivery item availability and shipping options will change based on location. zip code submit cancel same day delivery to null use my current location enter zip code graphic tees body jewelry personal care room & décor lifestyle lingerie drinkware gifts & humor pop culture seasonal clearance guest services shipping & processing truck shipping & processing important information all deliveries are pending approval and merchandise availability. all orders ship same or next business day, monday-friday excluding holidays. orders must be in before 3pm est for economy and standard, and 12pm est for express shipping options to ship same day. orders shipped via economy, standard, or second day may deliver on saturday if offered by your local post office. standard shipping typically arrives in 3 business days. rural and remote areas may incur longer delivery times. orders shipped via overnight are not delivered on saturday and sundays. our carriers do not require a signature. if you are not home, the package will be left at your address. rural and remote areas such as wa, or, and me may take longer. please use the estimated delivery date calculator for more accurate delivery information. watch for emails from our company. check your spam folder, as our emails do sometimes end up there. we may need additional information to process your order. commonly asked questions q: will i be notified when my order is shipped? a: once your order has shipped, a tracking confirmation will be sent to the email address submitted with the order. this email will contain your tracking number which we advise be used to track your package and ensure proper delivery. q: when will i receive my order? a: all orders ship same day or next business day, monday-friday excluding holidays, depending on processing and carrier pick up time. once the order has shipped, how quickly it is delivered depends on the shipping method selected. estimated delivery dates are provided at checkout. please keep in mind they are estimates only---we do not guarantee the delivery date. please see the chart below to view the shipping timeframes associated with our shipping methods. shipping times explanation shipping method processing time** delivery times total delivery time standard 1 business day 3-7 business days* 4-8 business days* express 1 business day 2-4 business days* 3-5 business days* 2-day 1 business day 1-2 business days* 3 business days* overnight 1 business day 1 business day* 2 business days* canada economy 1 business day 4-10 business days* 5-11 business days* q: how can i track my order? a: tracking information for your order can be found on our order status page or the my account page. please allow 24-48 business hours (monday-friday, excluding holidays) for the tracking information to be updated on the carrier website. q: my order has shipped, but i still can't track it. a: tracking information may not be available for the first 24 to 48 hours after you receive your shipping confirmation email. q: what are the shipping options for orders shipped to the states? a: the shipping options available for the us are provided in the chart below: shipping service area available service areas shipping method alaska, hawaii, puerto rico, apo, fpo, po boxes usps priority lower 48 states only standard canada canada economy & canada express lower 48 states only 2-day & overnight q: do you ship to canada? a: we ship to canada via canadian postal service economy (6-11 business days) or fedex international priority (1-3 business days). we are not responsible for delays caused by customs. all prices are in us dollars, so additional charges may apply from your bank due to the currency conversion. q: does spencer's ship internationally? a: spencer’s currently ships to canada, puerto rico, and apo/fpo/dpo addresses. shipment status q: what is the status of my order? a: you can check you order status with your email address or order number and billing zip code through the order status page. if you have a spencer's account you can also check your order status through the my account page. here are some terms that will help you understand your order status. open - order has been received in process - order transmitted to warehouse to start the packing and shipping process partially shipped - some of your items have been shipped. you card has been charged for the product that shipped and the shipping cost. shipped - you entire order has been processed and shipped and your card has been charged. cancelled - your order has been canceled and you have not been charged. q: when will i receive my order? a: all orders ship same day or next business day, monday-friday excluding holidays, depending on processing and carrier pick up time. once the order has shipped, how quickly it is delivered depends on the shipping method selected. estimated delivery dates are provided at checkout. please keep in mind they are estimates only---we do not guarantee the delivery date. please see the chart below to view the shipping timeframes associated with our shipping methods. shipping times explanation shipping method processing time** delivery times total delivery time standard 1 business day 3-7 business days* 4-8 business days* express 1 business day 2-4 business days* 3-5 business days* 2-day 1 business day 1-2 business days* 3 business days* overnight 1 business day 1 business day* 2 business days* canada economy 1 business day 4-10 business days* 5-11 business days* q: will i be notified when my order is shipped? a: once your order has shipped, a tracking confirmation will be sent to the email address submitted with the order. this email will contain your tracking number which we advise be used to track your package and ensure proper delivery. q: how can i track my order? a: tracking information for your order can be found on our order status page or the my account page. please allow 24-48 business hours (monday-friday, excluding holidays) for the tracking information to be updated on the carrier website. q: my order has shipped, but i still can't track it. a: tracking information may not be available for the first 24 to 48 hours after you receive your shipping confirmation email. q: i don't have my package but tracking shows delivered. a: please check all places around your home that the package may be left upon delivery. sometimes the order may be left at a side/back door or hidden behind a plant or furniture in front of the house. we also suggest that you check with your neighbors or the others in your household to see if the package was accepted on your behalf. if the order was delivered to an apartment or office building please check with the management office or receptionist. if the order was placed with economy shipping the final delivery would have been made by the us postal service. please check your mailbox, parcel locker, or community box for the package. we also suggest reaching out to your local post office and see if the package is being held on the notice left shelf for pick up. buy online pickup in store q: when can i pick up my order? a: once you receive an email informing you that your order is ready, you must pick up your items within the required number of days. if you order is not picked up, your order will be refunded. q: where do i pick up my order? a: once you arrive at your local spencer’s, you can ask an associate for assistance on picking up your online order. q: can anyone pick up my order? a: the person that placed the order online will automatically be the pickup person in store. you can change the pickup person in checkout by choosing “change person”. the name of the determined pickup person will appear in the confirmation email. if you need to change the pickup person after checkout, be sure to call guest services (1-833-553-1595) for assistance. q: wwhat do i need to pick up my order? a: you’ll be required to show a photo id and your order number to pick up your order. us shipping q: what are the shipping options for orders shipped to the states? a: the shipping options available for the us are provided in the chart below: shipping times explanation shipping method processing time** delivery times total delivery time standard 1 business day 3-7 business days* 4-8 business days* express 1 business day 2-4 business days* 3-5 business days* 2-day 1 business day 1-2 business days* 3 business days* overnight 1 business day 1 business day* 2 business days* canada economy 1 business day 4-10 business days* 5-11 business days* q: can i ship to a po box? a: yes! at this time the only shipping method not available for packages going to a po box is overnight delivery. if you need the package overnight you will need to provide a physical address. q: does my shipping address need to match my billing address? a: no! during checkout you will be asked for your billing information first. once the billing information is provided you will need to select the ‘continue’ button to proceed to the next step: shipping & gift options. once you are in the shipping & gift options section select the bubble next to ‘ship items to a different address’. once this bubble is selected the form for the shipping address should appear. the screen should look like the image below: q: why is there an additional handling fee on oversized products? a: due to the size and weight of some products, an additional handling fee is applied. the oversized handling fee will be noted in the product detail page. you will see the handling fee added to your total charges upon checkout. q: can i ship to an apo/fpo address? a: yes! all apo/fpo orders ship via usps priority. tracking detail is available until the package is delivered to the military post office. once it is delivered to the base, no further tracking information will be available and delivery time can take an additional 1-5 days depending on base checkpoint delivery. q: i am shipping to an apo/fpo address but it won’t let me select a shipping method? a: if you are unable to select a shipping method once you have added all items of interest to your cart that means there is a restricted item(s) in the cart. these usually include customized shirts, old school design shirts, liquids and aerosol products. you may want to check with your base to make sure none of the items you are ordering are not prohibited in the area you are stationed. if you remove the restricted items from your cart a shipping method should become available. q: why won't my shopping cart let me ship second day or overnight? a: okay, here's the deal. some products can't go on planes because they're considered "hazardous materials". what that means is they could spill or leak. as a result, we have to send that stuff to you via standard ground or economy shipping. items that airlines consider hazardous materials include (but aren't limited to) lava lamps, lubricants, aerosol and liquid products. you have a couple of options: you can: 1. have your entire order arrive via ground shipping or 2. place two separate orders, one with the hazardous materials arriving via ground and one with the rest of your order arriving however you want. q: can i ship to a different address other than my billing? a: yes! simply use the drop down menu in the 'shipping information' section to select the option for somewhere else or some else: once you make a selection you should see this information provided below pop up and all you will need to do is enter in the shipping information: q: if i am paying with paypal, can i select a different shipping address? a: of course! you will have two opportunities to change your shipping address when placing the order. the first opportunity will be after you sign into you paypal account as the first question paypal ask is if the address provided is the address you want the order shipped to. if you forgot to change the shipping address before hitting continue it’s all cool, you will be redirected to our website where you will be able to review and change your order before hitting 'submit'. q: when will i receive my order? a: all orders ship same day or next business day, monday-friday excluding holidays, depending on processing and carrier pick up time. once the order has shipped, how quickly it is delivered depends on the shipping method selected. estimated delivery dates are provided at checkout. please keep in mind they are estimates only---we do not guarantee the delivery date. please see the chart below to view the shipping timeframes associated with our shipping methods. shipping times explanation shipping method processing time** delivery times total delivery time standard 1 business day 6-8 business days* 3-7 business days* express 1 business day 1-3 business days* 2-4 business days* 2-day 1 business day 1-2 business days* 2 business days* overnight 1 business day 1 business day* 1 business day* canada economy 1 business day 4-10 business days* 5-11 business days* q: how do you determine shipping and handling cost? a: shipping costs are a combination of the base rate of the shipping method you select and the dimensional shipping weight of the package being shipped. the following table shows the prices for our shipping methods. basic shipping rates - us shipping shipping cost additional costs** standard $4.99 $4.99 + $1.00 per lb over 1 lb express $8.99 $8.99 + $1.75 per lb over 1 lb 2 day $14.99 $14.99 + $2.75 per lb over 1 lb overnight $19.99 $19.99 + $2.75 per lb over 1 lb most items are considered to be one pound or more each, as our carriers do not allow calculations based on fractions of a pound. q: why is there an additional handling fee on oversized products? a: due to the size and weight of some products, an additional handling fee is applied. the oversized handling fee will be noted in the product detail page. you will see the handling fee added to your total charges upon checkout. things to remember for economy, standard, second day, and usps priority shipping: if you have chosen economy shipping, the final delivery will be made by usps; please allow an additional 1-3 business days for delivery once it has been delivered to your local post office facility. standard and second day will be shipped via usps and if you receive postal delivery on saturdays, you may recieve weekend delivery if you have allowed the time above, please see if someone else has accepted the delivery. check with household members, neighbors, building managers, the mail room, front desk, and leasing office. look around the delivery location; carriers sometimes leave packages in a safe place if you are unavailable to accept the delivery. please check your front door, back door, side porch, in/around your garage, and behind bushes. check your mailbox. smaller items or items in soft packages are likely to be delivered there. check your parcel locker key. if your mailbox is in a multiple box unit or your package is addressed to a p.o. box, check your box for a key to a parcel locker where the package may have been delivered. check for a mail hold. if the u.s. postal service is holding your mail, your package will not be delivered. look for a notice of attempted delivery. you may find an attempted delivery notice in your mailbox or p.o. box or on your door. follow the instructions on that notice to request redelivery or to pick up the package. if you still cannot find the package, please contact your local post office. ask if they have additional information about the package's location. please have your tracking information that was sent to your email address handy. things to remember for overnight shipping: if you have chosen standard, canada priority, and overnight shipping, your order will be delivered to you via fedex. if you have chosen overnight or canada economy, your order will delivered to you via canadian postal service. if you have allowed the time above, please see if someone else has accepted the delivery. check with household members, neighbors, building managers, the mail room, front desk, and leasing office. look around the delivery location; carriers sometimes leave packages in a safe place if you are unavailable to accept the delivery. please check your front door, back door, side porch, in/around your garage, and behind bushes. check your mailbox. smaller items or items in soft packages are likely to be delivered there. check your parcel locker key. if your mailbox is in a multiple box unit or your package is addressed to a p.o. box, check your box for a key to a parcel locker where the package may have been delivered. check for a mail hold. if the u.s. postal service is holding your mail, your package will not be delivered. look for a notice of attempted delivery. you may find an attempted delivery notice in your mailbox or p.o. box or on your door. follow the instructions on that notice to request redelivery or to pick up the package. if you still cannot find the package, please contact fedex. ask if they have additional information about the package's location. (have your tracking or delivery confirmation number handy.) if your package was shipped via fedex, they may be able to hold the package at their local hub for you to pick up. you can call fedex at 1-800-463-3339 for further information on your package. q: what if my package is returned to shipper? occasionally, packages are returned to us as undeliverable. when the carrier returns an undeliverable package to us, we issue a refund for your merchandise (shipping is non-refundable). we are unable to re-ship orders that are returned to us as undeliverable. if you would like to purchase items that were undeliverable, you are welcome to place a new order on our website. canada shipping q: do you ship to canada? a: we ship to canada via canadian postal service economy (6-11 business days) or fedex international priority (1-3 business days). we are not responsible for delays caused by customs. all prices are in us dollars, so additional charges may apply from your bank due to the currency conversion. q: can i ship to a po box? a:yes! at this time the only shipping method not available for packages going to a po box is overnight delivery. if you need the package overnight you will need to provide a physical address. q: does my shipping address need to match my billing address? a: no! during checkout you will be asked for your billing information first. once the billing information is provided you will need to select the ‘continue’ button to proceed to the next step: shipping & gift options. once you are in the shipping & gift options section select the bubble next to ‘ship items to a different address’. once this bubble is selected the form for the shipping address should appear. the screen should look like the image below: q: if i am paying with paypal, can i select a different shipping address? a: of course! you will have two opportunities to change your shipping address when placing the order. the first opportunity will be after you sign into you paypal account as the first question paypal ask is if the address provided is the address you want the order shipped to. if you forgot to change the shipping address before hitting continue it’s all cool, you will be redirected to our website where you will be able to review and change your order before hitting 'submit'. q: what are the shipping options for orders shipped to canada? a: the chart below shows the shipping options available to canada: q: when will i receive my order? a: all orders ship same day or next business day, monday-friday excluding holidays, depending on processing and carrier pick up time. once the order has shipped, how quickly it is delivered depends on the shipping method selected. estimated delivery dates are provided at checkout. please keep in mind they are estimates only---we do not guarantee the delivery date. please see the chart below to view the shipping timeframes associated with our shipping methods. shipping times explanation shipping method processing time** delivery times total delivery time standard 1 business day 6-8 business days* 3-7 business days* express 1 business day 1-3 business days* 2-4 business days* 2-day 1 business day 1-2 business days* 2 business days* overnight 1 business day 1 business day* 1 business day* canada economy 1 business day 4-10 business days* 5-11 business days* q: how do you determine shipping and handling cost? a: shipping costs are a combination of the base rate of the shipping method you select and the dimensional shipping weight of the package being shipped. the following table shows the prices for our shipping methods. basic shipping rates - canada shipping shipping cost additional costs** international economy $7.99 $7.99 + $2.25 per lb over 1 lb canada express $45.00 $45.00 + $3.75 per lb over 1 lb most items are considered to be one pound or more each, as our carriers do not allow calculations based on fractions of a pound. q: will i be charged duties and taxes? a: the shipping charges paid on the order reflect the fees for delivering your package. you will be responsible to pay any additional taxes, duties, or fees upon arrival of the delivery. spencersonline.com is unable to estimate costs associated with the additional fees. you can contact the canadian customs office for more information on duties and taxes. please familiarize yourself with customs laws prior to ordering. q: why is there an additional handling fee on oversized products? a: due to the size and weight of some products, an additional handling fee is applied. the oversized handling fee will be noted in the product detail page. you will see the handling fee added to your total charges upon checkout. q: why is there no shipping option available? a: some items may be restricted and are not allowed to be shipped to canada at this time. this includes customized shirts, old school design shirts, liquids and aerosol products, and some oversized items. if the restricted items are removed from your cart the shipping method should become available. q: what if my package is returned to shipper? a: occasionally, packages are returned to us as undeliverable. when the carrier returns an undeliverable package to us, we issue a refund for your merchandise (shipping is non-refundable). we are unable to re-ship orders that are returned to us as undeliverable. if you would like to purchase items that were undeliverable, you are welcome to place a new order on our website. international shipping q: does spencer's ship internationally? a:spencer's currently ships to canada, puerto rico, and apo/fpo/dpo addresses. q: how do i place my order? a: simply put any spencer’s item(s) you wish to purchase in your shopping cart and choose the "checkout" option on the cart page. q: what countries can you ship to? a: spencer’s currently ships to canada, puerto rico, and apo/fpo/dpo addresses. q: what shipping methods are available for international shipment? a: for shipments going to canada you have the option of international economy, about 6-11 business days, or international priority, about 1-3 business days. for shipments going to puerto rico or apo/fpo/dpo addresses the packages are shipped via usps. please note that for apo/fpo/dpo packages the tracking provided will only be from our warehouse to the us base. once the us base receives the package it will follow normal procedures for getting the shipment overseas. q: what is the shipping cost of my order? a: shipping cost is based on the dimensional shipping weight of the package. the best way to determine the shipping cost of your purchase would be to add the items to your cart and proceed to checkout. please note: the shipping options offered on the cart page are for shipments going to the us, puerto rico, and apo/fpo/dpo addresses only. the cost for canadian shipments, international economy and international priority, will not be offered or displayed until you proceed to the checkout page. q: what is the status of my order? a: spencer’s sends you an order confirmation email and a shipment confirmation email once the order has been placed. you can also check the status of your order by using the order status page. q: how do i track my package? a: once your order has been shipped you will receive a shipment confirmation email from spencer’s. this will contain your tracking number as well as an estimated delivery date. for assistance with tracking international economy packages please refer our canada shipping page. shipping & processing commonly asked questions shipment status buy online pickup in store us shipping canada shipping international shipping guest services still need help? contact us order infomy accountorder statusreturn policystart a returnshipping infoproduct infocompany infothe inspo spotstore locatorabout spencer's spencer's careers affiliatesresourcesguest servicesspencer's nationask jackiesite mapintimate warrantyjewelry warrantypoliciesca supply chains actphilly fair chancel.a.fair chancewebsite accessibility policytransparency in coverageprivacy rights request formlets stay connectedemailjoin!you must agree to receive emails from spencers llc.follow usmake a differencedonate toboobies make me smileand support the fight against young adult cancer.learn more.terms of service  |  privacy policy  |  your privacy choices klarna badge6826 black horse pike,egg harbor township,nj 08234copyright © 2024 spencer gifts,llc select a store your store search for stores use my current location search only display stores with availability checking store availability