来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20250505212925/https://www.spencersonline.com/content.jsp?pageName=SecPriv
================================================================================

company information > about > security & privacy - spencer's close arrow-left back to main menu main menu categories graphic tees shop graphic tees top sellers online exclusive t shirts new arrivals trending tees plus size t shirts statement t shirts funny t shirts food & drink t shirts steven rhodes t shirts movie t shirts playboy tees teen hearts t shirts destination & travel t shirts music & band t shirts horror t shirts hentai t shirts pride t shirts gaming t shirts anime t shirts tv t shirts cropped t shirts long sleeve t shirts holiday t shirts shop holiday t shirts pride t shirts st patricks day t shirts clearance t shirts shop clearance t shirts $5 t shirts body jewelry shop body jewelry top sellers piercing aftercare titanium jewelry shop titanium jewelry hypoallergenic jewelry titanium belly rings titanium cartilage rings titanium lip & eyebrow rings shop titanium lip & eyebrow rings titanium curved barbells titanium nipple rings titanium nose rings titanium tongue rings kayla malecc x spencer's jewelry playboy jewelry shop playboy jewelry playboy belly button rings playboy nipple rings playboy nose rings playboy tongue rings playboy industrial barbells playboy necklaces & chokers playboy earrings playboy rings playboy bracelets playboy cartilage earrings playboy plugs & gauges ear piercing jewelry shop ear piercing jewelry cartilage earrings shop cartilage earrings daith helix hinged hoops industrial barbells titanium cartilage rings tragus dangle earrings ear cuffs ear gauges, plugs & stretching shop ear gauges, plugs & stretching organics plugs shop plugs organics tapers tunnels shop tunnels silicone silicone spirals & pinchers stretching kits magnetic earrings huggies & hoop earrings multi-pack earrings playboy earrings stud earrings barbell jewelry shop barbell jewelry tongue rings shop tongue rings titanium tongue rings eyebrow rings shop eyebrow rings titanium lip & eyebrow rings shop titanium lip & eyebrow rings titanium curved barbells curved barbells curved barbells industrial barbells nipple barbells nose rings & nose studs shop nose rings & nose studs nose pins nose corkscrews nose l bends nose multi pack hoop nose rings shop hoop nose rings hinged hoops septum rings shop septum rings hinged hoops titanium nose rings eyebrow rings shop eyebrow rings titanium lip & eyebrow rings shop titanium lip & eyebrow rings titanium curved barbells curved barbells lip rings & labret jewelry shop lip rings & labret jewelry titanium lip & eyebrow rings shop titanium lip & eyebrow rings titanium curved barbells tongue rings shop tongue rings titanium tongue rings belly button rings shop belly button rings belly button ring multi pack dangle belly button rings non-dangle belly button rings titanium belly rings nipple rings shop nipple rings nipple barbells nipple captives & horseshoes nipple multi packs nipple shields & stirrups horseshoes & captives shop horseshoes & captives captive bead rings horseshoes horseshoe captive multi packs titanium nipple rings horseshoes & captives shop horseshoes & captives captive bead rings horseshoes horseshoe captive multi packs fake body jewelry shop fake body jewelry fake nose & septum rings fake plugs fake rings & hoops fake tapers & spirals magnetic earrings organics necklaces shop necklaces chain necklaces chokers bracelets shop bracelets beaded bracelets charm bracelets rings body chains retainers personal care shop personal care sex & wellness shop sex & wellness top sellers shop by brand shop shop by brand af arouz'd cute little fuckers fetish fantasy fleshlight good d hott love toys & accessories hott love extreme lelo oona phluid playboy pleasure pleasure bound romp sexology twisted fantasies we-vibe vibrators shop vibrators beginner vibrators clitoral vibrators discreet vibrators luxury vibrators egg vibrators rabbit vibrators remote vibrators realistic vibrators mens vibrators g-spot vibrators wand massagers rechargeable vibrators fashion vibrators waterproof vibrators anal vibrators tongue & finger vibrators vibrating panties bullet vibrators phluid dildos shop dildos double dildos fantasy dildos & strokers g-spot dildos glass dildos large dildos realistic dildos strap-ons suction cup dildos vibrating dildos strap-ons grinders anal toys shop anal toys anal beads anal lubes butt plugs anal vibrators anal training kits prostate toys mens sex toys shop mens sex toys anal toys shop anal toys anal beads anal lubes butt plugs anal vibrators anal training kits prostate toys cock rings fleshlight mens vibrators prostate toys pumps sleeves & enhancers strokers shop strokers fantasy dildos & strokers realistic strokers couples sex toys shop couples sex toys anal toys shop anal toys anal beads anal lubes butt plugs anal vibrators anal training kits prostate toys bondage gear shop bondage gear ball gags blindfolds bondage apparel bondage kits handcuffs & restraints shop handcuffs & restraints chastity devices nipple toys sensation play sex swings & furniture whips, crops & ticklers clitoral vibrators cock rings dildos shop dildos double dildos fantasy dildos & strokers g-spot dildos glass dildos large dildos realistic dildos strap-ons suction cup dildos vibrating dildos foreplay remote vibrators sensation play sex games sex swings & furniture sex toy kits sleeves & enhancers strap-ons vibrating panties sexual enhancements lubes & lotions shop lubes & lotions anal lubes flavored lubes & lotions prolong & enhance lubes silicone based lubes warming lubes & lotions water based lubes bondage gear shop bondage gear ball gags blindfolds bondage apparel bondage kits handcuffs & restraints shop handcuffs & restraints chastity devices nipple toys sensation play sex swings & furniture whips, crops & ticklers handcuffs & restraints shop handcuffs & restraints chastity devices stripper poles adult novelties shop adult novelties bath & shower stripper poles edibles naughty gifts to share sex books sex games sexy deals shop sexy deals gifts under $10 gifts under $20 gifts under $50 gifts under $100 gifts for her gifts for him lingerie sex toy kits intimate care kegal exercisers foreplay sexy deals shop sexy deals gifts under $10 gifts under $20 gifts under $50 gifts under $100 gifts for her gifts for him sex & wellness clearance lingerie shop lingerie top sellers babydolls & slips body stockings bridal lingerie corsets & bustiers crotchless panties fantasy dress up holiday lingerie hosiery lingerie dresses bras & panties pasties & garters plus size lingerie teddies & bodysuits gender affirming products intimate care holistic & healing shop holistic & healing buddha chakra crystals & stones incense & burners tarot cards horror shop horror horror accessories horror apparel horror backpacks horror decor horror drinkware horror fleece horror hoodies horror loungewear & slippers horror t shirts scary dolls & figures scary plush annabelle bloody disgusting chucky elvira friday the 13th ghost face it killer klowns from outer space michael myers nightmare on elm street saw terrifier texas chainsaw massacre trick 'r treat shop all horror room & décor shop room & décor ashtrays black lights & accessories fleece blankets holistic & healing shop holistic & healing buddha chakra crystals & stones incense & burners tarot cards noodle bowls lava lamps party lighting pillows planters plush toys posters stash jars & storage boxes toys & figures shop toys & figures collectible figures plush toys scary dolls & figures tapestries & wall art lifestyle shop lifestyle alt girl backpacks shop backpacks new arrivals anime backpacks built up backpacks exclusive backpacks fashion backpacks gaming backpacks horror backpacks mini backpacks movies & tv backpacks reversible backpacks lunch boxes loungefly pins & buttons belts & buckles bottoms shop bottoms skirts shorts loungewear bottoms boxers bags & purses shop bags & purses crossbody bags fanny packs loungefly shoulder bags travel bags & luggage wristlets & coin purses hair & makeup hats, caps & beanies shop hats, caps & beanies beanies dad hats bucket & sun hats snapback hats keychains & lanyards shop keychains & lanyards pins & buttons mini backpacks pajamas & slippers playboy merch & accessories psd sets socks sweatshirts & hoodies graphic tees shop graphic tees top sellers online exclusive t shirts new arrivals trending tees plus size t shirts statement t shirts funny t shirts food & drink t shirts steven rhodes t shirts movie t shirts playboy tees teen hearts t shirts destination & travel t shirts music & band t shirts horror t shirts hentai t shirts pride t shirts gaming t shirts anime t shirts tv t shirts cropped t shirts long sleeve t shirts holiday t shirts shop holiday t shirts pride t shirts st patricks day t shirts clearance t shirts shop clearance t shirts $5 t shirts tops shop tops bralettes button down shirts crop tops halters jerseys tanks wallets shop wallets wallet chains western drinkware shop drinkware coffee mugs shooters & shot glasses tumblers water bottles wine glasses beer pong tables & accessories beer bongs & funnels drinking accessories shop drinking accessories beer bongs & funnels birthday drinkware gifts & humor shop gifts & humor bachelor party bachelorette party shop bachelorette party bachelorette party accessories bachelorette party decorations bachelorette party drinkware bachelorette party favors bachelorette party games bridal lingerie birthday shop birthday birthday drinkware funny gifts gags & pranks games shop games board games card games dice games drinking games party games pop culture shop pop culture anime shop anime attack on titan cowboy bebop demon slayer dragon ball z gloomy bear hunter x hunter jojos bizarre adventure my hero academia naruto one piece pokemon sailor moon tokyo ghoul junji ito chainsaw man shonen jump shop shonen jump bleach dragon ball demon slayer hunter x hunter jojos bizarre adventure my hero academia naruto one piece tokyo ghoul chainsaw man jujutsu kaisen inuyasha jujutsu kaisen corona danny duncan disney gaming shop gaming dungeons & dragons fortnite merch nintendo sonic the hedgehog super mario kirby five nights at freddy's the legend of zelda pokemon hentai hooters shop all horror kayla malecc x spencer's shop kayla malecc x spencer's kayla malecc x spencer's jewelry loungefly morbid movies shop movies annabelle barbie beetlejuice birds of prey chucky coraline corpse bride deadpool dc comics five nights at freddy's friday the 13th ghost face harry potter haunted mansion hocus pocus it killer klowns from outer space lilo & stitch mean girls michael myers nightmare before christmas nightmare on elm street saw shrek spider-man scarface star wars terrifier trick 'r treat twilight will ferrell movies music & band shop music & band alternative rock shop alternative rock blink-182 greta van fleet misfits nirvana pink floyd red hot chili peppers sleep token sublime classic rock shop classic rock ac/dc elvis grateful dead guns 'n roses jimi hendrix johnny cash led zeppelin pink floyd the rolling stones ozzy osbourne def leppard mötley crüe country shop country johnny cash hip hop shop hip hop aaliyah death row records h.e.r. ice cube insane clown posse juice wrld nba youngboy outkast sexyy red snoop dogg the notorious b.i.g. trippie redd tupac wu-tang clan metal shop metal metallica mötley crüe ozzy osbourne rob zombie sleep token slipknot reggae shop reggae bob marley sublime pop shop pop michael jackson selena aaliyah cheetos playboy shop playboy playboy jewelry shop playboy jewelry playboy belly button rings playboy nipple rings playboy nose rings playboy tongue rings playboy industrial barbells playboy necklaces & chokers playboy earrings playboy rings playboy bracelets playboy cartilage earrings playboy plugs & gauges playboy apparel playboy bags & wallets playboy drinkware playboy hoodies playboy room & décor playboy tees pride shop pride pride accessories pride drinkware pride flags pride jewelry pride t shirts pride sex toys steven rhodes superheroes shop superheroes deadpool dc comics harley quinn marvel suicide squad spider-man television shop television adventure time bratz betty boop care bears courage the cowardly dog friends invader zim jersey shore looney tunes my little pony rick and morty rugrats scooby-doo south park shop south park south park drinkware south park hats south park plush south park room & décor south park socks south park tees spongebob squarepants stranger things teenage mutant ninja turtles the golden girls the powerpuff girls the simpsons wednesday wwe nickelodeon cartoon network the boys x spencer's too turnt tony seasonal shop seasonal festival shop festival festival apparel festival accessories pride back to school backpacks halloween shop halloween girls costumes shop girls costumes girls apparel & undergarments girls classic costumes girls scary costumes girls occupational costumes girls plus size halloween costumes girls sexy costumes girls time period costumes guys costumes shop guys costumes guys classic costumes guys scary costumes guys funny costumes guys occupational costumes guys plus size halloween costumes guys sexy costumes shop by theme shop shop by theme animal costumes alien costumes angel & devil costumes classic costumes scary clown costumes occupational costumes steampunk costumes vampire costumes witch & coven costumes time period costumes group & couples costumes inflatable costumes horror costumes funny costumes tv, movies & gaming shop tv, movies & gaming movies shop movies barbie beetlejuice hocus pocus costumes chucky trick 'r treat nightmare before christmas costumes pennywise costumes michael myers costumes friday the 13th killer klowns from outer space harry potter costumes scooby doo suicide squad costumes gremlins masks & costumes tv costumes gaming shop gaming fortnite merch anime costumes superhero costumes kids costumes shop kids costumes boys kids costumes girls kids costumes toddler costumes halloween accessories shop halloween accessories costume gloves costume hosiery costume kits costume makeup, nails & tattoos costume socks halloween drinkware halloween hats halloween jewelry weapons & props animatronics outdoor halloween decor shop outdoor halloween decor animatronics inflatable decorations props fog machines & lighting indoor halloween home decor shop indoor halloween home decor classic horror gothic decor witchy decor scary dolls & figures halloween drinkware black lights & accessories haunted mansion hocus pocus nightmare before christmas halloween masks wigs costume t shirts shop costume t shirts girls costume t shirts guys costume t shirts christmas shop christmas ugly sweaters shop ugly sweaters horror sweaters snoop on the stoop gifts under $20 gifts under $50 stocking stuffers funny gifts gag gifts gifts for her gifts for him white elephant gifts valentine's day clearance shop clearance clearance t shirts shop clearance t shirts $5 t shirts drinkware clearance décor clearance apparel clearance accessories clearance seasonal clearance sex & wellness clearance my account order status the inspo spot find stores help sign in account sign in or create account package-variant-closed order status 0 enter zip code find your store select a store your store search for stores use my current location search checking store availability same day delivery item availability and shipping options will change based on location. zip code submit cancel same day delivery to null use my current location enter zip code graphic tees body jewelry personal care horror room & décor lifestyle drinkware gifts & humor pop culture seasonal clearance spencer gifts privacy policy spencer gifts privacy policy last updated: january 1, 2025 collection of personal information cookies and other tracking technologies use of personal information disclosure of personal information interactive features and links sweepstakes, contests, and promotions data security your choices data retention children's privacy additional information for california residents additional information for residents of other u.s. states information for users outside the united states updates to this privacy policy contact us this privacy policy describes how spencer gifts llc ("spencer's," "we," "our," "us") may collect, use, or disclose personal information, including through its websites that link to this privacy policy, such as www.spencersonline.com, (the "websites"), its mobile applications that link to this privacy policy (the "apps"), and offline means, such as in-store locations (together, the "services"). this privacy policy does not apply to other online services that we control and maintain, but do not link to this privacy policy. we may provide you additional privacy notices at the point of collection of your personal information, which supplement this privacy policy. as used in this privacy policy, the term “personal information” means information that identifies, relates to, describes, is reasonably capable of being associated with, or could reasonably be linked, directly or indirectly, with you. personal information does not include information that is publicly available, de-identified, or aggregated. 1. collection of personal information we may obtain personal information from the following sources: directly from you. for example, when you sign up for email communications, register an account, enter promotions and sweepstakes, make purchases or donations, contact customer service (including through chat features), participate in surveys, make a product request or review, or otherwise interact with us. through tracking technology vendors. for example, via cookies and other tracking technologies (see section 2 entitled "cookies and other tracking technologies" for more information). from other parties. for example, our vendors and partners. we may also obtain your personal information from other consumers such as when they refer you to sign up to our loyalty program or ship you a gift. below are the categories of personal information we collect. note that the personal information we collect about you may vary depending on the nature of your interactions with us and may not include all of the examples listed below. identifiers. this includes name, address, telephone number, account login credentials, email address, and other similar identifiers. personal records. this includes name, address, telephone number, and email address. payment information. you may provide certain payment information, and billing address information. characteristics or traits: this includes age and date of birth. commercial information. this includes purchase history or tendencies. internet or other electronic network activity information. this includes browsing history, search history, ip address, device identifiers, and information regarding online interactions, including interactions over time across the internet, the websites and apps, and advertisements. geolocation data. this includes approximate location, which may be based on your zip code, ip address, or device information. audio, electronic, visual, or similar information. this includes photos, audio recordings of customer care calls, and cctv footage. inferences. we may draw inferences from the other personal information we process to create a profile about you reflecting your preferences and interests. spencer's may combine information about you that we have collected with information we obtain from other parties in accordance with this privacy policy. 2. cookies and other tracking technologies we and our vendors may use a variety of tracking technologies, including cookies, beacons, pixels, and sdks that collect certain information when you interact with the websites and apps. depending on your device and browser settings, these tracking technologies may collect your ip address, device identifiers, user preferences, approximate geolocation, the pages you click on, and the website you visited immediately beforehand. additionally, these technologies may collect details about how you interact with the websites and apps. we may use these technologies for various purposes, including to provide functionality to the websites and apps, help us route traffic between servers, understand how the websites and apps are performing, how visitors use the websites and apps, improve features and content on the websites and apps, and for advertising purposes. we may combine certain information collected through tracking technologies with other information we obtain about you, which may include information we obtain from our vendors. we or other parties may collect personal information about your online activities over time when you use the websites or apps. technologies we use may include, but are not limited to: adobe analytics. for more information on how adobe uses data collected through tracking technologies, click here. to opt out of adobe analytics, click here. meta. meta may use cookies, web beacons, and other storage technologies, including the meta pixel, to collect or receive information from the websites, apps, and elsewhere on the internet and use that information to target and deliver ads. facebook custom audiences. you may opt out of facebook custom audiences by logging into your facebook account and changing your privacy or advertising settings. you may opt out of facebook custom audiences by logging into your facebook account and changing your privacy or advertising settings. certain advertising tracking technology vendors may participate in the digital advertising alliance ("daa") adchoices program and may display an advertising option icon for interest-based ads that links to an opt-out tool which allows you to exercise certain choices regarding targeting. you can learn more about the daa adchoices program at http://www.youradchoices.com/ and its opt-out program for mobile apps at http://www.aboutads.info/appchoices. in addition, certain advertising networks and exchanges may participate in the network advertising initiative ("nai"). nai has developed a tool that allows consumers to opt out of certain interest-based ads delivered by nai members' ad networks. to learn more about opting out of such targeted advertising or to use the nai tool, see http://www.networkadvertising.org/choices/ and https://www.networkadvertising.org/mobile-choice/ for its opt-out program for mobile apps. please be aware that, even if you are able to opt out of certain kinds of interest-based ads, you may continue to receive non-targeted ads. you may be able to adjust your browser settings to remove or reject cookies. some browsers may have a "do not track" setting. please note that the websites are not designed to respond to "do not track" settings. you can use mobile device settings to limit mobile tracking technologies and associated activities. for instance, you can adjust or reset the advertising identifiers on your mobile device in the device settings. ios users can visit settings > privacy > advertising > reset advertising identifier. android users can visit google settings > ads > reset advertising id. we are not responsible for the effectiveness of, or compliance with, external-parties' opt-out options or programs or the accuracy of their statements regarding their programs. 3. use of personal information we may use your personal information for various purposes, depending on your interactions with us, including: to provide services you request or at your direction, including operating and maintaining our online and offline goods and services. to improve our services, including personalizing your online experience, identifying and repairing issues, and improving, upgrading, and enhancing our products and services. for quality, safety, and internal research, including evaluating our services; repairing or improving the quality of our services; tracking and responding to quality and security issues; and developing new or enhanced products and services offerings. for advertising and marketing, including measuring the effectiveness of our advertising and marketing, and uncovering insights to improve our marketing. for security and integrity, including detecting security incidents and protecting against malicious, deceptive, or illegal activity, enforcing our policies and terms, protecting our rights, and generally providing you with a secure experience. for compliance, including complying with applicable laws, regulations, or legal processes. we reserve the right to convert, or permit others to convert, your personal information into deidentified, anonymized, or aggregated data, as permitted by law. 4. disclosure of personal information we may disclose each of the categories of personal information identified above to the below categories of recipients for operational or business purposes consistent with our purposes for collection and/or use. a. our corporate affiliates we may disclose personal information we collect about you to our corporate affiliates for the business purposes detailed in this privacy policy. b. strategic partners from time to time, we may enter into a special relationship with another company that is not owned by or affiliated with us to provide additional features on the services. these special relationships may include business partners, sponsors, and co-branded sites (referred to here as co-branded pages). any information, including personal information, that you provide on one of these co-branded pages, may be collected, used and disclosed by us to these partners. separate privacy policies may apply to these uses of your personal information. you will be informed when there is a co-branded page so that you can review the relevant privacy policies that apply. c. vendors we may use vendors to help us operate our business and the services, or to perform services on our behalf, such as: sending emails, serving advertisements, order fulfillment, processing payments, sweepstake administration, helping you locate the nearest store to you, services maintenance, collecting and analyzing data, customer service, and detecting and deterring fraud or other illegal activities. d. other disclosures your personal information may also be disclosed: as required and/or permitted by applicable laws; in the event we sell or transfer all or a portion of our business assets (e.g., further to a merger, reorganization, liquidation, or any other business transaction), including negotiations of such transactions, in accordance with applicable laws; where we determine that disclosure of specific information is necessary to comply with the request of a law enforcement or regulatory agency or other legal process; or to enforce our policies, or to investigate, prevent and take action regarding illegal activities, suspected fraud, to protect legal rights, propriety, or safety; or when necessary to protect our affiliated companies, our employees, our customers, or others. 5. interactive features and links we may engage vendors to provide certain interactive features on our websites and apps. your use of these interactive features is voluntary, and we may retain the information that you submit through these features. for example, we may offer an interactive chat feature to assist you with your order and for other customer service purposes. when you participate in the interactive chat, either with a virtual or live agent, the contents of the chat may be captured and kept as a transcript. certain interactive features may allow you to share content to your social media profile or submit content to us such as product reviews. we may also enable access to, or display of, content served and published by other parties. additionally, we may link to other online services that we do not maintain or control. when submitting information through an interactive feature provided by a vendor, or when visiting another online service, you are subject to that vendor's terms of use and privacy policy. you should review those privacy policies to understand how these parties may use or disclose your personal information. we are not responsible for the content or privacy practices of any linked websites that we do not control. this privacy policy does not apply to online services that we do not control or maintain. 6. sweepstakes, contests, and promotions we may operate sweepstakes, contests, raffles, and similar promotions (each, a promotion), including promotions that are jointly sponsored or offered by other parties. participating in a promotion may require submitting personal information. if you choose to participate in a promotion, your personal information may be disclosed to these parties as described in the terms applicable to that promotion. 7. data security we strive to maintain appropriate administrative, technical, and physical safeguards that are designed to help protect personal information collected or received through the services, taking into account the volume, sensitivity, intended use, and format of the personal information. we limit access to your personal information to our trained employees who we reasonably believe need to come into contact with that information to provide products or services to you or in order to do their jobs. although we follow reasonable procedures to safeguard information, transmission via the internet is not completely secure and we cannot guarantee the security of your information submitted online. 8. your choices a. account information you may update certain personal information by logging into your account and accessing the account settings feature. b. email marketing if you signed up to our email marketing communications, you may opt out at any time by clicking the unsubscribe link in the body of the email or by contacting us at: spencer gifts llc 6826 black horse pike egg harbor township, nj 08234 1-800-762-0419 guestservices@spencersonline.com if you have a registered account, you may also control your email marketing preferences through your account settings. please allow up to 10 business days for your request to be processed. note that regardless of your email marketing preferences, spencer's may still send you program emails for administrative reasons, including transactional emails about your account or any services or products you have requested or received from us. c. app permissions certain features of the apps may require access to certain information from your device. depending on the app and your apps permission settings, the apps may have access to your photos/media/files/storage (allowing the apps to access the contents of files on your device). you can change your app permissions settings at any time through your device. 9. data retention we keep your personal information for as long as is necessary for the purposes described in this privacy policy, which generally means holding the personal information for as long as one of the following apply: your personal information is reasonably necessary to manage our operations, to manage your relationship with us, or to satisfy another purpose for which we collected the personal information; your personal information is reasonably necessary to carry out a disclosed purpose that is reasonably compatible with the context in which the personal information was collected; or we are otherwise required or permitted to keep your personal information by applicable laws or regulations. where personal information is used for more than one purpose, we will retain it until the purpose with the latest period expires. for more information about our retention policies, please contact us using the contact details below. 10. children's privacy our services are not intended for children under 13. if we learn that we have received information directly from a child who is under the age of 13, we will delete the information in accordance with applicable law. 11. additional information for california residents this section supplements the other parts of our privacy policy and provides additional disclosures for california residents. a. sales and sharing of personal information we may sell and/or share with third parties for cross-context behavioral advertising the following categories of personal information: identifiers; internet or other electronic network activity information; and geolocation data. we sell and/or share this personal information to third-party advertisers and some analytics vendors solely via cookies and tracking technologies deployed on our website. the purposes for which we sell and/or share this information include: showing you relevant ads while you browse the internet or use social media, marketing, certain types of analytics, or similar purposes. we do not have actual knowledge that we sell or share the personal information of consumers under 16 years of age. we offer you the ability to opt out of sales and sharing of your personal information as set forth below. b. california privacy rights california residents have certain rights relating to their personal information as described below. to exercise any of these rights, please submit a request through our webform or by calling us at 1-844-976-1706. please note that we will need to authenticate your identity before your request can be processed. for authentication, you will be asked to verify your identity in accordance with the law. we will not discriminate against you for choosing to exercise any of your privacy rights. right to know: you have the right to know what personal information we have collected about you, which includes: (1)	the categories of personal information we have collected about you, including: a. the categories of sources from which the personal information was collected. b. our business or commercial purposes for collecting, selling, sharing, or disclosing personal information. c. the categories of recipients to which we disclose personal information. d. the categories of personal information that we sold, and for each category identified, the categories of third parties to which we sold that particular category of personal information. e. the categories of personal information that we disclosed for a business purpose, and for each category identified, the categories of recipients to which we disclosed that particular category of personal information. (2)	the specific pieces of personal information we have collected about you. right to delete: you have the right to request that we delete personal information we collected from you, subject to certain exceptions. right to correct: if you believe that personal information we maintain about you is inaccurate, you have the right to request that we correct that information. right to opt out of sales and sharing: you have the right to opt out of the sale of your personal information, and to request that we do not share your personal information for cross-context behavioral advertising. to opt-out, please click the “your privacy choices” link in the footer of our websites. you may also exercise your right to opt of sales and sharing via an opt out preference signal. if you choose to use the (gpc) browser signal you will need to turn it on for each browser you use. in addition, california residents have the following rights, which must be exercised as described below: california's "shine the light" law. california's "shine the light" law permits california residents to request certain information regarding our disclosure of certain personal information to third parties for their own direct marketing purposes. if you are a california resident, you may request information about our compliance with the shine the light law by contacting us at cashinethelight@spencergifts.com or by sending a letter to 6826 black horse pike, egg harbor township, nj 08234 attn: legal department/california privacy inquiry. any such request must include "california shine the light request" in the first line of the description and include your name, street address, city, state, and zip code. please note that we are only required to respond to one request per customer each calendar year. california minors. any california residents under the age of eighteen (18) who have registered to use our online services, and who posted content or information on the online service, can request removal by contacting us at legaldept@spencergifts.com detailing where the content or information is posted and attesting that you posted it. 12. additional information for residents of other u.s. states this section supplements the other parts of our privacy policy, and provides additional information for residents of certain u.s. states other than california. if you are a resident of california, please review our california-specific disclosures, above. a. sales and targeted advertising we may sell the following categories of personal information: identifiers; internet or other electronic network activity information; and geolocation data. we sell this personal information to third-party advertisers and some analytics vendors solely via cookies and tracking technologies on our website. the purposes for which we sell this information include: showing you relevant ads while you browse the internet or use social media, marketing, certain types of analytics, or similar purposes. we offer you the ability to opt out of sales and targeted advertising as set forth below. b. privacy rights residents of certain u.s. states other than california may have certain rights relating to your personal information as described below. to exercise any of these rights, please submit a request through our webform or by calling us at 1-844-976-1706. please note that we will need to authenticate your identity before your request can be processed. for authentication, you will be asked to verify your identity in accordance with the law. if you are unsatisfied with the resolution or result of a prior request, you may ask us to reexamine your request using our webform. we will not discriminate against you for choosing to exercise any of your privacy rights. right to confirm, know, or access: you may confirm whether we are processing your personal information, access your personal information, and obtain a copy of the personal information you provided to us in a portable format. oregon residents may also request a list of third parties to which we disclose personal information. delaware residents may also request the categories of third parties to which we disclose their personal information. right to correct: you may request that we correct inaccuracies in your personal information, taking into account the nature of the personal information and our purposes for processing it. right to delete: you may request that we delete your personal information. please note that we may retain certain personal information as permitted by applicable law. right to opt out: you may have the right to opt out of the sale of your personal information, and the use of your personal information for targeted advertising. to opt-out, please click the “your privacy choices” link in the footer of our websites. you may also exercise your right to opt of sales and targeted advertising via an opt out preference signal. if you choose to use the global privacy control (gpc) browser signal you will need to turn it on for each browser you use. authorized agents: depending on your state of residency, you may have the right to designate an authorized agent to make certain privacy rights requests on your behalf. please note that if you make a privacy rights request, we will retain the personal information submitted in connection with your request for recordkeeping purposes. 13. information for users outside the united states cross-border data transfers. if you are visiting the websites or apps from outside the united states, please be aware that personal information we and our vendors obtain about you will be processed in the united states or in other jurisdictions. by using the websites or apps, you acknowledge your personal information may be transferred to, and processed in, jurisdictions outside your own, as described in this privacy policy. please be aware that the data protection laws and regulations that apply to your personal information transferred to the united states or other countries may be different from the laws in your country of residence. canadian privacy rights. subject to limited exceptions under applicable law, or contractual requirements, and reasonable notice, you have the right to access, update, rectify and correct inaccuracies in your personal information and to withdraw your consent to our collection, use and disclosure of your personal information. the withdrawal of your consent may affect our ability to continue to provide you with the products and services that you have or would like to receive because the continued use and disclosure of your personal information is a necessary part of making the product or service available to you. to exercise these rights, you may submit a request through our webform. we may require certain personal information for the purpose of verifying the identity of the individual making the request. 14. updates to this privacy policy we reserve the right to make changes to this privacy policy. these changes will take effect immediately upon posting. for your convenience, the last updated date of the current privacy policy will be posted at the top of this page. by continuing to use the services following such changes, you will be deemed to have agreed to such changes. if you do not agree to the changes in our privacy policy, it is your responsibility to stop using our services. it is your obligation to ensure that you read, understand and agree to the latest version of the privacy policy. 15. contact us the controller of your personal information is spencer gifts llc. you may contact us at legaldept@spencergifts.com. order info my account order status return policy start a return shipping info product info company info the inspo spot store locator about spencer's spencer's careers affiliates resources guest services spencer's nation ask jackie site map intimate warranty jewelry warranty policies ca supply chains act philly fair chance l.a.fair chance website accessibility policy transparency in coverage privacy rights request form lets stay connected sign up for email and/or sms and receive 20% off 1 item plus free shipping over $25 on your next order. text join to 82167 to sign up for sms / text promotions email join! you must agree to receive emails from spencers llc. follow us make a difference donate toboobies make me smileand support the fight against young adult cancer.learn more. terms of service | privacy policy | your privacy choices klarna badge 6826 black horse pike,egg harbor township,nj 08234 copyright © 2025 spencer gifts,llc select a store your store search for stores use my current location search only display stores with availability checking store availability