来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20101222134744/http://alligatorperformance.com/about_us.php
================================================================================

alligatorperformance.com specializes in selling name brand diesel truck accessories and performance parts for your ford, dodge, chevy and gmc trucks. also offers bed covers, air intake filters, exhaust systems, fuel tanks and other parts online at discou dodge 5.9l cummins 89-93dodge 5.9l cummins 94-02dodge 5.9l cummins 03-04dodge 5.9l cummins 04.5-07dodge 6.7l cummins 07.5-09dodge 6.7l cummins 10-updodge gasford 7.3l powerstroke 95-97ford 7.3l powerstroke 99-03ford 6.0l powerstroke 03-07ford 6.4l powerstroke 08-10ford 6.7l powerstroke 11-upford gasford 7.3l idi 90-94gm duramax 6.6l 01-04 lb7gm duramax 6.6l 04.5-05 llygm duramax 6.6l 06-07 lbzgm duramax 6.6l 07.5-10 lmmgm duramax 6.6l 11-up lmlgm duramax kodiak/topkickgm 6.5l turbodiesel 92-00chevy camarogm / chevy gasgm tahoe 07-08gm 6.6l duramax vangm suburban 07-08nissan v6 4.0l frontier 05-08nissan v6 4.0l pathfinder 05-08nissan v6 4.0l xterra 05-08nissan titan 05-up 5.6lnissan armada 05-up 5.6ltoyota 4 runner 03-09toyota tacoma 03-uptoyota 4 runner 99-02toyota rav4 01-05toyota tacoma 05-10toyota tundra 00-07toyota tacoma 96-02toyota tundra 08-up 5.7ltoyota fj cruiser 06-upjeep libertyjeep wrangler tj 97-06jeep wrangler jk 07-upjeep grand cherokee 99-04mercedes gl 320 07-09mercedes e 320 cdi 05-09mercedes sprinter van 03-09freightliner sprinter 02-06 2.7/3.2lfreightliner sprinter 07-09 3.0lvolkwagen 1.9l tdi 96-98volkwagen 1.9l tdi 99-03volkswagen 1.9l/2.0l tdi 04-06cummins isx/ismheavy tractor/farm equip please selectaccessadpaemaeroforce gauge..afeair dogair liftairaidamerican forceamp researchandersen manufa..arbarpatsautometerb&m racingb&w hitchesbanksbd dieselbds suspensionbell techbestop power st..bilsteinbmf wheelsbully dogbushwackercaltracscarli suspensio..carrcarriage workscenterlinecfm+cognitocolorbondcorsadetroit lockerdfuserdiablosportdiamo wheelsdiamond eyedick cepekdiesel power so..diesel race par..diesel race pla..dieselsitedifferent trenddipricoldpf-rdr. performancedynatracdynomite dieseldynomite inject..edgeefi livefabtechfass fuel syste..firestoneflash lubefleece performa..flex-a-liteflowmasterflo~profluidamprfox racing shoxfreedom grill i..full metal powe..fumotofusion bumpersgiftsgood hoodgood hoodgreat day inc.ground forceh&s performancehellahellmann perfro..high tech turbohoghusky linershypertechindustrial inje..issprojvc audiok&nkc hiliteskleinnlight forcemads electronic..mag-hytecmagnaflowmbrpmcgaughysmerchant automo..mickey thompson..moogmoto metalmpen-fabnitto tireoasispac brakepdippepredator by drp..pro compputcoranchorare partsrbp - rolling b..rcdready liftreconrigid industrie..river city dies..rize industriesroyal purples&b filtersscratch & dentsctsilverline exha..sinister mfg.skyjackersmittybiltsnow performanc..socal dieselsouth bend clut..ssbcsulasticsun coast conve..superchipssuperliftsuspension maxxswamps diesel p..t-rex grillest-rex technolog..titan tankstoyotransfer flowtransgotrue flowts performancetst products, i..turboneticsvalairvan aakenvanaakenviairvisiocorpvolantxdxx-fuelyukon gear & ax.. please select- dpf delete - package..- dpf delete pipes- dpf/egr delete - ele..- turbos & twin turbo ..12v mechanical perform..accessoriesadditivesair compressor kitsair filters & cleaning..air intakeair lockersbanks brakebanks power packagesboost foolersbrake controllersbrakesbumperscar audiocarli suspensioncatalytic converterschips, modules & tuner..clutch kitsdecals & shirtsdifferentialdifferential covers/tr..digital gaugesdodge fuel filter dele..down pipesdual cp3 kitsduramax wif wrenchefi liveegr delete/blocker pla..electric fansengine parts - shim ki..exhaust - adapters & ..exhaust - all cat dele..exhaust - all muffler ..exhaust - bed stacksexhaust - cat back dua..exhaust - cat back sin..exhaust - dpf back dua..exhaust - dpf back sin..exhaust - turbo back d..exhaust - turbo back s..exhaust brakesexhaust manifoldsexhaust tipsfilters - fuel-oil-tra..fluidamprfuel tanksfumoto valvegauge accessoriesgauge packagesgauge podsgaugesgauges - pillar paintgift certificatesgrilleshead studs/main studsheavy duty truck tuner..heavy tractor/farm equ..helper bagshoodshusky linershydrogen generatorinjection pumps/mechan..injectorsleveling kitslift kitslift pumps & fuel syst..lift pumps - replaceme..lightingmufflersoil - gear lube - flui..oil centrifugepackages dealspcv re-routepropane & nitrousregulated returnscratch and dentsensorsspare tire rackspecialsspecialty turbossteeringstepssteps - power stepssuper diesel manifoldssuspensionsuspension - shocksthrottle body spacerstirestow hitchestraction barstransfer case repairtransmissionturbo timerswastegate/boost increa..water methwheels company policy will void my warranty? customer feedback sponsored trucks shipping policy privacy policy conditions of use returns procedure track a return new products home » catalog » about us about us alligator diesel performance began in 2005 from sunny las vegas, nv and relocated to beautiful post falls, id in 2009.   as the founders of the company, (chad and jayme hall) we work together with our full service staff of trained experts to meet the needs of today's savvy enthusiast. we started this company on the foundation of providing the best customer and technical support, the best pricing, the best parts selection and the fastest shipping in the industry.  with 4 regional warehouses, we can usually deliver your order within 1-3 business days.  we also offer free shipping on most orders over $49.99 and expedited freight is always available if you just can't wait. here at alligator diesel performance, we are not only salesmen, but enthusiasts like you.  we use what we sell.  every member of our sales staff owns a diesel vehicle and all of them are equipped with performance parts from mild to wild.  from a built 06 duramax to a 730 hp 03 cummins, we've tested and installed almost every type of part to better assist you in choosing the right equipment for your truck.  if you give us the opportuninty to serve you, we promise you won't be disappointed. listen to what our customers are saying: "i just want to make to shout-out to alligator performance for the outstanding customer service i received on my order this week. the customer service was impeccable and products arrived safely within two days of my order. two thumbs up!"  - don miller "absolutely amazing customer service and product i was told a time when the products would be shipped and they were shipped on time. the pricing is amazing and the customer service is simply awesome wich is very hard to find. i would recommend alligator performance to anyone and i will continue to build my truck with parts from alligator performance." - jared szakacs "just wanted to let your company know, that i ordered an mbrp exhuast for my truck on 5-11-10, and it arrived on 5-12-10, less than 24 hrs with standard ground shipping. i just got it put on my truck and it sounds awesome. the 5" tip also looks good! i shopped around on the internet and your company was almost $100 cheaper than other places for the same product. if i need more products for my truck, i will look no other place except for you guys. oh and i will be telling other people that i work with about you as well. "  - keith potts "wow extremely satisfied with alligator performance. ordered gauges thursday for estimated delivery the next tuesday. showed up on my doorstep friday afternoon. awesome service...i will be using you guys again guaranteed! thanks." - shawn gardner "just wanted to say thank you all. you was very informitave and helpful when i called to order my new supply pump. it was on my door step in two days as promised! i'll refer you to all my friends who need parts and you'll continue to get my business! thanks again!" - jonathan robinson "just wanted to tell everyone at alligator performance thank you, this is the first time i have ordered from you and the experience was great. i had to overnight something because of poor planning on my part, and you didn't have it in stock so you had it shipped straight from the factory. i will recommend you to anyone i know needing parts. this will make my trip to the races this weekend a little faster. again thank you, and i will be ordering again." - bobby hunt "just wanted to drop a note and say "thanks" for the great service that you have provided me on my orders. i am a business owner myself and i know that service means everything especially today!. i could buy my products elsewhere but it is your superior service that has made me return for more products. great work!!" - dan haile "you guys are great. everything i have ordered has been received with exceptional speed. i will recomend you guys to anybody i know looking for diesel performance. your prices are not only competitive, they are unbeatable by nearly all. if i want it and you got, you will, have, and continue to get my buisness." - banean woosley "i just wanted to say thank you! i think you guys are the best diesel perormance online store going, i have purchased an exhaust and blocker plate from you guys, other online companies didn\'t have what i needed and gave me ridiclous waiting times, you guys had what i needed the first time and recived my stuff in a timely manner, and even got a thank you card! keep up the great work. i have highly recommed you to my friends and family and look for to doing business with you in the future.  -thanks again randy" "just wanted to let you know how pleased i am. when i started doing research for my project i emailed 3 companies for more information; one answered 2 days later, the other never responded, but you answered me that night about 10 pm your time.  excellent information helped me make an informed decision, quick shipping followed by phone support to answer installation questions...this is service we used to expect 30 years ago...nice to see it still exists! we're not racing, but working. we pull heavy trailers with hay in addition to pulling a tripple (30' 5th wheel and 12' livestock trailer). thanks!" "hey adp!  i got the ppe in wenesday and i went to the track tonight and made a pass on level 5.  it went 13.97 at 96 mph.  my truck is stock as a rock other than the ppe, so i'm really pleased. that's the only racing it will ever see...it was great doing business with you." - dave deramus, louisiana "i called and ordered guages and full pillar mounts from you.  they were sent next day air and arrived the next morning as scheduled. i was very pleased with the serivce and also the shipping of the product.  when i talked with your company all it seemed you had was black.  when i got the product your salesman had found the color i wanted (taupe) and shipped them instead.  to my amazement on thursday i recieved a phone call from the salesman wanting to know if my order had arrived and if i was pleased with everything.  let me tell you something, with service like that and following up on orders you have my business and i will pass your site on to everyone i know and will recommend you highly. you have got all of my business from now on. hats off to your sales department and to the salesman who took care of my order, he deserves some praise and a huge bonus for going above and beyond the call of duty. thanks for everything and the whole setup i recieved worked great and looks awesome. i am looking forward to doing business in the future and keep up the great work." - weston robertson, texas "i just wanted to let you know how pleased i am with all of the products. i had to install them a piece at a time so it has taken a while to get back to you with the results. it did allow me to conduct some interesting mileage gain tests, though. before installing anything i ran the truck up to my favorite fishing hole, about 100 miles round trip. i set the cruise at 55 mph and monitored my mileage gauge. prior to any modifications/installs, i got 18.5 mpg round trip. i then installed the s & b intake and mileage jumped up to 19.2 on the same trip, same parameters. then, i had the magnaflow exhaust installed and repeated the trip again...now mileage was 20.7. finally, i installed the pmt and, after training the transmission (as per instructions), i set the pmt on extreme and drove once again out to my fishing hole. round trip mileage was 24.5!!! i was very, very pleased with this. so far, my city driving mileage has improved from average 14 mpg to 17.5 mpg. again, very, very pleased with this. as for performance, well, let me just say this huge truck moves when you want it to. power while towing is phenominal. i towed a 3,000 lb load on a single axle trailer for 500 miles round trip and got 17.5 mpg at avg speed of 65 mph. the truck never even shifted out of overdrive, even while going up steep alaskan hills that required a truck passing lane. had to push the limits just once to see if the de-fueler works, and it did...as advertised. feel much safer with that feature working. overall, i am extremely pleased with these products and with the customer service. i went back and forth with e-mails while still in iraq and despite the time difference, the sales rep had patience with me and answered all my questions. everything was waiting for me when i got home. thanks to all of you...great products, great service." - heath tempel items in your cart: 0 current subtotal: $0.00 accept credit cards dodge 5.9l cummins 94-02 dodge 5.9l cummins 03-04 dodge 5.9l cummins 04.5-07 dodge 6.7l cummins 07.5-up gm duramax 6.6l 01-04 lb7 gm duramax 6.6l 04.5-05 lly gm duramax 6.6l 06-07 lbz gm duramax 6.6l 07.5-08 lmm ford 7.3l powerstroke 94-97 ford 7.3l powerstroke 99-03 ford 6.0l powerstroke 03-07 ford 6.4l powerstroke 08-up home | contact us | gallery | resources | sitemap tm/(c)2008-2010 by alligator diesel performance llc. all rights reserved.