来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20190206032342/https://www.autohausaz.com/returns-warranties
================================================================================

customer friendly returns policy & information | autohausaz skip to content uaquzatsydzuuevdequwsbdsrtetw our response to covid-19 ez 3-year parts warranty nationwide warehouses my garage questions? search myautohaus cart hello! log in or register hello, guest! log out shop oem replacement parts shop accessories, car care, tools bmw parts bmw air filter bmw cabin filter bmw brake pads bmw brake rotors bmw engine mount bmw engine oil bmw expansion tank bmw fuel filter bmw hood lift support bmw oil filter bmw radiator hose bmw spark plug bmw transmission filter bmw transmission fluid bmw thermostat bmw valve cover gasket bmw water pump bmw wiper blade shop all bmw parts mercedes parts mercedes air filter mercedes cabin filter mercedes brake pads mercedes brake rotors mercedes engine mount mercedes engine oil mercedes expansion tank mercedes fuel filter mercedes hood lift support mercedes oil filter mercedes radiator hose mercedes spark plug mercedes transmission filter mercedes transmission fluid mercedes thermostat mercedes valve cover gasket mercedes water pump mercedes wiper blade shop all mercedes parts porsche parts porsche air filter porsche cabin filter porsche brake pads porsche brake rotors porsche engine mount porsche engine oil porsche expansion tank porsche fuel filter porsche hood lift support porsche oil filter porsche radiator hose porsche spark plug porsche transmission filter porsche transmission fluid porsche thermostat porsche valve cover gasket porsche water pump porsche wiper blade shop all porsche parts audi parts audi air filter audi cabin filter audi brake padsuaquzatsydzuuevdequwsbdsrtetw audi brake rotors audi engine mount audi engine oil audi expansion tank audi fuel filter audi hood lift support audi oil filter audi radiator hose audi spark plug audi transmission filter audi transmission fluid audi thermostat audi valve cover gasket audi water pump audi wiper blade shop all audi parts vw parts vw air filter vw cabin filter vw brake pads vw brake rotors vw engine mount vw engine oil vw expansion tank vw fuel filter vw hood lift support vw oil filter vw radiator hose vw spark plug vw transmission filter vw transmission fluid vw thermostat vw valve cover gasket vw water pump vw wiper blade shop all vw parts volvo parts volvo air filter volvo cabin filter volvo brake pads volvo brake rotors volvo engine mount volvo engine oil volvo expansion tank volvo fuel filter volvo hood lift support volvo oil filter volvo radiator hose volvo spark plug volvo transmission filter volvo transmission fluid volvo thermostat volvo valve cover gasket volvo water pump volvo wiper blade shop all volvo parts saab parts saab air filter saab cabin filter saab brake pads saab brake rotors saab engine mount saab engine oil saab expansion tank saab fuel filter saab hood lift support saab oil filter saab radiator hose saab spark plug saab transmission filter saab transmission fluid saab thermostat saab valve cover gasket saab water pump saab wiper blade shop all saab parts weekly promos autohausaz returns and warranties new part return 45 days* part replacement or refund of your purchase price details warranty part return 3 years part replacement or refund of your purchase price details core return 1 year refund of your core deposit upon core receipt details * policy change notificationstarting january 1st, 2020, a "new" part return has to be requested within 45 days of order placement. a part from order placed prior to january 1st, 2020 is still eligible to be returned as "new" within 1 year of order placement. please consult our "new" part return policy guidelines below to make sure your part is eligible for a return. product warranties all parts are covered by their respective manufacturer's warranties. although most warranties are for 3 years, some manufacturers offer even longer coverage. most parts manufacturers specify their warranty policies on product insert sheets so read this information carefully when you receive your parts and check for any limitations that may apply. most manufacturers extend the warranty only to the original purchaser of the part and require proof of purchase when submitting a warranty claim. most importantly, don't forget to file the necessary warranty registration form to protect your rights. autohausaz warrants that at the time of shipment the products sold shall be free from defects in material and workmanship.autohaus arizona's maximum liability shall not in any case exceed the purchase price (excluding shipping charges) for the products purchased from autohausaz and claimed to be defective. no labor reimbursement will be granted. autohausaz agrees to furnish a replacement for, but not remove or install any product or component thereof, which, upon test and examination by autohausaz or its authorized agents, proves defective within the warranty period. autohausaz will not be liable for any loss, incidental or consequential damages of any kind, whether based upon warranty, contract or negligence, and arising in connection with the sale, use or repair of the products. this warranty does not under any circumstances extend to any product sold by autohausaz which has been subjected to misuse, neglect, accident, improper installation or use for any purpose other than its intended use. this warranty does not extend to or apply to any unit which has been repaired or altered. requesting a return if you have parts you want to return simply follow our easy return process by selecting the relevant order and then the parts you wish to return. you can begin by selecting the order from the orders page. general return instructions we offer 3 ways to return any items purchased at autohausaz - ups dropoff, self-ship, and autohausaz drop off. ups dropoff option will include a label from autohausaz that you can put on boxed return items to ship back. self-ship is for those who want to ship it themselves. we also offer local customers the option of dropping off items at autohausaz. depending on the return type, any return shipping costs may be deducted from the refund. once we've received your return, conducted an inspection of the returned parts and verified that your return complies with our return policies, a refund for the returned parts will be issued to the same account used to make your original purchase. sorry, we cannot issue credit to an alternate payment method nor to a different credit/debit card than the one used for the original purchase. you will receive a confirmation email from us indicating the amount refunded back to you. please note that credit on your credit card statement may not appear immediately, depending upon the policies of your credit card issuer. free and discounted shipping: we will no longer be charging back freight costs on returned order items causing original order to fall below the free freight threshold. additionally, we've eliminated all restocking fees. international returns: all packages being returned to autohausaz from outside the usa must be marked on the outside of the box as "return of merchandise" to avoid additional taxes, customs/duties and brokerage fees being assessed. any paperwork filled out for shipment should also indicate that it's a return of merchandise previously purchased and the date of the original purchase so there's no confusion that it's a return of merchandise on which customs/duties have already been assessed and paid. any international returns not identified as "returned merchandise" on the outside of the package will be subject to a reduction of credit or chargeback to the customer of any taxes, customs/duties and brokerage fees assessed to autohausaz. because these fees take a few weeks to receive from the various taxing authorities, credit for international returns will be processed 21 days from the date received by autohausaz to allow time for any fees of this nature to be received. new part returns you may request a replacement shipment or a refund of your purchase price (excluding shipping charges) if the part: is returned within 45 days of the original invoice date. is not electrical/electronic in nature (i.e., ecus, push button units, relays, air mass meters, sensors, scan/reset tools, etc.). is not opened if the part is marked with a sticker indicating non-returnable once opened (i.e., gasket sets, repair manuals, etc.). is not a "special order item". does not have a notation in the parts notes/description indicating not returnable (i.e., throttle housings, etc.) since our suppliers do not allow returns on certain types of parts where this notation appears. please review notes carefully during the order process so no misunderstandings occur. has not been installed, used, disassembled or altered in any way. does not have missing parts, hardware or instructions. if part is sold as a set, the complete set must be returned. is returned in the original packaging and is in resalable condition. warranty part returns in general and unless otherwise specified, a part will be replaced or a refund issued (excluding shipping charges) if the part: is returned within 3 years of the original invoice date (unless a different warranty period is specified). has not been subjected to misuse, neglect, accident, improper installation or used for any purpose other than its intended use. wear and tear is specifically excluded from any and all warranty coverage. is approved by manufacturer upon inspection and subject to its guidelines and limitations. is emptied of all fluids (if applicable). has not previously been returned under warranty. is accompanied by a description of the failure/reason for warranty. please review special documentation requirements below provided by our manufacturers for warranty returns - certain types of warranties require additional documentation. documentation requirements: all manufacturers require a complete description of the failure in order for warranty coverage to apply. simply putting "doesn't work" is not acceptable to most manufacturers. please provide a complete description of the failure when you request an ra#. limitations on warranty replacements exist on certain types of parts including but not limited to: a/c compressors: warranty replacement on a/c compressors will only be granted with proof of professional installation (i.e., copy of completed work order from licensed/certified repair shop). further, compressors must be returned fully assembled. if the compressor came to you with a shipping plate, this plate must be attached to the compressor when returned. power steering pumps & rack assemblies: warranty replacement on power steering pumps and rack assemblies will only be granted with proof of professional installation (i.e., copy of completed work order from licensed/certified repair shop). further, they must be returned fully assembled and with shipping plate attached (if applicable). brake pads & rotors: squealing/squeaking of pads and/or warping of rotors are not valid warranty claims unless: all vehicle and brake component manufacturers' installation procedures were followed precisely. the problem began immediately upon installation and problem is reported and parts returned within 1 year of original invoice date. any brake noise or warpage that begins more than 30 days after purchase is the result of driving conditions, driving style or related parts that were not replaced at the same time. brake pads and rotors were replaced at the same time. no blue discoloration is present on brake rotors. blue discoloration on a brake rotor is always the result of extreme heat caused by excessive brake pad-to-brake rotor contact. genuine parts: due to more stringent manufacturers' warranty policies, warranty claims for all genuine brands of original factory equipment must include vin, original install date & mileage at install, as well as date & mileage at warranty failure/replacement. warranty replacement will only be granted with proof of professional installation (i.e., copy of complete work order from a licensed/certified repair shop). these requirements are mandated by the respective dealerships/manufacturers and our outside of our control. remanufactured/coreable items: warranty coverage on remanufactured parts with core charges (i.e., starters, alternators, power steering pumps, etc.) is for replacement only. no refund or return of core unit can be processed after the original core has been returned for credit. uaquzatsydzuuevdequwsbdsrtetwcore deposits & core returns although all of the parts autohausaz sells are new, certain types of auto parts - usually higher priced items - are only available in the industry as "remanufactured" units (i.e., starters, alternators, distributors, etc.). cores are the used parts that may be returned for credit when purchasing a remanufactured part. if a core deposit is shown, this charge will be added to your total at the time of sale but is fully refunded upon the return of your rebuildable original part. credit will be issued for core returns upon receipt, provided cores are: received within 45 days of the original invoice date. no core deposits will be refunded for cores returned more than 45 days after the original invoice date. drained of all fluids (if applicable). packed in original remanufacturer's box (the box the replacement part was originally packed in). no core credit will be issued if not returned in the remanufacturer's box. fully assembled, complete and in rebuildable condition based on manufacturer's inspection guidelines. examples include but are not limited to: a/c compressors that come with shipping plate must have the plate attached to the core when returned. a/c compressor clutch on core unit must be able to turn. power steering pumps or rack assemblies must be returned fully assembled and sufficiently packed to avoid shipping damages. power steering pumps that come with the shipping plate must have the plate attached to the core when returned. brake shoe cores must not be worn down to metal. core return shipping charges: core return shipping charges are always the responsibility of the customer and are not refundable. merchandise lost or damaged in transit for your protection, please inspect your package before signing for it and have the driver make note of any damage. if your order is damaged during shipping, please immediately email the returns dept so we can promptly file a damage claim with the carrier. all original shipping cartons and packing materials must be saved for inspection by the carrier. discarding any of the original shipping/packing material will negate our ability to file a damaged package claim on your behalf with the carrier. replacement orders shipped prior to completion of the carrier's investigation must be paid for in advance. however, upon completion of the investigation, a refund will be promptly issued. if lost parts are found and delivered, a refund will be issued once they are returned to us. if you would rather not pay for a replacement prior to the completion of the investigation, we can delay shipping your no-cost replacement, or issuing a refund, until the investigation is complete (or the parts have been found and returned to us). loading cart... subtotal () cart checkout you currently have no items in your cart. quick part number search enter a part number below to search our catalog. you can use special characters and spaces. vehicle-specific search search for parts specific to your car by category, keyword, repair job and part type. accessories, car care, tools search for accessories, car care, tools not specific to a car. shop accessories, car care, tools can't find what you need? mon-fri 8-4 mst (arizona time) contact us loading cart... sign in new customer? start here welcome, tax exempt enrolled (exp. ) log out manage your orders view, cancel, change or return your orders. change your password change your existing password to a new one. update your profile update information in your profile. manage addresses update and/or remove your stored addresses. manage payment methods update and/or remove your stored payment methods. manage my garage update and/or remove your garaged vehicles. our response to covid-19 searching how to shop for parts ordering on autohausaz.com using your personal shopping cart payment choices placing your order cancel or change your order security & privacy information tax exemption program shipping & returns on autohausaz.com shipping & delivery returns and warranties sales tax outside az order tracking how can we help? mon-fri 8-4 mst (arizona time) contact us loading cart... my parked vehicles (clear all parked vehicles) vehicles temporarily stored from your search history. to be able to store your parked vehicle in mygarage, please log in or register for myautohaus account. shop save no parked vehicles yet. start shopping, and we will automatically save your selected vehicles here. my garaged vehicles (manage your vehicles) vehicles stored in your garage attached to your myautohaus account. shop no garaged vehicles yet. you can save a vehicle from your parked vehicles to your myautohaus garage, and they will be available to you anywhere when you are logged into your account. please log in or create your myautohaus account to view your vehicles. sign in the latest and greatest sign up for sales, coupons, special offers and product information from autohausaz. sign up quick links how to use our site shipping and freight policy how to place an order tech tips car repairs & car care advices careers at autohausaz read what customers say about us company info how to contact us about autohaus security & privacy information customer-friendly returns policy product warranties thawte ev ssl via 256 bit encryption tested daily for pci security and encryption bbb accredited business - a+ rating how can we help? mon-fri 8-4 mst (arizona time) contact us keep up with us © copyright 1998-2020 autohaus arizona, inc. all rights reserved close loading cart... you are all set! you will receive your first newsletter within 1-2 weeks. if you wish to unsubscribe from our newsletter at any time, open one of our newsletter emails , scroll all the way to the bottom and you will see an unsubscribe link. if you have have any questions or concerns, please contact our customer service. sign up for newsletter thank you for choosing to sign up for autohausaz newsletter. please provide additional information below and click the confirm button to finish. email address first name last name close quick part number search enter a part number below to search our catalog. you can use special characters and spaces (i.e. d2045t, 141.43512, 1k0 199 232j). we didn't find any parts for . we found part(s) for . loading cart... oem kit available to order usually ships within 1-2 business days not available temporarily unavailable in stock ships within 1 business day low stock ships within 1 business day reg list +core add to cart can't find what you need? fill out a parts requestuaquzatsydzuuevdequwsbdsrtetw and we'll be happy to locate the parts for you. close