来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20211203003358/https://www2.autohausaz.com/order-information
================================================================================

how to shop for oem & replacement parts | autohausaz skip to content our response to covid-19 ez 3-year parts warranty nationwide warehouses my garage questions? search myautohaus cart hello! log in or register hello, guest! log out shop oem replacement parts shop accessories, car care, tools bmw parts bmw air filter bmw cabin filter bmw brake pads bmw brake rotors bmw engine mount bmw engine oil bmw expansion tank bmw fuel filter bmw hood lift support bmw oil filter bmw radiator hose bmw spark plug bmw transmission filter bmw transmission fluid bmw thermostat bmw valve cover gasket bmw water pump bmw wiper blade shop all bmw parts mercedes parts mercedes air filter mercedes cabin filter mercedes brake pads mercedes brake rotors mercedes engine mount mercedes engine oil mercedes expansion tank mercedes fuel filter mercedes hood lift support mercedes oil filter mercedes radiator hose mercedes spark plug mercedes transmission filter mercedes transmission fluid mercedes thermostat mercedes valve cover gasket mercedes water pump mercedes wiper blade shop all mercedes parts porsche parts porsche air filter porsche cabin filter porsche brake pads porsche brake rotors porsche engine mount porsche engine oil porsche expansion tank porsche fuel filter porsche hood lift support porsche oil filter porsche radiator hose porsche spark plug porsche transmission filter porsche transmission fluid porsche thermostat porsche valve cover gasket porsche water pump porsche wiper blade shop all porsche parts audi parts audi air filter audi cabin filter audi brake pads audi brake rotors audi engine mount audi engine oil audi expansion tank audi fuel filter audi hood lift support audi oil filter audi radiator hose audi spark plug audi transmission filter audi transmission fluid audi thermostat audi valve cover gasket audi water pump audi wiper blade shop all audi parts vw parts vw air filter vw cabin filter vw brake pads vw brake rotors vw engine mount vw engine oil vw expansion tank vw fuel filter vw hood lift support vw oil filter vw radiator hose vw spark plug vw transmission filter vw transmission fluid vw thermostat vw valve cover gasket vw water pump vw wiper blade shop all vw parts volvo parts volvo air filter volvo cabin filter volvo brake pads volvo brake rotors volvo engine mount volvo engine oil volvo expansion tank volvo fuel filter volvo hood lift support volvo oil filter volvo radiator hose volvo spark plug volvo transmission filter volvo transmission fluid volvo thermostat volvo valve cover gasket volvo water pump volvo wiper blade shop all volvo parts saab parts saab air filter saab cabin filter saab brake pads saab brake rotors saab engine mount saab engine oil saab expansion tank saab fuel filter saab hood lift support saab oil filter saab radiator hose saab spark plug saab transmission filter saab transmission fluid saab thermostat saab valve cover gasket saab water pump saab wiper blade shop all saab parts how to shop for oem & replacement parts you can access the autohausaz online catalog either in the main area of our site or within the secure "my autohaus" menu. to browse our catalog, just click here to shop for parts. or you can use the personalized interface provided to you in my autohaus. for questions on how to order parts from autohausaz at savings of 20%-90%, see the order help menu below. feel free to email the order dept if your questions aren't answered here. note: in order to store your car and maintenance preferences and process your orders in a secure area, you will need to be logged into my autohaus. how to use your personal shopping cart your personal shopping cart has been designed to afford you maximum time savings and flexibility. you can use it not only when placing orders from the online catalog or from stored quotes but also as a place to store parts you've found through your online searches that you want to come back to at a later time. you can add parts to your personal shopping cart as you find them in the online catalog by entering a quantity and clicking the "add to shopping cart" button. you can also add one or several items from custom quotes by viewing the quote, entering a quantity for each part you wish to save in your cart and clicking the "add to shopping cart" button. in either case, you can always come back to your cart later to change quantities, add/delete items or process your cart into a secure online order. your shopping cart displays all items and the total for the items/quantities selected. any item you add to your cart will be saved automatically as long as you are logged into your account. to delete an item, just click the "remove" link below the quantity box. to process your cart into an order, see how to place your order (below). note: no items in your shopping cart will be processed as an order until you elect to do so by following the order processing prompts from the "view cart" page. how to place your order online: ordering online from autohausaz is always fast, easy and completely secure. and, you can rest easy knowing that all pages use the highest industry standard for identity authentication using secure socket layer (ssl) with extended validation and up to 256-bit encryption for maximum privacy and security. you begin the order placement process by viewing your personal shopping cart. make sure to double-check that items selected/part numbers and quantities are correct. to remove an item from your cart, just click the "remove" link below the quantity box. your revised order will automatically update to reflect the deletion. to start processing, click "proceed to secure checkout" to bring up "my shipping/billing information" (if you're not yet logged in, you'll be asked to do so at this point). note: you may abort your order at any stage until you click on "submit my order" on the order review screen; hence, feel free to experiment with your shopping cart to view the various steps. at the shipping info screen, you'll be presented with your default account information, including your shipping address (if you've previously stored this in your profile). you will also have the opportunity to add/change address information. please note that ups does not deliver to post office boxes; please provide a street address for delivery. select the method of shipping you need and use the special instructions box to communicate any special requests, handling or questions you may have. see our shipping policy for points to consider when selecting your shipping method. click the proceed button to bring up your payment options. if you've purchased from autohausaz before, basic (non-sensitive) credit card information will automatically appear. you may select from several payment choices: american express, discover, mastercard, visa, paypal or bill me later. once you've selected your payment choice, the order review screen will display, providing you with a summary of your order. after reviewing order information, clicking "submit my order" will finalize your order. a charge to your credit card will not be made until your order is processed; however a pre-authorization (pending transaction) may appear. we encourage you to print out and carefully review the temporary receipt that displays to screen once you've finalized your order. an email will also be sent as confirmation of your order details. if you find any errors you would like to correct or changes to be made, please follow the instructions below for making changes to your order. telephone: although we highly recommend you use the online shopping cart for the fastest service, you can place your order via telephone by calling customer service at (800) 240-4620. because our friendly customer service representatives (csrs) process hundreds of orders each day, you may be asked to leave a message if all lines are busy. email: please don't email your order. since this is not a secure method for transmitting payment information, we do not accept orders via this method. whatever method you use to transmit your order, please be sure to provide your full name and member number (if known) to speed the processing of your auto parts order. please don't forget to include a daytime phone number and a valid email address so we can contact you in case of any questions. how to cancel or change your order to ensure the best quality of service, please double check your order(s) before submitting. changes and cancellations are only possible in the following limited situations: paypal orders are not eligible for changes and can only be canceled while they have the "pending" status. non-paypal orders can be changed and/or canceled while they have the "pending" status. once an order has entered the processing phase, it is not longer eligible for change or cancellation. to request cancellation of or changes in an pending order, just select the appropriate option (change order or cancel order) from the "my autohaus" drop-down menu. you will be presented with a list of your orders from which to select. each order will have a drop-down menu of options available to you for that order based on its processing status. please contact us as quickly as possible because your window of opportunity for canceling or making changes can sometimes be very short since we ship most orders within hours of your placing them. once your order is processing, it's no longer possible to cancel it. your option then is to request a "return authorization number" to initiate a return. please refer to our customer-friendly returns policy for complete instructions. sales due to ongoing changes to economic nexus requirements, autohausaz collects and remits sales tax within any state it is required to do so. your payment choices all prices are quoted and billed in us dollars. you have the option of paying for your auto parts orders via american express, discover/novus, mastercard, visa, paypal or bill me later. regardless of the payment method selected, you can rest assured that we transfer all of your personal information, including name, address and any credit card information (if applicable) over a secure socket layer (ssl) with 256-bit encryption and extended validation. this ensures that your information cannot be read by others as it travels over the internet. note: all international orders and orders billed to an international credit card must be shipped to the credit card billing address for purposes of security verification. tracking your order once your order has shipped, a tracking number is assigned by the freight carrier. you will receive an order shipment confirmation via email, which will contain your tracking number. you can also quickly view your tracking information for your order by selecting it from the orders page. clicking the tracking number will lead you to the tracking status to find out where your parts are and when they are due to arrive at your location (if pop-ups are disabled, it may not be properly redirected to shipper website). note: it usually takes shipping carriers 12-24 hours before the tracking number is "operational" since it requires a physical scan of your package as it progresses through the system. if your tracking number doesn't work on the first try, please try it again in 12 hours (sorry, they're not as fast as we are!) the latest and greatest sign up for sales, coupons, special offers and product information from autohausaz. sign up quick links how to use our site shipping and freight policy how to place an order tech tips car repairs & car care advices careers at autohausaz brands we carry read what customers say about us company info how to contact us about autohaus security & privacy information customer-friendly returns policy product warranties accessibility keep up with us how can we help? online support hours: mon-fri 7-5 mst (arizona time) phone support hours: mon-fri 10-3 mst (arizona time) contact us © copyright 1998-2022 autohaus arizona, inc. all rights reserved. close loading cart... you are all set! you will receive your first newsletter within 1-2 weeks. if you wish to unsubscribe from our newsletter at any time, open one of our newsletter emails , scroll all the way to the bottom and you will see an unsubscribe link. if you have have any questions or concerns, please contact our customer service. sign up for newsletter thank you for choosing to sign up for autohausaz newsletter. please provide additional information below and click the confirm button to finish. email address first name last name close quick part number search enter a part number below to search our catalog. you can use special characters and spaces (i.e. d2045t, 141.43512, 1k0 199 232j). we didn't find any parts for . we found part(s) for . loading cart... oem kit free shipping available to order usually ships within 1-2 business days. availability is not guaranteed. may delay shipment of your order by up to business days. availability is not guaranteed. available to order usually ships within 1-2 business days. availability is not guaranteed. not available temporarily unavailable in stock leaves warehouse within 1-2 business days. low stock leaves warehouse within 1-2 business days, if still available when processed. reg list +core add to cart can't find what you need? fill out a parts request and we'll be happy to locate the parts for you. close