来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20221231064644/https://www.autohausaz.com/returns-warranties
================================================================================

customer friendly returns policy & information | autohausaz skip to content save with our "inhaus" brand ez 3-year parts warranty nationwide warehouses my garage questions? search myautohaus cart hello! log in or register hello, guest! log out shop oemreplacement parts shop accessories,car care, tools bmwparts bmw air filter bmw alternator bmw batteries bmw brake calipers bmw brake pads bmw brake rotors bmw control arm bmw coolant bmw emblem bmw engine oil bmw floor mats bmw fuel injectors bmw fuel pump bmw grille bmw head gasket bmw headlights bmw ignition coil bmw oil filter bmw radiator bmw spark plug bmw starter bmw tail lights bmw thermostat bmw transmission fluid bmw valve cover gasket bmw water pump bmw wiper blade shop all bmw parts mercedesparts mercedes abs speed sensor mercedes ac compressor mercedes air filter mercedes alternator mercedes batteries mercedes brake calipers mercedes brake pads mercedes brake rotors mercedes catalytic converter mercedes coolant mercedes emblem mercedes engine oil mercedes expansion tank mercedes fan clutch mercedes floor mats mercedes fuel filter mercedes fuel injectors mercedes fuel pump mercedes grille mercedes headlights mercedes oil filter mercedes radiator mercedes spark plug mercedes tail lights mercedes transmission fluid mercedes water pump mercedes wiper blade shop all mercedes parts volvoparts volvo ac compressor volvo air filter volvo alternator volvo batteries volvo brake pads volvo brake rotors volvo catalytic converter volvo coolant volvo emblem volvo engine mount volvo engine oil volvo floor mats volvo fuel filter volvo fuel pump volvo grille volvo headlights volvo oil filter volvo power steering pump volvo radiator volvo spark plug volvo starter volvo tail lights volvo thermostat volvo timing belt volvo transmission fluid volvo water pump volvo wiper blade shop all volvo parts porscheparts porsche air filter porsche alternator porsche batteries porsche brake calipers porsche brake pad sensors porsche brake pads porsche brake rotors porsche cabin filter porsche camshaft porsche catalytic converter porsche coolant porsche emblem porsche engine oil porsche floor mats porsche fuel filter porsche grille porsche headlights porsche ignition switch porsche oil filter porsche radiator porsche spark plug porsche tail lights porsche thermostat porsche timing belt porsche transmission fluid porsche water pump porsche wiper blade shop all porsche parts audiparts audi ac compressor audi ac condenser audi air filter audi alternator audi batteries audi brake calipers audi brake pads audi brake rotors audi catalytic converter audi coolant audi emblem audi engine oil audi floor mats audi fuel filter audi fuel pump audi grille audi headlights audi oil filter audi radiator audi spark plug audi tail lights audi timing belt audi timing chain audi transmission fluid audi valve cover gasket audi water pump audi wiper blade shop all audi parts vwparts vw air filter vw alternator vw batteries vw brake pads vw brake rotors vw catalytic converter vw coolant vw emblem vw engine oil vw floor mats vw fuel filter vw fuel pump vw headlights vw hood lift support vw ignition coil vw oil cooler vw oil filter vw radiator vw spark plug vw starter vw tail lights vw timing belt vw transmission filter vw transmission fluid vw voltage regulator vw water pump vw wiper blade shop all vw parts saabparts saab air filter saab alternator saab batteries saab brake pads saab brake rotors saab coolant saab emblem saab engine mount saab engine oil saab expansion tank saab floor mats saab fuel filter saab fuel pump relay saab grille saab headlights saab ignition switch saab oil filter saab radiator saab spark plug saab steering rack saab tail lights saab thermostat saab timing chain saab transmission fluid saab water pump saab wheel bearings saab wiper blade shop all saab parts land roverparts land rover ac compressor land rover air filter land rover alternator land rover batteries land rover brake pads land rover brake rotors land rover cabin filter land rover coolant land rover emblem land rover engine oil land rover floor mats land rover fuel filter land rover headlights land rover mass air flow sensor land rover o2 sensor land rover oil cooler land rover oil filter land rover oil pump land rover radiator land rover radiator hoses land rover spark plug land rover tail lights land rover thermostat land rover transmission fluid land rover water pump land rover wheel bearings land rover wiper blade shop all land rover parts sprinterparts sprinter ac compressor sprinter air filter sprinter brake disc sprinter brake pads sprinter cabin filter sprinter control arm sprinter engine mount sprinter fuel injector sprinter fuel filter sprinter headlight assembly sprinter oil filter sprinter oxygen sensor sprinter radiator sprinter transmission filter sprinter tail light assembly sprinter water pump sprinter window regulator sprinter wiper blade shop all mercedes sprinter parts autohausaz returns and warranties new part return 30 days* part replacement or refund of your purchase price details warranty part return 3 years part replacement or refund of your purchase price details core return 1 year refund of your core deposit upon core receipt details * policy change notificationstarting oct 7th, 2020, a "new" part return has to be requested within 30 days of order placement. a part from order placed prior to october 7th, 2020 is still eligible to be returned as "new" within 45 days of order placement. please consult our "new" part return policy guidelines below to make sure your part is eligible for a return. product warranties all parts are covered by their respective manufacturer's warranties. although most warranties are for 3 years, some manufacturers offer even longer coverage. most parts manufacturers specify their warranty policies on product insert sheets so read this information carefully when you receive your parts and check for any limitations that may apply. most manufacturers extend the warranty only to the original purchaser of the part and require proof of purchase when submitting a warranty claim. most importantly, don't forget to file the necessary warranty registration form to protect your rights. autohausaz warrants that at the time of shipment the products sold shall be free from defects in material and workmanship.autohaus arizona's maximum liability shall not in any case exceed the purchase price (excluding shipping charges) for the products purchased from autohausaz and claimed to be defective. no labor reimbursement will be granted. autohausaz agrees to furnish a replacement for, but not remove or install any product or component thereof, which, upon test and examination by autohausaz or its authorized agents, proves defective within the warranty period. autohausaz will not be liable for any loss, incidental or consequential damages of any kind, whether based upon warranty, contract or negligence, and arising in connection with the sale, use or repair of the products. this warranty does not under any circumstances extend to any product sold by autohausaz which has been subjected to misuse, neglect, accident, improper installation or use for any purpose other than its intended use. this warranty does not extend to or apply to any unit which has been repaired or altered. requesting a return if you have parts you want to return simply follow our easy return process by selecting the relevant order and then the parts you wish to return. you can begin by selecting the order from the orders page. general return instructions we offer 3 ways to return any items purchased at autohausaz - fedex dropoff, self-ship, and autohausaz drop off. fedex dropoff option will include a label from autohausaz that you can put on boxed return items to ship back. self-ship is for those who want to ship it themselves. we also offer local customers the option of dropping off items at autohausaz. depending on the return type, any return shipping costs may be deducted from the refund. once we've received your return, conducted an inspection of the returned parts and verified that your return complies with our return policies, a refund for the returned parts will be issued to the same account used to make your original purchase. sorry, we cannot issue credit to an alternate payment method nor to a different credit/debit card than the one used for the original purchase. you will receive a confirmation email from us indicating the amount refunded back to you. please note that credit on your credit card statement may not appear immediately, depending upon the policies of your credit card issuer. free and discounted shipping: we offer free shipping on returns that are autohausaz errors and offer discounted rates for those that do not qualify for free shipping. additionally, we've eliminated all restocking fees. international returns: all packages being returned to autohausaz from outside the usa must be marked on the outside of the box as "return of merchandise" to avoid additional taxes, customs/duties and brokerage fees being assessed. any paperwork filled out for shipment should also indicate that it's a return of merchandise previously purchased and the date of the original purchase so there's no confusion that it's a return of merchandise on which customs/duties have already been assessed and paid. any international returns not identified as "returned merchandise" on the outside of the package will be subject to a reduction of credit or chargeback to the customer of any taxes, customs/duties and brokerage fees assessed to autohausaz. because these fees take a few weeks to receive from the various taxing authorities, credit for international returns will be processed 21 days from the date received by autohausaz to allow time for any fees of this nature to be received. new part returns you may request a replacement shipment or a refund of your purchase price (excluding shipping charges) if the part: is returned within 30 days of the original invoice date. is not electrical/electronic in nature (i.e., ecus, push button units, relays, air mass meters, sensors, scan/reset tools, etc.). is not opened if the part is marked with a sticker indicating non-returnable once opened (i.e., gasket sets, repair manuals, etc.). is not a "special order item". does not have a notation in the parts notes/description indicating not returnable (i.e., throttle housings, etc.) since our suppliers do not allow returns on certain types of parts where this notation appears. please review notes carefully during the order process so no misunderstandings occur. has not been installed, used, disassembled or altered in any way. does not have missing parts, hardware or instructions. if part is sold as a set, the complete set must be returned. is returned in the original packaging and is in resalable condition. warranty part returns in general and unless otherwise specified, a part will be replaced or a refund issued (excluding shipping charges) if the part: is returned within 3 years of the original invoice date (unless a different warranty period is specified). has not been subjected to misuse, neglect, accident, improper installation or used for any purpose other than its intended use. wear and tear is specifically excluded from any and all warranty coverage. is approved by manufacturer upon inspection and subject to its guidelines and limitations. is emptied of all fluids (if applicable). has not previously been returned under warranty. is accompanied by a description of the failure/reason for warranty. please review special documentation requirements below provided by our manufacturers for warranty returns - certain types of warranties require additional documentation. documentation requirements: all manufacturers require a complete description of the failure in order for warranty coverage to apply. simply putting "doesn't work" is not acceptable to most manufacturers. please provide a complete description of the failure when you request an ra#. limitations on warranty replacements exist on certain types of parts including but not limited to: a/c compressors: warranty replacement on a/c compressors will only be granted with proof of professional installation (i.e., copy of completed work order from licensed/certified repair shop). further, compressors must be returned fully assembled. if the compressor came to you with a shipping plate, this plate must be attached to the compressor when returned. power steering pumps & rack assemblies: warranty replacement on power steering pumps and rack assemblies will only be granted with proof of professional installation (i.e., copy of completed work order from licensed/certified repair shop). further, they must be returned fully assembled and with shipping plate attached (if applicable). brake pads & rotors: squealing/squeaking of pads and/or warping of rotors are not valid warranty claims unless: all vehicle and brake component manufacturers' installation procedures were followed precisely. the problem began immediately upon installation and problem is reported and parts returned within 1 year of original invoice date. any brake noise or warpage that begins more than 30 days after purchase is the result of driving conditions, driving style or related parts that were not replaced at the same time. brake pads and rotors were replaced at the same time. no blue discoloration is present on brake rotors. blue discoloration on a brake rotor is always the result of extreme heat caused by excessive brake pad-to-brake rotor contact. genuine parts: due to more stringent manufacturers' warranty policies, warranty claims for all genuine brands of original factory equipment must include vin, original install date & mileage at install, as well as date & mileage at warranty failure/replacement. warranty replacement will only be granted with proof of professional installation (i.e., copy of complete work order from a licensed/certified repair shop). these requirements are mandated by the respective dealerships/manufacturers and our outside of our control. remanufactured/coreable items: warranty coverage on remanufactured parts with core charges (i.e., starters, alternators, power steering pumps, etc.) is for replacement only. no refund or return of core unit can be processed after the original core has been returned for credit. core deposits & core returns although all of the parts autohausaz sells are new, certain types of auto parts - usually higher priced items - are only available in the industry as "remanufactured" units (i.e., starters, alternators, distributors, etc.). cores are the used parts that may be returned for credit when purchasing a remanufactured part. if a core deposit is shown, this charge will be added to your total at the time of sale but is fully refunded upon the return of your rebuildable original part. credit will be issued for core returns upon receipt, provided cores are: received within 1 year of the original invoice date. no core deposits will be refunded for cores returned more than 1 year after the original invoice date. drained of all fluids (if applicable). packed in original remanufacturer's box (the box the replacement part was originally packed in). no core credit will be issued if not returned in the remanufacturer's box. fully assembled, complete and in rebuildable condition based on manufacturer's inspection guidelines. examples include but are not limited to: a/c compressors that come with shipping plate must have the plate attached to the core when returned. a/c compressor clutch on core unit must be able to turn. power steering pumps or rack assemblies must be returned fully assembled and sufficiently packed to avoid shipping damages. power steering pumps that come with the shipping plate must have the plate attached to the core when returned. brake shoe cores must not be worn down to metal. core return shipping charges: core return shipping charges are always the responsibility of the customer and are not refundable. merchandise lost or damaged in transit for your protection, please inspect your package before signing for it and have the driver make note of any damage. if your order is damaged during shipping, please immediately email the returns dept so we can promptly file a damage claim with the carrier. all original shipping cartons and packing materials must be saved for inspection by the carrier. discarding any of the original shipping/packing material will negate our ability to file a damaged package claim on your behalf with the carrier. replacement orders shipped prior to completion of the carrier's investigation must be paid for in advance. however, upon completion of the investigation, a refund will be promptly issued. if lost parts are found and delivered, a refund will be issued once they are returned to us. if you would rather not pay for a replacement prior to the completion of the investigation, we can delay shipping your no-cost replacement, or issuing a refund, until the investigation is complete (or the parts have been found and returned to us). the latest and greatest sign up for sales, coupons, special offers and product information from autohausaz. sign up quick links how to use our site shipping and freight policy how to place an order tech tips car repairs & car care advices careers at autohausaz brands we carry read what customers say about us company info how to contact us about autohaus security & privacy information customer-friendly returns policy product warranties accessibility sitemap keep up with us how can we help? ticket support hours: mon-fri 8-4 mst (arizona time) chat support hours: mon-fri 9-3 mst (arizona time) phone support hours (request a callback): mon-fri 8-4 mst (arizona time) our headquarters address: 4100 s 38th st ste 150 phoenix, az 85040 no in-store shopping / no local pickup returns drop-off: mon-fri 8-4 mst (arizona time) contact us © copyright 1998-2023 autohaus arizona, inc. all rights reserved. close processing request... you are all set! you will receive your first newsletter within 1-2 weeks. if you wish to unsubscribe from our newsletter at any time, open one of our newsletter emails , scroll all the way to the bottom and you will see an unsubscribe link. if you have any questions or concerns, please contact our customer service. if you are a new customer and this is your first time signing up for the newsletter, please check your email for your coupon code. you will receive your first newsletter within 1-2 weeks. if you wish to unsubscribe from our newsletter at any time, open one of our newsletter emails, scroll all the way to the bottom and you will see an unsubscribe link. if you have any questions or concerns, please contact our customer service. you will receive your first newsletter within 1-2 weeks. if you wish to unsubscribe from our newsletter at any time, open one of our newsletter emails , scroll all the way to the bottom and you will see an unsubscribe link. if you have any questions or concerns, please contact our customer service. sign up for newsletter thank you for choosing to sign up for autohausaz newsletter. you will receive your first newsletter within 1-2 weeks. if you wish to unsubscribe from our newsletter at any time, open one of our newsletter emails , scroll all the way to the bottom and you will see an unsubscribe link. please provide additional information below and click the confirm button to finish. save 10% on your order, today! sign up to receive special offers for our autohausaz insiders only. your coupon will be emailed immediately after you sign up. unsubscribe any time, only valid for new customers. code expires in 5 days. sign up for newsletter thank you for choosing to sign up for autohausaz newsletter. you will receive your first newsletter within 1-2 weeks. if you wish to unsubscribe from our newsletter at any time, open one of our newsletter emails , scroll all the way to the bottom and you will see an unsubscribe link. please provide additional information below and click the confirm button to finish. email address first name last name close quick part number search enter a part number below to search our catalog. you can use special characters and spaces (i.e. d2045t, 141.43512, 1k0 199 232j). we didn't find any parts for . we found part(s) for . loading cart... oem kit free shipping available to order usually ships within 1-2 business days. availability is not guaranteed. may delay shipment of your order by up to business days. availability is not guaranteed. available to order usually ships within 1-2 business days. availability is not guaranteed. not available temporarily unavailable in stock leaves warehouse within 1-2 business days. low stock leaves warehouse within 1-2 business days, if still available when processed. reg list +core add to cart can't find what you need? fill out a parts request and we'll be happy to locate the parts for you. close