来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20231225210137/https://www.autohausaz.com/privacy
================================================================================

privacy & security policy | information collection & usage | autohausaz skip to content aaz preferred plus lifetime warranty 50,000+ skus ship free nationwide warehouses my garage questions? myautohaus cart shop oemreplacement parts shop accessories,car care, tools bmwparts bmw air filter bmw alternator bmw batteries bmw brake calipers bmw brake pads bmw brake rotors bmw control arm bmw coolant bmw emblem bmw engine oil bmw floor mats bmw fuel injectors bmw fuel pump bmw grille bmw head gasket bmw headlights bmw ignition coil bmw oil filter bmw radiator bmw spark plug bmw starter bmw tail lights bmw thermostat bmw transmission fluid bmw valve cover gasket bmw water pump bmw wiper blade shop all bmw parts mercedesparts mercedes abs speed sensor mercedes ac compressor mercedes air filter mercedes alternator mercedes batteries mercedes brake calipers mercedes brake pads mercedes brake rotors mercedes catalytic converter mercedes coolant mercedes emblem mercedes engine oil mercedes expansion tank mercedes fan clutch mercedes floor mats mercedes fuel filter mercedes fuel injectors mercedes fuel pump mercedes grille mercedes headlights mercedes oil filter mercedes radiator mercedes spark plug mercedes tail lights mercedes transmission fluid mercedes water pump mercedes wiper blade shop all mercedes parts volvoparts volvo ac compressor volvo air filter volvo alternator volvo batteries volvo brake pads volvo brake rotors volvo catalytic converter volvo coolant volvo emblem volvo engine mount volvo engine oil volvo floor mats volvo fuel filter volvo fuel pump volvo grille volvo headlights volvo oil filter volvo power steering pump volvo radiator volvo spark plug volvo starter volvo tail lights volvo thermostat volvo timing belt volvo transmission fluid volvo water pump volvo wiper blade shop all volvo parts porscheparts porsche air filter porsche alternator porsche batteries porsche brake calipers porsche brake pad sensors porsche brake pads porsche brake rotors porsche cabin filter porsche camshaft porsche catalytic converter porsche coolant porsche emblem porsche engine oil porsche floor mats porsche fuel filter porsche grille porsche headlights porsche ignition switch porsche oil filter porsche radiator porsche spark plug porsche tail lights porsche thermostat porsche timing belt porsche transmission fluid porsche water pump porsche wiper blade shop all porsche parts audiparts audi ac compressor audi ac condenser audi air filter audi alternator audi batteries audi brake calipers audi brake pads audi brake rotors audi catalytic converter audi coolant audi emblem audi engine oil audi floor mats audi fuel filter audi fuel pump audi grille audi headlights audi oil filter audi radiator audi spark plug audi tail lights audi timing belt audi timing chain audi transmission fluid audi valve cover gasket audi water pump audi wiper blade shop all audi parts vwparts vw air filter vw alternator vw batteries vw brake pads vw brake rotors vw catalytic converter vw coolant vw emblem vw engine oil vw floor mats vw fuel filter vw fuel pump vw headlights vw hood lift support vw ignition coil vw oil cooler vw oil filter vw radiator vw spark plug vw starter vw tail lights vw timing belt vw transmission filter vw transmission fluid vw voltage regulator vw water pump vw wiper blade shop all vw parts saabparts saab air filter saab alternator saab batteries saab brake pads saab brake rotors saab coolant saab emblem saab engine mount saab engine oil saab expansion tank saab floor mats saab fuel filter saab fuel pump relay saab grille saab headlights saab ignition switch saab oil filter saab radiator saab spark plug saab steering rack saab tail lights saab thermostat saab timing chain saab transmission fluid saab water pump saab wheel bearings saab wiper blade shop all saab parts land roverparts land rover ac compressor land rover air filter land rover alternator land rover batteries land rover brake pads land rover brake rotors land rover cabin filter land rover coolant land rover emblem land rover engine oil land rover floor mats land rover fuel filter land rover headlights land rover mass air flow sensor land rover o2 sensor land rover oil cooler land rover oil filter land rover oil pump land rover radiator land rover radiator hoses land rover spark plug land rover tail lights land rover thermostat land rover transmission fluid land rover water pump land rover wheel bearings land rover wiper blade shop all land rover parts sprinterparts sprinter ac compressor sprinter air filter sprinter brake disc sprinter brake pads sprinter cabin filter sprinter control arm sprinter engine mount sprinter fuel injector sprinter fuel filter sprinter headlight assembly sprinter oil filter sprinter oxygen sensor sprinter radiator sprinter transmission filter sprinter tail light assembly sprinter water pump sprinter window regulator sprinter wiper blade shop all mercedes sprinter parts autohausaz privacy & security policy your privacy and security are highly respected and carefully safeguarded at autohausaz. we value our relationship with you and appreciate the trust you put in us by providing requested information. we know how scary it can be to give information over the internet. you can be rest assured that autohausaz is firmly committed to protecting the privacy and security of all your communications with us. we do not provide any personal identifying information, regardless of its source, to any third party for any purpose other than as described in this privacy policy. any information you provide in your secure member profile or during the process of submitting a parts request or order is used only to improve our service to you. information collection and use autohausaz.com is the sole owner of information collected on this site. we will not sell, share, or rent this information to any outside parties, except as outlined in this policy. we collect information from our customers to prepare parts quotes, process orders and better serve you with pertinent information, such as order confirmations and order status updates. information collected may include your name, shipping address, billing address, telephone number(s), email address and payment information. please be sure to enable email from autohausaz.com email addresses so you are able to receive confirmations of your orders and responses to any questions you send to us. we require you to submit an email address and password for logging into your secure member area. to safeguard your login information, we ask that you select a security question and answer. do not share your login information or security information with anyone. if you elect to receive our newsletter/special promotions emails, your contact information will be used for the delivery of these items. your member profile asks you only for very basic contact information. this contact information is used to respond to your requests and to uniquely identify you, your preferences and your cars. you are encouraged to keep your information up-to-date via the links on the "my autohaus" and "car care" drop-down menus. this will save you time on all your future requests and orders. car information is used only for the purpose of locating the correct part numbers for any custom quote requests and to verify the accuracy of your orders to ensure you receive the right parts for your car. you may update your vehicle information on the edit saved vehicles link on the car care drop-down menu. opt-in/opt-out choice autohausaz does not do any mass/junk emailings. your email address is strictly used to respond to your requests and send you information on periodic specials or news. you may elect to opt-in or opt-out of periodic emailings from autohausaz by emailing or calling to let us know your personal preferences. or you can update your preferences by selecting update personal profile from the my autohaus drop-down menu. security autohausaz takes precautions to protect its customers' information. when you submit sensitive information to us, your information is protected both online and offline. our site provides you with the highest available technology for ensuring maximum security in data transmittal by using extended validation ssl (secure socket layer) and 256-bit encrypted security for all activity when you're logged into my autohaus (including updating profile data, placing and tracking orders, etc.). contact information (like your email address, phone number, shipping address) and credit card information is used only for the purpose of processing and shipping your auto parts orders. the most sensitive portion of your credit card information, the 3-digit cvv code, is never stored in our system and must be re-entered each time you place an order. in addition to the highest encryption technology, autohausaz contracts with an outside party, mcafee secure (formerly hackersafe), to test our website daily to ensure all confidential information is safe from hackers and that autohausaz meets all current pci security payment card industry standards. mcafee secure helps protect you from identity theft and credit card fraud. the live mcafee secure mark appears only when a website meets the mcafee secure standards. we further stand behind our commitment to your privacy and security by complying with all bbbonline reliability and accreditation program requirements for integrity, dependability and customer service response. access to all of our users' information is restricted. autohausaz.com operates in a secure facility that requires all employees to be bound by strict confidentiality agreements. only employees who need the information to perform a specific job are granted access to personally identifiable information. all autohausaz.com servers, including web servers, mail servers and database servers, are housed and maintained in secure locations that utilize multi-tiered security measures to ensure the physical security of your data, including 24/7/365 professional security, video surveillance, biometric retinal scanning and man-trap entry points. access to autohausaz.com servers and database is strictly monitored and protected from outside access. internet access is restricted and protected by real time scans for viruses, continuous scans of all servers, as well as multiple firewalls and other security features throughout our network. we restrict common ports of attack at our firewall, as well as employ a number of systems that watch for malicious activity. our hosting company also utilizes a third party to run security and vulnerability audits, including but not limited to port scans, server configuration audits and other security and vulnerability checks that help ensure that our servers are as secure as possible. all employees are kept up-to-date on our security and privacy practices and are continually notified and reminded about the importance of privacy and what they can do to ensure that customers' information remains protected at all times. cookies we customize certain web page content based upon browser types and other information provided by our cookie. if you choose to reject the cookie, you can still browse our store but will be unable to use the shopping cart to buy merchandise. the autohausaz shopping cart cannot function properly without cookies enabled so that the necessary information to process your order and provide the necessary safeguards is transmitted to us. if you disable cookies, autohausaz.com will be unable to accept your online order. we will not share any personally identifiable information provided by this cookie with any third party. this privacy statement covers the use of cookies by autohausaz.com only and does not cover the use of cookies by any other party. sharing of information we may employ third party companies to perform functions on our behalf. these functions may include quoting freight charges, package delivery, marketing assistance, order fulfillment, postal and email delivery, data analyses and credit processing. the third parties we contract for these purposes have limited access to your personal information and may not use it for other purposes. extreme care and discretion is exercised when evaluating third party sites. we only brand third party sites if their organization applies stringent security and privacy practices that parallel our own commitment to safe online shopping. we reserve the right to disclose your personally identifiable information as required by law and when we believe that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights and/or comply with a judicial proceeding, court order, or legal process served on our website. we may collect and possibly share personally identifiable information and any other information available to us in order to investigate, prevent or take action regarding illegal activities, suspected fraud, situations involving potential threats to the physical safety of any person or as otherwise required by law. customer reviews the customer reviews section of the autohausaz.com website is for the purpose of sharing customer experiences. this section is moderated to ensure accurate testimonials. published reviews are genuine and are not edited or altered by autohausaz. autohausaz reserves the right to post or remove any testimonial at its discretion. by posting your comment(s) or testimonial(s) ("testimonial") on our website, you give us permission to reprint or use the testimonial in connection with our business. you also are agreeing to the following: (1) the reprint or use of the testimonial will be at our discretion and without compensation; 2) we may use the testimonial with or without any pseudo (pen) name credit; 3) our right to use the testimonial is perpetual and may be assigned by us; 4) we may use the testimonial locally, nationally or globally and such use may be made in any media, information or communication platform (including internet advertising) currently in use or later developed; and 5) you and not someone else composed and posted the testimonial. other than your pseudo (pen) name and your general geographic location (city or state or country), which we may or may not use, your personal contact information will not be disclosed in connection with our reprint or use of your testimonial. children autohausaz.com does not sell products for purchase by children. youth-oriented products are sold for purchase by adults only. if you are under the age of 18, you may only use autohausaz.com in the presence of a consenting parent or guardian. we will not knowingly or intentionally collect personal information via the internet from children under the age of 13. autohausaz.com is committed to protecting the welfare and privacy of children. external links this website contains links to other sites. autohausaz is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such websites. we encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site and to read the privacy statements of each and every website that collects personally identifiable information. this privacy statement applies only to information collected directly by autohausaz.com. notification of changes if we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes to this privacy statement, the home page and/or other places we deem appropriate so that you are aware of what information we collect, how we use it and under what circumstances, if any, we disclose it. we reserve the right to modify this privacy statement at any time, so please review it frequently. if we make material changes to this policy, we will notify you here, by email or by means of a notice on our home page. latest update the privacy policy contained herein became officially effective january 1, 2002. it was last reviewed/updated on august 28, 2018. the latest and greatest sign up for sales, coupons, special offers and product information from autohausaz. sign up quick links how to use our site shipping and freight policy how to place an order tech tips car repairs & car care advices careers at autohausaz brands we carry read what customers say about us company info how to contact us about autohaus security & privacy information customer-friendly returns policy product warranties accessibility sitemap keep up with us how can we help? ticket support hours: mon-fri 8-4 mst (arizona time) chat support hours: mon-fri 9-3 mst (arizona time) phone support hours (request a callback): mon-fri 8-4 mst (arizona time) our headquarters address: 4100 s 38th st ste 150 phoenix, az 85040 no in-store shopping / no local pickup returns drop-off: mon-fri 8-4 mst (arizona time) contact us © copyright 1998-2024 autohaus arizona, inc. all rights reserved. close processing request... you are all set! you will receive your first newsletter within 1-2 weeks. if you wish to unsubscribe from our newsletter at any time, open one of our newsletter emails , scroll all the way to the bottom and you will see an unsubscribe link. if you have any questions or concerns, please contact our customer service. if you are a new customer and this is your first time signing up for the newsletter, please check your email for your coupon code. you will receive your first newsletter within 1-2 weeks. if you wish to unsubscribe from our newsletter at any time, open one of our newsletter emails, scroll all the way to the bottom and you will see an unsubscribe link. if you have any questions or concerns, please contact our customer service. you will receive your first newsletter within 1-2 weeks. if you wish to unsubscribe from our newsletter at any time, open one of our newsletter emails , scroll all the way to the bottom and you will see an unsubscribe link. if you have any questions or concerns, please contact our customer service. sign up for newsletter thank you for choosing to sign up for autohausaz newsletter. you will receive your first newsletter within 1-2 weeks. if you wish to unsubscribe from our newsletter at any time, open one of our newsletter emails , scroll all the way to the bottom and you will see an unsubscribe link. please provide additional information below and click the confirm button to finish. save 10% on your order, today! sign up to receive special offers for our autohausaz insiders only. your coupon will be emailed immediately after you sign up. unsubscribe any time, only valid for new customers. code expires in 5 days. sign up for newsletter thank you for choosing to sign up for autohausaz newsletter. you will receive your first newsletter within 1-2 weeks. if you wish to unsubscribe from our newsletter at any time, open one of our newsletter emails , scroll all the way to the bottom and you will see an unsubscribe link. please provide additional information below and click the confirm button to finish. email address first name last name close quick part number search enter a part number below to search our catalog. you can use special characters and spaces (i.e. d2045t, 141.43512, 1k0 199 232j). we didn't find any parts for . we found part(s) for . loading cart... oem kit free shipping available to order usually ships within 1-2 business days. availability is not guaranteed. may delay shipment of your order by up to business days. availability is not guaranteed. available to order usually ships within 1-2 business days. availability is not guaranteed. not available temporarily unavailable in stock leaves warehouse within 1-2 business days. low stock leaves warehouse within 1-2 business days, if still available when processed. reg list +core add to cart can't find what you need? fill out a parts request and we'll be happy to locate the parts for you. close