来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20111217084904/http://www.33-off.com/pages/blog
================================================================================

buy online blog | running shoes canada loading... please wait... my account order status wish lists view cart en français customer service about us contact us search home all categories men's shoes running classics trail running walking x-training & other sports casual women's shoes running classics trail running walking x-training & other sports casual men's apparel tops shorts tights & pants jackets socks women's apparel tops shorts tights & pants jackets socks gear men's shoes women's shoes men's apparel women's apparel gear shop by activity running shop by brand adidas asics brooks mizuno recent posts history of running ouverture officielle de la boutique en ligne 33-off.com blog home blog get the correct running shoe for your flat feet get the correct running shoe for your flat feetarches are what make walls strong as opposed to a wall with no doorways or arches. an arch can support an amazing amount of weight. the same is true for the foot. an arch in the foot helps it support the weight of the body in a standing position. a person with flat feet lacks this important arch. running with flat feet can be a problem and very painful. when your feet hit the ground when running, flat footed people tend to over-pronate, which means your foot rolls too far to the inside, causing unbalanced weight distribution, which can cause injury to the ankle, knee, and hip. when your feet hit the ground during running they absorb 3 times the shock as opposed to walking, therefore a good stable running shoe is imperative if you want to run without risk of injury. 30 odd years ago there was nothing in shoe design that could help runners with flat feet. in the last 20 years shoe technology has improved greatly. shoe designs for flat footed runners has become an industry within an industry and there are a great many wonderful shoes made especially for the flat footed runner. motion control shoesmotion control shoes are designed to help with problem feet. they are not made to change the way a runner runs, rather to work with the way he does run. most motion control shoes have superior support in the way of generous amounts of foam and other materials, running from the heel to the midsole. many professional runners who use motion control shoes say that the use of insoles and orthotics are usually not a problem when used with these shoes. these running shoes are designed to work with flat feet and over-pronation, reducing your risk of shin splints and various other leg and foot injuries. motion control shoes also offer stability when running. in flat feet the arch sits completely on the ground leading to unbalanced weight distribution and stability is lost. this can cause the runner to stumble forward and can lead to other injuries usually not associated with running. having a stable shoe lends itself to a more productive, safe run. there are now many motion control shoes on the market, take the time to research them and find the shoe that feels good and fits well. having the proper shoe when running will go a long way to how you feel, both mentally and physically. wearing the correct motion control shoe that fits properly will produce a worry free, effective run.exercises to help flat feetrunning barefoot is a great way to strengthen your foot muscles. running in the sand will keep your bare feet protected and strengthen other muscles in your leg. when running in sand the impact on your body is reduced while giving you a great work out. clamping your toes on an object or picking up an object is a great way to strengthen your arches and foot muscles. repeatedly standing on your tiptoes is another great way to improve the strength in your arches and foot. walking up a steep hill in bare feet also helps your toes to grip surfaces and strengthens foot muscles. bending, stretching, and fanning out your toes is also beneficial to the strength of the entire foot. these exercises will help to stabilize your foot into the proper position. get this amazing shoes to help your flat feet. brooks adrenaline gts 9. one of the most supportive stability shoes in the market. adidas adistar salvation 2. combining upper and sole unit technologies, new balance created a shoe that is very supportive and a favourite by many runners with flat feet. mizuno wave inspire 6. the perfect balance of lightweight and support. one of the editors of running shoes guru is a 200 lbs runner with extremely flat feet – and the inspire is his shoe of choice. asics gel 3020. asics top stability shoe offers plenty of protection for over-pronation. running shoes‭ ‬that‭ ‬fits perfectly so you have just buy running shoes online and received them in a brand new shiny box,‭ ‬thank you delivery man and‭ ‬33-off.com‭!after you finished admiring the newly acquire pair of sneakers,‭ ‬take some time to see if they fit‭!  ‬an adequate fit is the most important quality in a new pairs of running shoes beside looks of course‭!  ‬they need to be snug but not too tight‭; ‬one of the more common mistakes among casual runners is to buy running shoes that are too small for their feet.lace your shoes normally and begin by checking their size.‭  ‬press your thumb into the toebox just above your big toe‭; ‬you should be able to fit your thumb between your toe and the top of the shoe.lateral tension should be tight enough that your foot doesn’t slide sideway but should not feel like you are choking your feet.put both shoes,‭ ‬lace them and take a stroll.‭   ‬your heel should be well supported without moving up or down as you walk.the tongue of the shoe should keep the upper part of your foot stable without irritating or pressing too tightly.the heel of your foot should fit snugly against the back of the shoe without sliding up or down as you walk or run.the upper‭ (‬part of shoe that wraps around and over the top of the foot‭) ‬should fit snugly and securely without irritating or pressing too tightly on any area of the foot.there is great difference between running shoes that fits so-so and one that is a perfect fit.‭  ‬it helps your running form and minimizes irritation and lost energy during the effort.‭ how to get a good running form it’s very important to run properly so you don’t waste energy and time in different planes of movements and working muscles that don’t need to be worked. here are some some basics tips to improve your running forms. running is a straightforward movement, pretty much horizontal. so a couple things to consider is how your entire body mechanics behaving: is your body moving sideway? is your head movement going left to right? are your arms going from outside to inside are your hips twisting. if any of these movements are occurring during your running, you are wasting energy and using unnecessary muscles.  it’s very inefficient movement and it will be the cause of early fatigue and not running as fast and as long as you should. to correct these running symptoms you can hire a running coach or listen to these basic tips, which is much cheaper: robotic arms set your arms bend at roughly 90 degrees to a hundred and ten degrees on each side of your body.  you don’t want to over tax the bicep by straining it and lifting the arms too high.  your arms should do a straight forward and back movement not unlike a pendulum.  ideally, the hands want to stay relaxed, if you clench your fist, you are loose a lot of energy to maintain that pressure. straight head your head should be high and tall, you are not looking down or up. look straight ahead, hey, that’s where you are going right?!  a good tip would be to look more or less at the horizon in front of you.  remember to keep your facial muscles relaxed.  a good example of that is when you see olympics athlete running in slow motion, their face is all over the place and this is a good sign as their facial muscles are all relaxed. zero bouncing try not too bounce up and down, we are moving into the horizontal plane and you want to stay as close to the ground as possible to increase the energy spent toward the horizontal plane and not the vertical one. history of running mankind started running when it came down from trees and started walking on two legs about 4-6 millions years ago.  ten thousands years ago, in north america and most precisely in mexico the tarahumar indians ran between 20 to 100 kilometers a day during their daily hunt.  but the honors goes to pheidippides (530 bc–490 bc), an athenian herald, who was sent to sparta to request help when the persians landed at marathon, greece. he ran 240 km (150 miles) in two days. he then ran the 40 km (25 miles) from the battlefield near marathon to athens to announce the greek victory over persia in the battle of marathon (490 bc) with the word  "we have won",  collapsed and died on the spot from exhaustion. (don’t run that much!).  pheidippides started a trend which we still name to these days marathon in honor of the battle and pheidippides’ feat.in 1896, the first official marathon of 42.195 kilometers (26 miles and 385 yards) was run during the first modern olympics in athens. during the 19th century, track and field became more and more popular with short and long distance running in school.but it’s during the 20th century that the sport, as we know it, blossomed.  jesse owen was one of its first hero when winning the 100 meters, 200 meters and 4 x 100 meters relay achieving international fame instantly in the berlin olympics in 1936.nowadays, running is a very popular sports practiced by many.  more than 500 hundreds  marathons are run every years and many smaller events are held across the globe.   competitive running events make up the core of the sport of athletics.  the fastest human speed on record is 44.72 km/h (27.79 mph), achieved during a 100 meter sprint by usain bolt. ouverture officielle de la boutique en ligne 33-off.com nous sommes heureux de vous annoncer une première au québec et au canada. un site transactionnel où les athlètes de course à pied pourront acheter à partir du canada, des articles de sports en ligne à prix réduits. les articles vendus sur le site proviendront tous des manufacturiers et distributeurs qui désirent liquider leurs produits invendus après la saison courante. il sera en plus, possible d’obtenir certaines éditions spéciales jamais vendues en magasin ou seulement vendues dans d’autres pays. 33-off.com vous promets un rabais minimum de 33% sur le prix de détail en magasin. dans la première phase d'implantation du site, vous y trouverez des souliers et vêtements de course à pied. dans un second temps, nous élargirons l’offre de produits à d’autres sports comme le triathlon, vélo et plein air. vous trouverez les marques suivantes: adidas. asics, brooks et mizuno. c’est joël st-louis, propriétaire de la boutique le coureur de sherbrooke depuis trente ans, qui a eu l’idée de lancer ce projet. il s’est donc associé aux spécialistes en commerce électronique de la firme marketing média de sherbrooke (www.marketingmedia.ca) et maintenant il est prêt à vous servir. “je commençais à entendre plusieurs de mes clients me dire qu’ils achetaient des souliers de course et des vêtements chez overstock.com, amazon.com et ebay.com aux états-unis à très bas prix, et je me suis dis que c’est parce que personne ne leur offrait ce service au canada qu’ils le faisaient. nous serons donc capable de leur offrir les mêmes prix et un meilleur service, dû au fait que nous allons expédier du canada. les clients pourront éviter les frais de courtage et les délais aux douanes et en plus, acheter au canada. je suis conscient que de plus en plus de ventes qui se faisaient traditionnellement en magasin, se font maintenant en ligne et la tendance devrait qu’augmenter, mais j’ai décidé de réagir avant de sérieusement perdre des ventes au profit des sites américains.” selon un article écrit par françois rochon du journal les affaires et parut le 27 février 2009, je cite: “47 % des achats en ligne des québécois ont été faits sur des sites étrangers, comparativement à 33 % en juillet 2008, selon l'indice du commerce électronique au québec du cefrio, de som recherches et sondages et de vdl2. 33-off.com sera à la fine pointe de la technologie et n’aura rien à envier à ses concurrents américains. il utilise une plate-forme qui est constamment en évolution. il sera possible d’acheter directement sur la page facebook http://www.facebook.com/33off et éventuellement sur notre page ebay.com. vous pourrez suivre les plus récents rabais et offres sur twitter au http://twitter.com/33offcom dans un avenir rapproché, le site sera également accessible sur téléphone intelligent où il sera possible de procéder à une transaction complète. un client pourra recevoir un tweet qui annoncera un solde d’une durée d’une heure et il pourra immédiatement profiter de l’offre et acheter avec son iphone ou blackberry, sur le champ. le site est actuellement en anglais uniquement mais toutes les sections, à part celle des produits, sont actuellement en voie d’être traduites en français. bon magasinage en ligne, au canada chez 33-off.com l’équipe 33-off.com 1682 rue king ouest suite 1 sherbrooke, qc j1j 2c9 (888) 326-2614 info@33-off.com please enable javascript to view the comments powered by disqus. blog comments powered by disqus subscribe to our newsletter and save an additional 10% off for all new clients. questions &phone orders 33-off.com team is happy to help! 1.888.800.9340 or email us mon to fri: 10am - 4pm (est) service en français par téléphone secureonline shopping shop whithconfidence secure transactions powered by paypal customer service contact us payment returns & warranties shipping tracking your order ordering information safety, security, & privacy company info about 33-off.com we buy your inventory partners why buy from us site map my account my account view cart order status wish list open an account gift certificates community us blog & newsfacebook twitter powered by about us 33-off.com running shoes canada store welcome to 33-off.com running shoes canada store - the web's leading online running shop! looking for top running shoes and running gears at discount prices? 33-off.com running shoes canada store offers an extensive selection of women's running shoes canada, men's running shoes canada, running clothing canada, running gear canada and sports nutrition canada - all at the most competitive prices. 33-off.com running shoes canada store carry top rated brands of running footwear, running apparel, and running accessories including - asics canada, new balance canada, brooks canada, saucony canada, adidas canada, mizuno canada and much more. runners will save up to 60% every day - top running shoes at great prices 100% of the time! 33-off.com online store guarantees you'll receive the lowest prices, hassle free returns and fast & free ground shipping on purchases of $99 as well as other instant savings opportunities! happy shopping...! running shoes shop 33-off is the leading running shoes shop in canada for asics, addidas, brooks, and mizuno. come buy your running shoes and running apparel from 33-off with free shipping at the best prices online. adidas buy addidas running shoes and apparel online from 33-off.com with free shipping in canada. asics buy asics running shoes and apparel online from 33-off.com with free shipping in canada. brooks buy brooks running shoes and apparel online from 33-off.com with free shipping in canada. mizuno buy mizuno running shoes and apparel online from 33-off.com with free shipping in canada. facebook twitter flickr youtube all our prices are in canadian dollars (cad). copyright 2011 33-off.com. e-commerce made by marketing media