来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20121229213554/http://www.33-off.com/pages/About-Us.html
================================================================================

buy online about us | running shoes canada loading... please wait... my account order status wish lists view cart en français customer service about us contact us search home all categories men's shoes running classics trail running walking x-training & other sports casual women's shoes running classics trail running walking x-training & other sports casual men's apparel tops shorts tights & pants jackets socks women's apparel tops shorts tights & pants jackets socks gear men's shoes women's shoes men's apparel women's apparel gear shop by activity running shop by brand adidas asics brooks mizuno homeabout us about us 33-off.com is an exciting new destination for name brands sporting goods and apparel dedicated to providing the best prices, selection, and overall experience you'll find online. to put it simply--we've created a unique store that offers our customers the ability to find what they want easily and quickly, and with our free shipping, hassle-free returns, lowest price in canada, and 90-day returns window, we offer our customers a no-risk opportunity to try us out. how 33-off.com works shop our wide selection of shoes and apparel your way--we've made it easy to shop by category, color, size, brand, or price. detailed product descriptions--including construction materials and customer reviews--help you make the right choice. alternative views and innovative zoom technology allow you to practically touch the new athletic footwear and apparel. and if you still need help, our customer service representatives will assist you, 5 days a week. best of all, we'll ship your order to you at no additional cost on purchases of $99+. and if for any reason you need to send your order back, the return shipping (for 90 days!) is only $6.95 per package - no additional shipping costs. new products and markdowns arriving weekly! check back often and sign up for email announcements to stay on top of our current sales, offers and special promotions! we’re always giving you opportunities to save even more on all your favourite sports equipment, casual clothing, accessories, gear, shoes and more! who we are 33-off.com was built by boutique le coureur (in business since 1980) and marketing media in response to customers' desires to shop a destination dedicated to athletic shoes and sporting goods. our site is built for these categories, and the sports enthusiasts who shop them this is our focus. we are a unique store that offers our customers the ability to find what they want easily and we deliver it as quickly as possible reliably and securely. we take our shopping seriously our staff is dedicated to providing the best possible experience. guarantee of quality all of our merchandise comes from either: the manufacturer, a licensed agent, retailer, or importer. we guarantee the 100% authenticity of every product we sell. brand new with full manufacturer warranties we carry a full line of sporting goods, and the majority of our products are brand new with full warranties, unless otherwise noted. we are an authorized dealer for all of the items we sell, an all new items carry their full manufacturer warranties. contact us if you have any questions or comments about our site, we'd love to hear from you. please click here to contact one of our customer service representatives. we thank you for visiting and hope you have a very pleasant shopping experience. our promises the best brands at the best prices you never have to wait for a sale at 33-off.com. we offer the best brands you want at the best prices every day! shop 33-off.com and sleep better at night. we search the world for the best deals and pass the savings on to you. we log a lot of miles, but someone has to do it. great service if you're looking for great advice on brand name gear, ask us. sport is all we do. receive full customer support! • by phone - please contact customer service at 1.888.800.9340, from monday - friday, 9:00am to 5:00pm - eastern time. leave a message outside these hours and we'll call you back within 24 hours. phone orders: don't feel comfortable ordering products online? no problem! 33-off.com accepts orders over the phone. • by email - please specify what product you are ordering and where you would like your product to be shipped. please email your payment along with your name, address, phone number and order description to: info@33-off.com • by mail - access a pdf version of the mail-in order form. download the form and send us your order! free shipping on $99+ orders unlike many other web sites that have special rules and lots of fine print, 33-off.com offers free shipping on all orders over $99 placed on our website. we ship from canada. we can deliver within 3 days in major canadian cities. no duty, no brokerage fees and no custom clearing delays. $9.99 flat-rate shipping for order under $99 if you'd like to learn more about free shipping on $99+ orders, visit our shipping page. 90 day money-back guarantee with 33-off.com, 90 day return policy, there are no special catches or exceptions. all we ask is that you send the items back to us in the original packaging, and make sure that the merchandise is in the same condition. • you have 90 days from reception of the product to return it. • all products being returned must be in new condition and include any retail packaging, with all hang tags attached, manuals, or other included items to qualify for a refund or exchange. • we undertake to then exchange or reimburse you the price of all the products. • if it is after 90 days, you will need to process an exchange by contacting customer service, as long as the product is unworn. if you'd like to learn more about our 90 day money-back guarantee, visit our return policy page. hassle-free returns policy pre-paid return shipping allow our customers to return items hassle-free by providing them with a pre-paid return label. return your unworn purchase within 90 days for a refund or exchange. return instructions need to return your item? no problem. for your convenience, we have included on the packing slip a pre-printed, pre-addressed and pre-paid label for your return package. 1. pack the item(s) securely in the original product packaging, if possible. please include all paperwork, parts, and accessories. all products must be returned in new condition, to ensure full credit. visit our 90 day money-back guarantee policy page. 2. complete the return reason questionnaire on the packing slip or the one you can download here. remove the mailing label portion and include the remainder of the slip in the return package. please do not tear the pre-paid mailing label down the middle perforation. the entire label must be used. 3. affix the pre-paid label to the package. before sending your return shipment, please remove all extra labels from the outside of the package. 4. send your package via canada post by giving it to your postal carrier or dropping it at a local post office or mail drop point. 5. no need to worry, once you have sent your package to us, an account representative will ensure that the rest of the steps are completed correctly. we will email you a receipt confirming the credit! benefits to our customer • the packing slip in your package will contain detailed return instructions for all returnable items. • no postage is required. the cost of return shipping will be deducted from your refund - $6.95 per package - no additional shipping costs. you will not be charged postage until the return is processed. • to receive credit, items must be returned within 90 days of delivery. • pre-paid label cannot be used outside of canada. • you can expect a refund in the same form of payment originally used for the purchase. • please do not reproduce the pre-paid label in any way, to ensure proper credit processing. • track return shipments while they're en route to your warehouse. • the treatment time of a return parcel can take 3 weeks, over this time, contact our customers service • no need to worry, once you have sent your package to us, an account representative will ensure that the rest of the steps are completed correctly. we will email you a receipt confirming the credit! • click here for information on returning damaged or defective items. easy exchange if the color, size or other details do not suit you and you wish to exchange the product, we undertake (on the condition that the returned products are new, unworn and in their original packaging) to reimburse you and offer you the shipping costs of your new order. express refund once your return is received and inspected by the fulfillment centers (usually within 10 days of receipt), your refund will be processed and a credit will be automatically applied to your credit card or original method of payment. this credit will not include any original shipping charges. you may also check the status of your return by logging into your account and viewing your order history. we will email you a receipt confirming the credit! please note: once we initiate the credit for your 33-off.com return, the actual date that the refund is posted to your account is determined by the company which issued the original payment. please be patient, it may take up to two billing cycles for the credit transaction to appear on your statement. secure payment easy, secure online ordering click here to see our secure shopping guarantee lowest price in canada when you shop @ 33-off.com you can be sure you're getting a great deal. at 33-off.com we strive to offer the low prices from the start. our prices are the cheapest prices you can find in canada on swim, bike, run, triathlon & fitness products so check us out. we are proudly canadian proudly canadian owned and operated. we ship from canada. we can deliver within 2-4 days in major canadian cities. you will have no duties, no brokerage fees and no customs delays. all our prices are in canadian dollars (cad) subscribe to our newsletter and save an additional 10% off for all new clients. questions &phone orders 33-off.com team is happy to help! 1.888.800.9340 or email us mon to fri: 10am - 4pm (est) service en français par téléphone secureonline shopping shop whithconfidence secure transactions powered by paypal customer service contact us payment returns & warranties shipping tracking your order ordering information safety, security, & privacy company info about 33-off.com we buy your inventory partners why buy from us site map my account my account view cart order status wish list open an account gift certificates community us blog & newsfacebook twitter powered by about us 33-off.com running shoes canada store welcome to 33-off.com running shoes canada store - the web's leading online running shop! looking for top running shoes and running gears at discount prices? 33-off.com running shoes canada store offers an extensive selection of women's running shoes canada, men's running shoes canada, running clothing canada, running gear canada and sports nutrition canada - all at the most competitive prices. 33-off.com running shoes canada store carry top rated brands of running footwear, running apparel, and running accessories including - asics canada, new balance canada, brooks canada, saucony canada, adidas canada, mizuno canada and much more. runners will save up to 60% every day - top running shoes at great prices 100% of the time! 33-off.com online store guarantees you'll receive the lowest prices, hassle free returns and fast & free ground shipping on purchases of $99 as well as other instant savings opportunities! happy shopping...! running shoes shop 33-off is the leading running shoes shop in canada for asics, addidas, brooks, and mizuno. come buy your running shoes and running apparel from 33-off with free shipping at the best prices online. adidas buy addidas running shoes and apparel online from 33-off.com with free shipping in canada. asics buy asics running shoes and apparel online from 33-off.com with free shipping in canada. brooks buy brooks running shoes and apparel online from 33-off.com with free shipping in canada. mizuno buy mizuno running shoes and apparel online from 33-off.com with free shipping in canada. facebook twitter flickr youtube all our prices are in canadian dollars (cad). copyright 2013 33-off.com.