来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20171215232944/http://www.33-off.com/return/
================================================================================

return facebook linkedin my account sign in or create an account email view cart © 2017 33-off.com store powered by bigcommerce menu accessory snowshoes last pair men's shoes hiking winter boots running trail running walking junior's shoes women's shoes hiking winter boots running trail running walking casual junior's shoes brands of shoes altra asics asics gel cumulus asics gel fujisensor asics gt-2000-4 asics hyper speed noosa ff asics gel ds asics gel foundation asics gel fujitrabuco asics gel fujitrainer asics gel fujisetsu asics gt-1000 asics gt-2000 asics gt-3000 asics gel kayano asics gel kinsei 5 asics hyper tri asics gel nimbus asics noosa fast asics noosa tri asics gel trail sensor asics gel artic kid's shoes lowa lowa hudson gtx lowa sirkos gtx lowa strato lowa toro gtx lowa vintage adidas adidas supernova glide merrell merrell all out blaze merrell all out charge merrell azura merrell grace hoka one one clifton constant hoka one one bondi hoka one one challenger atr hoka one one huaka mafate 4 speedgoat stinson vanquish mizuno mizuno wave catalyst mizuno wave creation mizuno wave enigma mizuno wave hayate mizuno wave hitogami mizuno wave inspire mizuno wave kazan mizuno wave prophecy mizuno wave rider mizuno wave sayonara salomon salomon crossamphibian salomon elbrus salomon ellipse salomon flyte salomon gecko salomon quest salomon s-lab salomon speedcross 3 salomon speedcross pro salomon speedtrak salomon spikecross salomon utility salomon vario salomon wings salomon x-scream salomon x-ultra gtx salomon x-wind salomon xa-pro speedcross 4 saucony saucony guide saucony hurricane iso saucony kinvara saucony peregrine saucony propel vistarun dry saucony ride saucony triumph saucony type a6 saucony virrata apparel gear women's apparel shorts women's wetsuits tights & pants tops jackets vests men's apparel men's wetsuits tops shorts tights & pants jackets clearance clearance apparel clearance running shoes customer service newsletters return about us blog contact us size chart home return return return policy 15 days return policy you may return a product within 15 days of delivery for a full refund. the item(s) must be unused or in new condition only, including all original material. the items must be returned to us and arrive at our shipping facility within 15 days of delivery. we will inspect all returned items and award a full refund exclusively for new and unused items. no exceptions. however, if the return is a result of our error or defective on arrival product, we will refund the full cost of the merchandise and shipping charges. • you have 15 days from reception of the product to return it.• all products being returned must be in new condition and include any retail packaging, with all hang tags attached, manuals, or other included items to qualify for a refund.• we undertake to then exchange or reimburse you the price of all the products. • if it is after 15 days, you will need to process an exchange by contacting customer service, as long as the product is unworn. to make sure you qualify for a refundall products being returned must be in new condition and include any retail packaging, tags, manuals, or other included items to qualify for a refund or exchange. incomplete returns will be subject to additional charges at our discretion.clothing • all items must be unused and include the original packaging• clothing must be clean and unwashed with all tags attached - no pet hair, no human hair, no smoke smell• if you plan to return your clothing please keep it clean• once clothing has been worn and/or washed it cannot be returned or exchanged shoes / footwear • shoes must not be worn and must include the original undamaged packaging – 33-off.com recommendation - try your new shoes on inside on the carpet - this will help keep your new shoes clean and returnable. shoes must be in new condition with no wear evident on the soles, interior, uppers, or track spike pins.• if you plan to return your shoes do not wear them after trying them on• shoeboxes must not have tape or any other shipping labels on them - use the box the shoes were shipped in to return shoes• once shoes have been worn they cannot be returned or exchanged equipment returns equipment may be returned for a refund or exchange within 15 days of delivery. it must be returned in like-new condition with original packaging and materials. defective items you can always return items if they are defective. we will only accept returns of items that have been opened if they are defective. if you believe your product is defective please send it back along with the return form explaining the defect. what about open or used items? open or used products returned to 33-off.com will be subject to a restocking fee to be determined upon receipt us. this restocking fee will vary depending on the condition of the returned merchandise. merchandise that has been used and/or shows signs of wear and tear will be subject to a 10-80% restocking fee. if you return the product(s) in unsellable condition we will ship the product back to you and will not provide you with a refund. sorry for being so mean about it. we will not accept returns with shipping labels attached directly to product packaging please do not attach or tape any shipping label directly on a shoe box. doing so will result in the exchange being denied. please do not use a skate box or shoe box as your shipping box. doing so will result in the exchange being denied. at 33-off.com we do not sell used merchandise and we would not want to give other customers the impression that we do by the sight of used packaging. exchangesunfortunately, we do not accept exchanges at this time. if you wish to exchange an item, you must return the item by following the return instructions on the packing slip and re-order a new item at 33-off.com. 25% - 50% sale return policy all products (shoes, clothing and accessories) sold at 25% or 50% discount or more are not exchangeable or refundable. we will not refund or exchange any item purchased during a 25% or 50% sale. the only reason where you will be able to return an item, is if it is defective or does not match its description on the website. if we ship you the wrong product, or a damaged product, we will cover the shipping fees back to us. if this occurs, please contact our customer service at info@33-off.com. 33-off.com is absolutely not responsible if it does not fit you or you don't like the color or the style. back to top express refund once your return is received and inspected by the fulfillment centers (usually within 10 days of receipt), your refund will be processed and a credit will be automatically applied to your credit card or original method of payment. this credit will not include any original shipping charges. you may also check the status of your return by logging into your account and viewing your order history. we will email you a receipt confirming the credit!please note: once we initiate the credit for your 33-off.com return, the actual date that the refund is posted to your account is determined by the company which issued the original payment. please be patient, it may take up to two billing cycles for the credit transaction to appear on your statement. back to top damaged or defective items if you receive a damaged or defective item, contact a customer service representative within 2 days of delivery at info@33-off.com. please supply the order number and item number from your original confirmation email, as well as your email address and phone number. 33-off.com will make every reasonable effort to assist you with your return.if there is extensive damage to the carton upon delivery, contact a customer service representative immediately at info@33-off.com. warrantee claims all the products we sell are covered by the manufacturers’ warrantee. for any claim with regards to a defective item, you need to contact by email: info@33-off.com, after that will give you an authorization request. the customer is responsible the cost of shipping fees back to us.  we will cover the shipping costs between ourselves and the manufacturer. you should receive a response within 3 to 5 weeks if the warranty is not applicable , you will have to pay shipping fees. back to top returning an item hassle-free return policy if you wish to return an item to 33-off.com, please follow the instructions below. return instructions 1. pack the item(s) securely in the original product packaging, if possible. please include all paperwork, parts, and accessories. all products must be returned in new condition, to ensure full credit. 2. print your invoice, circle the returned item(s) and put it in the box. you are responsible for shipping charges back to us. 3. send your package via canada post by giving it to your postal carrier or dropping it at a local post office or mail drop point. 4. no need to worry, once you have sent your package to us, an account representative will ensure that the rest of the steps are completed correctly. we will email you a receipt confirming the credit! 5. before sending your return shipment, please remove all extra labels from the outside of the package. 6. send the return package to the following address (unless your packing slip directs otherwise): 33-off.com office 3447 boul. industriel. sherbrooke, quebec canada j1l 1x7 to contact our customer service department, please click here to fill out our email form. connect with us facebook linkedin further info customer service newsletters return about us blog contact us size chart sitemap categories accessory snowshoes last pair men's shoes hiking winter boots running trail running walking junior's shoes women's shoes hiking winter boots running trail running walking casual junior's shoes brands of shoes altra asics asics gel cumulus asics gel fujisensor asics gt-2000-4 asics hyper speed noosa ff asics gel ds asics gel foundation asics gel fujitrabuco asics gel fujitrainer asics gel fujisetsu asics gt-1000 asics gt-2000 asics gt-3000 asics gel kayano asics gel kinsei 5 asics hyper tri asics gel nimbus asics noosa fast asics noosa tri asics gel trail sensor asics gel artic kid's shoes lowa lowa hudson gtx lowa sirkos gtx lowa strato lowa toro gtx lowa vintage adidas adidas supernova glide merrell merrell all out blaze merrell all out charge merrell azura merrell grace hoka one one clifton constant hoka one one bondi hoka one one challenger atr hoka one one huaka mafate 4 speedgoat stinson vanquish mizuno mizuno wave catalyst mizuno wave creation mizuno wave enigma mizuno wave hayate mizuno wave hitogami mizuno wave inspire mizuno wave kazan mizuno wave prophecy mizuno wave rider mizuno wave sayonara salomon salomon crossamphibian salomon elbrus salomon ellipse salomon flyte salomon gecko salomon quest salomon s-lab salomon speedcross 3 salomon speedcross pro salomon speedtrak salomon spikecross salomon utility salomon vario salomon wings salomon x-scream salomon x-ultra gtx salomon x-wind salomon xa-pro speedcross 4 saucony saucony guide saucony hurricane iso saucony kinvara saucony peregrine saucony propel vistarun dry saucony ride saucony triumph saucony type a6 saucony virrata apparel gear women's apparel shorts women's wetsuits tights & pants tops jackets vests men's apparel men's wetsuits tops shorts tights & pants jackets clearance clearance apparel clearance running shoes brands asics salomon mizuno reebok saucony zoot hoka adidas compressport lowa view all brands newsletter all prices are in cad. © 2017 33-off.com sitemap loading... please wait... × ×