来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20191230061902/https://www.33-off.com/pages/customer-service
================================================================================

customer service – 33-off.com english  français 0 your cart (0) your cart is empty subtotal$0.00 view and edit cart go to checkout menu deal of the week apparel women's apparel tops shorts tights & pants jackets bras wetsuits women's underwear men's apparel tops shorts underwears tights & pants jackets wetsuits brands adidas asics asics dynaflyte asics gel cumulus asics gel fujisensor asics gel fujitrabuco asics gel fujitrainer asics gel kayano asics gel kinsei asics gel nimbus asics gel-ds racer asics gel-ds trainer asics gel-hyper tri asics gt-1000 asics gt-2000 asics gt-3000 asics hyper speed asics noosa fast asics noosa ff asics noosa tri bn3th lowa inov nathan gregory hoka one one hoka one one bondi hoka one one challenger atr hoka one one clifton hoka one one constant hoka one one mafate hoka one one speedgoat hoka one one stinson hoka one one vanquish mizuno mizuno wave catalyst mizuno wave creation mizuno wave enigma mizuno wave hayate mizuno wave hitogami mizuno wave inspire mizuno wave kazan mizuno wave prophecy mizuno wave rider mizuno wave sayonara mizuno wave sky reebok salomon salomon speedcross salomon supercross salomon sense ride salomon sonic ra salomon crossamphibian salomon vario salomon ellipse salomon flyte salomon quest salomon s-lab salomon wings salomon x-ultra salomon xa-pro salomon outpath saucony saucony guide saucony hurricane iso saucony kinvara saucony peregrine saucony propel vistarun dry saucony ride saucony triumph saucony type a6 scott swix zoot women's all women's shoes hiking shoes running shoes trail running shoes walking shoes winter boots girl's shoes all women's apparel tops shorts tights & pants jackets bras wetsuits women's underwear men's all men's shoes hiking shoes running shoes trail running shoes walking shoes winter boots boy's shoes all men's apparel tops shorts tights & pants jackets wetsuits kid's accessories hydratation bags socks snowshoes clearance deal of the week apparel women's apparel tops shorts tights & pants jackets bras wetsuits women's underwear men's apparel tops shorts underwears tights & pants jackets wetsuits brands adidas asics asics dynaflyte asics gel cumulus asics gel fujisensor asics gel fujitrabuco asics gel fujitrainer asics gel kayano asics gel kinsei asics gel nimbus asics gel-ds racer asics gel-ds trainer asics gel-hyper tri asics gt-1000 asics gt-2000 asics gt-3000 asics hyper speed asics noosa fast asics noosa ff asics noosa tri bn3th lowa inov nathan gregory hoka one one hoka one one bondi hoka one one challenger atr hoka one one clifton hoka one one constant hoka one one mafate hoka one one speedgoat hoka one one stinson hoka one one vanquish mizuno mizuno wave catalyst mizuno wave creation mizuno wave enigma mizuno wave hayate mizuno wave hitogami mizuno wave inspire mizuno wave kazan mizuno wave prophecy mizuno wave rider mizuno wave sayonara mizuno wave sky reebok salomon salomon speedcross salomon supercross salomon sense ride salomon sonic ra salomon crossamphibian salomon vario salomon ellipse salomon flyte salomon quest salomon s-lab salomon wings salomon x-ultra salomon xa-pro salomon outpath saucony saucony guide saucony hurricane iso saucony kinvara saucony peregrine saucony propel vistarun dry saucony ride saucony triumph saucony type a6 scott swix zoot women's all women's shoes hiking shoes running shoes trail running shoes walking shoes winter boots girl's shoes all women's apparel tops shorts tights & pants jackets bras wetsuits women's underwear men's all men's shoes hiking shoes running shoes trail running shoes walking shoes winter boots boy's shoes all men's apparel tops shorts tights & pants jackets wetsuits kid's accessories hydratation bags socks snowshoes clearance customer service 15 days return policy to make sure you qualify for a refund exchanges returns instructions taxes shipping q. 15 days return policy you may return a product within 15 days of delivery for a full refund. the item(s) must be unused or in new condition only, including all original material. the items must be returned to us and arrive at our shipping facility within 15 days of delivery. we will inspect all returned items and award a full refund exclusively for new and unused items. no exceptions. however, if the return is a result of our error or defective on arrival product, we will refund the full cost of the merchandise and shipping charges. • you have 15 days from reception of the product to return it. • all products being returned must be in new condition and include any retail packaging, with all hang tags attached, manuals, or other included items to qualify for a refund. • we undertake to then exchange or reimburse you the price of all the products. • if it is after 15 days, you will need to process an exchange by contacting customer service, as long as the product is unworn. q. to make sure you qualify for a refund all products being returned must be in new condition and include any retail packaging, tags, manuals, or other included items to qualify for a refund or exchange. incomplete returns will be subject to additional charges at our discretion. clothing • all items must be unused and include the original packaging • clothing must be clean and unwashed with all tags attached - no pet hair, no human hair, no smoke smell • if you plan to return your clothing please keep it clean • once clothing has been worn and/or washed it cannot be returned or exchanged shoes / footwear • shoes must not be worn and must include the original undamaged packaging – 33-off.com recommendation - try your new shoes on inside on the carpet - this will help keep your new shoes clean and returnable. shoes must be in new condition with no wear evident on the soles, interior, uppers, or track spike pins. • if you plan to return your shoes do not wear them after trying them on • shoeboxes must not have tape or any other shipping labels on them - use the box the shoes were shipped in to return shoes • once shoes have been worn they cannot be returned or exchanged equipment returns equipment may be returned for a refund within 15 days of delivery. it must be returned in like-new condition with original packaging and materials. defective items you can always return items if they are defective. we will only accept returns of items that have been opened if they are defective. if you believe your product is defective please send it back along with the return form explaining the defect. what about open or used items? open or used products returned to 33-off.com will be subject to a restocking fee to be determined upon receipt us. this restocking fee will vary depending on the condition of the returned merchandise. merchandise that has been used and/or shows signs of wear and tear will be subject to a 10-80% restocking fee. if you return the product(s) in unsellable condition we will ship the product back to you and shipping cost will be applies on the refund and will not provide you with a refund. sorry for being so mean about it. we will not accept returns with shipping labels attached directly to product packaging please do not attach or tape any shipping label directly on a shoe box. please do not use a skate box or shoe box as your shipping box, no refund will be apply at 33-off.com we do not sell used merchandise and we would not want to give other customers the impression that we do by the sight of used packaging. q. exchanges unfortunately, we do not accept exchanges at this time. if you wish to exchange an item, you must return the item by following the return instructions on the packing slip and re-order a new item at 33-off.com. q. returns instructions return instructions 1. pack the item(s) securely in the original product packaging, if possible. please include all paperwork, parts, and accessories. all products must be returned in new condition, to ensure full credit. 2. print your invoice, circle the returned item(s) and put it in the box. you are responsible for shipping charges back to us. do not attach or tape any shipment directly on the shoe box 3. send your package via canada post by giving it to your postal carrier or dropping it at a local post office or mail drop point. 4. no need to worry, once you have sent your package to us, an account representative will ensure that the rest of the steps are completed correctly. we will email you a receipt confirming the credit! 5. before sending your return shipment, please remove all extra labels from the outside of the package. 6. send the return package to the following address (unless your packing slip directs otherwise): 33-off.com office 3447 boul. industriel. sherbrooke, quebec canada j1l 1x7 q. taxes sales tax province provincial sales taxes (pst) goods and services tax (gst) quebec sales tax (qst) québec 5% 9,975% nova scotia 5% 10% ontario 5% 8% new brunswick 5% 10% newfoundland and labrador 5% 10% prince edward island (pei) 5% 9% british-columbia 5% 7% alberta 5% manitoba 5% 8% saskatchewan 5% 5% northwest territories 5% yukon 5% nunavut 5% sales taxes may apply to your order depending on where you live. please check your area below for more details: orders delivered from quebec, canada. prices all prices are listed in canadian dollars. if you order by credit card, the credit card company will automatically convert your currency to canadian dollars and pay the appropriate amount. q. shipping maximum delivery time once you receive email confirmation that your order is shipping. most areas in canada will receive their order within 3-7 business days. what is expected delivery? expected delivery is an estimate of when we will attempt delivery of an item based on where it is in our network. this date is not guaranteed and will continue to be updated as your item travels to its destination. the date may be before, after, or on the same day as the delivery standard and is updated based on local information. free shipping on orders over $125.00 we offer free shipping on orders over $125. any order below $125 is charged a flat rate of $9.99. - shipments that require extra shipping charges, as levied by canada post, may not qualify for free shipping. delivery times from canada post may be extended. this is a rare occurrence and applies to shipments of excessive weight or those living to extremely rural areas. if this is the case we will contact you before we make any charges to your account. • tracking information will be provided to customers with valid email addresses. • a fee of $15 may be charged for shipments that are either re-routed after leaving our warehouse or are incorrectly addressed due to customers’ error. shipping labels are generated directly from the shipping information you provide. express delivery if you need your order sooner, we offer a guaranteed expedited two-business days service for a $10 fee. this service is available for most canadian addresses. this service is not available for remote locations. can items be shipped outside of canada? at this time, we are not able to ship products outside of canada. shipping rules & restrictions • orders are shipped on business days only. business days are monday to friday, excluding federal holidays within the canada. • you will not be billed for items purchased with a credit card until the items have shipped. • contact customer service representative at info@33-off.com if you have any questions. method of ordering how to order with 33-off.com: • order on-line - www.33-off.com follow our simple ordering process at www.33-off.com. browse the full range of 33-off.com products under the products tab on the main menu. then fill in the size and quantity you would like in the selector box on the right of the screen and follow the simple checkout process. ordering online is convenient and secure. order status & tracking you can check the status of your order online and find out when it shipped. for orders shipped via canada post you can also track your package. if you feel your order is taking longer than normal to arrive, please check your order status online: • once your order is processed, a tracking number will be sent to you via email. • check your email. you are required to enter an email address during checkout, so that you may receive emails regarding the status of your order and the tracking number. • visit the website. you may sign in at 33-off.com for your order history at any time. information about your open orders, tracking, and past orders is available. • contact us. if you still have questions about your order, please contact us via email. click here to login to your account. estimated delivery dates once your order is processed, a tracking number will be sent to you via email. 33-off.com will ship your order by canada post. please allow 2-10 business days for delivery, depending on destination. all orders are normally shipped to the delivery address that you supplied within 48 hours of receipt. orders placed during the weekend are sent on monday afternoon. orders placed on a public holiday are sent the next working day. shipping time frame all in stock orders are shipped the next day if the order is received before 12:00 pm eastern time during weekdays (non-holiday). weekend or holiday orders are shipped on monday or the next business day. shipping times are between 3 to 7 business days. cancellations orders or parts of an order may be cancelled by our system for various reasons. possible reasons include: • unavailable item(s) • difficulty in processing your payment information • inability to ship to address provided • existence of a duplicate order if your order is cancelled, you will receive an important notice via email. it will explain the reason for the cancellation. you will not be billed for any cancelled items. once an order is cancelled, it cannot be reprocessed and must be submitted again on our website. if you are interested in purchasing items similar to those unavailable, you may contact our customer service department for recommendations. customer requested cancellations after you have clicked "submit my order", you cannot cancel or change your order. our system is designed to process and ship orders immediately. however, we will do our best if the order has not already been shipped to try to assist you. please contact customer service info@33-off.com. or, if you do not wish to keep the items once they have arrived in the mail, simply return them by following our return instructions.. stay with us: subscribe to our newsletter register now and get 10% discount on first order for all new clients email info@33-off.com brands adidas asics bn3th inov nathan hoka one one mizuno rab salomon saucony scott swix zoot further info search gift card size chart warranty contact about us customer service reward program blog 100% secure payment 2020 © 33-off.com all rights reserved. scroll to top ✖ login if you have an account with us, please log in. email* password* forgot password sign in or create account reset your password we will send you an email to reset your password. cancel submit ✖ window closes in seconds ✖ window closes in seconds ✖