来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20180905214035/https://www.elementvape.com/faq-contact-us/
================================================================================

faq skip to content warning: this product contains nicotine. nicotine is an addictive chemical. free u.s. shipping on orders over $50 search new brands device brands smoktech voopoo geek vape innokin joyetech eleaf wismec suorin lost vape rincoe aspire vape vandy vape vaporesso sigelei snowwolf ijoy hellvape uwell wotofo view all brands e-juice brands sua vapors naked 100 finest e-liquid charlie’s chalk dust cosmic fog rockt punch kilo e-liquid mad hatter juice vapetasia blvk unicorn 7 daze jam monster skwezed the milkman twist e-liquid juice roll-upz solace vapor gost vapor humble juice co. view all brands 10% all e-liquids. use code: new10 featured brand starter kits summer vape kits sale box mod kits pod systems all-in-one systems vape pen kits squonk kits high power kits 150w+ disposable e-cigs clearance vape kits devices all box mods squonk mods high-end mods temperature control built-in battery mods light-up led mods touch screen mods dna chip box mods high power mods 150w+ 20700 / 21700 battery mods ego 510 battery device clearance vape mods rebuildables rda rdta rta postless deck two-post deck squonk bf rebuildables clearance rebuildables tanks all sub-ohm tanks mesh coil tanks ceramic coil tanks temperature control high power tanks 150w+ disposable vape tanks clearance tanks accessories drip tips batteries chargers replacement parts rebuildable materials replacement coils fidget hand spinners rebuildable tools performance wires replacement pod cartridges e-liquids all e-liquids nicotine salts e-liquid combo packs deal fruit flavors e-liquid dessert flavors e-liquid menthol flavors e-liquid tobacco flavors e-liquid clearance e-liquids alternatives all vaporizers dry herb vaporizers concentrate vaporizers portable vaporizers pen vaporizers desktop vaporizers vaporizers accessories home > faq at elementvape.com, we want you to love your experience shopping as much as your new vape products. please feel free to contact our customer service department regarding to any questions or concerns. we are here to help with everything from placing orders, delivery questions and product details. even if you’re set, we’d still love to hear your feedback. we value your opinions and want to keep on improving to serve you better. order issues shipping & handling returns & refunds age verification payments & promos stock & product issues general & technical contact us order issues i ordered incorrectly, am i able to change an item in my order? unfortunately we are unable to make any item changes to orders once the order has been placed. alternatively, we may cancel the order if the package has not yet begun processing with our shipping department. please note that once the package has begun processing, the order will no longer be able to be canceled as the package is being prepped for shipment. can i cancel my order? we are only able to cancel orders before the order has begun processing with our shipping department. once an order has been processed for shipment, the order is no longer able to be canceled/refunded. if necessary you may refuse the package at time of delivery. once we receive the package back at our facility we will be happy to modify or cancel and refund the order. i received my package, and an item is missing/incorrect. can you send me the product that i ordered? if you believe that an item in your order is missing/incorrect, please contact us immediately, and we will rectify the issue for you. please be sure to include your order number, along with images of the invoice and products that you received. in regards to the invoice, please send us a complete image of the entire document where all text is visible. upon reviewing the email, we will send you a prepaid return label at no charge to you to return to item back to us in exchange for the correct product. please send this information to returns@elementvape.com. please note that all "dead on arrivals" (doa), missing, or wrong item claims must be reported back to us within 48-hours from the time of delivery. please ensure to carefully inspect your items upon receiving the package, as it is the responsibility of the recipient to check the contents of the order within the designated time window, and to notify us if any issues are found. my order was shipped to the wrong address, what happened? if you have confirmed that the shipping address listed on your order is invalid/incorrect, you may contact usps to arrange mail-forwarding, or to arrange pick-up at your local post office. alternatively, if the order’s tracking history shows that the courier returned your package to the original sender, we will be able to make the necessary adjustments to your order once it is received back at our facility. please contact us regarding the matter with your updated shipping address and we will have it on file to update your shipping address. https://www.usps.com/help/contact-us.htm i forgot to sign into my account before i placed an order, can i link the order to my account and claim my earned rewards points? unfortunately, we are unable to link placed orders to existing customer accounts after the order has been placed. alternatively, we may apply the earned rewards points from your recent order to your element vape account. you may contact us regarding the matter, and we will be sure to issue the rewards points to you. please include the order number and your element vape account information at the time of your initial email to us. customerservice@elementvape.com shipping & handling i just placed my order, when will it be shipped? there is a 24-48 hour processing time for all orders, with most orders sent out for delivery within 24 business hours. we strive to ship orders out as quickly as possible with processing priority to customers with paid shipping. after the processing period, a tracking email will automatically sent to the email on the order to showcase that the package is ready for shipment and sent to usps for shipping deliveries. our order processing time is 24-48 business hours once the order has been placed, excluding weekends and holidays. if free first class shipping was selected as your shipping method at the time of checkout, the order will require the full 48 hours to be processed. note: during the busy holiday season or after holiday promotion, processing can take up to 72 business hours. please refer to the table below for more information on the expected delivery time of your order: priority mail (2-4 business days in transit) orders placed on: sunday monday tuesday wednesday thursday friday saturday will ship out by: mon - tues tues - wed wed - thur thur - fri friday monday monday expected shipping: 2-4 business days 2-4 business days 2-4 business days 2-4 business days 2-4 business days 2-4 business days 2-4 business days first class mail (4-10 business days in transit) orders received on: sunday monday tuesday wednesday thursday friday saturday will ship out by: tuesday wednesday thursday friday friday tuesday tuesday expected shipping time: 4-10 business days 4-10 business days 4-10 business days 4-10 business days 4-10 business days 4-10 business days 4-10 business days i did not receive a confirmation number, where is it? order confirmation emails are sent within 12-hours of the order being placed. if a contact email was not provided at the time of checkout, or an incorrect/invalid email address was entered, the confirmation email will not be properly sent to your inbox. please also be sure to check your spam/junk folder if it does not appear in your inbox. please verify the information at the time of checkout to avoid further issues. if you believe that the email was not received due to the reasons mentioned, please feel free to contact us regarding the matter and we will provide you with your order number along with your tracking number (if the order has already begun processing). i was sent a tracking number, but the order shows that it is still in pre-shipment. what is the status of my order? shipping labels are created prior to the order being shipped, which creates a corresponding tracking number for the package. once created, you will receive a shipping confirmation email; please note that this does not indicate that the order has been shipped out. during this stage in the fulfillment process the order will process through our shipping department in preparation for shipment. in the event that an item in your order is unavailable, you will receive an email from our customer service team to resolve any issues. additionally, the tracking will update once the package is received and scanned by the courier. how can i be eligible for free first class shipping? we currently offer free first class shipping for all us orders valuing over $50 (excluding applicable tax). please note that the default shipping method is automatically selected as priority mail (2-4 business days), therefore requiring a manual selection for the free first class shipping option. once your cart reaches the minimum amount of $50, the free shipping option will be made available for selection. unfortunately, international orders are not eligible for free first class shipping, regardless of the order exceeding the $50 minimum requirement for eligibility. do you ship orders in discreet packaging? we currently ship all orders in discreet packaging with no logos or labels of affiliation. do you ship internationally? yes, we currently ship to most countries globally. if your country is not listed during the checkout process, we are unable to accept payment from or ship to your country at this time. please view our shipping & handling page for more information. returns & refunds do the items i purchased from your website include warranty? we currently offer a 30-day after sales limited warranty for all manufacturer defective items purchased from our website, with some restrictions*. the warranty period will begin once the package has been delivered in correspondence to the order’s tracking history. once the item has been in the hands of the customer after the warranty period, the item(s) will be no longer eligible for a refund/replacement. what is the process if my product is found to be defective? if you receive a defective product from our website, please notify us within our 30-day after sales warranty period and we will be sure to assist you in the returns process. prior to contacting us please ensure to include the following items in your email for a speedy process: order number images / video of the defective item, clearly showing the issue at hand a detailed description of the issue you are facing with the product please send the above information to returns@elementvape.com. please note that all minor scratches, cosmetic issues, and discoloration are considered normal wear and tear, which are not covered by our warranty. can i return items on my entire order back? orders placed online with element vape have a 30 day return policy. we gladly accepts returns of unopened, unused, undamaged, or defective items purchased on our website for a refund or exchange within 30 days of original purchase. please email us if you have any questions and the more details you are able to provide, the faster the situation can be handle. age verification i am unable to verify my age during checkout, how do i proceed with placing my order? if our system is unable to verify your legal age, you may alternatively send us an email containing an image of a valid government issued id, and we will manually review your information to verify your legal age in the corresponding state of residence. you are more than welcome to cover or sensor any sensitive information such as your driver license or passport number. once your account has been verified, you will no longer be asked to provide id upon checkout while logged into your element vape account. due to the recent fda regulations placed last year, we are required by law to check a valid id in order to verify that you are of age in your state to purchase products from our website. https://www.fda.gov/tobaccoproducts/guidancecomplianceregulatoryinformation/retail/ucm205021.htm#ecig please note that we currently use veratad technologies age verification for all age verification screenings on our website. payment & promos i received a “gateway error” message when attempting to place my order, and a pending charge was posted to my account. did my order go through? if you received a “gateway error”, and did not receive an order confirmation email, this may be the result of a declined transaction. a “gateway error” indicates that the card used for purchase was declined. your card may have been declined due to an incorrect billing address entered at the time of checkout (including the name on the card). please note that the billing information must accurately match the information attached to the card, as any discrepancies will result in a failure to place an order. additionally, you may verify the billing information on file with your banking institution. if you see a pending charge on your account, it is important to note that this is not an actual charge. since the card was declined, we were unable to receive any payments from you. therefore, the pending charge is the result of the card issuer holding the funds from your account that were intended to be used for a purchase. the funds should become re-available to you within 2-3 business days (depending on the processing time of the card issuer). alternatively, you may contact your banking institution to inquire about expediting the process to release the funds back into your account. if you received a confirmation page with a provided order number and received a confirmation email or reward points email update, your order is confirmed and successfully placed. can i apply a coupon code after i have placed an order? unfortunately, we are unable to apply coupon codes to orders after they have been placed. please ensure to input your coupon code prior to purchase to be receive any available discounts. what will happen if an item in my order is found to be out-of-stock? in a rare case that an item that you purchased is found to be out of stock during the fulfillment process a member from our support team will contact you immediately to inquire about a possible substitution. please note that in certain circumstances, we reserve the right to issue a refund for an out of stock item and to ship out the rest of the contents of the order in an effort to minimize any further delays. alternatively, if the out of stock item greatly affects the rest of the order, we may issue a full refund for the order. do you offer any military discounts? unfortunately, we do not offer military discounts at this time. please feel free to visit our official coupons page for more information on currently active coupon codes: https://www.elementvape.com/coupons stock & product issues how long does it take to restock items? normally, popular items are restocked within 2 weeks. however, we do not guarantee that some items will be restocked on our website. are batteries included with starter kits and box mods? unfortunately, the majority of the devices on our website do not include batteries as several manufacturers do not include them with the devices. you may verify if the device you wish to purchase contains batteries by reviewing the product description on the corresponding product listing page. however we do offer a number of different brands and types of external batteries at a discounted price when purchased with a device. you can find the external battery add-on option on any listing for starter kits and box mods that require them. you can also browse through our catalog of batteries: https://www.elementvape.com/batteries general & technical issues do you offer phone support? unfortunately, we currently do not offer phone support at this time, as our most efficient method of communication to our customers is via email. our normal response time is between 24-48 business hours, excluding weekends and holidays. where are you located? we are currently located in los angeles, ca, and ship all packages from our facility. what are your hours of operation? our current hours of operation are from 9am - 4pm pst, monday - friday, excluding holidays. contact us have additional questions or comments? please make sure to read the common faqs above for the quickest answers to the most popular inqueries. we will respond to every email within 24 business hours in the order we received them, excluding weekends and holidays. our normal operation hours are from 9am to 4pm (pst) on monday-friday, excluding weekends and holidays. to avoid any delay or confusion, we ask that you reach out to us from the contact email provided on your order. at the moment, we currently do not offer phone support. by email (please include your full name, order number, email address on order - if applicable): for shipping speed or tracking information - please see the timetable above located under shipping & handling - "i just placed my order, when will it be shipped?" general information customerservice@elementvape.com defective items / returns & exchanges returns@elementvape.com need help? shipping & handling returns & exchanges payment options faq - contact us info about us age policy affiliates rewards program coupons follow us facebook instagram youtube twitter newsletter get special offers and find out what’s new in the store. sign up for the ev newsletter. sign up facebook twitter instagram pinterest not for sale for minors - products sold on this site may contain nicotine which is a highly addictive substance. california proposition 65 - warning: this product can expose you to chemicals including nicotine, which is known to the state of california to cause birth defects or other reproductive harm. for more information, go to proposition 65 warnings website. products sold on this site is intended for adult smokers. you must be of legal smoking age in your territory to purchase products. please consult your physician before use. e-juice on our site may contain propylene glycol and/or vegetable glycerin, nicotine and flavorings. our products may be poisonous if orally ingested. products sold by element vape are not smoking cessation products and have not been evaluated by the food and drug administration, nor are they intended to treat, prevent or cure any disease or condition. for their protection, please keep out of reach of children and pets. read our terms and conditions page before purchasing our products. use all products on this site at your own risk! terms and conditions privacy policy copyright © 2019 element vape. all rights reserved.