来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20231224165613/https://www.elementvape.com/privacy-policy/
================================================================================

privacy policy the store will not work correctly in the case when cookies are disabled. javascript seems to be disabled in your browser. for the best experience on our site, be sure to turn on javascript in your browser. warning: this product contains nicotine. nicotine is an addictive chemical. my account sign in compare create an accountcontact us skip to content skip to navigation toggle nav search your account 0 toggle search entire store here... advanced search search search new brands hardware smoktech voopoo geek vape innokin dovpo freemax lost mary suorin lost vape pax labs uwell vandy vape vaporesso yocan hidden hills ccell hellvape horizontech puffco view all brands e-liquids naked 100 pod juice finest e-liquid innevape bantam vape vapetasia sadboy e-liquid beard vape co. monster vape labs humble juice co. the mamasan 7 daze e-liquid skwezed ruthless vapor twist e-liquid juice head mad hatter juice gost vapor blvk view all brands uwellvoopoosmok geek vape starter kits view all starter kit view all box mods box mod kits pod systems vape pen kits squonk kits high power kits 150w+ clearance vape kits starter kit brands smoktech geek vape voopoo uwell vaporesso dovpo suorin snowwolf innokin lost vape freemax vaporesso voopoosmok uwell disposables view all disposables rechargeable disposables 5000+ puff disposables 10000+ puff disposables nicotine free disposables disposables bundle deals bogo disposables clearance disposables disposable brands pod juice snowwolf spaceman geek bar swft kros vape pillow talk dragbar sofi ijoy zovol pod juicepillow talkspacemanwoofr e-liquids all e-liquids nicotine salts e-liquid combo packs deal fruit flavors e-liquid dessert flavors e-liquid menthol flavors e-liquid tobacco flavors e-liquid tobacco free nicotine clearance e-liquids official retailer brands e-liquids brands naked 100 monster vape labs finest e-liquid 7 daze e-liquid pod juice matter hatter juice twist e-liquids ruthless vapor hi-drip e-liquid blvk e-liquid finest e-liquidpod juicemonster vape labstwist e-liquid tanks & rda all sub-ohm tanks view all rebuildables rda rta rdta squonk bf rdas disposable vape tanks clearance tanks clearance rebuildables tanks & rda brands horizon tech freemax uwell hellvape geek vape wotofo vandy vape damn vape aspire innokin smok geek vape uwell vandy vapehellvapefreemax hemp view all hemp delta-8 thc-p hhc thca cbd hemp disposables hemp cartridges pre-rolls & blunts 510 thread batteries gummies & edibles clearance hemp hemp brands hidden hills tre house torch stiiizy grdnt kalibloom delta extrax daywalker flying monkey iykyk astro eight cbdfx looper hidden hillstre housegrdntstiiizy vaporizers all vaporizers 510 thread batteries dry herb vaporizers concentrate vaporizers portable vaporizers pen vaporizers desktop vaporizers ego 510 vape pens vaporizers accessories alternatives brands pax labs yocan ccell leaf buddi dazzvape ooze hamilton devices dr. dabber vapmod lookah the kind pen yocanpax labshamilton devicespuffco glass all glass bongs & water pipes bubblers dab rigs glass hand pipes glass accessories device brands mj arsenal grav labs lookah ooze eyce stratus puffco tsunami premium santa cruz shredder mj arsenalpuffcograv labseyce accessories view all accessories replacement coils replacement pod cartridges batteries chargers replacement parts rebuildable materials rebuildable tools boro accessories performance wires drip tips nicotine pouches accessories brands coilology efest nitecore hohm tech wotofo vandy vape geek vape smok suorin nitecore hohm tech uwellefest menu new brands hardware smoktech voopoo geek vape innokin dovpo freemax lost mary suorin lost vape pax labs uwell vandy vape vaporesso yocan hidden hills ccell hellvape horizontech puffco view all brands e-liquids naked 100 pod juice finest e-liquid innevape bantam vape vapetasia sadboy e-liquid beard vape co. monster vape labs humble juice co. the mamasan 7 daze e-liquid skwezed ruthless vapor twist e-liquid juice head mad hatter juice gost vapor blvk view all brands uwellvoopoosmok geek vape starter kits view all starter kit view all box mods box mod kits pod systems vape pen kits squonk kits high power kits 150w+ clearance vape kits starter kit brands smoktech geek vape voopoo uwell vaporesso dovpo suorin snowwolf innokin lost vape freemax vaporesso voopoosmok uwell disposables view all disposables rechargeable disposables 5000+ puff disposables 10000+ puff disposables nicotine free disposables disposables bundle deals bogo disposables clearance disposables disposable brands pod juice snowwolf spaceman geek bar swft kros vape pillow talk dragbar sofi ijoy zovol pod juicepillow talkspacemanwoofr e-liquids all e-liquids nicotine salts e-liquid combo packs deal fruit flavors e-liquid dessert flavors e-liquid menthol flavors e-liquid tobacco flavors e-liquid tobacco free nicotine clearance e-liquids official retailer brands e-liquids brands naked 100 monster vape labs finest e-liquid 7 daze e-liquid pod juice matter hatter juice twist e-liquids ruthless vapor hi-drip e-liquid blvk e-liquid finest e-liquidpod juicemonster vape labstwist e-liquid tanks & rda all sub-ohm tanks view all rebuildables rda rta rdta squonk bf rdas disposable vape tanks clearance tanks clearance rebuildables tanks & rda brands horizon tech freemax uwell hellvape geek vape wotofo vandy vape damn vape aspire innokin smok geek vape uwell vandy vapehellvapefreemax hemp view all hemp delta-8 thc-p hhc thca cbd hemp disposables hemp cartridges pre-rolls & blunts 510 thread batteries gummies & edibles clearance hemp hemp brands hidden hills tre house torch stiiizy grdnt kalibloom delta extrax daywalker flying monkey iykyk astro eight cbdfx looper hidden hillstre housegrdntstiiizy vaporizers all vaporizers 510 thread batteries dry herb vaporizers concentrate vaporizers portable vaporizers pen vaporizers desktop vaporizers ego 510 vape pens vaporizers accessories alternatives brands pax labs yocan ccell leaf buddi dazzvape ooze hamilton devices dr. dabber vapmod lookah the kind pen yocanpax labshamilton devicespuffco glass all glass bongs & water pipes bubblers dab rigs glass hand pipes glass accessories device brands mj arsenal grav labs lookah ooze eyce stratus puffco tsunami premium santa cruz shredder mj arsenalpuffcograv labseyce accessories view all accessories replacement coils replacement pod cartridges batteries chargers replacement parts rebuildable materials rebuildable tools boro accessories performance wires drip tips nicotine pouches accessories brands coilology efest nitecore hohm tech wotofo vandy vape geek vape smok suorin nitecore hohm tech uwellefest account home privacy policy privacy policy age verification the products available on element vape are age-restricted and intended for adults of legal smoking age only. all orders placed on the website will be verified by an industry leading age verification software for validation. by entering our website, you affirm that you are of legal smoking age in your jurisdication and you agree to be age verified. what information do we collect? we collect information from you when you register on the site, place an order, enter a contest or sweepstakes, respond to a survey or communication such as e-mail, or participate in another site feature. when ordering or registering, we may ask you for your name, e-mail address, mailing address, phone number, credit card information or other information. you may, however, visit our site anonymously. we also collect information about gift recipients so that we can fulfill the gift purchase. the information we collect about gift recipients is not used for marketing purposes. like many websites, we use "cookies" to enhance your experience and gather information about visitors and visits to our websites. please refer to the "do we use 'cookies'?" section below for information about cookies and how we use them. how do we use your information? we may use the information we collect from you when you register, purchase products, enter a contest or promotion, respond to a survey or marketing communication, surf the website, or use certain other site features in the following ways: to personalize your site experience and to allow us to deliver the type of content and product offerings in which you are most interested. to allow us to better service you in responding to your customer service requests. to quickly process your transactions. to administer a contest, promotion, survey or other site feature. if you have opted-in to receive our e-mail newsletter, we may send you periodic e-mails. if you would no longer like to receive promotional e-mail from us, please refer to the "how can you opt-out, remove or modify information you have provided to us?" section below. if you have not opted-in to receive e-mail newsletters, you will not receive these e-mails. visitors who register or participate in other site features such as marketing programs and 'members-only' content will be given a choice whether they would like to be on our e-mail list and receive e-mail communications from us. how do we protect visitor information? we implement a variety of security measures to maintain the safety of your personal information. your personal information is contained behind secured networks and is only accessible by a limited number of persons who have special access rights to such systems, and are required to keep the information confidential. when you place orders or access your personal information, we offer the use of a secure server. all sensitive/credit information you supply is transmitted via secure socket layer (ssl) technology and then encrypted into our databases to be only accessed as stated above. do we use "cookies"? yes. cookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to your computer's hard drive through your web browser (if you allow) that enables the site's or service provider's systems to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain information. for instance, we use cookies to help us remember and process the items in your shopping cart. they are also used to help us understand your preferences based on previous or current site activity, which enables us to provide you with improved services. we also use cookies to help us compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interaction so that we can offer better site experiences and tools in the future. we may contract with third-party service providers to assist us in better understanding our site visitors. these service providers are not permitted to use the information collected on our behalf except to help us conduct and improve our business. you can choose to have your computer warn you each time a cookie is being sent, or you can choose to turn off all cookies. you do this through your browser (like netscape navigator or internet explorer) settings. each browser is a little different, so look at your browser help menu to learn the correct way to modify your cookies. if you turn cookies off, you won't have access to many features that make your site experience more efficient and some of our services will not function properly. however, you can still place orders over the telephone by contacting customer service. who we may share your information with we do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information unless we provide you with advance notice, except as described below. the term "outside parties" does not include elementvape.com. it also does not include website hosting partners and other parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or servicing you, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. we may also release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others' rights, property, or safety. however, non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses. how can you opt-out, remove or modify information you have provided to us? to modify your e-mail subscriptions, please let us know by modifying your preferences in the "my account" section. please note that due to email production schedules you may receive any emails already in production. please note: the products sold on element vape are highly regulated by various governing agencies. it may become necessary to share the information that we collect with such agencies to comply with laws, a judicial proceeding, court order, or other legal requests. to delete all of your online account information from our database, sign into the "my account" section and under ‘privacy settings’ you can submit a request to delete all of your account details element vape will review this request and delete your account and all other personnel information. incase element vape may also reach out to you, to make sure the request is genuine. please note that we may maintain information about an individual sales transaction in order to service that transaction and for record keeping. your california privacy policy if you reside in california, you have the right to ask us one time each year if we have shared personal information with third parties for their direct marketing purposes. to make a request, please send us an email at [email protected] or write to us at element vape, 300 w. valley blvd, unit 23, alhambra ca 91803. indicate in your email or letter that you are a california resident making a "california shine the light" inquiry. right of access of personal information element vape stores only data that is shared by the customer during registration and while placing orders. registered users can access their data stored by logging into their account. to download the stored data users will have to navigate to ‘account’ page and goto ‘privacy settings’. categories of personal information collected element vape has collected information under the below categories (as defined by ccpa act) over the past 12 months a. identifiers: a real name, shipping and billing addresses, email address and internet protocol address. for user’s who’s age is not verified by our third party agency, date of birth, last 4 digits of ssn and any government approved identity card (driving license, passport or any other govt id cards) data will be collected. b. inferences about personal preferences and attributes drawn from profiling: user’s preferences of products collected via cookies, will be used to provide better customer specific product visibility. sources of personal information collected element vape collects personal information only through its website www.elementvape.com and not through any other online or offline mode. purpose of collecting personal information we may use the information we collect from you when you register, purchase products, enter a contest or promotion, respond to a survey or marketing communication, surf the website, or use certain other site features in the following ways: to personalize your site experience and to allow us to deliver the type of content and product offerings in which you are most interested. to allow us to better service you in responding to your customer service requests. to quickly process your transactions. to administer a contest, promotion, survey or other site feature. if you have opted-in to receive our e-mail newsletter, we may send you periodic e-mails. if you would no longer like to receive promotional e-mail from us, please refer to the "how can you opt-out, remove or modify information you have provided to us?" section below. if you have not opted-in to receive e-mail newsletters, you will not receive these e-mails. visitors who register or participate in other site features such as marketing programs and 'members-only' content will be given a choice whether they would like to be on our e-mail list and receive e-mail communications from us. personal data disclosed for business purpose element vape engages trusted third parties to perform functions and services to us. only limited and required data needed to perform the particular function will be shared with the third party. these third parties also maintain the privacy and security of the personal information shared as per ccpa guidelines. element vape shares data in the below categories: a. auditing - advertising analytics b. security - protecting against fraud and malicious activity. c. debugging - identifying and fixing technical errors. d. performing services i. processing transactions. ii. order fulfillment. iii. age verification. iv. account maintenance. v. website hosting and database storage. do not sell my personal information element vape does not sell any customer data to any third party agency or vendors. element vape shares data with its logistic partner and age verification partner to facilitate order fulfillment alone. our logistic partner and age verification partner are ccpa compliant. to know more about our vendors ccpa compliance, please write to us at [email protected] . deletion of person data. to delete all of your online account information from our database, sign into the "my account" section and under ‘privacy settings’ you can submit a request to delete all of your account details element vape will review this request and delete your account and all other personnel information. incase element vape may also reach out to you, to make sure the request is genuine. please note that we may maintain information about an individual sales transaction where we are legally required to for record keeping or mandated request. data collection from children under the age of 13 element vape does not allow visitors who are below the legal smoking age (18+ or 21+ based on the jurisdiction) to visit the website. only after the visitor affirms that he/she is of legal smoking age are they allowed to browse or purchase form the website. hence no data of children under the age of 13 is collected in the website. elementvape ensures that your have the right to be free from unlawful discrimination for exercising your rights under the ccpa. nevada sb 220 element vape does not sell any covered information of the customer to any third party agency or vendors. element vape collectes the below ‘covered information’ (as defined by nevada senate bill 220) from the customers 1. physical address as shipping and billing address 2. email address 3. phone number to receive more details on our compliance with nevada sb 220 and usage of your personal information ,kindly email us or write to us at the address provided in the ‘questions and feedback’ section of this document. third party links in an attempt to provide you with increased value, we may include third party links on our site. these linked sites have separate and independent privacy policies. we therefore have no responsibility or liability for the content and activities of these linked sites. nonetheless, we seek to protect the integrity of our site and welcome any feedback about these linked sites (including if a specific link does not work). changes to our policy if we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page. policy changes will apply only to information collected after the date of the change. this policy was last modified on march 1, 2021. questions and feedback we welcome your questions, comments, and concerns about privacy. please send us any and all feedback pertaining to privacy, or any other issue. you may contact us through email at [email protected] or write to us at element vape, 300 w. valley blvd, unit 23, alhambra ca 91803 or via contact us form available at our website. online policy only this online privacy policy applies only to information collected through our website and not to information collected offline. terms and conditions please also visit our terms and conditions section establishing the use, disclaimers, and limitations of liability governing the use of our website. your consent by using our site, you consent to our privacy policy. newsletter get special offers and find out what’s new in the store. sign up for the ev newsletter. newsletter sign up for our newsletter: subscribe follow us instagram facebook twitter vimeo pinterest need help? contact us check order status do we ship to you - zip code check shipping & handling returns & exchange payment options help center info about us blog reviews coupons reward program age policy resources 2023 top 10 vape pod systems guide to bongs & water pipes exploring stiiizy hemp shop vape clearance not for sale for minors - products sold on this site may contain nicotine which is a highly addictive substance. california proposition 65 - warning: this product can expose you to chemicals including nicotine, which is known to the state of california to cause birth defects or other reproductive harm. for more information, go to proposition 65 warnings website. products sold on this site is intended for adult smokers. you must be of legal smoking age in your territory to purchase products. please consult your physician before use. e-juice on our site may contain propylene glycol and/or vegetable glycerin, nicotine and flavorings. our products may be poisonous if orally ingested. fda disclaimer: the statements made regarding these products have not been evaluated by the food and drug administration. the efficacy of these products has not been confirmed by fda-approved research. these products are not intended to diagnose, treat, cure or prevent any disease. all information presented here is not meant as a substitute for or alternative to information from health care practitioners. for their protection, please keep out of reach of children and pets. read our terms and conditions page before purchasing our products. use all products on this site at your own risk! copyright © 2023 element vape. all rights reserved. terms and conditions | privacy policy |accessibility |sitemap |california privacy |nevada privacy shall we send you a message when we have discounts available? remind me later allow thank you! please check your email inbox to confirm. oops! notifications are disabled. email password sign in forgot your password? new customer? start here. compare my orders contact us new brands hardware smoktech voopoo geek vape innokin dovpo freemax lost mary suorin lost vape pax labs uwell vandy vape vaporesso yocan hidden hills ccell hellvape horizontech puffco view all brands e-liquids naked 100 pod juice finest e-liquid innevape bantam vape vapetasia sadboy e-liquid beard vape co. monster vape labs humble juice co. the mamasan 7 daze e-liquid skwezed ruthless vapor twist e-liquid juice head mad hatter juice gost vapor blvk view all brands uwellvoopoosmok geek vape starter kits view all starter kit view all box mods box mod kits pod systems vape pen kits squonk kits high power kits 150w+ clearance vape kits starter kit brands smoktech geek vape voopoo uwell vaporesso dovpo suorin snowwolf innokin lost vape freemax vaporesso voopoosmok uwell disposables view all disposables rechargeable disposables 5000+ puff disposables 10000+ puff disposables nicotine free disposables disposables bundle deals bogo disposables clearance disposables disposable brands pod juice snowwolf spaceman geek bar swft kros vape pillow talk dragbar sofi ijoy zovol pod juicepillow talkspacemanwoofr e-liquids all e-liquids nicotine salts e-liquid combo packs deal fruit flavors e-liquid dessert flavors e-liquid menthol flavors e-liquid tobacco flavors e-liquid tobacco free nicotine clearance e-liquids official retailer brands e-liquids brands naked 100 monster vape labs finest e-liquid 7 daze e-liquid pod juice matter hatter juice twist e-liquids ruthless vapor hi-drip e-liquid blvk e-liquid finest e-liquidpod juicemonster vape labstwist e-liquid tanks & rda all sub-ohm tanks view all rebuildables rda rta rdta squonk bf rdas disposable vape tanks clearance tanks clearance rebuildables tanks & rda brands horizon tech freemax uwell hellvape geek vape wotofo vandy vape damn vape aspire innokin smok geek vape uwell vandy vapehellvapefreemax hemp view all hemp delta-8 thc-p hhc thca cbd hemp disposables hemp cartridges pre-rolls & blunts 510 thread batteries gummies & edibles clearance hemp hemp brands hidden hills tre house torch stiiizy grdnt kalibloom delta extrax daywalker flying monkey iykyk astro eight cbdfx looper hidden hillstre housegrdntstiiizy vaporizers all vaporizers 510 thread batteries dry herb vaporizers concentrate vaporizers portable vaporizers pen vaporizers desktop vaporizers ego 510 vape pens vaporizers accessories alternatives brands pax labs yocan ccell leaf buddi dazzvape ooze hamilton devices dr. dabber vapmod lookah the kind pen yocanpax labshamilton devicespuffco glass all glass bongs & water pipes bubblers dab rigs glass hand pipes glass accessories device brands mj arsenal grav labs lookah ooze eyce stratus puffco tsunami premium santa cruz shredder mj arsenalpuffcograv labseyce accessories view all accessories replacement coils replacement pod cartridges batteries chargers replacement parts rebuildable materials rebuildable tools boro accessories performance wires drip tips nicotine pouches accessories brands coilology efest nitecore hohm tech wotofo vandy vape geek vape smok suorin nitecore hohm tech uwellefest