来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20160422072641/https://www.800razors.com/terms-and-conditions
================================================================================

our terms and conditions | 800razors.com questions? call toll free 800-razors-5 free shipping on all orders! facebook twitter you tube goole plus pinterest menu products men women ultimate shave log in cart 0 your shopping cart is empty. close× call us 1 close× home terms and conditions terms and conditions terms and conditions the following terms and conditions ("terms of use") govern your use of the 800 razors website (the "site") and the materials or services ("service") accessible on or from the site. please read these terms of use carefully. by using the site, you accept and agree to be bound by the terms and conditions below. if you do not accept these terms and conditions, you may not access or use the site.1. copyrightthe content of the site, including the text, images, software, audio and video, as well as the compilation of the content (collectively referred to herein as "materials"), is the property of 800 razors and is protected by u.s. and international copyright laws. neither the site nor the materials may be modified, reproduced, distributed, transmitted, publicly displayed, performed, or otherwise used, in whole or in part, without the prior written consent of 800 razors, except that you may download materials on any single computer for your personal, noncommercial use only, provided that you keep intact all copyright and other proprietary notices. 2. information800 razors is committed to providing complete, current and accurate information on our websites, email, chat, and telephone communications. we do not, however, warrant that this information is always correct, accurate or complete. in rare circumstances, system and typographical errors may occur. we reserve the right to correct any and all errors when they do occur. we do not honor prices listed in error. if an order is placed with a lower product's listed price than the actual price, we will advise the customer before shipping or cancel the order and notify the customer. information that we communicate is not a contract, and should not be treated as such. the sole remedy of a customer acting on incorrect information is to request a cancellation of the order placed as a result of this incorrect information. if an order has been shipped, the customer agrees to return the product for full credit or pay the difference between the actual and charged prices. please review our return policies. 3. registrationas a condition to using certain aspects of the service, you may be required to register (or sign-in) with us and select a password to login with using your email address. you shall provide us with accurate, complete and updated registration information. failure to do so shall constitute a breach of these terms, which may result in immediate termination of your account. you shall not (i) select or use as an email address as name of another person with the intent to impersonate that person; (ii) use as an email address subject to any rights of a person other than you without appropriate authorization; or (iii) use as an email address that is otherwise offensive, vulgar or obscene. we reserve the right to refuse registration of, or cancel an account in our sole discretion. you are solely responsible for activity that occurs on your account and shall be responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your password. you will immediately notify us in writing of any unauthorized use of your account, or other account related security breach of which you are aware. 4. secure shopping800 razors is dedicated to protecting your personal data and to make your shopping experience safe and secure. 800 razors uses a combination of industry-standard security and encryption technologies, processes and organizational procedures to keep your data from being accessed by unauthorized parties. we protect sensitive data (e.g. credit card information) at the time of entry using secure sockets layer (ssl) encryption. we require validating information when you forget your password and we store your password on our servers in a non-human-readable form. we require that you enter the credit verification value (cvv) along with your credit card number at checkout. this cvv and your credit card numbers are never stored on our servers and must be entered with each purchase to protect you against fraud. all payments are processed on pages securely hosted by paypal. 5. paymentwe accept major credit cards and payment via paypal. credit cards and paypal require us to ship to your registered address. it is usually your billing address unless you have added an additional shipping address registered to your account. we verify your address before shipping. we also accept wire transfers. once a wire transfer has been received, we can ship the paid item to specified address. customers from outside the usa can pay by international credit card or bank wire transfer and must pay in us dollars. any insurance and custom import duty incurred with the purchase is the sole responsibility of the customer. please call or email to make arrangements. 6. sales taxlocal sales taxes, if applicable, will be added to your order. 7. free shipping 800razors.com offers free shipping on all domestic orders placed on our website, with no minimum order sizes or special exceptions. we understand that getting your items quickly is important to you, so we make every effort to process your order quickly. when you order from our website, you can expect to receive your order within 4-5 business days. 8. burn-free guarantee 800razors.com purchases come with our signature burn-free guarantee that states, “if you feel burned (for any reason) we will give you a full refund.” stated differently, if you are not 100% satisfied with your purchase, you can return your order to our warehouse for a full refund.you can return your purchase for up to 60 days from the purchase date. just ship the package back to us.before returning any product, please email our customer service department at returns@800razors.com for a return authorization (ra) number. include your name, email address and order # in the email.once your email is received (usually within 72 hours of receipt), you will be contacted with an ra number and steps on how to return the product or receive your refund. as part of our return policy, all returns will need to be received and processed by our warehouse within 60 days of purchase. 9. linksthe site may contain links to other websites operated by third parties. 800 razors is not responsible for the content or the privacy practices of those third party websites. 800 razors makes no warranty or representation regarding, and accepts no responsibility for, the quality, content, nature or reliability of third-party websites or services accessible by hyperlink from the site. 800 razors provides these links for your convenience only and 800 razors does not control such websites. 800 razors' inclusion of links to such websites does not imply any endorsement of the materials on such third party websites or any association with their operators. it is your responsibility to review the privacy policies and terms of use of any other website you visit. 10. subscription orders/recurring payments800razors.com does not automatically set a customer up on a periodic subscription. only if the customer chooses that option will they be set up on a periodic billing and shipment. monthly subscriptions will automatically renew each month. quarterly and annual subscriptions will automatically renew in the first month of the next subscription period or year. cancel at any time by logging in and editing your "subscriptions" in "account preferences" under "my account" on 800razors.com. email us at contact@800razors.com to cancel via email, or call us if you would like any assistance at 800-729-6775 in cancelling. 11. disclaimer of warrantiesthe site and the materials contained herein are provided by 800 razors on an "as is" and "as available" basis. 800 razors makes no warranties of any kind, either express or implied, as to the operation of this site or the information, content, materials, products or services included on this site. you expressly agree that your use of the site is at your sole risk and responsibility. to the maximum extent permitted by law, 800 razors disclaims all warranties, express or implied, including, but not limited to, implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, title, and non-infringement. 800 razors does not represent or warrant that materials in the site are accurate, complete, reliable, current, subject to correction, or error-free or that the site, its servers, or materials available for download from the site are free of viruses or other harmful components. because some jurisdictions may not allow the exclusion of implied warranties, the above exclusion may not apply to you. 11. limitation of liabilityin no event shall 800 razors or any other party involved in creating, producing, or delivering the site be liable for any direct, indirect, incidental, special, punitive, or consequential damages or other damages whatsoever (including, without limitation, damages for loss of profits, business interruption, loss of information or data, or other pecuniary loss) or for any third party claims arising out of access to, use of, or inability to use the site or any other services accessed through the site, or with respect to the information, services, or content contained on or otherwise accessed through the site, whether based on warranty, contract, tort (including negligence) or any other legal theory, and whether or not 800 razors was advised of the possibility of such damages. 800 razors' total cumulative liability for any and all claims arising out of the use of the site, whether in contract or tort or otherwise, shall not exceed $50. because some jurisdictions do not allow the exclusion or limitation of liability for consequential or incidental damages, the above limitation may not apply to you. 12. changes to site800 razor reserves the right at any time and from time to time to modify or discontinue, temporarily or permanently, the site (or any part thereof) with or without notice. you agree that 800 razor will not be liable to you or to any third party for any modification, suspension, or discontinuance of the site. 13. changes to terms of use800 razor reserves the right to change or modify without notice any of the terms of use at any time and in its sole discretion. if the agreement is changed, we will post the new terms on the site. any changes or modifications will be effective upon posting of the new terms of use on the site as revised. your access to and use of the site following the posting of such changes or modifications will constitute your acceptance of the terms of use as revised. 14. applicable law and jurisdictionthis agreement shall be governed by the laws of the state of maryland, without giving effect to any principles of conflicts of laws. the parties agree that the uniform computer information transaction act (or any statutory implementation of it) and the united nations convention on the international sale of goods will not apply with respect to this agreement or the parties' relationship. the parties hereby consent to the exclusive jurisdiction of and venue in the federal and/or state courts located in baltimore county, maryland, for all claims arising out of or relating to this agreement. 15. general provisionsyou shall comply with all applicable laws and regulations, including u.s. export laws. the terms and conditions set forth herein constitute the entire agreement between you and 800 razor. the waiver by one party of any default of the other party shall not waive subsequent defaults of the same or different kind. if for any reason a court of competent jurisdiction finds any provision of this agreement, or portion thereof, to be unenforceable, that provision of the agreement will be enforced to the maximum extent permissible so as to affect the intent of the parties, and the remainder of this agreement will continue in full force and effect. recent blog posts a brief history of shaving. 8 ways men's grooming has evolved over 100 years shaving through the ages 4 steps to get your skin ready for spring top 5 reasons the ultimate swimmer uses the ultimate razor contact us email: contact@800razors.com phone: 800-razors-5 facebook twitter youtube pinterest google + important links frequently asked questions our story burn-free guarantee terms and conditions press@800razors.com fan page blog copyright © 2016 800razors, llc. all rights reserved. the burn-free guarantee is a trademark of 800razors, llc. certification authorities electronic commerce