来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20131217031053/http://www.factorybunkbeds.com/
================================================================================

bunk beds for sale - choose from the best | factory bunk beds javascript seem to be disabled in your browser.you must have javascript enabled in your browser to utilize the functionality of this website. always earn 3% factory cash with a free account! learn more. shop smarter.tm factory bunk beds questions? 1-800-906-bunk (2865) search beds by category bunk beds bunk beds with stairs loft beds captains beds desk beds day beds trundle beds bookcase beds convertible beds youth beds matching accessories dressers dresser mirrors chests desks nightstands tv stands bookshelves chairs trundles under bed storage bed mattresses touch up kits mattress covers serta pillows clearance sale ends wednesday! bed packages! browse all clearance! buy 2 beds sale holiday specials! (hurry, while supplies last!) bunk beds for sale at factorybunkbeds.com tweet video spotlight winter 2013! discovery world furniture merlot staircase mission bunk bed twin/twin $749.00 free membership?coupon codes, latest styles, discounts on top brands. about 5 seconds to start. out of town till the weekend? need help carrying your new bed upstairs?see our top rated products discovery world furniture merlot bookcase day bed twin 26% savings! discovery world furniture queen mattress cover 27% savings! discovery world furniture explorer ginger 4 drawer chest 42% savings! discovery world furniture merlot 1 drawer nightstand 51% savings! discovery world furniture honey twin rake bed 17% savings! powell z-bedroom full size study loft bunk bed (ships in 2 cartons) 24% savings! merlot mirror 27% savings! discovery world furniture honey convertible bed twin over twin 30% savings! discovery world furniture honey convertible bed twin over desk 36% savings! discovery world furniture - honey mission staircase bunk bed twin/full 35% savings! serta - reedley firm perfect sleeper mattress phone orders only!! 32% savings! discovery world furniture honey chair 26% savings! powell - heavy metal black full over full bunk bed 15% savings! powell white twin/twin bunk bed (ships in 2 cartons) 47% savings! discovery world furniture honey 1 drawer nightstand 41% savings! bunk beds galore! factory bunk beds may be known for their ultra-fine selection of bunk beds, but in fact, we offer so much more than just bunk beds. browsing through the website you’ll see a wide variety of bedroom furniture accessories such as children and adult beds, dressers, mirrors, nightstands, desks, chairs and so much more.benefits our incredible selection of bunk beds and bedroom furniture is built with you and your family’s needs in mind. when purchasing something as important as a bed you need to have the peace of mind knowing that it is comfortable, durable, and offers you the luxury of a good night’s sleep. look no further than the industry’s best selection of high-quality furniture. each bed is hand-crafted using the finest materials available, ensuring you’re buying a product that will last for years to come. you can rest easy knowing you’re buying a bedding product that is as safe as possible for your children as they play on the beds with other siblings and friends.bunk beds for kids it’s no secret that bunk beds are among the coolest beds a child can have growing up. having sleepovers with friends, playing with siblings in the bedroom, the opportunities are endless when it comes to enjoyment for kid’s bunk beds. with safety-rich features such as ladders or bunk beds with stairs, factorybunkbeds.com has what you need to select the very best decor for your child’s bedroom. need a bed with extra storage space or one with another pull-out bed included? no problem. factory bunk beds has you covered and has an even wider selection of matching accessory furniture to suit your needs!ease of shopping online our company goes to great lengths to make it as easy as possible for you to shop on our online store. starting on the home page you can see the product selection under beds by category and matching accessories, as well as our special wednesday clearance sale and buy 2 beds sale. as always, we believe that the best products are supported by even better customer service. with our easy-to-use live chat feature in the bottom left-hand corner and our support staff eager to help you with any questions you may have, we are always just a click or phone call away.setting the standard for customer service we take great pride in the stunning beauty and quality of our products, but we also take great pride in taking care of our customers and helping them at every stage in the buying process. with innovative customer service that is second to none, our team ensures each customer receives their product in a timely manner and that they were satisfied upon receiving the delivery of their products. our customer support team ensures that you are happy and satisfied with your purchase, as that’s what we are in the business of doing: satisfying our customers. we also provide detailed instruction manuals and additional tips to help customers get the very most out of their new bed or furniture item.shop smarter ™ with big savings factory bunk beds works tirelessly with our vendors to provide you with the very best prices possible. shop from us and you’ll know you’re getting the rock-bottom prices you deserve. we cut out the middleman and deliver the products straight to your doorstep! we offer free shipping on most orders, no sales tax collected except for florida, and 3% factory cash rewards on all purchases. factory cash rewards is like cash that you can use toward future purchases, saving you even more money. nope, this is not too good to be true. you’re just in good hands when shopping with factory bunk beds. with amazing bunk beds and furniture accessories, stellar customer support and incredible savings, factory bunk beds is your best source for everything furniture. free shippingwe offer free shipping on orders over $349 - saving you even more money on your order, and if your order is under $349, shipping is just $99. you'll be amazed at how many accessories you can get at no extra cost per item.shipping to canadayes! we offer shipments to canada. canadian shipments do have an additional shipping charge for the extra distance, and buyers are responsible for any duties and brokerage fees at the border. however, most of the time the savings still add up significantly compared to other retailers. simply call in if you'd like a quote on your specific order.no middle menwhen you order from factorybunkbeds.com, you're ordering from experts who understand your specific decor and space needs. your order is put together right here - on the spot - and ships directly from the factory.you get exactly what you ordered, and because it comes directly from the manufacturer, you know you're getting it at the absolute lowest price possible. we don't sell poorly made bunks. we are the most inexpensive retailer online with the best quality beds made from real brazilian pine wood! bunk beds are what we do. we research, we stay current on the hottest styles and designs, and we set the standard for safety. read more about our safety certifications.from the moment we wake up - we're thinking about how well your family is going to sleep.factory cash rewards programyou are shopping for a bunk bed right now, but our rewards program goes far beyond that with the factory cash program. this is real cash that can be used to buy any of the thousands of products listed throughout our factory estores. did you know we sell bedroom furniture other than bunks and we also sell furnishings for every room in the house and the space outside? from light fixtures to outdoor sheds, we've got you covered. all of this for the best prices online guaranteed. so why not earn when you purchase, share and participate with factory? start an account now so you can begin earning rewards. please read more about factory cash rewards and view all of the estores available for you to shop, save and earn at. discover why others consistently return to the factory every time.volume buyerswe stock thousands deep at a time which means when someone needs a lot of beds, they call the factory. we can ship large orders quickly, efficiently, and at the best volume discounts in the industry. universities, camps, hotels and motels, and even disaster relief organizations have purchased thousands of beds from us saving thousands of dollars and getting them when they need them.request a quotewhy buy from usdon't take our word for it - you can read some of our customer testimonials, or read about 5 more reasons to buy. also, look for products on our site that have individual reviews from some of the customers who've purchased them.bunk bedsour beds are solid wood and are made from 100% brazilian pine. each bunk can hold up to 400lbs of distributed weight and abide or exceed all safety regulations. quite simply put, we have the best product on the market.loft bedswe offer many solid wood loft beds in a multitude of finishes. we even carry the popular all-in-one loft bed and l shaped loft beds. these type of units are easily converted to desk beds with the purchase of additional accessories that you can get right on this site!bunk beds with stairsour most popular model of bed right now is our staircase bunk. these beds provide a safe way for climbing to the top bunk, add extra storage spaces, and allow mom and dad to easily say goodnight.bookcase captains beds our captains beds also have a bookshelf headboard and are also known as bookcase beds. these are functional units which come in either twin or full size and come with either 6 drawers, 12 drawers, or 3 drawers with a pull out twin trundle.day bedsour real wood day beds are a classic addition to your home or bedroom. ours offer unique storage under the bed or the option of a pull out twin trundle bed and come in multiple wood finishes.trundle beds many of our beds have trundle bed options which contain a hide-away twin size bed. this extra sleeping space is convenient for sleep overs and tucks nicely away for when guests leave.matching bedroom furniturewe have built a custom variety of bedroom accessories to match the unique finishes of our beds. nightstands, bookshelves, tv stands and entertainment consoles, dressers, chests, and desks are all available in several finishes. downloadable instruction manuals why factory bunk bedsabout factory bunk bedsmanuals & customer serviceshipping & privacy infobunk bed reviews & testimonialsdon't take our word for it, hear what our customers have to say about their bunk beds from factory bunk beds.read testimonialsfree shipping!all orders $349 and up receive free shipping for orders under $349 shipping is just $99. select brands also qualify for free shipping.free shipping terms volume buyerswe stock and house thousands deep on every product. that means we can handle, and provide large discounts for volume buyers. bunk beds for universities, camps, hotels and even disaster relief.get a quote factory cash rewardsfind out how others are earning when they spend at the factory.factory cash rewardswho are we?factory bunk beds is the number one online bunk bed retailer in the business!about factory bunk beds earn as an affiliategot web skills? join the factory bunk beds family and make a commission as an affiliate! some of our affiliates earn thousands monthly. believe it!clixgalorestay in touchkeep in touch with factory bunk beds on our social networks and find out about give-aways and new products.follow us on twitterconnect on facebook get in touchwe're always happy to hear from our customers and we are committed to getting back to you quickly. we mean it.send us a messagecall us at 1-800-906-bunk(2865)instruction manualslost a manual? didn't find it in the box? download a pdf version of the instructions so you can assemble your bed, or so you can see how easy our beds are to assemble.assembly instructions3 things you didn't knowjust a few fun facts you may or may not have known about bunk beds. remember yours as a kid?read more... customer supportwe believe our customer support is just as important as our product!contact usfrequently asked questionscustomer support pageget live helphave some questions? we're here to help! the easiest and fastest way to get personal help is to simply call.1-800-906-bunk (2865)5 reasons to buy here:high standardsexperience and knowledge safety first professional supporthuge package. tiny price.privacy policiesto better protect your privacy and intellectual property, as well as those of others, we provide these notices:copyright policyprivacy policyshipping, refunds and warrantiesplease read these sections carefully because they contain information on doing business with us.shipping information refund policywarrantyquestions?don't hesitate to get in touch with us with any questions, comments, or concerns. we'll get back to you quickly. promise.send us a messagecall us - 1-800-906-bunk (2865)site mapsearch termsadvanced searchorders and returnscontact usrssrequest rma 2010-2013 factoryestores llc. back to top loading... login my account my orders my wishlist my reviews my subscriptions 0 cart you have no items in your shopping cart. shop other categoriesbedroomsbunkbedscarpets & rugsdining roomsliving roomsoutdoor shedspatio furnitureplaygroundsplayhouses