来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20131217031053/http://www.factorybunkbeds.com/limited-lifetime-warranty/
================================================================================

bunk bed warranty - discovery world furniture bunk beds | factory bunk beds javascript seem to be disabled in your browser.you must have javascript enabled in your browser to utilize the functionality of this website. always earn 3% factory cash with a free account! learn more. shop smarter.tm factory bunk beds questions? 1-800-906-bunk (2865) search beds by category bunk beds bunk beds with stairs loft beds captains beds desk beds day beds trundle beds bookcase beds convertible beds youth beds matching accessories dressers dresser mirrors chests desks nightstands tv stands bookshelves chairs trundles under bed storage bed mattresses touch up kits mattress covers serta pillows clearance sale ends wednesday! bed packages! browse all clearance! buy 2 beds sale home bunk bed warranty - discovery world furniture bunk bedsbunk bed limited lifetime warrantymanufacturer warranties powelllimited one year warrantythe l. powell acquisition company warrants to the consumer who makes the original purchase of its products, that it is free from defects in workmanship, material and construction for one year from the date of purchase. in the event that a defect is found, powell company will either replace components of the item (parts), replace the item, substitute a different item, or offer a fair resolution. powell will make the decision of which course of action is the best remedy for the consumer. the original sales receipt showing purchase date and terms of sale is required for any warranty claims. this warranty is not transferable. this warranty applies under conditions of normal residential/household use and reasonable use. it does not apply to defects that result from negligence, misuse, abuse, acts of god, accidents, or commercial use, discoloration from light, abnormal wear and tear, fading, damages caused by chemicals or caused by freight handling and/or transportation. fine hairline cracks are part of the normal aging process of wood veneers and are not defects covered by this warranty. glass and mirrors are not covered under this warranty. claims: if purchased on line, the claim must be presented to the internet store from which the item was purchased, along with dated proof of purchase. the internet store will contact an authorized powell representative to initiate a resolution as soon as practical. all other claims against this warranty should be submitted to l powell acquisition company customer service by calling 1-800-622-4456, or by e-mailing: customerservice@powellcompany.com, or by sending a fax to: 310-837-6223. no action can be taken until the claim is reviewed for disposition by an authorized powell representative, and a proof of purchase is received for the product. photographs are often required to assist in ascertaining the best remedy. no returns are accepted without prior authorization by the powell company. this warranty is in lieu of all other warranties, express or implied, including the implied warranties of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose. powell company will not be liable for any special, incidental, consequential, or indirect damages, even if it has reason to know in advance that they are possible. this warranty gives you specific legal rights, and you may have other rights that vary from state to state. some states do not allow the exclusion of implied warranties or the limitation of damages, so the above exclusions and limitations may not apply to you. in the event the warranty exclusions do not apply to you, then, where legally permissible, such implied warranties are limited in duration to the stated warranty period and no warranties apply after that period. in circumstances in which the warranty provided herein does not apply, the products involved are, where legally permissible, still subject to the above disclaimer of implied warranties and the above limitation of damages. powell company does not authorize anyone, including its dealers, to create for it any other warranty, obligations, or liability in connection with this product. hillsdale 1.	hillsdale furniture, llc (hdf) product is warranted to the original purchaser to be free of defects in workmanship or material for a period of one (1) year from the date of purchase. hdf will, at its option during this warranty period repair or replace any such defective component without charge, but hdf will not pay for transportation, shipping, and handling costs. 2.	this warranty does not cover the fabric of the seat cushions nor any mattress springs, rails, frames, supports, or any other accessories or parts of the hdf product. this warranty does not cover any damage or loss related to (a) improper use, care, assembly or service: (b) transportation, shipping or handling: (c) institutional or commercial use, or (d) negligence, alteration or unauthorized repair. this warranty extends only to the original retail purchaser, and the warranty may not be assigned to or transferred to another. this warranty only applies to residential use of the product. this warranty does not cover commercial use of the product. 3.	in order to make a claim under this warranty, the original retail purchaser must promptly (a) return the warranty item and the original purchase receipt for inspection to the retail seller where the hdf product was originally purchased, or (b) send written notice, the original purchase receipt and a copy of the warranty to the hdf warranty department. the notice must describe the item and the claimed defect. hdf will send authorization to ship the item prepaid to hdf within 90- days of such authorization. if hdf determines that the claim is valid. hdf will either repair or replace the product. 4.	any claim under this warranty must be made before the original warranty period expires. any replacement item is covered by this limited warranty until original warranty period expires. 5.	this warranty is exclusive and in lieu of all other expressed warranties whether oral or written. no employee or agent of hdf nor any other person has the authority to modify this warranty. any implied warranties, including the implied warranty of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose, shall be limited to the express warranty set forth herein. hdf disclaims liability for all special incidental and consequential damages. 6.	some states do not allow limitations on how long an implied warranty lasts so the limitation of #5 may not apply to you. some states do not allow the exclusion or limitation of special incidental or consequential damages, so the above limitations may not apply to you. this warranty gives you specific legal rights and you may have others rights.  discovery world furniturediscovery world furniture will replace any component part free of charge for 1 full year via ups freight collect. in addition, discovery world furniture will replace any component part for 50% of the then prevailing retail price plus freight for the lifetime of the product. continue shopping back to top compare products you have no items to compare.why factory bunk bedsabout factory bunk bedsmanuals & customer serviceshipping & privacy infobunk bed reviews & testimonialsdon't take our word for it, hear what our customers have to say about their bunk beds from factory bunk beds.read testimonialsfree shipping!all orders $349 and up receive free shipping for orders under $349 shipping is just $99. select brands also qualify for free shipping.free shipping terms volume buyerswe stock and house thousands deep on every product. that means we can handle, and provide large discounts for volume buyers. bunk beds for universities, camps, hotels and even disaster relief.get a quote factory cash rewardsfind out how others are earning when they spend at the factory.factory cash rewardswho are we?factory bunk beds is the number one online bunk bed retailer in the business!about factory bunk beds earn as an affiliategot web skills? join the factory bunk beds family and make a commission as an affiliate! some of our affiliates earn thousands monthly. believe it!clixgalorestay in touchkeep in touch with factory bunk beds on our social networks and find out about give-aways and new products.follow us on twitterconnect on facebook get in touchwe're always happy to hear from our customers and we are committed to getting back to you quickly. we mean it.send us a messagecall us at 1-800-906-bunk(2865)instruction manualslost a manual? didn't find it in the box? download a pdf version of the instructions so you can assemble your bed, or so you can see how easy our beds are to assemble.assembly instructions3 things you didn't knowjust a few fun facts you may or may not have known about bunk beds. remember yours as a kid?read more... customer supportwe believe our customer support is just as important as our product!contact usfrequently asked questionscustomer support pageget live helphave some questions? we're here to help! the easiest and fastest way to get personal help is to simply call.1-800-906-bunk (2865)5 reasons to buy here:high standardsexperience and knowledge safety first professional supporthuge package. tiny price.privacy policiesto better protect your privacy and intellectual property, as well as those of others, we provide these notices:copyright policyprivacy policyshipping, refunds and warrantiesplease read these sections carefully because they contain information on doing business with us.shipping information refund policywarrantyquestions?don't hesitate to get in touch with us with any questions, comments, or concerns. we'll get back to you quickly. promise.send us a messagecall us - 1-800-906-bunk (2865)site mapsearch termsadvanced searchorders and returnscontact usrssrequest rma 2010-2013 factoryestores llc. back to top loading... login my account my orders my wishlist my reviews my subscriptions 0 cart you have no items in your shopping cart. shop other categoriesbedroomsbunkbedscarpets & rugsdining roomsliving roomsoutdoor shedspatio furnitureplaygroundsplayhouses