来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20141219232707/http://www.factorybunkbeds.com/bunk-bed-reviews-testimonials/
================================================================================

bunk bed reviews & testimonials from factory bunk beds | factory bunk beds javascript seem to be disabled in your browser.you must have javascript enabled in your browser to utilize the functionality of this website. always earn 3% factory cash with a free account! learn more. shop smarter.tm factory bunk beds questions? 1-800-906-bunk (2865) search beds by category bunk beds bunk beds with stairs loft beds captains beds desk beds day beds trundle beds bookcase beds convertible beds youth beds matching accessories dressers dresser mirrors chests desks nightstands tv stands bookshelves chairs trundles under bed storage bed mattresses touch up kits mattress covers serta pillows clearance sale ends wednesday! bed packages! browse all clearance! buy 2 beds sale home bunk bed reviews & testimonials from factory bunk bedsbunk bed customer testimonialsthank you to all our loyal customers! our most recent testimonial "i ordered the merlot bunkbed, a book shelf, and a dresser. i am very pleased with the look, i cannot speak on the durability just yet because we've only had it for a lttle over a month. the price was awesome, 928.00 for all three items. i shopped around and everywhere else was 1000.00 or more for less. delivery was free. i would purchase from factory bunkbeds again. this company gets 5 stars from me. my children love the bunkbeds. tabitha from baltimore, maryland. thanks"past testimonials you should so buy this product it is the collest thing a chiled could ever have so easy to have 3 friends sleep over at onece because it has 3 beds built in!!!! so cool you should buy it!!!! such a great christmas gift!!!!!!! i would like to take this opportunity to express our gratitude for the outstanding service we have received from drew. we have made some significant purchases in the last few months, and he has been extremely helpful, courteous and willing to go the extra mile to ensure we were taken care of. honor, integrity and great service are very difficult to come by these days, and when a company truly values their customers it demonstrates character and instills trust. i will not hesitate to do business with you in the future, and tell all my friends and associates how wonderful you are and how happy we are with your product. drew is largely responsible for that relationship. you are blessed to have him representing you. - amy gurski "just wanted to let you know, i received the captains bed yesterday, set it up last night and had a hard time getting my son up this morning! we love it. it looks great in his room, the entire transaction was perfect. i look forward to doing business with you again in the future! thank you so much for offering a great product, the communication you had with me and a quick and easy delivery! i'll spread the word!!! kim grannis" "this was perhaps the best transaction i've ever had on ebay. i had to call him after placing the order to change to another item. it was as though i was calling a business in my home town and he answered the business phone after 7:00pm. he was very nice on the phone, changed the order, did not complain that the new item was for less money and quickly credited my paypal account the $127.00 difference. i cannot believe the quality of this bed and i'm a woodworker. i couldn't have built it for the same amount of money and it would have taken me forever to build. my son is so happy to have it. it really is incredible that it cost so little. i cannot say enough about this deal. it was awesome! if you have even a remotely close experience with this dealer, you will be happy. - antigravity4me" "the wood is beautiful. the desk and bureau arrived pre-assembled. impressive furniture made completely with real wood. we are delighted." "excellent seller. product as described." "shipped quickly and no problems with items." "seller was a pleasure to work with." "bed is as described. i'm extremely happy." "the bed actually arrived in 3 days. i was impressed! it was larger than i anticipated, but my daughter loves it!!" "communication was a+ from this vendor. it was a pleasure dealing with scott. he answered my many questions promptly and concisely. would recommend others to check out these bunkbeds, for the price, you won't find anything else out there shipped directly to your door with the same quality and for so cheap! " "arrived early by semi-truck (be ready for that if you live on a small street), delivery man was courteous. product was packed tightly on a pallet. the beds went together easily, took about 2 hours once i began actual assembly. the beds are not hardwood, but are still sturdy. the color is great. i would again. four out of five because the wood is not hardwood." "very impressive shipping - above and beyond with delivery. product was as described and even better! most pieces were already put together (desk and dresser) and the bed and chair were not that hard at all. i had ordered 1 set for each boy's bedroom (total of 2 sets) and both were set up within 3 hours! i'd order again, but with this good quality, i'll never need to~~very pleased!" "excellent customer service!" "was good, would buy from again." "i needed to contact the seller regarding my order and how it was being shipped. they emailed me right away and followed up with a phone call with me. i was very pleased and everything was just what i ordered." "the quality of furniture exceeded our expectations." "would order from again staff are polite and know their products." "i contacted the seller with questions and they were very responsive. the beds shipped in 2 days and were at my house in another 2 days. best of all, the beds are great and my children are thrilled!" "one box and product was damaged through shipping and the seller was very nice and prompt to resend the damaged part. would recommend to everyone. the beds are great my children love them and they were fairly easy to assemble." "great packaging - great bed!" "fast, smooth, excellent communication as to what to expect/ delivery date, incl. clear instruction how to go about receiving/ checking all boxes, etc." "item was exactly as described or possible better. shipping was late, order was over the holidays, and i contacted the vendor. they responded quickly by both e-mail and phone call. they resolved this to my total satisfaction. i will buy from this vendor again, probably within the next couple of weeks." "thanks!" "great!" "this is a nice bunkbed set for small children. the color is great and it matches closely to the other furniture in the kids room. also, the bunkbeds are safe especially when wood glue is used for the head and foot boards. and finally, the trundle is great. my youngest child sleeps on it. i like the discrete design at the bottom. no one notices there is a trundle when pushed in." "great value. grandkids love the bed, and my daughter and son in-law love the safety of the stairway thus eliminating the ladder, and what kid's room can't use some extra storage? beds arrived in excellent condition, and made a fun family project to build it. thank you so much! - janit cranis " "this furniture is awesome! excellent quality and easy to assemble. we had a slight snafu with the shipping carrier but they pulled off a miracle and got the shipment to us just in time for christmas! everyone went the extra mile for us and we are super grateful." "the shipping company made an error, and scott helped me track the shipment. he did an excellent job following up with me promptly with any questions i had. he called me and even gave me his cell phone number. we are very happy with the bunk bed we purchased. very sturdy and a very good quality product. easy ordering and it's great to not pay any shipping or tax charges!" "super fast shipping.""we are happy with the result. good solid study bed made of soild wood (except the secondary wood for the drawers). nice product for the money. items were well packaged and protected for shipping. the pallet was packed with several smaller easy to manage boxes. assembly took about 2 hrs from breakdown, moving into house and setup. easy instructions. i will recommend the company and the bed to friends. thanks""over all a great purchase! we were very happy with the quality of the bed when it arrived just one week after we ordered it. to resolve the problems (there were scratches to various pieces) with the furniture. this turn around time was definately a problem for us. the company did agree to replace parts, send us a touch up pen for the scratches and give us a 50 credit. lastly, whomever put on the site that it took 1 1/2 hours to fully assemble the bed (including unpacking the boxes) must either be a carpenter by trade or work for the manufacturing company. the woman who said she assembled the bed herself with help from her husband with the top bunk really must be kidding. there is no way one person could assemble this bed - no way at all! it took 1 hr just to take the pieces out of the boxes and properly inspect the furniture. it took both my husband and brother (who is very good at assembling furniture) over 3 1/2 hours to assemble the furniture and due to the very poor directions, they had to re-do a few pieces. another really good bit of advice - especially for those of you like me who have never purchased bunk beds - make certain you buy no thicker than a 6" mattress for the top. i purchased an 11" memory foam mattress for both the top and bottom beds and you can not use anything thicker than a 6" mattress for the top or the child will easily roll over the top rail when sleeping. this did not occur to me at all. note: see the above review to re: the thickness of the mattress - i with i had as i do not think i will be able to return my mattress. it is a solid piece of furniture and my 2 yr old twins love thier new bed. i can hear them now laughing with joy in their room, which they have barely left since it was assembled 3 hours ago.""just wanted to let you know that i have received your furniture and i am very happy with it. the price is good and the bed is very sturdy. in comparison with other deals this was the best one, and i will definitely recommend you to anyone i know looking for bed furniture."tell us about your purchase...we'd love to hear from you.or continue shoppingback to top compare products you have no items to compare.why factory bunk bedsabout factory bunk bedsmanuals & customer serviceshipping & privacy infobunk bed reviews & testimonialsdon't take our word for it, hear what our customers have to say about their bunk beds from factory bunk beds.read testimonialsfree shipping!all orders $449 and up receive free shipping and for orders under $449 shipping is just $99. select brands also qualify for free shipping.free shipping terms volume buyerswe stock and house thousands deep on every product. that means we can handle, and provide large discounts for volume buyers. bunk beds for universities, camps, hotels and even disaster relief.get a quote factory cash rewardsfind out how others are earning when they spend at the factory.factory cash rewardswho are we?factory bunk beds is the number one online bunk bed retailer in the business!about factory bunk beds earn as an affiliategot web skills? join the factory bunk beds family and make a commission as an affiliate! some of our affiliates earn thousands monthly. believe it!clixgalorestay in touchkeep in touch with factory bunk beds on our social networks and find out about give-aways and new products.follow us on twitterconnect on facebook get in touchwe're always happy to hear from our customers and we are committed to getting back to you quickly. we mean it.send us a messagecall us at 1-800-906-bunk(2865)instruction manualslost a manual? didn't find it in the box? download a pdf version of the instructions so you can assemble your bed, or so you can see how easy our beds are to assemble.assembly instructions3 things you didn't knowjust a few fun facts you may or may not have known about bunk beds. remember yours as a kid?read more... customer supportwe believe our customer support is just as important as our product!contact usfrequently asked questionscustomer support pageget live helphave some questions? we're here to help! the easiest and fastest way to get personal help is to simply call.1-800-906-bunk (2865)5 reasons to buy here:high standardsexperience and knowledge safety first professional supporthuge package. tiny price.privacy policiesto better protect your privacy and intellectual property, as well as those of others, we provide these notices:copyright policyprivacy policyshipping, refunds and warrantiesplease read these sections carefully because they contain information on doing business with us.shipping information refund policywarrantyquestions?don't hesitate to get in touch with us with any questions, comments, or concerns. we'll get back to you quickly. promise.send us a messagecall us - 1-800-906-bunk (2865)site mapsearch termsadvanced searchorders and returnscontact usrssrequest rma 2010-2013 factoryestores llc. back to top loading... login my account my orders my wishlist my reviews my subscriptions 0 cart you have no items in your shopping cart. shop other categoriesbunkbedsoutdoor shedsplaygroundsplayhouses