来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20190915035654/https://www.factorybunkbeds.com/privacy-policy/
================================================================================

privacy policy javascript seems to be disabled in your browser. you must have javascript enabled in your browser to utilize the functionality of this website. your language: factory bunk beds español - factory bunk beds call 1-800-906-bunk (2865) search entire store here... search menu hello. sign inyour account sign in new customer? start here. your account your orders your wish list 0 itemscart your cart (0)edit cart your shopping cart is currently empty. subtotal: $0.00 checkout free shipping! and no tax outside of florida! shop bedsview all bedsbunk bedsdouble the beds, single the floor space.bunk beds with stairsan effortless safe climb to the top bunk for mom, dad, and child alike.loft bedsloft beds add functionality and take space saving to the next level.captain & bookcase bedsa classic solid wood bed with storage or trundle beneath.platform bedsfuton bunk bedstriple bunk bedsmetal bunk beds appointment based delivery free shipping superior customer support shop by collection desk beds stackable beds day beds theme beds captain & bookcase beds futon bunk beds triple bunk beds metal bunk beds platform beds headboards shop by brand discovery world furniture donco atlantic furniture view all beds mattressesaccessoriesview all accessoriesdressersadd matching discovery world furniture dressers to complete the room.desksfor the young student, a matching desk may complete the room.nightstandsnightstands are one of the most functional additions to a complete bedroom set.tv standsmatch your entertainment set to the rest of the room.bed mattressesfind a plush and comfortable mattress to pair with your new bed! appointment based delivery free shipping superior customer support shop by collection chests dresser mirrors tv stands bookshelves chairs jewelry mirror mattresses serta pillows touch up kits warranty shop by brand discovery world furniture serta bedroom setsview all bedroom setsmerlot bedroom furniture packagesbrowse ideas for a complete bedroom set in merlot.white bedroom furniture packagestheme the entire room in white furniture with these complete bedroom sets.espresso bedroom furniture packagesdark espresso bedroom sets add sophistication to any room.honey bedroom furniture packagesbrowse complete bedroom sets in the classic honey color. appointment based delivery free shipping superior customer support commercial quotes pages cart your account your wish list home > privacy policy please read our privacy policy for factorybunkbeds.com. the internet is an amazing tool. it has the power to change the way we live, and we're starting to see that potential today. with only a few mouse-clicks, you can follow the news, look up facts, buy goods and services, and communicate with others from around the world. it's important to factorybunkbeds.com to help our customers retain their privacy when they take advantage of all the internet has to offer. we believe your business belongs to no one else. your privacy is important. so we will protect the information you share with us. to protect your privacy, factorybunkbeds.com follows different principles in accordance with worldwide practices for customer privacy and data protection. - we will not sell or give away your name, mail address, phone number, email address, credit card number or any other information to anyone. - we will use state-of-the-art security measures to protect your information from unauthorized users. 1. notice we will ask you when we need information that personally identifies you (personal information) or allows us to contact you. generally, this information is requested when you create a registration id on the site or when you download free software, enter a contest, order email newsletters or join a limited-access premium site. we use your personal information for four primary purposes: - to make the site easier for you to use by not having to enter information more than once. - to help you quickly find software, services or information. - to help us create content most relevant to you. - to alert you to product upgrades, special offers, updated information and other new services from factorybunkbeds.com 2. consent if you choose not to register or provide personal information, you can still use most of factorybunkbeds.com but you will not be able to access areas that require registration. if you decide to register, you will be able to select the kinds of information you want to receive from us by subscribing to various services, like our electronic newsletters. if you do not want us to communicate with you about other offers regarding factorybunkbeds.com products, programs, events, or services by email, postal mail, or telephone, you may select the option stating that you do not wish to receive marketing messages from factorybunkbeds.com. factorybunkbeds.com occasionally allows other companies to offer our registered customers information about their products and services, using postal mail only. if you do not want to receive these offers, you may select the option stating that you do not wish to receive marketing materials from third parties. 3. access we will provide you with the means to ensure that your personal information is correct and current. you may review and update this information at any time in my account. there, you can: - view and edit personal information you have already given us. - tell us whether you want us to send you marketing information, or whether you want third parties to send you their offers by postal mail. - sign up for electronic newsletters about our services and products. - register. once you register, you won't need to do it again. - wherever you go on factorybunkbeds.com, your information stays with you. 4. security factorybunkbeds.com has taken strong measures to protect the security of your personal information and to ensure that your choices for its intended use are honored. we take strong precautions to protect your data from loss, misuse, unauthorized access or disclosure, alteration, or destruction. we guarantee your e-commerce transactions to be 100% safe and secure. when you place orders or access your personal account information, you're utilizing a secure server software ssl, which encrypts your personal information before it's sent over the internet. ssl is one of the safest encryption technologies available. in addition, your transactions are guaranteed under the fair credit billing act. this act states that your bank cannot hold you liable for more than $50.00 in fraudulent credit card charges. if your bank does hold you liable for $50.00 or less, we'll cover your liability provided the unauthorized, fraudulent use of your credit card resulted through no fault of your own and from purchases made from us over our secure server. in the event of unauthorized use of your credit card, you must notify your credit card provider in accordance with its reporting rules and procedures. factorybunkbeds.com strictly protects the security of your personal information and honors your choices for its intended use. we carefully protect your data from loss, misuse, unauthorized access or disclosure, alteration, or destruction. your personal information is never shared outside the company without your permission, except under conditions explained above. inside the company, data is stored in password-controlled servers with limited access. your information may be stored and processed in usa or any other country where factorybunkbeds.com, its subsidiaries, affiliates or agents are located. you also have a significant role in protecting your information. no one can see or edit your personal information without knowing your user name and password, so do not share these with others. 5. notice to parents the factorybunkbeds.com site does not publish content that is targeted to children. parents or guardians: we want to help you guard your children's privacy. we encourage you to talk to your children about safe and responsible use of their personal information while using the internet. 6. enforcement if for some reason you believe the factorybunkbeds.com site does not publish content that is targeted to children. has not adhered to these principles, please notify us, and we will do our best to determine and correct the problem promptly. be certain the words privacy policy are in the subject line. 7. electronic product registration when you buy and install a new product, we may ask you to register your purchase electronically. when you do, we merge your registration information with any information you've already left with us (we call that information your personal profile). if you haven't previously registered with us, we create a personal profile for you from your product registration information. if you ever want to review or update that information, you can edit any of the personal information in your profile by logging in. if you haven't already created a registration id, we will ask you to do so. this ensures that only you can access your information. 8. customer profiles as mentioned above, every registered customer has a unique personal profile. each profile is assigned a unique personal identification number, which helps us ensure that only you can access your profile. 9. what we do with information you share when you join us, you provide us with your contact information, including your name and email address. we use this information to send you updates about your order, questionnaires to measure your satisfaction with our service and announcements about new and exciting services that we offer. when you order from us, we ask for your credit card number and billing address. we use this information only to bill you for the product(s) you order at that time. for your convenience, we do save billing information in case you want to order from us again, but we don't use this information again without your permission. we occasionally hire other companies to provide limited services on our behalf, including packaging, mailing and delivering purchases, answering customer questions about products or services, sending postal mail and processing event registration. we will only provide those companies the information they need to deliver the service, and they are prohibited from using that information for any other purpose. factorybunkbeds.com will disclose your personal information, without notice, only if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to: (a) conform to the edicts of the law or comply with legal process served on factorybunkbeds.com or the site; (b) protect and defend the rights or property of factorybunkbeds.com and its family of websites, and, (c) act in urgent circumstances to protect the personal safety of users of factorybunkbeds.com, its websites, or the public. back to top cart (0) your account your wish list company faq shipping upgrades & policies free shipping terms privacy & terms contact us subscribe to our newsletter subscribe connect with us on youtube connect with us on linkedin connect with us on twitter connect with us on facebook information our company testimonials fun facts copyright faq bulk orders customer service age & weight limits manufacturer's warranty limited lifetime warranty plywood decking modification assembly instructions assembly videos terms and conditions refund policy free shipping terms shipping upgrades & policies real wood bed disclaimer metal slats vs wood slats furniture finishes shipping times across usa shipping explainer video curbside shipping explainer video contact us 1-800-906-bunk (2865) sales@factorybunkbeds.com contact us underbed options video metal center support video slat cover explainer video down stackable explainer video advanced search site map privacy sale terms rss your language: factory bunk beds español - factory bunk beds © 2018 factory estores llc. all rights reserved. back to top before you leave! remember that we will beat any advertised price online. give us a call! 1-800-906-"bunk" (2865) connect with us on facebook connect with us on twitter connect with us on linkedin connect with us on youtube close×