来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20241001212406/https://www.factorybunkbeds.com/faq
================================================================================

faq frequently asked questions the store will not work correctly when cookies are disabled. javascript seems to be disabled in your browser. for the best experience on our site, be sure to turn on javascript in your browser. wish list please login first email password sign in forgot your password? new customer? start here. hello, sign in your account factory bunk beds español - factory bunk beds toggle nav search search entire store here... advanced search search search need help? call us now: 407-322-4876hours 8:30am - 5.00pm m-t esthours 8:30am - 12.00pm f estafter hours, please email us:[email protected] my cart my account my wish list () sign in compare create an account skip to content beds mattresses accessories commercial quotes bunk bed replacement parts best sellers sale close out contact us menu account settings factory bunk beds español - factory bunk beds home faq frequently asked questions faq check here for answers to the most common questions. 1: are the discovery world furniture beds made in the usa? 2: what is the weight limit for dwf beds? 3: what is the fastest that i can get my order delivered? 4: how long will it take to receive my bunk beds or other furniture? 5: which method do you use for shipping? 6: will somebody have to be home to receive the furniture shipment? 7: what if my furniture never arrives? 8: what can i expect to happen during the delivery? 9: what do i do if the furniture arrives and i suspect there is damage? 10: what do i do if i find damage once i begin unpacking the furniture? 11: what should i do if i have missing pieces, hardware or assembly instructions? 12: are there any warranties against manufacturing defects? 13: how do i contact you? are the discovery world furniture beds made in the usa? they are partially assembled in the us ( basically every part of the bed that has a drawer is built here in florida ) but the wood is grown in brazil and vietnam, then processed and shipped to florida where we finish assembling. what is the weight limit for dwf beds? many people ask us what the recommended age limit and weight limits for the discovery world furniture beds, there really is no age limit it is more of a weight limit. all kids are different and they grow up at different speeds, it is really up to you and the child or adult to determine when they are comfortable climbing a ladder or stairs to use the upper beds. as for adults and teens use let us first explain how bunk beds are tested and rated. in order for a bed to be meet astm safety standard they have to be 3rd party tested and the top beds have to be able to support 400lbs for at least 5 minutes without failing. how this is done is simple, the testing company assembles the bed and then adds the 400 pounds of weight directly on the center of the slats for 5 minutes. the 400lb distributed weight rating is the testing weight rating, this is not jumping up and down weight. the furniture is strong but do not think that you can put a 400lb person on the top bunk, as there would be no way for them to get to the lay down position without focusing a lot of weight onto 1 or 2 slats at a time. if you have jumpy kids or larger teens or adults that will be using the bed then we recommend you purchase the metal center support slats. the metal center supports help to spread the weight out across the slats and adds 2 other support points of contact, one on the headboard and one on the footboard. the intent of the steel support bar is to keep individual slats from failing when pressure is focused on a small area rather than increasing the weight limit by a specific amount. our recommendation for the top bed max weight would be around 200lbs or up to 250lbs with the metal center supports. we do sell these beds to youth camps, colleges, firehouses, and men's and women's shelter and have had very few issues from normal use. if you are planning on using these beds in a commercial applications like rental properties, we strongly recommend buying the metal center supports. what is the fastest that i can get my order delivered? we cannot guarantee how fast orders will arrive as we use many different shipping companies and ship all over the country. we ship out of florida so the closer you are to fl the faster you should get your order. here are some other tips to get the order delivered the quickest way possible. order place before noon and pay hot rush $39 can be shipped out in 1 business day or even the same business day if the billing address and shipping address is the same. once orders are picked up they historically take 2-6 business days to arrive. the fastest delivery service is the free curbside delivery. we will also email you a shipping and tracking email once the order is picked up so you can follow the order and call the shipper to get on the delivery schedule. if your billing address is different than your shipping address then use pay pal for the purchase or again the order will be slowed down due to the extra step of id verification. how long will it take to receive my bunk beds or other furniture? fedex shipments – transit time 1-5 business days. many products that we now carry are kd(knocked down and need assembly). this simply means they can now ship by fedex and arrive much faster and without making an appointment to meet the truck. transit time is usually 1-5 working days. all the truck shipment deliveries are scheduled in advance by the shipper with you.please be sure to have a current active phone number so the appointment can be made. it is critical that you are present upon delivery to check your order and sign for it. once the order is picked up by the carrier we will email you the contact information and tracking number. the shipper will then call you when the order reaches your area to set the appointment. will somebody have to be home to receive the furniture shipment? fedex shipments – no need to be home to receive. ltl shipments – someone must be home to sign for the order. what if my furniture never arrives? this is an extremely rare occurrence, but has been known to happen. usually this is due to an organizational breakdown on the part of the freight company or incorrect information given at the time of the order. if this happens to you, we will need to contact the freight company and begin the process of tracking down the shipment. this will cause an unavoidable delay in delivering your furniture, but we require a reasonable amount of time to locate the shipment before making the decision to re-ship your order (usually 1 week). be sure to provide the correct address and phone number when placing your order! what can i expect to happen during the delivery? ltl shipments - all of our deliveries are curbside, which means the driver unloads your boxes at the end of our driveway or in front of your apartment building. this is so that you are able to determine if there is visible damage to any of the boxes. he/she may ask for your assistance with a bulky/heavy piece, so if you are physically able, please lend a hand.many times however the drives will bring the order to the front door or your garage. this is left up to the driver and is based on the accessibility to your house. the delivery personnel are not allowed to go into house, apartment buildings or climb stairs. this type of service is considered “white glove” and must be set up in advance with fbb (additional fees will apply). fedex shipments – fedex will leave the order by your front door. what do i do if the furniture arrives and i suspect there is damage? once the driver has unloaded all of the boxes from the truck, please inspect the outside of the boxes before signing the delivery receipt.if you see box damage you are allowed to open the box to see if there is actual procuct damage. if there is product damage you must notate on the bill of lading "product damage". if the damage is limited to one item or it is minor – please notate the damage and receive the shipment. we will then replace whatever we need to. if there is major damage (very rare) please refuse the shipment and once again notate it on the bill of lading. what do i do if i find damage once i begin unpacking the furniture? we will ask you to provide digital picture of the damage pieces. what should i do if i have missing pieces, hardware or assembly instructions? be sure you unpack everything and look in any drawers before contacting us about missing parts, since that's where the hardware and instructions are usually kept. once you have determined which pieces are missing, contact us through factorybunkbeds.com detailing which items you are missing so that we an send replacements. are there any warranties against manufacturing defects? there is a limited warranty against manufacturing defects. if reported within the first year, we will send the replacement pieces at no charge, assuming the bed has not been abused beyond normal wear and tear. if it has been longer than a year, we will charge you the wholesale cost plus shipping for any replacement pieces. how do i contact you? through one of the following methods: get support send us a quick message call us - 407-322-4876 we look forward to serving you! the factory bunk beds team company information our company testimonials 2020 copyright faq product information box weights & dimensions bulk orders tested vs maximum weight limits age & weight limits plywood decking modification explainer videos metal slats vs wood slats texture & finishes descriptions how to adjust storage drawers real wood bed disclaimer furniture finishes warranty parts terms and conditions manufacturer's warrantee limited lifetime warrantee refund policy free shipping policy shipping upgrades & policies price match disclaimer need help? call us now: 407-322-4876 contact us hours 8:30am-5:00pm m-t est hours 8:30am-12:00pm f est after hours, please email us: [email protected] © 2023 waterfall industries, inc. all rights reserved. all categories all categories bedsbunk bedsbunk beds with stairsloft bedscaptain & bookcase bedsplatform bedslow loftsmattressescool gel memory foam mattresslehmann eurotamarac innerspring mattressdunesbury mattress firmaccessoriesdressersdesksnightstandstv standsbed mattressesunder bed storagebedroom setsmerlot bedroom furniture packageswhite bedroom furniture packagesespresso bedroom furniture packageshoney bedroom furniture packages commercial quotesbest sellerbunk bed replacement parts email password sign in forgot your password? new customer? start here. compare my wish list () my orders contact us factory bunk beds español - factory bunk beds