来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20171229114054/https://www.batteriesplus.com/t/policies/privacy
================================================================================

privacy policy for batteries plus.com - batteries plus bulbs false false 438 skip to main content batteries chargers light bulbs repairs business accounts own a store store locator 10 stores near you - select your store log in or register welcome guest your cart (0 items) need help? call (415) 527-0035 (415) 527-0035 (415) 527-0035 batteries chargers light bulbs repairs | business own a store home privacy batteriesplus.com privacy policy - version 1.5 effective date december 15, 2015 batteries plus llc is committed to protecting your privacy. this policy describes our practices regarding personal and account information collected by batteries plus llc ("we," "us," "our," "bplus" or, "batteries plus bulbs") at our stores, online at batteriesplus.com (site or web site) and via mobile applications (i.e. batteriesplus.com accessed through your mobile devices). by using the batteries plus bulbs website or any of our applications, products, services, features, tools, or resources you agree to the terms of this privacy policy and our terms/conditions of use. this privacy policy, along with our conditions of use governs your use of the batteries plus bulbs website at https://www.batteriesplus.com/ ("site") and any other links through social media platforms such as facebook or twitter, as well as the use of our mobile application. for the purposes of this privacy policy, we will refer to all of these access points as the batteries plus bulbs system ("system"). in this policy, "personal and account information" means your name, company name, account number, address, telephone number, and e-mail address plus other information that may personally identify you ("personally identifiable information"), including your industry, the number of employees at your company, and purchase history. we reserve the right to modify this privacy policy from time to time. each version of our privacy policy is marked with a version number and effective date. we recommend that you visit our web site periodically to review any changes to this policy. your access of and use of our web site means you agree to the terms in this policy. how much information must i share? the amount and type of information we collect from you depends on your in store and online activities and use of our web site. below, we explain what information we collect. when you browse our web site generally, you may visit this site without providing batteries plus bulbs or its affiliates with any personally identifiable information. information collected by us is voluntarily provided by you and may include information such as your name, address, email, phone number and other contact information. we may also collect other personally identifiable information that you choose to include in any communications that you send to us. we may use your personally identifiable information to respond to your requests for information and provide you with information. our site may also collect general information about your technology interface or preferences (such as the type of browser used or the files requested). additionally, we may collect information regarding the websites you visit and other information, as described in this privacy policy. we may also use third-party web analytics services in our online services, such as those of google analytics. these service providers help us analyze how users use our online services. information collected as a part of google analytics (including your ip address) is automatically sent to google, and google may place cookies to help with the analysis. to learn more about google analytics and download an opt-out browser add-on, please click here. we may use third-party vendors or social sites, such as google adwords or facebook, to advertise to customers online for purposes of, including without limitation, initiating direct marketing programs on our behalf, data tracking, maintenance or development of our system, development of online products and services or customer service or new product development, or other contracted promotional opportunities provided to our users. these third-party vendors and social sites may display batteries plus bulbs advertisements on other web sites based on user's internet usage. more specifically, these vendors use cookies to inform, optimize, and serve ads based on a user's past visits to the site. any information that these third parties collect via cookies is not linked to any personally identifiable information we collect or you provide on the web site. to learn about how to opt out of ad network interest-based advertising, click here. we may transfer your personally identifiable information and other information that you submit on our site to our offices, affiliates, and service providers. however, we can, and will ask our service providers to use, store and otherwise process your information in accordance with this policy regardless of where it is transferred. we do not share your personally identifiable information with third parties, without your consent, except as described in this policy and to the extent required by law, in accordance with your instructions. when you make purchases through our web site we collect your name, address, and payment information (such as credit card number, expiration date and credit card verification code) to process your order. we may also collect your zip code to assist in finding whether a certain product is available at a store near you. when you create an e-account on our web site we collect your user name, password, bill-to address, and email address. you can help us ensure your privacy by not sharing your user name or password. when you subscribe to our email newsletter through our web site we use your email information to deliver newsletters, company information, and promotions. your email information may be used in conjunction with any purchases you make at batteriesplus.com to provide customized offers or promotions. you may opt out of future communications by clicking on the "unsubscribe" link in any communication received from us or by updating your account settings. when you sign up for e-receipts in our stores we collect your email address and the other information that you provide in order to provide you with an electronic receipt for your in store purchase. when you communicate with us through our web site or in our stores we collect your email address and the other information that you provide in order to respond to your communication. when you enter contests, participate in surveys, submit forms or applications, or register for other activities, we collect your name, email address and phone number, and the other information that is required for entry or participation or information relevant to your ability to purchase a franchise, which varies depending on the activity. our business partners may co-sponsor contests on our site. if you enter one of these contests our co-sponsors may receive the information collected or may collect the information directly. in these situations, we will tell you who is collecting your information, how they may use it and how to contact them. how is my personal and account information used? we collect information about you in order to provide you with services and products and also collect information that is necessary for our site to work properly. we use personal information about our users for a variety of purposes related to our business. we may use your personal and account information to provide products or services you have requested, respond to a communication from you, contact you, and as otherwise described in this policy. we may occasionally send you promotional, product or franchising information via regular mail, email, or other electronic channels, including ads on social media platforms. if you do not wish to receive promotional, product or franchising information, you may opt out of future communications by following the instructions in the communication. in addition, in order to measure how we are doing and to better understand how we can improve our product offerings, we or one of our service providers or strategic partners may contact you by telephone or e-mail and solicit your participation in research. your participation is voluntary. if you become our customer, we may send you updates on important information about our company and services. the batteries plus bulbs site may track the total number of visitors to our site, the number of visitors to each page of our site, ip addresses, computer and browser type, version and domain, dates and times of use of each page of our site, and any third party web site from which you were transferred to this site, and more, and we may analyze data for trends and statistics in the aggregate, but this information will be in aggregate form only and it will not contain personally identifiable information. this aggregate information is not linked to any personally identifiable information that can identify any individual person. we may use this aggregate information to analyze trends, administer the site, track users' movement and gather broad demographic information for aggregate use and to improve the batteries plus bulbs site. how is my personal and account information shared? we restrict access to your personal and account information to those who need access to use it as set forth in this policy, which includes franchisees and service providers who are restricted by confidentiality obligations. only authorized personnel are permitted to see your e-account password. we may share your personal and account information with our third party services providers, including but not limited to our credit card processors, web site developers and hosts, advertising agencies, third party shippers and other services providers, whose use of your information is limited to providing services to us. we do not sell, trade, rent or otherwise share your personal information with others. we may disclose your personal and account information to respond to subpoenas, court orders, or other legal process, as required by law, or to establish or exercise our legal rights or defend against legal claims. your personal and account information may also be disclosed in event of any future connection with a sale of some or all of our business or a merger with another company. we may provide aggregate information and the data generated by cookies to web design and marketing firms we contract for web site development and advertising purposes. how do you protect my personal and account information? we use 2048-bit keys and tls 1.2 (transport layer security) technology in all areas where your personal and account information is required. in addition, your personal and account information and transaction history are kept behind our firewall on separate servers. all transaction information is processed under encrypted channels. how do i edit or delete my site account information? you may edit your account information at any time by signing in to your account and clicking "your account". you can access, review and update your personal information. to delete your account, please call us at 1.800.677.8278 with specific instruction to delete your account. your account can be deleted, but doing so will result in not being able to access certain areas of the site. how do i unsubscribe from emails? if you do not wish to receive emails from us, you may opt out of future communications by clicking on the "unsubscribe" link in any communication received from us or by updating your account settings. how do i adjust ad preferences for ad network interest-based advertising? we may use third-party vendors, such as google, to advertise to our users online. these third-party vendors may display batteries plus bulbs’ product advertisements on other websites based on your internet usage. more specifically, these vendors use cookies to inform, optimize, and serve ads based on your past visits to the site or another site affiliated with our products or services. any information collected via cookies is not linked to any personally identifiable information (name, address, email address, or phone number) we collect or you provide on the website. to learn about how to opt out of ad network interest-based advertising, click here. children’s privacy our site is not directed at nor targeted to children under the age of 13. we do not use our site to knowingly solicit personal information from or market to children under the age of 13. if you are under the age of 13, do not provide us with any personal information. if we learn that someone under 13 has provided personal information, we will use reasonable efforts to remove such information from our databases. your california privacy rights california civil code section § 1798.83 permits users of our site that are california residents to request certain information regarding our disclosure of personal information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes. to make such a request, please contact us via the site. how can i give you feedback or contact you? you may contact us via email or phone. our customer care team is available by phone 7:30am ct – 6:00pm ct, monday through friday 1-800-677-8278. comments or questions can also be sent to us via postal mail, and we will use reasonable efforts to promptly review and respond as appropriate: batteries plus bulbs 1325 walnut ridge drive hartland, wi 53029 questions or correspondence specific to the franchising portion of the site (batteriesplus.com/franchising) should be addressed to: john twist batteries plus, llc. 1325 walnut ridge drive hartland, wi 53029 john twist phone: 262.912.3199 john twist email: jtwist@batteriesplus.com please note that messages become our property and, unless you direct otherwise, may be used by us for promotional purposes. last updated – 12/15/15 about us our company store locator business accounts in the news promotions careers franchise opportunity product support faqs safety data sheets recall notices supply chain transparency replacements products vendors join. follow. share. need help? call us at 1-800-677-8278 1-800-677-8278 we strive to provide the best price available on batteriesplus.com and in our stores. store pricing may vary from the price advertised on batteriesplus.com. fees may apply for recycling, environmental disposal, and/or labor/installation. our policies: conditions of use, privacy, shipping, returns, warranty, and terms and conditions. all registered trademarks are the property of their respective owners. copyright ©2017, batteries plus llc. all rights reserved. ©2017 duracell, bethel, ct 06801. duracell is a registered trademark of duracell u.s. operations, inc., used under license. all rights reserved. your cart (0 items) checkout