来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20201228024949/https://www.batteriesplus.com/t/policies/privacy
================================================================================

privacy policy for batteries plus.com - batteries plus bulbs false false 637 skip to main content top ofpage need help? call (510) 529-4150 (510) 529-4150 (510) 529-4150 0 log in or register 0 your cart your store 10 stores near you - select your store batteries chargers lighting repairs & services accessories automotive center promotions business accounts own a franchise need help? call (510) 529-4150 (510) 529-4150 (510) 529-4150 yourstore your store 10 stores near you select your store youraccount login or signup log in or register purchasing for a business?apply for a free business account! 0 yourcart batteries chargers lighting gear & equipment repairs & services automotive center own a store business accounts home privacy batteriesplus.com privacy policy - version 3 effective date december 31, 2019 batteries plus llc is committed to protecting your privacy. this policy describes our practices regarding personal and account information collected by batteries plus llc ("we," "us," "our," "bplus" or, "batteries plus bulbs") at our stores, online at batteriesplus.com (site or web site) and via mobile applications (i.e. batteriesplus.com accessed through your mobile devices). by using the batteriesplus.com website or any of our applications, products, services, features, tools, or resources you agree to the terms of this privacy policy and our terms/conditions of use. this privacy policy, along with our conditions of use governs your use of the batteries plus bulbs website at https://www.batteriesplus.com/ ("site") and any other links through social media platforms such as facebook or twitter, as well as the use of our mobile application. for the purposes of this privacy policy, we will refer to all of these access points as the batteries plus bulbs system ("system"). in this policy, "personal and account information" means your name, company name, account number, address, telephone number, and e-mail address plus other information that may personally identify you ("personally identifiable information"). in particular, batteries plus’s website may have collected the following categories of personally identifiable information: identifiers which may include a real name, postal address, telephone number, unique personal identifier, online identifier, internet protocol address, geolocation, email address, or other similar identifiers. commercial information which may include records of products or services purchased, obtained, or considered, or other purchasing or consuming histories or tendencies. internet or other similar network activity may include browsing history, search history, information on a consumer's interaction with a website, application, or advertisement. we reserve the right to modify this privacy policy from time to time. each version of our privacy policy is marked with a version number and effective date. we recommend that you visit our web site periodically to review any changes to this policy. your access of and use of our web site means you agree to the terms in this policy. how much information must i share? the amount and type of information we collect from you depends on your in store and online activities and use of our web site. below, we explain what information we collect. when you browse our web site generally, you may visit this site without providing batteries plus bulbs or its affiliates with any personally identifiable information. information collected by us is voluntarily provided by you and may include information such as your name, address, email, phone number and other contact information. we may also collect other personally identifiable information that you choose to include in any communications that you send to us. we may use your personally identifiable information to respond to your requests for information and provide you with information. our site may also collect general information about your technology interface or preferences (such as the type of browser used or the files requested). additionally, we may collect information regarding the websites you visit and other information, as described in this privacy policy. we may also use third-party web analytics services in our online services, such as those of google analytics. these service providers help us analyze how users use our online services. information collected as a part of google analytics (including your ip address) is automatically sent to google, and google may place cookies to help with the analysis. learn more about google analytics opens in new window and download an opt-out browser add-on opens in new window. we may use third-party vendors or social sites, such as google adwords or facebook, to advertise to customers online for purposes of, including without limitation, initiating direct marketing programs on our behalf, data tracking, maintenance or development of our system, development of online products and services or customer service or new product development, or other contracted promotional opportunities provided to our users. these third-party vendors and social sites may display batteries plus bulbs advertisements on other web sites based on user's internet usage. more specifically, these vendors use cookies to inform, optimize, and serve ads based on a user's past visits to the site. any information that these third parties collect via cookies is not linked to any personally identifiable information we collect or you provide on the web site. to learn about how to opt out of ad network interest-based advertising, click here opens in new window. we may transfer your personally identifiable information and other information that you submit on our site to our offices, affiliates, and service providers. however, we can, and will ask our service providers to use, store and otherwise process your information in accordance with this policy regardless of where it is transferred. we do not share your personally identifiable information with third parties, without your consent, except as described in this policy and to the extent required by law, in accordance with your instructions. when you make purchases through our web site we collect your name, address, and payment information (such as credit card number, expiration date and credit card verification code) to process your order. we may also collect your zip code to assist in finding whether a certain product is available at a store near you. when you create an e-account on our web site we collect your user name, password, bill-to address, and email address. you can help us ensure your privacy by not sharing your user name or password. when you subscribe to our email newsletter through our web site we use your email information to deliver newsletters, company information, and promotions. your email information may be used in conjunction with any purchases you make at batteriesplus.com to provide customized offers or promotions. you may opt out of future communications by clicking on the "unsubscribe" link in any communication received from us or by updating your account settings. when you sign up for e-receipts in our stores we collect your email address and the other information that you provide in order to provide you with an electronic receipt for your in store purchase. when you communicate with us through our web site or in our stores we collect your email address and the other information that you provide in order to respond to your communication. when you enter contests, participate in surveys, submit forms or applications, or register for other activities, we collect your name, email address and phone number, and the other information that is required for entry or participation or information relevant to your ability to purchase a franchise, which varies depending on the activity. our business partners may co-sponsor contests on our site. if you enter one of these contests our co-sponsors may receive the information collected or may collect the information directly. in these situations, we will tell you who is collecting your information, how they may use it and how to contact them. we may use geofencing to send you batteries plus advertisements. we may use the location information from your mobile device or browser to tailor the service experience to your current location (i.e. show you a list of nearby batteries plus locations.) when you visit a batteries plus location or another fenced location of our choosing, we may collect device information. if you visit an eligible website via your phone browser within the next 7- 14 days following such store visit you may receive a batteries plus ad. how is my personal and account information used? we collect information about you in order to provide you with services and products and also collect information that is necessary for our site to work properly. we use personal information about our users for a variety of purposes related to our business. we may use your personal and account information to provide products or services you have requested, respond to a communication from you, contact you, and as otherwise described in this policy. we may occasionally send you promotional, product or franchising information via regular mail, email, or other electronic channels, including ads on social media platforms. if you do not wish to receive promotional, product or franchising information, you may opt out of future communications by following the instructions in the communication. in addition, in order to measure how we are doing and to better understand how we can improve our product offerings, we or one of our service providers or strategic partners may contact you by telephone or e-mail and solicit your participation in research. your participation is voluntary. if you become our customer, we may send you updates on important information about our company and services. the batteries plus bulbs site may track the total number of visitors to our site, the number of visitors to each page of our site, ip addresses, computer and browser type, version and domain, dates and times of use of each page of our site, and any third party web site from which you were transferred to this site, and more, and we may analyze data for trends and statistics in the aggregate, but this information will be in aggregate form only and it will not contain personally identifiable information. this aggregate information is not linked to any personally identifiable information that can identify any individual person. we may use this aggregate information to analyze trends, administer the site, track users' movement and gather broad demographic information for aggregate use and to improve the batteries plus bulbs site. how is my personal and account information shared? we restrict access to your personal and account information to those who need access to use it as set forth in this policy, which includes franchisees and service providers who are restricted by confidentiality obligations. only authorized personnel are permitted to see your e-account password. we may share your personal and account information with our third party services providers, including but not limited to our credit card processors, web site developers and hosts, advertising agencies, third party shippers and other services providers, whose use of your information is limited to providing services to us. we do not sell, trade, rent or otherwise share your personal information with others. we may disclose your personal and account information to respond to subpoenas, court orders, or other legal process, as required by law, or to establish or exercise our legal rights or defend against legal claims. your personal and account information may also be disclosed in event of any future connection with a sale of some or all of our business or a merger with another company. we may provide aggregate information and the data generated by cookies to web design and marketing firms we contract for web site development and advertising purposes. how do you protect my personal and account information? we use 2048-bit encryption and tls 1.2 (transport layer security) technology in all areas where your personal and account information is required. all transaction information is processed under encrypted channels. how do i unsubscribe from emails? if you do not wish to receive emails from us, you may opt out of future communications by clicking on the "unsubscribe" link in any communication received from us or by updating your account settings. how do i adjust ad preferences for ad network interest-based advertising? we may use third-party vendors, such as google, to advertise to our users online. these third-party vendors may display batteries plus bulbs’ product advertisements on other websites based on your internet usage. more specifically, these vendors use cookies to inform, optimize, and serve ads based on your past visits to the site or another site affiliated with our products or services. any information collected via cookies is not linked to any personally identifiable information (name, address, email address, or phone number) we collect or you provide on the website. to learn about how to opt out of ad network interest-based advertising, click here opens in new window. children’s privacy our site is not directed at nor targeted to children under the age of 13. we do not use our site to knowingly solicit personal information from or market to children under the age of 13. if you are under the age of 13, do not provide us with any personal information. if we learn that someone under 13 has provided personal information, we will use reasonable efforts to remove such information from our databases. special notice for california residents the following applies solely to all visitors, users, and others who reside in the state of california ("consumers" or "you"). we adopt this notice to comply with the california consumer privacy act of 2018 (ccpa) that becomes effective january 1, 2020 and is subject to pending regulations. any terms defined in the ccpa have the same meaning when used in this notice. information we collect our website collects information that identifies, relates to, describes, references, is capable of being associated with, or could reasonably be linked, directly or indirectly, with a particular consumer or device ("personal information"). in particular, batteries plus’s website has collected the following categories of personal information from its consumers within the last twelve (12) months: identifiers which may include a real name, postal address, telephone number, unique personal identifier, online identifier, internet protocol address, email address, or other similar identifiers. commercial information which may include records of products or services purchased, obtained, or considered, or other purchasing or consuming histories or tendencies. internet or other similar network activity may include browsing history, search history, information on a consumer's interaction with a website, application, or advertisement. personal information does not include: publicly available information from government records. deidentified or aggregated consumer information. information excluded from the ccpa's scope. batteries plus obtains the categories of personal information listed above from the following categories of sources: directly from you. for example, from forms you complete or products and services you purchase. indirectly from you. for example, from observing your actions on our website. from third parties who are authorized to provide us with such data. use of personal information personal information does not include: to fulfill or meet the reason you provided the information. for example, if you share your name and contact information to request a price quote or ask a question about our products or services, we will use that personal information to respond to your inquiry. if you provide your personal information to purchase a product or service, we will use that information to process your payment and facilitate delivery. we may also save your information to facilitate new product orders or process returns. to provide, support, personalize, and develop our website, products, and services. to create, maintain, customize, and secure your account with us. to process your requests, purchases, transactions, and payments and prevent transactional fraud. to provide you with support and to respond to your inquiries, including to investigate and address your concerns and monitor and improve our responses. to personalize your website experience and to deliver content and product and service offerings relevant to your interests, including targeted offers and ads through our website, third-party sites, and via email or text message (with your consent, where required by law). to help maintain the safety, security, and integrity of our website, products and services, databases and other technology assets, and business. for testing, research, analysis, and product development, including to develop and improve our website, products, and services. to respond to law enforcement requests and as required by applicable law, court order, or governmental regulations. as described to you when collecting your personal information or as otherwise set forth in the ccpa. to evaluate or conduct a merger, divestiture, restructuring, reorganization, dissolution, or other sale or transfer of some or all of batteries plus ‘s assets, whether as a going concern or as part of bankruptcy, liquidation, or similar proceeding, in which personal information held by batteries plus about our website users is among the assets transferred. batteries plus will not collect additional categories of personal information or use the personal information we collected for materially different, unrelated, or incompatible purposes without providing you notice. sharing personal information batteries plus may disclose your personal information to a third party for a business purpose related to the service or product we are providing you. when we disclose personal information for a business purpose, we enter a contract that describes the purpose and requires the recipient to both keep that personal information confidential and not use it for any purpose except performing the contract. your rights and choices the ccpa provides consumers (california residents) with specific rights regarding their personal information. this section describes your ccpa rights and explains how to exercise those rights. access to specific information and data portability rights you have the right to request that batteries plus disclose certain information to you about our collection and use of your personal information over the past 12 months. once we receive and confirm your verifiable consumer request (see exercising access, data portability, and deletion rights), we will disclose to you: the categories of personal information we collected about you. the categories of sources for the personal information we collected about you. our business or commercial purpose for collecting or selling that personal information. the categories of third parties with whom we share that personal information. deletion request rights you have the right to request that batteries plus delete any of your personal information that we collected from you and retained, subject to certain exceptions. once we receive and confirm your verifiable consumer request (see exercising access, data portability, and deletion rights), we will delete (and direct our service providers to delete) your personal information from our records, unless an exception applies. we may deny your deletion request if retaining the information is necessary for us or our service provider(s) to: complete the transaction for which we collected the personal information, provide a good or service that you requested, take actions reasonably anticipated within the context of our ongoing business relationship with you, or otherwise perform our contract with you. detect security incidents, protect against malicious, deceptive, fraudulent, or illegal activity, or prosecute those responsible for such activities. debug products to identify and repair errors that impair existing intended functionality. exercise free speech, ensure the right of another consumer to exercise their free speech rights, or exercise another right provided for by law. comply with the california electronic communications privacy act (cal. penal code § 1546 et. seq.). engage in public or peer-reviewed scientific, historical, or statistical research in the public interest that adheres to all other applicable ethics and privacy laws, when the information's deletion may likely render impossible or seriously impair the research's achievement, if you previously provided informed consent. enable solely internal uses that are reasonably aligned with consumer expectations based on your relationship with us. comply with a legal obligation. make other internal and lawful uses of that information that are compatible with the context in which you provided it. exercising access, data portability, and deletion rights to exercise the access, data portability, and deletion rights described above, please submit a verifiable consumer request to us by either: calling us at: 800-677-8278 submit a request: bpprivacy.exterro.net/portal/dsar.htm opens in new window only you, or someone legally authorized to act on your behalf, may make a verifiable consumer request related to your personal information. you may only make a verifiable consumer request for access or data portability twice within a 12-month period. the verifiable consumer request must: provide sufficient information that allows us to reasonably verify you are the person about whom we collected personal information or an authorized representative. describe your request with sufficient detail that allows us to properly understand, evaluate, and respond to it. we cannot respond to your request or provide you with personal information if we cannot verify your identity or authority to make the request and confirm the personal information relates to you. making a verifiable consumer request does not require you to create an account with us. however, we do consider requests made through your password protected account sufficiently verified when the request relates to personal information associated with that specific account. we will only use personal information provided in a verifiable consumer request to verify the requestor's identity or authority to make the request. response timing and format we endeavor to respond to a verifiable consumer request within forty-five (45) days of its receipt. if we require more time (up to 90 days), we will inform you of the reason and extension period in writing. if you have an account with us, we will deliver our written response to that account. if you do not have an account with us, we will deliver our written response by mail or electronically, at your option. any disclosures we provide will only cover the 12-month period preceding the verifiable consumer request's receipt. the response we provide will also explain the reasons we cannot comply with a request, if applicable. we do not charge a fee to process or respond to your verifiable consumer request unless it is excessive, repetitive, or manifestly unfounded. if we determine that the request warrants a fee, we will tell you why we made that decision and provide you with a cost estimate before completing your request. non-discrimination we will not discriminate against you for exercising any of your ccpa rights. unless permitted by the ccpa, we will not: deny you goods or services. charge you different prices or rates for goods or services, including through granting discounts or other benefits, or imposing penalties. provide you a different level or quality of goods or services suggest that you may receive a different price or rate for goods or services or a different level or quality of goods or services. however, we may offer you certain financial incentives permitted by the ccpa that can result in different prices, rates, or quality levels. any ccpa-permitted financial incentive we offer will reasonably relate to your personal information's value and contain written terms that describe the program's material aspects. participation in a financial incentive program requires your prior opt in consent, which you may revoke at any time. other california privacy rights california's "shine the light" law (civil code section § 1798.83) permits users of our website that are california residents to request certain information regarding our disclosure of personal information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes. submit a request by going to bpprivacy.exterro.net/portal/dsar.htm opens in new window. how can i give you feedback or contact you? you may contact us via email (customercare@batteriesplus.com) or phone. our customer care team is available by phone 7:30am ct – 6:00pm ct, monday through friday 1-800-677-8278. comments or questions can also be sent to us via postal mail, and we will use reasonable efforts to promptly review and respond as appropriate: batteries plus bulbs 1325 walnut ridge drive hartland, wi 53029 questions or correspondence specific to the franchising portion of the site (batteriesplusfranchise.com) should be addressed to: jon sica batteries plus, llc. 1325 walnut ridge drive hartland, wi 53029 phone: 262.912.3002 email: jsica@batteriesplus.com please note that messages become our property and, unless you direct otherwise, may be used by us for promotional purposes. last updated – 12/31/19 help is just a phone call away! 1-800-677-8278 1-800-677-8278 sign up to receive our emails. sign up to receive info on the latest products, offers & more! * required first name last name email address we strive to provide the best price available on batteriesplus.com and in our stores. store pricing may vary from the price advertised on batteriesplus.com. fees may apply for recycling, environmental disposal, and/or labor/installation. shop categories batteries chargers lighting accessories repairs & services smart home replacements about us our company store locator business accounts opens in new window blog opens in new window in the news opens in new window promotions careers opens in new window franchise opportunity opens in new window sitemap product support faqs safety data sheets recall notices supply chain transparency vendors verified reviews our policies conditions of use privacy shipping returns warranty accessibility policy terms and conditions let's stay connected all registered trademarks are the property of their respective owners. copyright ©2021, batteries plus llc. all rights reserved. duracell is a registered trademark of duracell u.s. operations, inc., used under license. all rights reserved. your cart (0 items) checkout