来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20231228142823/https://www.batteriesplus.com/recycling
================================================================================

recycling services for customers at batteries plus skip to content product search category all search my account log in or register sign in to your account email address password toggle password visibility log in forgot your password? new to batteries plus? create an account my store choose a store my store 18 stores near you choose store 0 my cart view cart open menu close menu close menu batteries featured categories car and truck boat and marine sealed lead acid golf camper and rv motorcycle atv watch powersport see all batteries chargers featured categories car and truck boat and marine sealed lead acid laptop cell phone golf motorcycle atv see all chargers lighting featured categories led smart home fluorescent flashlights emergency lights lighting guide see all lighting gear & equipment featured categories generators apc/ups systems goal zero phone essentials surge protectors battery boxes fuses emergency prep see all gear & equipment repairs & services featured categories iphone services samsung services tablet repair key fob replacement car battery installation services watch battery replacement recycling all cell phone services laptop repair see all repairs & services auto center featured categories batteries chargers light bulbs key fobs battery installation booster cables car battery buying guide warranties see all auto center own a store business accounts promotions cancel previous step cancel recycling services our goal is simple: recycle even more than we sell. we believe in recycling because it's the right thing to do for our customers, for our communities, and for the earth itself. recycling services our goal is simple: recycle even more than we sell. we believe in recycling because it's the right thing to do for our customers, for our communities, and for the earth itself. it couldn't be easier recycling your used batteries, light bulbs, and small electronics is as close as the nearest batteries plus store. find your store here's what we recycle batteries lead acid cars & trucks golf carts sump pumps boats motorcycle rv mowers floor scrubbers nickel cadmium cordless phones drills camcorders calculators electronic flash units battery packs nickel metal hydride exit & emergency lights golf carts flashlights camcorders cameras barcode scanners backup power battery packs lithium ion & polymer cell phones laptops two-way radios scanners tools flashlights watches battery packs household tv remotes kids toys flashlights video game controllers wireless headsets specialty watches keyfobs hearing aid medical devices bathroom scales lighting led compact fluorescent bulbs (cfl) incandescent circular fluorescent fluorescent tubes u bend fluorescent ballasts plastic coated & shatter shield germicidal & uv lamps mercury vapor cold cathode halogen metal halide high pressure sodium small electronics tablets laptops cell phones & smartphones portable tools power cords charging accessories additional recycling services for businesses, other battery chemistries and small electronics are available upon request, fees may apply. some of these services include volume discount opportunities, boxes for battery and light bulb recycling, and recycling pickup options. see store for further details. recycling for customers batteries plus makes recycling simple. just bring your recyclable batteries, bulbs & electronics to your nearest store and we’ll take care of the rest. please be aware fees may apply, and will vary based on location. when you deliver your recyclables to us, we pass them on to our recycling partners who in turn repurpose the salvageable material for secondary uses and keep dangerous materials out of landfills. recycling for businesses open a free business account and reap the benefits! recycling your spent batteries, bulbs, and electronics is easy with batteries plus. many accounts include recycling services, which means that you can bring your recyclable batteries, bulbs, chargers, phones, tablets, and more right to your local store. fees may apply and will vary by location, commercial discounts are available. did you know... each year, our stores recycle about 47.5 million pounds of lead acid batteries - for comparison, that's more than the weight of 3,950 elephants - and more than 1.68 million pounds of all other chemistries including alkaline, lithium ion, nicd, electronic devices, etc. our stores recycle over half a million pounds (306 tons) of light bulbs and over 30,000 pounds (15 tons) of ballasts annually. recycling creates jobs! according to the national recycling coalition, recycling creates four jobs for every one job created in the waste management and disposal industries. the epa estimates that 75% of the american waste stream is recyclable, but we only recycle about 30% of it. according to the national recycling coalition, simply recycling one glass bottle saves enough energy to light a 100-watt light bulb for 4 hours. according to recycling revolution, the u.s. is the #1 trash-producing country in the world at 1,609 pounds per person per year. this means that 5% of the world's people generate 40% of the world's waste. battery recycling faqs which batteries can be recycled at batteries plus? the majority of stores will accept: lead acid - cars, trucks and emergency lighting nicd (non-liquid) - cordless phones, tools and two way radios nimh (non- liquid) - camcorders, cameras and bar code scanners lithium ion battery types - cell phones and laptops please call ahead to ensure your local store is able to provide you with our recycling services. costs may apply and vary by location due to state and local regulations. do you accept lead-acid batteries, such as car batteries? yes, batteries plus recycles car & truck batteries. we also offer a core credit for recycling lead acid batteries with us when purchasing a new one. contact your local store for more information. how can i make recycling/disposing of my batteries as safe as possible? it is recommended to bag or place strips of clear tape over the terminals of the battery you would like to recycle. this ensures your safety, as well as the safety of store employees and folks at the recycling center. do you have a location where i can drop off my batteries? drop off your recyclable batteries at your local batteries plus store. why should i recycle batteries rather than throw them in the trash? each one of us has a responsibility to the environment, and a responsibility for the products we use. most batteries contain hazardous chemicals and rare metals that are a limited resource on our planet; by recycling these materials they can be reused for generations to come. how do i dispose of batteries? if the battery you want to recycle is embedded, meaning it is a part of the device itself, don't remove it; bring the whole device to the store. one of our associates will safely recycle the used battery for you. if the batteries are not embedded, remove them from the device and bring them to your local batteries plus store to ensure proper recognition. how much does battery recycling cost? costs will vary by location due to local and state regulations. please check with your local store for exact costs in your area. why is there a cost to recycle batteries? there may be a cost to recycle your batteries based off of the type of battery and your location due to state and local regulations. these services may come at a cost but are vital in helping sustain our environment and keeping batteries out of landfills while being able to repurpose the salvageable materials. how do you dispose of a car battery? bring your used car battery into the nearest batteries plus and we will take care of the rest. more than 85 percent of our car batteries are comprised of recycled components, ensuring these batteries don't end up in landfills. what happens to batteries i recycle at batteries plus? the batteries are recycled safely through our battery recycling partners to help sustain the environment and reduce waste sent to landfills. the salvageable material in batteries will be separated and reused. does the brand name matter when recycling batteries? brand name makes no difference. what does matter is the chemistry of the battery that will be recycled. light bulb recycling faqs why should i recycle light bulbs? recycling light bulbs reduces landfill waste, and some bulbs contain mercury which can create contaminated leachate, which can affect our water and drinking supply, among many other things. lastly, the raw material in bulbs can be reused and repurposed, eliminating the need to mine more of that material. how do i recycle/dispose of light bulbs? no matter the type of light bulb, from fluorescent to incandescent to cfl to halogen, it is always recommended to recycle used bulbs safely and properly. this is why batteries plus accepts all types of light bulbs for recycling. fees may apply and will vary based on bulb type and store location. what kind of light bulbs does batteries plus recycle? batteries plus recycles: led compact fluorescet light bulbs fluorescent tubes circular fluorescent u bend fluorescent plastic coated and shatter shield incandescent spot/flood lamps germicidal and uv lamps halogen metal halide high pressure sodium mercury vapor cold cathode ballasts does batteries plus accept fluorescent light bulbs? yes, batteries plus recycles fluorescent tubes, compact fluorescent light bulbs, circular fluorescent, and u-bend fluorescent bulbs. fluorescent bulbs such as cfls (compact fluorescent light bulbs) contain a small amount of mercury. when you bring your old fluorescent bulbs to batteries plus, you are ensuring these items will be recycled in a responsible and safe manner. what is the light bulb recycling process? the bulbs we recycle are safely taken to our bulb recycling partner's facility to separate different types of bulbs in order to properly recycle them. this allows for materials to be separated and repurposed. did you know that almost 90% of the material in light bulbs is recyclable? which light bulbs contain hazardous material? some bulbs are more hazardous than others and contain mercury. examples of these include fluorescent bulbs such as cfls and high intensity discharge (hid) bulbs such as flood lights. what if i only have a small quantity of bulbs to dispose of? no matter the quantity, always make sure to recycle your bulbs. please visit your local batteries plus store to do so. what happens to bulbs i recycle at batteries plus? our batteries plus recycling partner ensures that bulbs are separated, processed, and recycled safely. all salvage reusable materials from the bulbs will be reused and kept out of landfills. electronics recycling faqs what types of small portable electronics can be recycled at batteries plus? most of our stores can accept small portable electronics and accessories that fall under the following: tablets - popular tablets such as ipads and surface pros laptops - small compact laptops such as chromebooks and macbook air phones - cell phones and smartphones portable tools - battery powered drills power cords - power cord & charging accessories for tablets, laptops, cell phones, and smartphones. please call ahead. you'll want to make sure your local batteries plus store is able to recycle exactly what you need. be aware that certain fees may apply. do you have a location where i can drop off my old electronics? drop off your small portable electronics at your local batteries plus store. please call ahead to ensure your local store is able to provide you with our recycling services. fees may apply. does batteries plus accept old laptops? the majority of our stores will accept old laptops and charging accessories used with it. please call ahead to ensure your local batteries plus store is able to provide you with our recycling services. fees may apply. will it cost money to bring in my old electronics? fees may apply when recycling your old electronics. a phone call to your favorite batteries plus location will tell you if that's the case. one of our experts will be glad to tell you what kinds of things they recycle, and whether any fees apply. does batteries plus wipe the data or hard drive for any tablets, laptops, or phones i bring in? if possible, please restore any devices to factory settings prior to dropping off at your local batteries plus location. don't forget to save any data and photos on your old device before performing a factory reset. also, remember to remove any sim cards and sd cards from your phone. our stores do not have the ability to wipe data, however, our electronics recycling partner will wipe the data. why can’t i just throw my old devices and batteries away? if your electronics wind up in a landfill, they leave behind wires, plastic, and e-waste which can damage the environment. most electronics contain toxic materials which can leak into groundwater or even the atmosphere when heated. by recycling with your local batteries plus location, you're ensuring that your electronics are disposed of responsibly and in accordance with the law. help is just a phone call away! 1-800-677-8278 we strive to provide the best price available on batteriesplus.com and in our stores. store pricing may vary from the price advertised on batteriesplus.com. fees may apply for recycling, environmental disposal, and/or labor/installation. shop categories batteries chargers lighting gear & equipment repairs & services smart home replacements about us our company store locator business accounts blog in the news promotions careers franchise opportunity sitemap charitable donation form product support faqs safety data sheets rebate redemption recall notices recycling supply chain transparency vendors verified reviews our policies conditions of use privacy shipping returns warranty accessibility terms and conditions email promotion signup let's stay connected sign up to receive info on the latest products, offers & more! * required first name * last name email address * subscribe follow us copyright ©2023, batteries plus llc. all rights reserved.duracell is a registered trademark of duracell u.s. operations, inc., used under license. all rights reserved.