来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20250507222653/https://www.batteriesplus.com/policies/privacy
================================================================================

privacy policy for batteries plus at batteries plus skip to content san rafael, ca / closes at 5:00 pm my store san rafael, ca 2064 4th st today's hours: 10:00 am - 5:00 pm store details change store product search search log in sign in to your account email address max 50 characters password toggle password visibility log in forgot your password? new to batteries plus? create an account 0 cart my cart open menu close menu close shop by category categories batteries featured car and truck boat and marine sealed lead acid golf camper and rv motorcycle atv key fob powersport cell phone see all batteries chargers featured car and truck boat and marine sealed lead acid laptop cell phone golf motorcycle atv see all chargers lighting featured led smart home fluorescent flashlights emergency lights lighting guide see all lighting gear & equipment featured generators apc/ups systems x2 power stations phone essentials surge protectors battery boxes fuses emergency prep key fob shells see all gear & equipment repairs & services featured iphone services samsung services tablet repair key services car battery installation services watch battery replacement recycling all cell phone services laptop repair see all repairs & services auto center featured batteries chargers light bulbs key services battery installation booster cables car battery buying guide warranties see all auto center brand shops featured x2power batteries plus alkaline duracell alkaline energizer alkaline and lithium rayovac alkaline goal zero power sonic today's deals find a service categories cell phone repair featured apple google samsung see all cell phone repair tablet repair featured apple amazon samsung see all tablet repair key & fob services featured key, fob & remote replacement key fob battery replacement key fob shell replacement see all key & fob services car battery installation watch battery replacement laptop repair all services more at batteries plus own a store business accounts cancel previous step cancel san rafael, ca / closes at 5:00 pm my store san rafael, ca 2064 4th st today's hours: 10:00 am - 5:00 pm store details change store privacy policy version 7 effective date february 23, 2024 batteries plus llc is committed to protecting your privacy. this policy describes our practices regarding personal and account information collected by batteries plus llc ("we," "us," "our," "bplus" or, "batteries plus") at our stores, online at batteriesplus.com and batteriesplusfranchise.com (site or web site) this privacy policy, along with our conditions of use governs your use of the batteries plus website at https://www.batteriesplus.com/ and https://www.batteriesplusfranchise.com/   ("site") and any related websites on sub-domains, extensions, and locales that we own, and any related online platforms, social media, applications and software systems that we operate. for the purposes of this privacy policy, we will refer to all of these access points as the batteries plus system ("system"). by accessing the site on any computer, mobile phone, tablet, or other device, making a purchase from us, using any of our applications, products, services, features, tools, or resources, or otherwise interacting with us through the site, you expressly agree to the terms of this privacy policy and our terms/conditions of use. if you do not agree to the privacy policy, please do not use the site. in this policy, "personal and account information" means your name, company name, account number, address, telephone number, and e-mail address plus other information that may personally identify you ("personally identifiable information"). in particular, batteries plus's website may have collected the following categories of personally identifiable information: identifiers which may include a real name, postal address, telephone number, unique personal identifier, online identifier, internet protocol address, geolocation, email address, or other similar identifiers. commercial information which may include records of products or services purchased, obtained, or considered, or other purchasing or consuming histories or tendencies. internet or other similar network activity may include browsing history, search history, information on a consumer's interaction with a website, application, or advertisement. we reserve the right to modify this privacy policy from time to time and will post the current version on the websites as further detailed in the "changes to the privacy policy" section below. we encourage you to periodically review the privacy policy to stay informed about how we are using the information we collect. how much information must i share? the amount and type of information we collect from you depends on your in store and online activities and use of our web site. below, we explain what information we collect. when you browse our web site information collected by us is voluntarily provided by you and may include information such as your name, address, email, phone number and other contact information. we may also collect other personally identifiable information that you choose to include in any communications that you send to us. we may use your personally identifiable information to respond to your requests for information and provide you with information. our site may also collect general information about your technology interface or preferences (such as the type of browser used or the files requested). additionally, we may collect information regarding the websites you visit and other information, as described in this privacy policy. we may also use third-party web analytics services in our online services, such as those of google analytics. these service providers help us analyze how users use our online services. information collected as a part of google analytics (including your ip address and email address) is automatically sent to google, and google may place cookies to help with the analysis. learn more about google analytics   and download an opt-out browser add-on  . we may use third-party vendors or social sites, such as google adwords or facebook, to advertise to customers online for purposes of, including without limitation, initiating direct marketing programs on our behalf, data tracking, maintenance or development of our system, development of online products and services or customer service or new product development, or other contracted promotional opportunities provided to our users. these third-party vendors and social sites may have privacy policies that differ from our own. we are not in any way responsible for the activities and practices that take place on these websites. accordingly, we recommend that you review the privacy policy posted on any external site before disclosing any personal information. please contact those websites directly if you have any questions about their privacy policies. you may choose to create accounts on websites or platforms owned or controlled by third parties to purchase our products. these third parties may use your information for their own purposes, including for behavioral advertising and analytics purposes. we do not control and are not responsible for the collection, use or other processing of your information by these third parties through the accounts you create with them. please refer to their privacy policies to learn about how they handle your personal information. these third-party vendors and social sites may display batteries plus advertisements on other web sites based on user's internet usage. more specifically, these vendors use cookies to inform, optimize, and serve ads based on a user's past visits to the site. any information that these third parties collect via cookies could be linked to personally identifiable information we collect, or you provide on the web site. for security purposes, your contact information will be hashed prior to transmission to third party advertising partners. you can learn how to opt out of ad network interest-based advertising  . we may transfer your personally identifiable information and other information that you submit on our site to our offices, affiliates, and service providers. however, we can, and will ask our service providers to use, store and otherwise process your information in accordance with this policy regardless of where it is transferred. we do not share your personally identifiable information with third parties, without your consent, except as described in this policy and to the extent required by law, in accordance with your instructions. when you make purchases through our web site we collect your name, address, and payment information (such as credit card number, expiration date and credit card verification code) to process your order. we may also collect your zip code to assist in finding whether a certain product is available at a store near you. when you create an e-account on our web site we collect your username, password, bill-to address, ship-to address and email address. you can help us ensure your privacy by not sharing your username or password. when you subscribe to our email newsletter through our web site we use your email information to deliver newsletters, company information, and promotions. your email information may be used in conjunction with any purchases you make at batteriesplus.com to provide customized offers or promotions. you may opt out of future communications by clicking on the "unsubscribe" link in any communication received from us or by updating your account settings. when you subscribe to our text marketing through our web site we collect various information on our behalf from and about you, including information you directly provide if you sign-up for an interact with text messages. for example, we collect the phone number you provided when signing up for texts. when you send messages via text, we will also collect your messaging history and any information included in those messages. information gathered through the text messaging program will not be shared with third parties or affiliates for marketing purposes. when you sign up for e-receipts in our stores we collect your email address and the other information that you provide in order to provide you with an electronic receipt for your in-store purchase. when you communicate with us through our web site or in our stores we collect your email address and the other information that you provide in order to respond to your communication. when you enter contests, participate in surveys, submit forms or applications, or register for other activities, we collect your name, email address and phone number, and the other information that is required for entry or participation or information relevant to your ability to purchase a franchise, which varies depending on the activity. our business partners may co-sponsor contests on our site. if you enter one of these contests our co-sponsors may receive the information collected or may collect the information directly. in these situations, we will tell you who is collecting your information, how they may use it and how to contact them. we may use geofencing to send you batteries plus advertisements. we may use the location information from your mobile device or browser to tailor the service experience to your current location (i.e., show you a list of nearby batteries plus locations.) when you visit a batteries plus location or another fenced location of our choosing, we may collect device information. if you visit an eligible website via your phone browser within the next 7- 14 days following such store visit you may receive a batteries plus ad. we may use your phone number to call or text you at the phone number provided. this contact may be made using automated or pre-recorded artificial voice technology. message and data rates may apply. you don't need to consent as a condition of any purchase, and you may opt out at any time. how is my personal and account information used? we collect information about you in order to provide you with services and products and also collect information that is necessary for our site to work properly. we use personal information about our users for a variety of purposes related to our business. we may use your personal and account information to provide products or services you have requested, respond to a communication from you, contact you, and as otherwise described in this policy. we may occasionally send you promotional, product or franchising information via regular mail, email, or other electronic channels, including ads on social media platforms. if you do not wish to receive promotional, product or franchising information, you may opt out of future communications by following the instructions in the communication. in addition, in order to measure how we are doing and to better understand how we can improve our product offerings, we or one of our service providers or strategic partners may contact you by telephone or e-mail and solicit your participation in research. your participation is voluntary. if you become our customer, we may send you updates on important information about our company and services. the batteries plus site may track the total number of visitors to our site, the number of visitors to each page of our site, ip addresses, computer and browser type, version and domain, dates and times of use of each page of our site, and any third party web site from which you were transferred to this site, and more, and we may analyze data for trends and statistics in the aggregate, but this information will be in aggregate form only and it will not contain personally identifiable information. this aggregate information is not linked to any personally identifiable information that can identify any individual person. we may use this aggregate information to analyze trends, administer the site, track users' movement and gather broad demographic information for aggregate use and to improve the batteries plus site. how is my personal and account information shared? we restrict access to your personal and account information to those who need access to use it as set forth in this policy, which includes franchisees and service providers who are restricted by confidentiality obligations. we are unable to reverse hashed ecommerce passwords and are thus not able to view any e-account passwords. we may share your personal and account information with our third-party services providers, including but not limited to our credit card processors, web site developers and hosts, advertising agencies, third party shippers and other services providers, whose use of your information is limited to providing services to us. we do not sell, trade, rent or otherwise share your personal information with others. in addition to the uses set forth above, we may use and share the categories of information identified above: to comply with applicable legally and regulatory requests and obligations (including investigations) to establish or defend legal claims and allegations. for security or the prevention, detection, or investigation of fraud, suspected or actual illegal activity, violations of company policy or rules, or other misconduct. to seek advice and consultation from lawyers, auditors, insurance companies, and other professional advisers. with potential or actual purchasers of all or part of our business in connection with a business transaction. we may provide aggregate information and the data generated by cookies to web design and marketing firms we contract for web site development and advertising purposes. rakuten advertising may collect personal information when you interact with our digital property, including ip addresses, digital identifiers, information about your web browsing and app usage and how you interact with our properties and ads for a variety of purposes, such as personalization of offers or advertisements, analytics about how you engage with websites or ads and other commercial purposes. to opt-out of rakuten advertising's collection of any personal information, you may do so here: https://rakutenadvertising.com/legal-notices/services-privacy-rights-request-form/  . for more information about the collection, use and sale of your personal data and your rights, please visit rakuten advertising's privacy page  . cookies & other tracking tools as described in the sections above, when you visit the site or system, we may collect certain information from you automatically, such as your internet protocol (ip) address, mac address, browser type, operating system, device-identifying information, the specific web pages visited during your connection, and the domain name from which you accessed the websites. in addition, we may collect information about your browsing behavior, such as the date and time you visit the websites, the areas or pages of the websites that you visit, the amount of time you spend viewing the websites, the number of times you return to the websites and other clickstream data. like many commercial websites, we collect this information through what is known as "cookie" technology or similar tracking tools on the websites. a cookie is a small text file that is placed on your computer when you access the websites and allows us to recognize you each time you visit the websites. we may use cookies to: (1) allow you to use the websites without having to re-enter your user name and password; (2) enhance or personalize your usage of the websites and shopping experience on the websites; (3) monitor usage of the websites; (4) manage the websites; and (5) improve the websites and our products and services, including providing you with interest-based ads. for more information on our advertising, see "interest-based advertising" below. if you choose, you can set your browser to reject cookies or you can manually delete individual cookies or all of the cookies on your computer by following your browser's help file directions. however, if your browser is set to reject cookies or you manually delete cookies, you may have some trouble accessing and using some of the pages and features that are currently on our websites, or that we may put on our websites in the future. note that browser-management tools for cookies are outside of our control and we cannot guarantee their effectiveness. we may combine the information we collect through cookies or other tools with other information we have collected from you or information from other sources. how do i unsubscribe from emails? if you do not wish to receive emails from us, you may opt out of future communications by clicking on the "unsubscribe" link in any communication received from us or by updating your account settings. how do i adjust ad preferences for ad network interest-based advertising? we may use third-party advertising companies and platforms, such as google ads, to advertise to our users online. these third-party vendors use tracking technologies to serve our advertisements across the internet. these advertising companies serve ads on behalf of us and others on nonaffiliated sites, and some of those ads may be personalized, meaning that they are intended to be relevant to you based on your search history or other information collected elsewhere over time. more specifically, these vendors use cookies to inform, optimize, and serve ads based on your past visits to the site or another site affiliated with our products or services. any information collected via cookies may be linked to personally identifiable information (name, address, email address, or phone number) we collect, or you provide on the website. contact information is hashed prior to transmission to third party advertising partners. to learn about how to opt out of ad network interest-based advertising  . if you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices concerning interest-based ads, visit: https://optout.networkadvertising.org/   or https://youradchoices.com/control  . children's privacy our site is not directed at nor targeted to children under the age of 13 and we do not knowingly collect any personal information from children under the age of 13. if you believe that a child under the age of 13 has provided personal information to us, please contact us promptly as described in the "contact us" section below, and we will endeavor to investigate and delete such information from our systems. retention of your personal information we may retain your personal information for as long as necessary to fulfill the purpose for which it was collected or to comply with legal or regulatory requirements. we strive to retain your personal information no longer than is reasonably necessary to carry out the purposes listed in this notice or as required by law. identifiers which may include a real name, postal address, telephone number, unique personal identifier, online identifier, internet protocol address, email address, or other similar identifiers will be retained for as long as services are performed and thereafter for record keeping purposes or as otherwise required by law or legal process. commercial information which may include records of products or services purchased, obtained, or considered, or other purchasing or consuming histories or tendencies will be retained for as long as services are performed and thereafter for record keeping purposes or as otherwise required by law or legal process. internet or other similar network activity may include browsing history, search history, information on a consumer's interaction with a website, application, or advertisement will be retained only for as long as services are performed and for record keeping purposes or as otherwise required by law or legal process. security we maintain reasonable and appropriate measures designed to maintain information we collect in a secure manner. we have taken certain physical, electronic, and administrative steps to safeguard and secure the information we collect from visitors to the sites. even though we follow reasonable procedures to try to protect the information in our possession, no security system is perfect, and we cannot promise, and you should not expect, that your information will be secure in all circumstances changes to the privacy policy we may change the privacy policy from time to time, including as required to keep current with rules and regulations, new technologies, and security standards. when we do, we will post the change(s) on the site. if we change the privacy policy in a material and retroactive manner, we will provide appropriate notice to you your state privacy rights we adopt this notice to comply with state privacy laws, including but not limited to the california consumer privacy act of 2018 (ccpa) and its regulations as amended by the california privacy rights act (cpra) along with other state privacy laws. information we collect our website collects information that identifies, relates to, describes, references, is capable of being associated with, or could reasonably be linked, directly or indirectly, with a particular consumer or device ("personal information"). in particular, batteries plus's website has collected the following categories of personal information from its consumers within the last twelve (12) months: identifiers which may include a real name, postal address, telephone number, unique personal identifier, online identifier, internet protocol address, email address, or other similar identifiers. commercial information which may include records of products or services purchased, obtained, or considered, or other purchasing or consuming histories or tendencies. internet or other similar network activity may include browsing history, search history, information on a consumer's interaction with a website, application, or advertisement. personal information does not include: publicly available information from government records. deidentified or aggregated consumer information. information excluded from the ccpa's scope or other similar state laws. batteries plus obtains the categories of personal information listed above from the following categories of sources: directly from you. for example, from forms you complete or products and services you purchase. indirectly from you. for example, from observing your actions on our website. from third parties who are authorized to provide us with such data. use of personal information we may use or disclose personal information we collect for one or more of the following purposes: to fulfill or meet the reason you provided the information. for example, if you share your name and contact information to request a price quote or ask a question about our products or services, we will use that personal information to respond to your inquiry. if you provide your personal information to purchase a product or service, we will use that information to process your payment and facilitate delivery. we may also save your information to facilitate new product orders or process returns. to provide, support, personalize, and develop our website, products, and services. to create, maintain, customize, and secure your account with us. to process your requests, purchases, transactions, and payments and prevent transactional fraud. to provide you with support and to respond to your inquiries, including to investigate and address your concerns and monitor and improve our responses. to personalize your website experience and to deliver content and product and service offerings relevant to your interests, including targeted offers and ads through our website, third-party sites, and via email or text message (with your consent, where required by law). to help maintain the safety, security, and integrity of our website, products and services, databases and other technology assets, and business. for testing, research, analysis, and product development, including to develop and improve our website, products, and services. to respond to law enforcement requests and as required by applicable law, court order, or governmental regulations. as described to you when collecting your personal information or as otherwise set forth in the ccpa or other similar state laws. to evaluate or conduct a merger, divestiture, restructuring, reorganization, dissolution, or other sale or transfer of some or all of batteries plus's assets, whether as a going concern or as part of bankruptcy, liquidation, or similar proceeding, in which personal information held by batteries plus about our website users is among the assets transferred. batteries plus will not collect additional categories of personal information or use the personal information we collected for materially different, unrelated, or incompatible purposes without providing you notice. we will limit our collection, use, retention, and sharing of personal information to actions reasonably necessary and proportionate to achieve: the purposes for which the personal information was collected or processed; or another disclosed purpose that is compatible with the context of the personal information collection. sharing personal information batteries plus may disclose your personal information to a third party for a business purpose related to the service or product we are providing you. when we disclose personal information for a business purpose, we enter a contract that describes the purpose and requires the recipient to both keep that personal information confidential and not use it for any purpose except performing the contract. we do not sell personal information. your rights and choices certain states (including the ccpa for california residents) provide consumers with specific rights regarding their personal information. this section describes your rights and explains how to exercise those rights. access to specific information and data portability rights you have the right to request that batteries plus disclose certain information to you about our collection and use of your personal information over the past 12 months. once we receive and confirm your verifiable consumer request (see exercising access, data portability, and deletion rights), we will disclose to you: the categories of personal information we collected about you. the categories of sources for the personal information we collected about you. our business or commercial purpose for collecting or selling that personal information. the categories of third parties with whom we share that personal information deletion request rights you have the right to request that batteries plus delete any of your personal information that we collected from you and retained, subject to certain exceptions. once we receive and confirm your verifiable consumer request (see exercising access, data portability, and deletion rights), we will delete (and direct our service providers to delete) your personal information from our records, unless an exception applies. we may deny your deletion request if retaining the information is necessary for us or our service provider(s) to: complete the transaction for which we collected the personal information, provide a good or service that you requested, take actions reasonably anticipated within the context of our ongoing business relationship with you, or otherwise perform our contract with you. detect security incidents, protect against malicious, deceptive, fraudulent, or illegal activity, or prosecute those responsible for such activities. debug products to identify and repair errors that impair existing intended functionality. exercise free speech, ensure the right of another consumer to exercise their free speech rights, or exercise another right provided for by law. comply with the california electronic communications privacy act (cal. penal code § 1546 et. seq.) or other similar state laws. engage in public or peer-reviewed scientific, historical, or statistical research in the public interest that adheres to all other applicable ethics and privacy laws, when the information's deletion may likely render impossible or seriously impair the research's achievement, if you previously provided informed consent. enable solely internal uses that are reasonably aligned with consumer expectations based on your relationship with us. comply with a legal obligation. make other internal and lawful uses of that information that are compatible with the context in which you provided it. data correction you have the right to request corrections of any inaccuracies in your personal information. exercising access, data portability, correction and deletion rights to exercise the access, data portability, correction, and deletion rights described above, please submit a verifiable consumer request to us by either: calling us at: 800-677-8278 or submit a request: bpprivacy.exterro.net/portal/dsar.htm only you, or someone legally authorized to act on your behalf, may make a verifiable consumer request related to your personal information. all requests must be made via the designated portal. you may only make a verifiable consumer request for access or data portability twice within a 12-month period. the verifiable consumer request must: provide sufficient information that allows us to reasonably verify you are the person about whom we collected personal information or an authorized representative. describe your request with sufficient detail that allows us to properly understand, evaluate, and respond to it. we cannot respond to your request or provide you with personal information if we cannot verify your identity or authority to make the request and confirm the personal information relates to you. making a verifiable consumer request does not require you to create an account with us. however, we do consider requests made through your password protected account sufficiently verified when the request relates to personal information associated with that specific account. we will only use personal information provided in a verifiable consumer request to verify the requestor's identity or authority to make the request. response timing and format all requests must be sent to bpprivacy.exterro.net/portal/dsar.htm we will confirm receipt of your request within ten (10) business days provided it is submitted via the portal noted above. we endeavor to substantively respond to a verifiable consumer request within forty-five (45) days of its receipt. if we require more time (up to another 45 days), we will inform you of the reason and extension period in writing. if you have an account with us, we will deliver our written response to that account. if you do not have an account with us, we will deliver our written response by mail or electronically, at your option. any disclosures we provide will only cover the 12-month period preceding the verifiable consumer request's receipt. the response we provide will also explain the reasons we cannot comply with a request, if applicable. we do not charge a fee to process or respond to your verifiable consumer request unless it is excessive, repetitive, or manifestly unfounded. if we determine that the request warrants a fee, we will tell you why we made that decision and provide you with a cost estimate before completing your request. non-discrimination we will not discriminate against you for exercising any of your state privacy rights. unless permitted by the privacy laws in your state, including the ccpa or other similar state laws, we will not: deny you goods or services; charge you different prices or rates for goods or services, including through granting discounts or other benefits, or imposing penalties; provide you a different level or quality of goods or services; suggest that you may receive a different price or rate for goods; or services or a different level or quality of goods or services. however, we may offer you certain financial incentives permitted by the ccpa or other similar state laws that can result in different prices, rates, or quality levels. any state-permitted financial incentive we offer will reasonably relate to your personal information's value and contain written terms that describe the program's material aspects. participation in a financial incentive program requires your prior opt in consent, which you may revoke at any time. other california privacy rights california's "shine the light" law (civil code section § 1798.83) permits users of our website that are california residents to request certain information regarding our disclosure of personal information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes. submit a request by going to bpprivacy.exterro.net/portal/dsar.htm right to removal of posted information information—california minors if you are under 18 years of age, reside in california, and have a registered account with us, you have the right to request removal of unwanted information that you publicly post on the sites. to request removal of such information, you can contact us as set forth in the "contact us" section below. upon receiving such a request, we will make sure that the information is not publicly available on the sites, but the information may not be completely or comprehensively removed from our systems and databases. visitors from outside the united states—cross-border transfer the sites and system are intended for use of residents of the united states. if you are visiting the sites and system from outside the united states, you understand and agree that your personal information may be transferred to, stored, and processed in the united states or other countries in accordance with the privacy policy. the data protection and other applicable laws of the united states or other countries may not be as comprehensive as those laws or regulations in your country or may otherwise differ from the data protection or consumer protection laws in your country. your information may be available to government authorities under lawful orders and law applicable in such jurisdictions. by using the sites and/or providing personal information to us, you consent to the transfer of your information to the united states or other countries as described in the privacy policy. contact us if you have questions or concerns about the privacy policy or how we collect and use the information of our customers, you may contact us via email (customercare@batteriesplus.com), phone. our customer care team is available by phone 7:30am ct – 6:00pm ct, monday through friday 1-800-677-8278. comments or questions can also be sent to us via postal mail, and we will use reasonable efforts to promptly review and respond as appropriate: batteries plus 1325 walnut ridge drive hartland, wi 53029 please note that messages become our property and, unless you direct otherwise, may be used by us for promotional purposes. all requests made pursuant to state privacy laws must be made via the designated portal. bpprivacy.exterro.net/portal/dsar.htm only you, or someone legally authorized to act on your behalf, may make a verifiable consumer request related to your personal information. you may only make a verifiable consumer request for access or data portability twice within a 12-month period. the verifiable consumer request must: provide sufficient information that allows us to reasonably verify you are the person about whom we collected personal information or an authorized representative. describe your request with sufficient detail that allows us to properly understand, evaluate, and respond to it. all related privacy rights requests must be submitted to the portal designated above and not to customer care. if we need, or are required, to contact you concerning any event that involves your information, we may do so by email, telephone, or mail. if you make a purchase, we will send you a confirmation email. shop categories batteries chargers lighting gear & equipment repairs & services smart home replacements about us blog business accounts careers charitable donation form franchise opportunity in the news newsletter our company power with purpose promotions sitemap store locator product support contact us faqs prospective vendor recall notices recycling safety data sheets supply chain transparency verified reviews our policies accessibility conditions of use privacy returns shipping terms and conditions warranty shop categories batteries chargers lighting gear & equipment repairs & services smart home replacements about us blog business accounts careers charitable donation form franchise opportunity in the news newsletter our company power with purpose promotions sitemap store locator product support contact us faqs prospective vendor recall notices recycling safety data sheets supply chain transparency verified reviews our policies accessibility conditions of use privacy returns shipping terms and conditions warranty help is just a phone call away! 1-800-677-8278 follow us we strive to provide the best price available on batteriesplus.com and in our stores. store pricing may vary from the price advertised on batteriesplus.com. fees may apply for recycling, environmental disposal, and/or labor/installation. all registered trademarks are the property of their respective owners. copyright © , batteries plus llc. all rights reserved.duracell is a registered trademark of duracell u.s. operations, inc., used under license. all rights reserved.