来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20111211020635/http://www.bhfo.com/customer-service-faq
================================================================================

frequently asked questions about bhfo customer service home account shopping cart () checkout login logout item added [x] search all categories blog   •   press misses mens kids intimates bags accessories shoes jewelry sporting goods more features new arrivals view all sale items speciality sizes misses (view all) maternity (view all) petite (view all) plus size (view all) plus size petite (view all) features new arrivals view all sale items speciality sizes big and tall features new arrivals view all sale items speciality sizes boys (view all) girls (view all) unisex kids (view all) newborn (view all) juniors (view all) features new arrivals view all sale items speciality sizes plus size intimates features new arrivals view all sale items features new arrivals view all sale items features new arrivals view all sale items features new arrivals view all sale items features new arrivals view all sale items departments customer service if you need further assistance, please contact us thank you for shopping with bhfo! below are the answers to some frequently asked questions to start helping you right now. if this information still doesn't answer your question, please contact us 24 hours a day. we will make every effort to contact you within 24 hours of your email, during our business hours. bhfo inc. business hours monday through friday, 8:00 to 4:30 central standard time you are an outlet store, what kind of quality can i expect in my order? are your items authentic? i am looking for a specific size, do you have it? can i make an exchange, or get a different size? what is famous catalog? what is your return policy? what types of payment does bhfo accept? i live outside the usa, can i use a credit card? can i mail you a payment? have you received my payment yet? i have a promo code, how do i use it? can i use 2 promo codes? do you offer fast shipping? can i ship to a different address? i live here locally to iowa, can i pick up my items? do you ship to apo/fpo addresses? what countries to you ship to? i think bhfo made a mistake on my order. what do i do? what if i receive an incorrect or damaged item? how do i join your mailing list? if i was happy with my experience can i submit a testimonial for you to post on your site? is my personal information kept private? is it safe to use my credit card on bhfo.com? what is the best price guarantee? is my buying secure? you are an outlet store, what kind of quality can i expect in my order? we are proud to be a top store for discount brand-name clothes! you probably already know about our great prices, but as for quality; we carry brand new items that we purchase from department stores and catalog stores at locations around the world. please note: items may have multiple markdowns represented on the tag due to the nature of the liquidation market. the majority of our apparel and accessories are brand new with tags still attached with the exception of famous catalog. this catalog does not sell their merchandise with attached tags. we receive the merchandise in polybags, however we are required by the famous catalog company to remove all garments from polybags before re-selling. back to top are your items authentic? yes, everything bhfo sells is purchased directly from manufacturers, retailers or designers. back to top i am looking for a specific size, do you have it? our inventory is constantly changing. for your convenience, you can search our current inventory by size, style, color or brand. back to top can i make an exchange, or get a different size? sorry, since our inventory changes daily, we couldn't promise that we would have the same exact type of item in our inventory tomorrow. we sell our items for well below retail, so we are not able to offer this service. however we do offer returns on all items. please read our return policy for more information. back to top what is famous catalog? we also liquidate items for the world's most famous sportswear and lingerie catalog. this catalog is so famous that we are not allowed to use their name but i'm sure you can guess who we are talking about! the leading specialty retailer of lingerie in the world best known for their retail operations (over 1000 stores in the us alone) catalogue division (our source) offers extensive lines of apparel, suits, outerwear, swimwear and footwear in addition to the intimate apparel for which their stores are renowned the label may be removed or cut before it leaves the distribution center to prevent returns. however the care tags stay intact. shoes and accessories may be marked with an "x" on the bottom. back to top what is your return policy? please click here to view our return policy. back to top what types of payment does bhfo accept? we accept the following forms of payment (u.s. dollars only) during our secure, online checkout. visa, mastercard, discover, american express, maestro, solo, and paypal note to international buyers: credit cards must be issued by us banks. back to top i live outside the usa, can i use a credit card? yes, but only if it is issued by a usa bank. if you enter in a credit card that is not issued in the usa, the payment will not be accepted and your funds will be tied up for 5-7 business days through your credit card. note to international buyers: we gladly accept paypal for international orders. back to top can i mail you a payment? no, sorry we do not accept paper payments. back to top have you received my payment yet? bhfo will send you a confirmation email when payment clears. if you have paid and have not received a payment confirmation within 24 hours, please contact us. back to top i have a promo code, how do i use it? enter your promo code at checkout time for your order. please remember to do so or you will not receive your discount. back to top can i use 2 promo codes? no currently our checkout system is only set up to allow for one promo code to be used per transaction. back to top do you offer fast shipping? yes! most domestic orders will leave our warehouse within 1-2 business days of receipt of your payment. most international orders will leave our warehouse within 4 business days. if you need your order sooner, we do offer express delivery and your items will leave our warehouse within one business day. canadian orders only: due to the slow customs process, we suggest you utilize express service to get packages to you sooner; otherwise it could take up to 4 weeks to receive your order. back to top can i ship to a different address? sure, during the checkout process, specify where you want the items to ship to. make sure that if you are paying with a credit card, you have the correct billing address entered. back to top i live here locally to iowa, can i pick up my items? we do not offer local pick up at this time. back to top do you ship to apo/fpo addresses? yes we do, rates are the same as usa domestic. back to top what countries to you ship to? we ship worldwide to most countries. however, we do not ship to the following countries: azerbaijan burma/myanmar côte d'ivoire/ivory coast democratic republic of the congo cuba guadeloupe iran martinique mexico north korea romania russian federation somalia sudan syria zimbabwe back to top i think bhfo made a mistake on my order. what do i do? as much as we try to be perfect, mistakes do happen. we appreciate it that you let us know when we make a mistake. we can't fix a problem if we do not know about it and we strive for happy customers. contact info@bhfo.com to talk to us about the problem as soon as you can. back to top what if i receive an incorrect or damaged item? contact info@bhfo.com to talk to us about the problem as soon as possible so we can make it right. back to top how do i join your mailing list? please click on the link on our footer that says: "subscribe to the bhfo newsletter." back to top if i was happy with my experience can i submit a testimonial for you to post on your site? of course! we are thrilled to share your experience! please send an email to info@bhfo.com and let us know you would like your testimonial posted. thank you! back to top is my personal information kept private? please view our privacy policy. back to top is it safe to use my credit card on bhfo.com? yes, all transactions are processed over secure, encrypted pages to ensure that your transaction and payment information are protected. back to top what is the best price guarantee? from designer overproductions to department store overstocks, bhfo can purchase the excess at the lowest possible prices. we in turn pass these savings on to you, giving you the lowest price guaranteed plus offer free shipping on orders over $50! we will match any direct competitor’s catalog or online price within 30 days of purchase! this offer applies to all in stock merchandise. you must email us at info@bhfo.com within 30 days of your purchase. provide us your bhfo item number as well as competitor website item link. the guarantee only applies to the actual price of the item, excluding shipping. the item must be authentic as well as the exact make, model, size, brand, condition. the item must be in stock and available for immediate delivery from the competitor’s site. refunds will be applied within 10 days after we are contacted back to your original payment method. back to top is my buying secure? it is a common misconception that a secure site badge on the site actually symbolizes the site is secure. the fact is that a secure site image badge can be easily faked, so we specifically exclude this from our site as not to present users with a false sense of security. instead, we encourage you to verify the sites security via your web browser's built-in security features. this is a security verification method that cannot be faked by an external source. all modern web browsers have a variety of built in features that help you identify if a connection is secure. modern web browsers also have some features that will alert you when a secure connection fails for some reason, such as an expired or invalid security certificate, or a secure application that attempts to include non-secure resources. remember if you cannot verify that a connection is secure, never enter your password or personal information on that page. rest assured that all bhfo technology is custom built using the highest security standards. if you ever have any concerns regarding your information’s safety, feel free to contact us at info@bhfo.com. back to top thank you from all of us at bhfo. enjoy your shopping, and come back soon! all products sold by bhfo, inc. are authentic products, which are sourced from manufacturers, retailers, wholesalers, designers and catalog retailers. trademarks and brand names displayed on our website or in our product listings are the sole property of the trademark owners and are not the property of bhfo, inc. if for some reason the item is unavailable we will make every effort to contact our customer and remedy the situation. bhfo, inc. is not responsible for the fabric content, the cleaning method, and / or the durability of a product, which are the responsibilities of the apparel, shoes, or accessory manufacturer. photographs taken by our photographers are the property of bhfo, inc. and may not be used; unless we give you written permission to use them. brands facebook explore amazon twitter bhfo blog subscribe to our newsletters about us store policies testimonials best price guarantee faq customer service size charts contact us copyright © 2008- bhfo inc. all rights reserved