来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20161120113350/http://www.bhfo.com/pages/privacy-policy
================================================================================

privacy policy | bhfo shopping bag menu home brands catalog about us ebay my account log in designer fashion up to 60% off retail + free shipping! shopping bag women ▾ athletic apparel blazers camisoles & camisole sets coats & jackets dresses ▸ all dresses career dresses gowns maxi dresses party dresses prom jeans jumpsuits & rompers lingerie, bras & shapewear pants her halloween costumes scarves & wraps shorts skirts sleepwear & robes suits sweaters sweats & hoodies swimwear tops & blouses t-shirts & tanks vests her accessories ▸ belts gloves & mittens hats leg warmers socks & hosiery intimate accessories shoes ▾ womens ▸ athletic boots flats & oxfords heels sandals & flip flops slippers mens ▸ athletic boots casual dress & formal sandals & flip flops slippers baby shoes boy's shoes girl's shoes handbags & accessories ▾ handbags & purses wallets backpacks briefcases luggage sunglasses fashion jewelry ▸ necklaces rings earrings watches ▸ mens watches womens watches electronic cases hair care men ▾ athletic apparel blazers & sportcoats casual shirts coats & jackets dress shirts jeans pants shorts his halloween costumes sleepwear & robes suits & tuxedos sweaters sweats & hoodies swimwear t-shirts & tanks vests his accessories ▸ belts gloves handkerchiefs hats scarves socks sunglasses ties wallets underwear kids ▾ boys clothing (newborn-5t) boys clothing (sizes 4 & up) girls clothing (newborn-5t) girls clothing (sizes 4 & up) kids accessories kids halloween costumes home ▾ baby & nursery bath bedding ▸ blankets and throws bedspreads / quilts / coverlets bedskirts comforters and sets decorative bed pillows sheets and pillowcases pillow shams garden & outdoor living holiday ▸ table decor and serving pieces christmas ornaments christmas linens and pillows home decor housekeeping & organization kitchen, dining & bar ▸ cookware bath & body all other ▸ cell phone accessories sporting goods video games bhfo promotional products gifts ▾ gifts $25 and under gifts $25-$50 gifts $50-$100 clearance ▾ women clearance men clearance women athletic apparel blazers camisoles & camisole sets coats & jackets dresses all dresses career dresses gowns maxi dresses party dresses prom jeans jumpsuits & rompers lingerie, bras & shapewear pants her halloween costumes scarves & wraps shorts skirts sleepwear & robes suits sweaters sweats & hoodies swimwear tops & blouses t-shirts & tanks vests her accessories belts gloves & mittens hats leg warmers socks & hosiery intimate accessories shoes womens athletic boots flats & oxfords heels sandals & flip flops slippers mens athletic boots casual dress & formal sandals & flip flops slippers baby shoes boy's shoes girl's shoes handbags & accessories handbags & purses wallets backpacks briefcases luggage sunglasses fashion jewelry necklaces rings earrings watches mens watches womens watches electronic cases hair care men athletic apparel blazers & sportcoats casual shirts coats & jackets dress shirts jeans pants shorts his halloween costumes sleepwear & robes suits & tuxedos sweaters sweats & hoodies swimwear t-shirts & tanks vests his accessories belts gloves handkerchiefs hats scarves socks sunglasses ties wallets underwear kids boys clothing (newborn-5t) boys clothing (sizes 4 & up) girls clothing (newborn-5t) girls clothing (sizes 4 & up) kids accessories kids halloween costumes home baby & nursery bath bedding blankets and throws bedspreads / quilts / coverlets bedskirts comforters and sets decorative bed pillows sheets and pillowcases pillow shams garden & outdoor living holiday table decor and serving pieces christmas ornaments christmas linens and pillows home decor housekeeping & organization kitchen, dining & bar cookware bath & body all other cell phone accessories sporting goods video games bhfo promotional products gifts gifts $25 and under gifts $25-$50 gifts $50-$100 clearance women clearance men clearance home brands catalog about us ebay my account log in privacy policy bhfo.com privacy policy thank you for visiting the bhfo.com website. we collect customer information to help us to serve you better. we respect your privacy and are committed to maintaining and using this information responsibly.  this privacy policy tells you how we use personal information collected at this site. please read this privacy policy before using the site or submitting any personal information.  by using the site, you are accepting this privacy policy.  our policy may be changed, but any changes will be posted and changes will only apply to activities and information in the future and they will not be retroactive. you are encouraged to review the privacy policy whenever you visit the site to make sure that you understand how any personal information you provide will be used. note: the privacy practices set forth in this privacy policy are for our website only. if you link to other websites from our website, please review the privacy policies posted at those sites. information we collect about you any personal information you provide to us is maintained on secure servers and our internal systems. we collect information when you register online or update your account, log-in, place an order, communicate online or directly with our customer service representatives, opt-in to receive our emails, shop online, participate in a sweepstakes, contest, promotion or survey, join our social networking sites.  this information may include, but is not limited to, your contact information (for example, your name, email address, billing and shipping addresses and phone number). like many site operators, we collect information that your browser sends whenever you visit our site. this log data may include information such as your computer's internet protocol address, browser type, browser version, the pages of our site that you visit, the time and date of your visit, the time spent on those pages and other statistics. if you use our “email this product to a friend” functionality found on product pages, or if you choose to send an email from our site to a friend, we will also collect your friend’s name and email address. your friend’s information is only used to send the forwarding email and is not saved in our customer or marketing databases. your california privacy rights we collect various types of personal information about you, as described in this privacy policy. under california law, our customers who are residents of california may request certain information about our disclosure of personal information during the prior calendar year to third parties for their direct marketing purposes. to make such a request, please write to us at the following address: bhfo.com - 4520 20th ave. sw cedar rapids iowa us 52404 alternatively, you may send us an email at support@bhfo.com with the words “california privacy rights” in the subject line. how we use this information when you place an order on our website or through our customer service department, we use this information to process and track your order and contact you via email, postal mail or phone if we have any questions or concerns regarding your order. if you provide an email address during checkout, you will also receive order confirmation and shipping status emails. we also maintain a record of your purchases.  we may combine information you provide with demographic information and information that is publicly available.  we may also use information about your product preferences and interests in order to improve our site design and enhance your shopping experience.  if you communicate online with our customer service representatives, we will use the information you convey to respond to your requests and serve you better. we may also use your information to present a co-branded offer with our partners or affiliates. if we collect information from you in connection with a co-branded offer, it will be clear at the point of collection who is collecting the information and whose privacy statement applies. if we offer sweepstakes, contests, promotions or surveys, you may be required to provide certain personal information so we can notify winners and/or fulfill promotional obligations.  in these instances, you may receive emails, or postal mail from us regarding our products, services, contests, and promotions.  even if you have previously chosen not to receive email or postal mail from us, you may still receive information as it relates to the sweepstakes, contest, promotion or survey in which you have participated. in the unlikely event of a sale of some or all of our business, we may disclose your personal information to a purchaser that agrees to abide by the terms and conditions of this privacy policy. except as required by law, or as otherwise provided in this policy, we will not share your email address with unaffiliated third parties.  you should be aware that we may disclose specific information about you if required to do so by law, governmental request, process or court order or based on our good faith belief that it is necessary to conform or comply with such law, request or court order or to protect the users of our website or the public. when you supply your postal address, you may receive mail from us. we do not make our mailing lists available for use by unaffiliated third parties. unless otherwise specified herein, we reserve the right to compile, save, use within the scope of our activities, and analyze any and all data about you (contact and personal data, use history etc.) that we collect from you through the site. we use the personal information about you that you provide to us for our internal purposes, such as responding to your requests for information or materials, contacting you, conducting internal analyses such as surveys and market research, processing and completing orders, processing your payment, administering your account, and administering and developing our business relationship with you or the company you represent. we also use your personal information to communicate with you, for example, to provide you with administrative communications regarding your account, newsletters, press releases, or information or advertisements relating to products, offers, or programs that may be of interest to you. by submitting this personal information to us you (or your legal representative on your behalf) consent to this use. we have a general policy of not disclosing your personal information to third parties unless you have consented to such sharing. however, we may share the personal information about you that you provide to us with trusted companies we work with to provide services for us, such as sending out our newsletters, fulfilling orders you submit, or collecting and processing information on our behalf. these companies—our vendors—are contractually bound to use personal information that we share with them only to perform the services we have engaged them to provide. other companies may collect and use information you provide to us to better understand the offers, promotions and types of advertising that are most appealing to our customers. after the information is collected by these third parties, it is aggregated so it is not personally identifiable or tied to you or any other user. if you would prefer that these companies not collect your information, please email us at info@bhfo.com or contact us by phone at 1-855-588 (luv)-2436 (bhfo). we may also share your personal information in the event that our business is transferred to another entity by way of merger, sale of the company’s assets or otherwise. if you consent to sharing of your personal information, we may share your information with related entities and selected third parties so that they may provide you with or contact you regarding information and materials that may be of interest to you. if you prefer that we do not share your information in this manner, please refer to the section below on opting in and out. we may also collect and group demographic and preferences information, responses to surveys and other personal information that we collect from you into an aggregate, non-personally identifiable form for disclosure to our existing or potential business partners, affiliates, sponsors or other third parties. however, please be assured that this aggregate data will in no way personally identify you or any other visitors to the site. from time to time, we may collect general, non-personal statistical information about the use of the site, such as how many visitors visit a specific page on the site, how long they stay on that page and which hyperlinks, if any, they "click" on. we collect this information through the use of "cookies" and other tracking technologies, which are discussed in greater detail herein. we collect this information to determine which areas of the site are most popular and to enhance the site for visitors. as with other aggregated data, we may disclose such data to our existing or potential business partners, affiliates, sponsors or other third parties, but this aggregate data will in no way personally identify you or any other visitors to the site. customized advertising (behavioral marketing) advertisements displayed to you on our website and elsewhere on the web may be customized to your interests and preferences, based on information learned about you as you use our website and the web in general. marketing email communications at various points on our website, you have the option to join our email list and receive information from us. also, if you provide us with your email address when you register online or update your account, log-in, place an order, make a customer service inquiry, opt-in to receive our emails, shop online, or participate in a sweepstakes, contest, promotion or survey, you may automatically be added to our email list and receive marketing or promotional information from us. if you do not wish to receive marketing emails, you may opt out by clicking on an unsubscribe links found at the bottom of all marketing emails, or you may email customer service at support@bhfo.com.  you may contact us by phone at 1-855-588 (luv)-2436 (bhfo). please be aware that it can take up to 10 business days to remove you from our marketing email lists.  if you opt-out from receiving our marketing emails, you will continue to receive order confirmation and shipping status emails. your online account when setting up an online account with us, you will be prompted to select a password. the retrieval of personal information relating to you and your order history is only available to you if you provide the correct password that you have created, and all profile information, including your address book, is only available while you are logged in to your account. after providing your password, you can edit or delete your information at any time through the “my account” page. if you forget your password, a new password will be assigned to you and will be emailed to your email address. we will not give passwords out over the phone, nor will we email them to a different address than the one used to register. links to other sites to enhance your shopping experience, our website may include links to other sites. those websites will have their own privacy policies that you may wish to review. we have no responsibility for these linked websites, outside of our family of brands. how we work with third party service providers we may use reputable third parties who perform services on our behalf, such as fulfilling orders and conducting promotions, maintaining and managing our customer database and reporting on customer behavior and/or preferences.  sometimes these service providers need information about our customers in order to provide services to us and to our customers. when we allow these service providers access to your information, we require them to maintain your information in the strictest confidence and we do not permit them to use it in any way other than to help us provide you with better service. cookies and web beacons cookies are small data files that are automatically stored on your computer when you visit our website.  cookies are used to track the pages of the websites you’ve visited and do not retain any personally identifiable information such as your name, address or any financial information. we may use cookies to enable you to use certain website features, remember the items in your shopping cart, store your preferences, recognize you when you return to our website, track your orders, and monitor and maintain information about your use of our website. by using our website, you consent to our placement of cookies on your computer. most internet browsers automatically accept cookies, but if you do not wish to have cookies on your system, you can set your browser preferences to refuse them or to alert you when cookies are being sent. in order to disable cookies, please consult your browser's “help” section for instructions. additionally, if you have an adobe flash player installed on your computer, your flash player can be set to reject or delete flash cookies. if you choose to decline cookies, you may not be able to fully experience the features of our website. web beacons are small strings of code that are placed in a web page or in an email message. they are sometimes called “clear gifs” (graphics interchange format) or “pixel tags”. web beacons are most often used in conjunction with cookies to track activity on our website.  when you visit a particular web page, web beacons notify us of your visit. since web beacons are used in combination with cookies, if you disable cookies the web beacons will only detect an anonymous website visit. when used in an email, web beacons enable us to know whether you have received the email. please note that linked third-party websites may also use cookies. we cannot control the use of cookies by these third-party websites. for example, when you link from this site to a third-party website, that website may have the ability to recognize that you have come from our site by using cookies. if you have any questions about how third-party websites use cookies, you should contact such third parties directly. privacy of young children we are concerned about the privacy of young children and we do not knowingly collect any personal information from a child.  for the purposes of our website, we define a child as someone under the age of 18. we do not sell products for purchase by children and all children’s products we sell are for purchase by adults only. by using this site, you represent that you are at least 18 years of age. security the security of your information is very important to us. we use industry-standard technology to protect the security of your online order information.   this technology encrypts your order information to protect it from being decoded by anyone other than us.  while we implement normal and customary security measures on our site, please note that 100% security is not always possible. you play a role in protecting your information as well. because your password permits access to your personal information, please keep your password secret and do not disclose it to others. accessing our website from outside the u.s. if you are visiting our website from a location outside of the united states, you will be connected through and to servers located within the united states. all online orders will be accepted and fully processed in and shipped from the united states and all information you provide will be securely maintained on web servers and our internal systems located within the united states. by providing your information to us, you agree that all personal information will be used in accordance with this privacy policy and pursuant to u.s. law. privacy policy updates we may update our privacy policy from time to time. whenever we make a change, we will post the updated policy at this site and we encourage you to check our policy periodically. if we make a material change to our privacy policy that would lessen your privacy rights, we will either continue to honor our prior policy for information that we collected when it was in force, or we will ask for your consent to the change. if you have any questions or concerns regarding our privacy policy, please contact us: 4520 20th ave. sw cedar rapids iowa us 52404 alternatively, you may send us an email at support@bhfo.com. stay connected be in the bhfo know! join our vip email list and be the first to hear about deals, trends, new brands and more. plus, you’ll get exclusive offers and discounts on your favorite brands. the bhfo story the bhfo story bhfo has come a long way since we began in 2003. our vision was... view additional about us: about brands catalog best price guarantee careers press customer service: contact us my account gift cards shipping returns size chart © 2016 bhfo, inc. - privacy policy - terms of service this store is pci compliant