来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20201219134216/https://www.bhfo.com/pages/privacy-notice?ref=footer-nav
================================================================================

privacy notice please ensure javascript is enabled for purposes of website accessibility 1 855 588 2436 free us shipping on orders over $75 about us gift cards shipping returns submit search account 0 women shop for gift shop best sellers new arrivals designer boot shop cozy at home shop shop by category activewear blazers coats & jackets dresses denim jumpsuits & rompers loungewear pants & leggings skirts sleepwear & robes sweaters swimsuits & cover-ups tops shop all shoes athletic & sneakers boots flats heels sandals slippers shop dresses accessories handbags wallets backpacks sunglasses all accessories men shop for gift shop best sellers new arrivals designer boot shop cozy at home shop shop by category athletic apparel blazers & sport coats casual shirts dress shirts jeans joggers & sweatpants lounge & pajamas pants polo shirts shirts shorts socks suits sweaters sweatshirts & hoodies swimwear & shorts t-shirts underwear & boxers shop all shoes athletic boots casual running shoes dress & formal sandals slippers all shoes accessories shop all kids girls newborn - 5t sizes 4 & up boys newborn - 5t sizes 4 & up all kids kids accessories shop all shoes shop by category womens mens baby shoes boy's shoes girl's shoes women's shoes athletic boots flats & oxfords heels sandals & flip flops slippers shop all men's shoes athletic boots casual dress & formal sandals & flip flops slippers shop all accessories category handbags & purses wallets backpacks luggage sunglasses fashion jewelry watches electronic cases her accessories shop all his accessories shop all brands clearance shop by category women women shop for shop for gift shop best sellers new arrivals designer boot shop cozy at home shop clothing clothing activewear blazers coats & jackets denim dresses jumpsuits & rompers loungewear scarves & wraps skirts shorts sleepwear & robes suits sweaters swimwear t-shirts & tanks tops & blouses vests pants & leggings lingerie & shapewear shoes shoes athletic & sneakers boots flats heels sandals slippers shop all accessories accessories belts gloves & mittens hats leg warmers socks & hosiery intimate accessories shop all men men athletic apparel blazers & sportcoats casual shirts coats & jackets dress shirts jeans pants shoes shorts sleepwear & robes suits & tuxedos sweaters sweats & hoodies swimwear vests his accessories kids kids boys clothing (newborn-5t) boys clothing (sizes 4 & up) girls clothing (newborn-5t) girls clothing (sizes 4 & up) kids accessories shoes shoes womens womens athletic boots flats & oxfords heels sandals & flip flops slippers shop all mens mens athletic boots casual dress & formal sandals & flip flops slippers shop all baby shoes boy's shoes girl's shoes accessories accessories backpacks briefcases electronic cases hair care handbags & purses luggage sunglasses (women's) sunglasses (men's) wallets (women's) wallets (men's) watches brands clearance about us gift cards shipping returns my account home privacy notice size chart best price guarantee shipping & delivery returns & exchanges privacy policy terms of service accessibility privacy notice bhfo.com privacy notice thank you for visiting the bhfo.com website. we collect customer information to help us to serve you better. we respect your privacy and are committed to maintaining and using this information responsibly.  this privacy notice tells you how we use personal information collected at this site. please read this privacy notice before using the site or submitting any personal information. our notice may be changed, but any changes will be posted and changes will only apply to activities and information in the future and they will not be retroactive. you are encouraged to review the privacy notice whenever you visit the site to make sure that you understand how any personal information you provide will be used. note: the privacy practices set forth in this privacy notice are for our website only. if you link to other websites from our website, please review the privacy policies and notices posted at those sites. information we collect about you any personal information you provide to us is maintained on secure servers and our internal systems. we collect information when you register online or update your account, log-in, place an order, communicate online or directly with our customer service representatives, opt-in to receive our emails, shop online, participate in a sweepstakes, contest, promotion or survey, join our social networking sites.  this information may include, but is not limited to, your contact information (for example, your name, email address, billing and shipping addresses and phone number). like many site operators, we collect information that your browser sends whenever you visit our site. this log data may include information such as your computer's internet protocol address, browser type, browser version, the pages of our site that you visit, the time and date of your visit, the time spent on those pages and other statistics. your california privacy rights we collect various types of personal data and information about you, as described throughout this privacy notice. the california consumer privacy act of 2018 (“ccpa”) provides consumers (i.e., california residents) with specific rights, subject to some limitations and verification, regarding their personal data and information.  all terms defined in the ccpa have the same meaning when used in this section of the privacy notice. categories of personal information collected:  the personal information that bhfo collects, or has collected from california consumers in the preceding twelve months, may fall under the following categories of information included in the ccpa: identifiers including, for example, your name, address, phone number, e-mail, or ip address; personal information, including, for example, an address, phone number, or credit card number; protected classification information, including, for example, age or gender; commercial information, including, for example, purchase information; internet or other electronic network activity information, including, for example, content interaction information or search history information; geolocation information, including, for example, the location of your device or computer; sensory information, including, for example, audio information; and inference information, including, for example, information drawn from your purchase preferences. personal information does not include publicly available information from government records, de-identified or aggregated information, and information specifically excluded from the ccpa's scope.  we obtain the personal information outlined above in the manner described elsewhere in this privacy notice, including: directly from our consumers when they provide us information and engage our services. directly and indirectly from you when using our services or visiting our website. for example, as outlined elsewhere in this privacy notice, we collect information that your browser sends us whenever you visit our website. as described elsewhere in this privacy notice, we may use or disclose the personal information we collect for one or more of the following business purposes: to fulfill or meet the reason for which the information is provided by consumers. to provide you with e-mail alerts and other notices concerning our services. to improve our website and the services we provide to you. to provide you with information, products, or services you request. to audit a current interaction with the consumer and concurrent transactions. to perform services, including maintaining or servicing accounts and providing customer service. to undertake internal research for technological development. to detect and address any potential security incidents. to carry out and fulfill contractual obligations. to protect the rights, property or safety of our consumers and bhfo as necessary and appropriate. to respond to law enforcement requests and as required by applicable law, court order, or governmental regulations. as described to you when collecting your personal information or as otherwise set forth in the ccpa. we will use the personal information in the manner described in this privacy notice, and we will not use the personal information we collected for materially different, unrelated, or incompatible purposes without providing consumers with notice.  we may disclose your personal information to a third party for a business purpose as described in this privacy notice. the rights of california residents under the ccpa include: consumers have the right to know about the personal information bhfo collected or disclosed about them. consumers can request access to such personal information about themselves for the 12 months preceding the date bhfo received such a request. consumers have the right to request deletion of their personal data collected or maintained by bhfo. please note that there may be reasons why bhfo would not be able to honor a deletion request.  such reasons could include those identified in the ccpa; for example, to complete the transaction for which the personal information was collected or to comply with a legal obligation. consumers have the right to not be discriminated against if they choose to exercise any of their ccpa privacy rights. bhfo will not discriminate against california consumers who choose to exercise their ccpa privacy rights. bhfo has not sold any personal information of consumers, as those terms are defined in the ccpa. if you would like to exercise any of these rights, please email us at data@bhfo.com with the words "california privacy rights" in the subject line.  alternatively, please write to us at the following address:  bhfo.com, 4520 20th ave. sw cedar rapids, iowa, us  52404.  we will provide you with a form to complete that will ask you for certain information to confirm your identity.  the information collected will only be used to respond to your request and for record-keeping purposes to demonstrate compliance with the ccpa. bhfo will respond to a verified request pursuant to the 45-day timeframe established in the ccpa.  if the consumer prefers, he or she may designate an authorized agent to make a request under the ccpa on the consumer's behalf. how we use this information when you place an order on our website or through our customer service department, we use this information to process and track your order and contact you via email, postal mail or phone if we have any questions or concerns regarding your order. if you provide an email address during checkout, you will also receive order confirmation and shipping status emails. we also maintain a record of your purchases.  we may combine information you provide with demographic information and information that is publicly available.  we may also use information about your product preferences and interests in order to improve our site design and enhance your shopping experience.  if you communicate online with our customer service representatives, we will use the information you convey to respond to your requests and serve you better. we may also use your information to present a co-branded offer with our partners or affiliates. if we collect information from you in connection with a co-branded offer, it will be clear at the point of collection who is collecting the information and whose privacy statement applies. if we offer sweepstakes, contests, promotions or surveys, you may be required to provide certain personal information so we can notify winners and/or fulfill promotional obligations.  even if you have previously chosen not to receive email or postal mail from us, you may still receive information as it relates to the sweepstakes, contest, promotion or survey in which you have participated. in the unlikely event of a sale of some or all of our business, we may disclose your personal information to a purchaser of our business that agrees to abide by the terms and conditions of this privacy notice. except as required by law, or as otherwise provided in this notice, we will not share your email address with unaffiliated third parties.  you should be aware that we may disclose specific information about you if required to do so by law, governmental request, process or court order or based on our good faith belief that it is necessary to conform or comply with such law, request or court order or to protect the users of our website or the public. when you supply your postal address, you may receive mail from us. we do not make our mailing lists available for use by unaffiliated third parties. unless otherwise specified herein, we reserve the right to compile, save, use within the scope of our activities (discussed below), and analyze any and all data about you (contact information and other personal data, use history etc.) that we collect from you through the site. we use the personal information about you that you provide to us for our internal purposes, such as responding to your requests for information or materials, contacting you, conducting internal analyses such as surveys and market research, processing and completing orders, processing your payment, administering your account, and administering and developing our business relationship with you or the company you represent. we also use your personal information to communicate with you, for example, to provide you with administrative communications regarding your account, newsletters, press releases, or information or advertisements relating to products, offers, or programs that may be of interest to you. we have a general policy of not disclosing your personal information to third parties unless you have consented to such sharing. however, information submitted by users of our website will be transmitted to and shared with third parties that may be located in other countries, in order to provide services to such users, including but not limited to transaction processing, fraud prevention and package delivery. we may also share the personal information about you that you provide to us with trusted companies we work with to provide services for us, such as sending out our newsletters, fulfilling orders you submit, or collecting and processing information on our behalf. these companies—our vendors—are contractually bound to use personal information that we share with them only to perform the services we have engaged them to provide. other companies may collect and use information you provide to us to better understand the offers, promotions and types of advertising that are most appealing to our customers. after the information is collected by these third parties, it is aggregated so it is not personally identifiable or tied to you or any other user. if you would prefer that these companies not collect your information, please email us at data@bhfo.com or contact us by phone at 1-855-588 (luv)-2436 (bhfo). we may also share your personal information in the event that our business is transferred to another entity by way of merger, sale of the company’s assets or otherwise. if you consent to sharing of your personal information, we may share your information with related entities and selected third parties so that they may provide you with or contact you regarding information and materials that may be of interest to you. if you prefer that we do not share your information in this manner, please refer to the section below on opting in and out. from time to time, we may collect general, non-personal statistical information about the use of the site, such as how many visitors visit a specific page on the site, how long they stay on that page and which hyperlinks, if any, they "click" on. we collect this information through the use of "cookies" and other tracking technologies, which are discussed in greater detail herein. we collect this information to determine which areas of the site are most popular and to enhance the site for visitors. customized advertising (behavioral marketing) advertisements displayed to you on our website and elsewhere on the web may be customized to your interests and preferences, based on information learned about you as you use our website and the web in general.  if you prefer that your personal information not be used in this manner, please email us at data@bhfo.com or contact us by phone at 1-855-588 (luv)-2436 (bhfo). marketing email communications at various points on our website, you have the option to join our email list and receive information from us.  also, if you place an order, make a customer service inquiry about one of our products, or opt-in to receive our emails, we may send you marketing or promotional emails. if you do not wish to receive marketing emails, you may opt out by clicking on the unsubscribe links found at the bottom of all marketing emails, or you may email customer service at support@bhfo.com.  you may contact us by phone at 1-855-588 (luv)-2436 (bhfo). please be aware that it can take up to 10 business days to remove you from our marketing email lists.  if you opt-out from receiving our marketing emails, you will continue to receive order confirmation and shipping status emails. your online account when setting up an online account with us, you will be prompted to select a password. the retrieval of personal information relating to you and your order history is only available to you if you provide the correct password that you have created, and all profile information, including your address book, is only available while you are logged in to your account. after providing your password, you can edit or delete your information at any time through the “my account” page. if you forget your password, a new password will be assigned to you and will be emailed to your email address. we will not give passwords out over the phone, nor will we email them to a different address than the one used to register. links to other sites to enhance your shopping experience, our website may include links to other sites. those websites will have their own privacy policies that you may wish to review. we take no responsibility for the privacy practices of these linked websites. how we work with third party service providers we may use reputable third parties who perform services on our behalf, such as fulfilling orders and conducting promotions, maintaining and managing our customer database and reporting on customer behavior and/or preferences.  sometimes these service providers need information about our customers in order to provide services to us and to our customers. when we allow these service providers access to your information, we require them to maintain your information in the strictest confidence and we do not permit them to use it in any way other than as instructed. cookies and web beacons cookies are small data files that are automatically stored on your computer when you visit our website.  cookies are used to track the pages of the websites you’ve visited and do not retain any information that will directly identify you such as your name, address or any financial information. we may use cookies to enable you to use certain website features, remember the items in your shopping cart, store your preferences, recognize you when you return to our website, track your orders, and monitor and maintain information about your use of our website. most internet browsers automatically accept cookies, but if you do not wish to have cookies on your system, you can set your browser preferences to refuse them or to alert you when cookies are being sent. in order to disable cookies, please consult your browser's “help” section for instructions. additionally, if you have an adobe flash player installed on your computer, your flash player can be set to reject or delete flash cookies. if you choose to decline cookies, you may not be able to fully experience the features of our website. web beacons are small strings of code that are placed in a web page or in an email message. they are sometimes called “clear gifs” (graphics interchange format) or “pixel tags”. web beacons are most often used in conjunction with cookies to track activity on our website.  when you visit a particular web page, web beacons notify us of your visit. since web beacons are used in combination with cookies, if you disable cookies the web beacons will only detect an anonymous website visit. when used in an email, web beacons enable us to know whether you have received the email. please note that linked third-party websites may also use cookies. we cannot control the use of cookies by these third-party websites. for example, when you link from this site to a third-party website, that website may have the ability to recognize that you have come from our site by using cookies. if you have any questions about how third-party websites use cookies, you should contact such third parties directly. privacy of young children we are concerned about the privacy of young children and we do not knowingly collect any personal information from a child.  for the purposes of our website, we define a child as someone under the age of 18. we do not sell products for purchase by children and all children’s products we sell are for purchase by adults only. by using this site, you represent that you are at least 18 years of age.  if you have reason to believe that a child has provided personal information to us, please contact us at data@bhfo.com. legal basis for processing personal information (eea visitors only) if you are a visitor from the european economic area, our legal basis for collecting and using the personal information described above will depend on the personal information concerned and the specific context in which we collect it. however, we will normally collect personal information from you only (i) where we need the personal information to perform a contract with you, (ii) where the processing is in our legitimate interests and not overridden by your rights, or (iii) where we have your consent to do so.  in some cases, we may also have a legal obligation to collect personal information from you. if we ask you to provide personal information to comply with a legal requirement or to perform a contract with you, we will make this clear at the relevant time and advise you whether the provision of your personal information is mandatory or not (as well as of the possible consequences if you do not provide your personal information). if we collect and use your personal information in reliance on our legitimate interests (or those of any third party), this interest will normally be to operate our platform and communicate with you as necessary to provide our services to you and for our legitimate commercial interest, for instance, when responding to your questions, improving our website, undertaking marketing, or for the purposes of detecting or preventing illegal activities.  we may have other legitimate interests and if appropriate, we will make clear to you at the relevant time what those legitimate interests are. if you have questions about or need further information concerning the legal basis on which we collect and use your personal information, please contact us at data@bhfo.com. security the security of your information is very important to us. we use appropriate technical and organizational measures to protect the personal information that we collect and process.  the measures we use are designed to provide a level of security appropriate to the risk of processing your personal information.  for example, we encrypt your online order information to protect it from being decoded by anyone other than us.  while we implement normal and customary security measures on our site, please note that 100% security is not always possible. you play a role in protecting your information as well. because your password permits access to your personal information, please keep your password secret and do not disclose it to others. accessing our website from outside the u.s. if you are visiting our website from a location outside of the united states, you will be connected through and to servers located within the united states. all online orders will be accepted and fully processed in and shipped from the united states and all information you provide will be securely maintained on web servers and our internal systems located within the united states. where personal information is transferred outside of the european economic area, we will process it in accordance with this privacy notice and any other applicable legal requirements. data retention we retain personal information we collect from you where we have an ongoing legitimate business need to do so (for example, to provide you with a service you have requested or to comply with applicable legal, tax or accounting requirements). when we have no ongoing legitimate business need to process your personal information, we will either delete or anonymize it or, if this is not possible (for example, because your personal information has been stored in backup archives), then we will securely store your personal information and isolate it from any further processing until deletion is possible. your data protection rights if you are a resident of the european economic area, you have the following data protection rights: if you wish to access, correct, update or request deletion of your personal information, you can do so at any time by contacting us using the contact details provided below. in addition, you can object to processing of your personal information, ask us to restrict processing of your personal information or request portability of your personal information. again, you can exercise these rights by contacting us using the contact details provided below. similarly, if we have collected and process your personal information with your consent, then you can withdraw your consent at any time.  withdrawing your consent will not affect the lawfulness of any processing we conducted prior to your withdrawal, nor will it affect processing of your personal information conducted in reliance on lawful processing grounds other than consent. you have the right to complain to a data protection authority about our collection and use of your personal information.  for more information, please contact your local data protection authority. we respond to all requests we receive from individuals wishing to exercise their data protection rights in accordance with applicable data protection laws. privacy notice updates we may update our privacy notice from time to time. whenever we make a change, we will post the updated notice at this site and we encourage you to check our notice periodically. if we make a material change to our privacy notice that would lessen your privacy rights, we will either continue to honor our prior notice for information that we collected when it was in force, or we will ask for your consent to the change. if you have any questions or concerns regarding our privacy notice, please contact us: privacy officer: matt wade email address: data@bhfo.com mailing address: bhfo inc. data privacy attn: matt wade 4520 20th ave sw cedar rapids, ia 52404 the data controller of your personal information is bhfo, inc. help and information brands size chart gift cards about us contact us careers press best price guarantee shipping & delivery returns & exchanges privacy policy terms of service accessibility be in the bhfo know! join our email list and be the first to hear about deals, trends, new brands and more. plus, you’ll get exclusive offers and discounts on your favorite brands. subscribe i agree to terms and privacy policies you must agree with terms and privacy policies. mon - fri: 7:30am - 4:00pm cst 1 855 588 2436 support@bhfo.com © 2020 bhfo, inc. all rights reserved.web crafted by absolute web over 3.4 million reviews on ebay99%+ satisfaction rate facebook pinterest to top