来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20091229025445/http://www.babyearth.com/bumgenius-3-0-cloth-diaper.html
================================================================================

bumgenius 3.0 cloth diaper by cotton babies - babyearth.com home »  » bumgenius 3.0 cloth diaper bumgenius 3.0 cloth diaper by bumgenius (21 reviews) $17.95 quantity : available colors : select an optionblossombutternutclementinegrasshoppermoonbeamribbittwilightwhitezinnia add to my registry  add to my wishlist ships today! features read reviews view photos cloth diapering used to involve folding, scary pins or a dizzying array of snaps. with bumgenius cloth diapers, it is just like using a disposable, but you don't throw it away! just wash them and they're ready to go again. experience the first cloth diaper loved by every-day people - like your babysitter, grandparents and even dad! the bumgenius one-size cloth diaper is the first cloth diaper to feature stretch-to-fit tabs (patent pending), making cloth diapering as easy and comfortable as using disposables. new 3.0 features: includes newborn insert and one-size insert! redesigned stretchy tabs - trimmer, yet snug and comfortable wider slot - easier stuffing and removing insert new insert stopper - keeps clothes dry return of the extra-small - fold down insert stopper for shorter rise bundled with newborn insert - less bulk for little babies grippier hook and loop - stays put and looks good colors: clementine - bright orange moonbeam - bright blue ribbit - kelly green zinnia- bright pink grasshopper - soft green twilight - soft blue blossom - light pink butternut - soft yellow white - classic white one size fits all! bumgenius one-size cloth diapers fit babies from 7 to 35 pounds. no more sorting by size or having to carry multiple diapers when going out. three by three snap-downs on the front of the diaper (patent pending) adjust the rise as your baby grows. for newborns, fold down the insert stopper for an extra-small rise. highly absorbent every bumgenius one-size cloth diaper includes the highly acclaimed cotton babies microfiber insert. if you are using this diaper on a small newborn (under 10 pounds), we recommend purchasing microfiber diaper doublers to use until your baby is a little bit bigger. available in a variety of colors perfect for any baby. bumgenius 3.0 cloth diaper reviews average rating: displaying reviews 1 to 21 of 21 paula              november 7th, 2009i love these diapers! they are supper absorbent, soft, flexible, easy to wash, and have a great fit. i started after my baby was a month and his diaper rash went away in two days. i just showed how much disposables have crap in them(i was even using the new pampers organic cotton/hypoallergenic diapers). the only con is that my husband can not fit his hand in the diapers to stuff them, its too tight. but overall he loves them! kami from durango, co              october 13th, 2009i wouldn't use any other cloth diaper. these babies are awesome! super easy to clean and put back together and i've literally never had a leak or blow out. i've been using them on my 8 month old since he was 2 weeks old and will continue until he is potty trained. love bumgenius! gina              september 26th, 2009i have 6 bumgenius diapers that we use as diaper covers during the day. we don't put the inserts inside of the pocket and so you can just change out the insert once it is wet - poopy diapers you have to change everything, but wet you can just change the insert. we did it this way to save money and only purchased 6 diapers instead of the recommended 12-24. we bought extra inserts and some prefolds to put inside. i love the bumgenius, but the elastic did wear out rather quickly on one of the diapers. i've sent it back to cotton babies, the distributer, so hopefully they stand behind their warranty. i have heard the velcro wears out after a certain amount of time, but that hasn't happened to me yet. teri from hutto, tx              august 15th, 2009i bought 2 of these diapers a few months ago. i'm pretty satisfied w/the diaper itself (although it does take a bit longer than pockets or prefolds to dry) however i do not like the velcro. after only a few months of use the velcro has begun to curl and get full of lint so that it doesn't attach very well. i think if i had gotten the same diaper that closes w/snaps i would have given this diaper 5 stars. carrie from san antonio, tx              july 16th, 2009i use quite a few different brands of cloth diaper,and i have to say that bg's have worked out the best. of course there will be wear and tear if you are washing these things as often as you should, but so far we have had no leakage and these diapers can stay on my child longer than others. the fit is bulky on a newborn so we didnt use them until my son was about 2 months old. i wish they came in cute prints, as thats what led me to stray from bg's, but i always come back to bg's because they are more reliable than the cutesy cloth diapers. if youre going to do cloth, i recommend these diapers first. amber from greensburg, pa              july 7th, 2009we are really happy with these diapers. i like the easy snapping option of making the diaper smaller and larger. we started using them on our daughter when she was 10 lbs and they fit her perfectly. they are soft and comfortable. i worry about the velcro wearing with time but so far so good. if i had to pick a negative about this product, iwould say, the liners that they come with are too thin for our liking. we ordered the fuzzibunz liners. but other than that, they are a great product! joni from west allis, wi              july 2nd, 2009i love these diapers! i have mostly version 2.0 (used 1 1/2 years) which had the velcro laundry tabs wear out so they become one long string in the washer and dryer. i did buy a few version 3.0 (used 1 year) and i do not have that problem. i have never had a blow out, just some leaking out the side but that is because i waited too long to change my son. i use the doubler overnight and he has never wet through it. the first month i used them it drove me nuts to be constantly taking the liner out, washing, drying, and then replacing the liner. then i just got used to it and it is no big deal. in 1 1/2 years, my son has only had diaper rash 3 times and those were when he was teething. they are very easy to use and my in-laws and babysitters have no problems using them. mugicam              june 30th, 2009excellent diapers. they've always been a great fit for my baby, now 3 months old. never a leak or "blowout". never a rash. amy from grapevine, tx              june 19th, 2009i'm just breaking into the "cloth" world of diapering. it's quite intimidating, and i didn't know what to expect. i chose this product because of the positive reviews and the video on the the bumgenius website that made diapering with this brand look like diapering with disposables. i compared this product to another brand, fuzzibunz, that my friend uses. i went with bg b/c fb uses snaps versus velcro to close. my 5 month old is getting a little squirmy, and i imagine this will increase. i thought the velcro would be easier to use. i was right. these are so simple! i only ordered 2 initially b/c i was cautious about this cloth diaper thing. but it's almost as seamless as using a disposable, so i ordered 2 more this week. we'll gradually order 2 at a time until we have about 2 days worth of bg and can use them exclusively. i've had no problems with leakage. she's ebf, which means her #2s are still very soft. i worried that these wouldn't keep that in: it did. they are very cute, but i'll have to get used to the fluffiness of it compared to disposables. her clothes fit differently, but it's kind of cute her having a big bum. one *eek* is the price of the initial investment. one of these cost more than a pack of pampers. but i have to keep in mind that over time, the cost will even out and possibly save us money provided the bg hold up. this also adds an extra 45 minutes to an hour of prep time to my day as far as washing and drying and stuffing the liner. i recently chose to become a stay at home mom, so i can manage this. if i were working still, i don't think it'd be worth it...let me rephrase: i don't think i'd be able to manage it. overall, i'm happy that i chose this brand to start my journey into the cloth diaper world. heidi rogers              may 31st, 2009good points are convenience and stain-resistance. i planned on using bum genius exclusively, but they were way too big for the first couple months. my baby is over 10 lbs. now, and they're still a little big and therefore prone to leaks. wanda from ca              may 25th, 2009love it. my husband and i got these in our efforts to go green. our son is 4 months and has never had a diaper rash. the diapers are very absorbent and contain messes as well as any other diaper. we initially bought 12 then got 6 more and will probably get 6 more. i would say 18-24 are needed to use these exclusively. erica from pennsylvania              may 12th, 2009i researched cloth diapers for months and decided to go with the bumgenius one size...and then my confidence caved and went with disposables. i was so glad a friend showed me what she was using and it was this!!! i came home and decided to order them right away and have been ever so pleased! mamma 2 oz              may 8th, 2009my son has a pretty sensitive bum, wich we have found out through much trial and error with many diffrent kinds of diapers including disposables and g diapers.we originally started out with cloth diapers, though not these, we had the original kind with scary pins and lots of extra work and accessories. these diapers are so so easy!! no scary pins and not tons of extra work! very easy to use! even my husband was impressed with the ease. the other thing i was most impressed about is how absorbant they are! my son is a pretty heavy wetter, especially at night. and these diapers stood up to the job! i've been woken up many times to leaky diapers.. yuck! and so fare so good for these!! o put in the diaper doubler for night time. i plan on buying more!! oh and ps. his bum is doing much better with cloth diapers again... thse ones. jenny from starr sc              may 6th, 2009i love mine. they're still big on my 2 mo. old but they sure beat the combo of giant pins, square sheets of cloth and plastic pants. they stay dry somehow - the inner doublers can be soaking wet and the cloth touching ella's bum is completely dry. and they grow with your child. she'll be able to use these for a very long time. a much better investment financially and environmentally speaking. my tip.... order some g diaper inserts and place them on the bum genius. these are flushable diapers out of australia and they come with little cloth diapers and plastic insert but i prefer using them with my bum genius. amanda from abingdon, md              april 7th, 2009i think these are great diapers. especially if you are new to cloth diapering. i would recommend bg to a friend. the thing that holds me back from 5 stars is the way the velcro attaches, i feel like it isn't going to last as long as i would like. erin from ri              february 25th, 2009havent put to use yet, still awaiting baby arrival but seem great! easy to wash and put together. angel              february 13th, 2009i wish i've know about bumgenius way before i gave birth! i just found out about it when my baby turned 6 months. but it's never too late! i bought a 6-pack and immediately save a lot of money on disposables. since it's one size, it's a lot way cheaper than disposables and other cloth diapers. and it works way so great! if i had known about it before i gave birth, i would have saved a lot more. sara from anchorage alaska              february 12th, 2009i have been using the bum genius diapers since my daughter was born 08/08 and just love them. we have saved so much money and it really is not as difficult or as time conuming as i thought it may be. the velcro has not lasted as long as i had hoped but everything else i love about the diaper especially that it adjusts to their growth and you don't have to buy multiple sizes of diapers. jenna from phenix city, al              october 21st, 2008they are just like disposable diapers. my daughter's father was skeptical about getting them at first until he tried them. his mother recounted the days when cloth diapering didn't offer many choices and she really wasn't quite sure if she was using them right so she gave them up. bumgenius diapers are easy to use because they have a velcro adjustable tabs and buttons to fit any sized baby. the inserts keep the baby dry and a doubler works well to keep the actual diaper from getting soiled, because when the baby poops you can just replace the doubler and not the diaper. the only drawback is finding additive free detergents for the diapers. not a good diaper if you want to put diaper rash cream on the baby as soon as you see a break out, best to just sun them anyway. just make sure with any other diaper that you allow your baby to dry before putting the diaper on her/him. the best part about this diaper is it rolls up after you use it because the velcro tabs can latch together and keep the diaper shut so your diaper bag won't get messy. amy from pembroke, nh              august 22nd, 2008i bought about 8 of these diapers 1.5years ago and the velcro no longer works. i really like everything else about them, they just don't last as long as i would like. i have had a dozen fuzzy bunz going on 5 years and they continue to work & perform like new! karin from ct              may 9th, 2008i only have one so far but i will definitely be ordering more! we're using cloth diapers mostly at night right now because we had been given so many cases of disposables to get through the first few months. i plan to go full force as soon as we run out (in the next week or so). so far these have been very absorbent at night - no leaks at all!! they clean very easily, i've washed it a few times now with a few other cds we're trying. so far these are my fave. love that they are one size and have velcro not snaps. the price is very reasonable too. average rating: displaying reviews 1 to 21 of 21 bumgenius diaper doublers 3pkby bumgenius$6.00 (1 reviews) bumgenius organic one size cloth diaper snap closureby bumgenius$24.95 (10 reviews) bumgenius flip day pack w/ stay-dry insertby bumgenius$49.95 organic terry baby wipes - 6 packby under the nile organics$9.00 bumgenius flip w/ organic cotton insertby bumgenius$19.95 bumgenius flip day pack w/ organic cotton insertby bumgenius$59.95 bumgenius econobum full kitby bumgenius$49.95 bumgenius diaper detergentby bumgenius$11.95 bumgenius flip w/ stay dry insertby bumgenius$16.95 baby star soy organic gownshow all » tell someone you know about this product. 0 items orders over $99.00 ship free! sign in | my account  |  registry & wishlist | about babyearth  | support | shopping cart popular searches gear nursery eco-friendly clothing bath feeding health safety playtime learning gifts clearance shop by brand more brands » affiliate programs  | all products  | baby product reviews institutional sales  | contact us  | renew  | newsroom order tracking  | shipping & returns  | site map  | store location follow us copyright © 2003-2009 wise innovations, inc.  |  privacy policy | conditions of use