来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20151116044413/http://www.justflowers.com/cs_DeliveryInfo.asp
================================================================================

just flowers: customerservice contact us birthday best sellers birthday flowers birthday roses birthday gift baskets birthday balloons birthday plants gifts under $50 occasions birthday sympathy-funeral sympathy-home anniversary congratulations get well christmas dec 25 just because love new baby thank you thinking of you wedding/prom any occasion college branded flowers best sellers roses flowers in basket lilies daisies orchids tulips farm fresh flowers & balloons flowers under $50 roses best sellers red roses pink roses white roses yellow roses assorted roses 1 dz roses 6 roses 2 dz roses farm fresh roses gift baskets best sellers chocolate cookies wine baskets fruit baskets scented baskets teddy bears sympathy flowers to funeral funeral standing sprays funeral wreaths funeral casket cover sympathy plants sympathy flowers to house plants best sellers green plants blooming plants orchid plant international canada puerto rico england germany france spain mexico belgium holland guam more countries flowers roses plants balloons  birthday get well sympathy thanks  baby gift baskets cookies flower delivery information if you order by 3:00 pm in the recipient's time zone, we can typically deliver the flowers the same day monday through friday. for same day service on the weekend please order by 1pm saturday and 11am sunday. to find out if the item is available for delivery the same day choose the state and delivery type and then it will show you the first available day for delivery. express delivery we are normally able to deliver within 4 hours on florist delivered orders when our express delivery option is available during checkout. if your item is not delivered within 4 hours we can credit your express delivery fee back to your account. this fee is typically $4.99. we will do our best to deliver within that time frame. specific times we are normally able to deliver within four hours on florist delivered orders when our express delivery option is available during checkout. we are unable to guarantee delivery at an exact time. if your item is not delivered within 4 hours we can credit your express delivery fee back to your account. you may request a time frame in the special instruction box when ordering, and we will do our best to deliver within the time frame, but we cannot guarantee delivery except for regular delivery times which are: 9am-5pm daily for orders going to a business, 9a-6pm for orders to a residence, hotel, or hospital, and 9a-2pm for orders going to a high school. during major holidays such as valentine's day and mother's day our florists operate extended hours and delivery times are 8am-9pm. weekend deliveries deliveries are available in most major cities on saturday and sunday in the usa. if we are unable to arrange for delivery on sunday and time permits we will setup for delivery on saturday, including birthday and anniversaries, valentine's, and mother's day orders. if saturday or sunday is not available, then the order will be delivered on the next available day with a note of apology from our company. delivery times: normal delivery times are 9am-5pm daily for orders going to a business, 6pm for orders to a residence, hotel, or hospital, and 2pm for orders going to a high school. during major holidays such as valentine's day and mother's day our florists operate extended hours and delivery times are 8am-9pm. shipped products delivered on a specific day just flowers guarantees that your gift will arrive by the delivery date. occasionally the item arrives through the carriers early, and we are not responsible for orders delivered early. saturday delivery to alaska and hawaii only florist delivered products are available for delivery on saturdays to alaska and hawaii, shipped products are not available. funerals these orders are our very highest priority. if you have ordered too late to make the funeral service we will call to let you know quickly so that you can make other arrangements or have something sent to the home of the family. if you do not know the zip code or exact address of the funeral home we will look it up for you. we normally contact the funeral home anyway to verify the time of the viewing and make arrangements for the flower delivery. if you have selected a delivery date that is before the actual viewing we will deliver to the viewing per the funeral home instructions. if you have ordered for a funeral viewing and it is too late to deliver, we will contact the funeral home to verify the time of the viewing or service and reschedule the order. banners for funeral arrangements due to the time-sensitivity of delivering funeral orders, if a banner is not available, we will fill your order to value, substituting the banner with more flowers for an even fuller arrangement. high schools high schools do not accept deliveries for students. please send teacher's gifts to the high school and any student orders to their residence. orders to high schools should be placed early because they usually must be received by 2pm. po boxes we are unable to deliver flowers to a p.o. box or an a.p.o. addresses. ***rural deliveries*** in the rare instance we are unable to have a local florist deliver your order; we will have your order sent out to the recipient by one of our filling vendors so that the recipient can still enjoy the flowers. delayed deliveries for residential, hospitals, and nursing home deliveries, in the unlikely event that there is a delay in the delivery, the delivery will be attempted the next day. during major flower holidays like valentine's and mother's day deliveries may be made as late as 9p.m. for business deliveries, if the recipient is not there, the business is closed, or there is a delay in the delivery, then the delivery will be attempted the next business day. please note: the florist may call the recipient to schedule the delivery. if no one is home depending on the delivery location, if the recipient is not available at the time of delivery, the delivery person may leave the gift in a safe place for the recipient to retrieve when they return, leave the gift with a neighbor, or leave a message for the recipient to call to arrange for delivery. what happens if the recipient is not present at the time of delivery on a shipped product? all just flowers shipments automatically have a "signature release," which means that the package can be left at the recipient's address without requiring a signature. in most cases, the delivery driver will knock or ring the doorbell and leave the product somewhere safe if there is no answer. if the driver feels it is unsafe to leave the package unattended (i.e. an apartment building with no doorman) they may require a signature. for wine baskets, someone over the age of 21, must sign for the package. service fees for florist delivered products the service fee and starts at $9.99. the actual price will be calculated and shown before checkout and depends upon factors such as delivery date, if the order is expedited, item, etc. incorrect addresses if the recipient's address is incorrect and delivery was attempted to the address, there is a $10 address correction fee. just flowers is not responsible for deliveries made to incorrect addresses submitted to us by the customer. if such a delivery is made, the customer assumes responsibility for the entire purchase. canceling an order florist delivered products: same-day orders are processed immediately, and usually cannot be changed. due to the urgent nature of florist delivered products we are unable to cancel or change orders already in process at the florist, en route or delivered. to cancel or change an order that has not been processed, please call 800.716.7559. shipped products: we are unable to cancel orders for shipped products that have already shipped out. to cancel an order that has not been processed please call 800.716.7559. pricing: prices shown below product images do not include our shipping and service fees. prices below the small image are the base price for the item. many products are available in regular, deluxe, and premium sizes that you can upgrade to. pricing for holidays: some items increase in price around major holidays. if the price increases for the holiday you will notice the change when you choose a date that is near a major flower holiday. if the price does not go up then the item does not increase in price for the holidays. prices normally only increase from feb 2nd until a few days after valentine's day. price change: some local florists have minimum dollar amounts for orders. we are committed to matching you with a local florist that can fill your order for your selected item(s)'s paid dollar-amount. however, there are rare occasions when the most cost-effective local florist's minimum exceeds the amount you paid for your selected item(s). we will contact you if such a situation arises. card messages: the message that you write in the card message field is the message that is sent with the gift. we do not include any billing information with your order. wine: all wine and other alcoholic beverage products are delivered from a licensed retailer and the recipient must be 21 years of age to sign for the package. recipient may be contacted in some cases, the florist may contact the recipient to ensure s/he will be home to accept the delivery. request to leave item at door the customer assumes all liability for requests to leave arrangements. we highly discourage special instructions requesting delivery to a doorstep, porch, yard or any location where the recipient cannot accept the arrangement themselves. justflowers.com cannot be held responsible for missing or faulty product due to this special request. recipient refusal of delivery if the recipient refuses to accept a delivery, you may be held fully liable for the cost of the gift. weather effecting florist delivered products: severe weather conditions or other acts of god may cause a delay in the delivery of your order. in the event that a product arrives early, the recipient can enjoy the gift early, but we are unable to offer a discount based on early deliveries weather effecting products that are shipped: just flowers is not responsible for delays in delivery caused by severe weather conditions or other acts of god and cannot reimburse delivery fees on such orders. in the event that a product arrives early, the recipient can enjoy the gift early, but we are unable to offer a discount based on early deliveries inquire about an order here. © 1996-2015 just flowers dot com @ daisy