来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20151231233534/http://www.carolsdaughter.com/videos
================================================================================

natural hair care, natural beauty products, natural skincare - videos - carol's daughter welcome guest! sign in basket ($0.00) my basket checkout free shipping with any $25 purchase! x x search register quick-reorder order status membership stores & salons email sign-up hair ways to shop product type best sellers value sets shampoo conditioner treatment hair oil combing creme hairdress styling kids hair concern relaxed to natural damage & breakage curls, coils, kinks & waves healthy hair & scalp frizzy & unmanageable dry & dull relaxed, colored-treated fine & weak locs & twists collection monoi - hair repair hair milk - nourishing & conditioning black vanilla - moisture & shine tui - color care cd4kids lisa’s hair elixir – scalp & hair health marula - curl therapy cupuaçu - anti-frizz hairdress mirabelle plum sacred tiare body ways to shop product type best sellers value sets body cleansers body creams body moisturizers body treatments dry oil sprays skin type normal skin dry skin very dry skin collection monoi body almond cookie ecstasy ocean beloved mango limited edition skin ways to shop product type best sellers value sets cleansers moisturizers toners skin type dry normal combination oily collection clarifying hydrating collections ways to shop hair monoi - hair repair hair milk - nourishing & conditioning black vanilla - moisture & shine cd4kids cupuaçu - anti-frizz lisa's hair elixir - scalp & hair health marula - curl therapy tui - color care mirabelle plum sacred tiare hairdress body almond cookie ecstasy ocean monoi body skin clarifying hydrating offers ways to shop special offers new arrivals membership travel-size must-haves value sets sets under $25 sets $25-$49.99 sets $50 and up featured shops accessible beauty affordable luxury holiday ways to shop shop by type holiday sets stocking stuffers shop by price gifts under $25 gifts $25-$49.99 gifts $50 plus transitioningmovement.com videos videos style gallery post holiday sale - up to 60% off! shop now / free monoi shampoo & conditioner with $30 order! ($25 value) beauty talk recently added how to upgrade your curls | combing creme 101 4c hair | how to fake a tapered cut without scissors combing creme 101 | how to get the perfect twist out video: how to get 5 easy styles for the workweek with monoi hairspray video: the kim k bob | how to protective style with a wig 5 easy boho styles 4 ways to lay down edges | baby hair, sleek ponys + more smooth new style using mimosa hair honey & black vanilla video: natural hair + exercise | how to keep "workout" hair moisturized 3 steps to perfect flower crown hair with the monoi colleciton how to perfect a bantu knot out curly ’fro how to get your best hair with monoi how to prep colored curls for styling how-to revive tired curls effortlessly curl concerns | how to train manageable curls how-to renew curls with marula & the pineapple how to go from day to night using our hair milk line how to wash 'n go using black vanilla how to upgrade your straight style with monoi how-to boost healthy hair growth the perfect boho braid with lisa’s hair elxiir how-to give your curls their maximum length how sacred tiare transforms dull hair into bouncy curls how to strengthen & ease styling using monoi how to revive frizzy summer hair how to flat-iron & twist out perfection with sacred tiare how-to revive forgotten hair using black vanilla how to get runway-ready hair using sacred tiare we’ve exceeded our target! see what’s happening next... heal frizzy situations with sacred tiare how to use black vanilla as your everyday hair collection how-to keep perfect hair & skin every day how to revive & add moisture to hair extensions with the black vanilla collection how to soften curls with a wash n go lisa price, common and eunique jones celebrate mother's day on centric tv!! how to keep your kids smiling using cd4kids how to get the perfect frizz-free blowout how to style a last-minute roller set using hair milk how to turn a bad-hair day into a shiny, curly day! how to get silky, smooth straight hair without using heat how cd4kids has leah loving her hair how to master a flexirod twist-out using cupuaçu how to turn frizzy, dry hair into a silky-smooth mane how to get glam waves 2 different ways with the sacred tiare collection how to make wash day a fun day using cd kids! how-to wash and go using hair milk leave-in moisturizer cd4 kids goes international our black vanilla collection has 2 new products! how-to perfect a twist-out updo using hair milk how-to style & keep your ponytails perfectly polished how-to turn a classic fishtail braid into flirty waves how-to make two perfect black vanilla deep treatments how-to go from curly to straight using carol’s daughter’s new cupuaçu collection how-to get the best curly results using carol’s daughter monoi mask how-to use our monoi invicincible hair set on relaxed hair how to have fun on wash day using cd4kids collection how to style the perfect bun-hawk for all cd kids! how-to get the perfect twisted bun for the holidays how-to turn a flexirod set into perfect holiday curls how to define & moisturize for the perfect wash & go with carol's daughter hair milk how-to get perfect spiral-curls using carols daughter hair milk pudding lisa price introduces hair milk’s new refresher spray how-to perfect your curls long past day 3 how-to go from curly to straight using carol’s daughter’s new cupuaçu collection how-to refresh your curls before & after flight how-to get healthy hair using black vanilla & tui leave-in conditioners how-to perfect your style using the macadamia styling collection how-to wear 3 fun styles in 1 week using carols daughter hair milk & macadamia collections how-to protect, control, smooth & style hair using carol's daughter macadamia styling collection how-to stretch curls for ultimate styling! how to get the perfect silk press with carols daughter salon consultant robin groover most popular how-to go from curly to straight using carol’s daughter’s new cupuaçu collection how to style the perfect bun-hawk for all cd kids! how to have fun on wash day using cd4kids collection lisa price introduces hair milk's new refresher spray how-to perfect your curls long past day 3 how-to refresh your curls before & after flight how-to perfect your style using the macadamia styling collection how-to wear 3 fun styles in 1 week using carols daughter hair milk & macadamia collections how-to stretch curls for ultimate styling! how to stop hair breakage on color-treated hair web series: the curl episode 1 "the pompadour" episode 2 "the curl" episode 3 "my mothers hair and bantu knots" episode 4 "in search of the perfect moisturizing oil" episode 5 "density (in thickness we trust)" our authors elle (denimpixie) vanisha sapp taren guy angel laws amber katz eileen video: 3 ways to style a braid out on natural hair with sacred tiare combing cremethese before and after results will blow your curls away! video: how to upgrade your curls | combing creme 101these before and after results will blow your curls away! 4c hair | how to fake a tapered cut without scissorsso you want the perfect tapered cut—but you don’t want to cut your hair? no problem! combing creme 101 | how to get the perfect twist outelenore preps her natural hair for styling so she can easily achieve the perfect twistout—with lots of bouncy volume. #bornandmadethis is not just another campaign. it's a commitment. video: 5 easy boho stylesget hippie-chic hair with chime! the kim k bob | how to protective style with a wigthe kim kardashian bob is easy to achieve when you have carol’s daughter and the perfect wig. video: how to get 5 easy styles for the workweek with monoi hairsprayour new monoi flexible hold hairspray gives you buildable, brushable, invisible hold so you can change up your hairstyle everyday, any day. video: 4 ways to lay down edges | baby hair, sleek pony's + morelooking for different techniques to tame those edges that sometimes just refuse to lay down? video: smooth new style using mimosa hair honey & black vanillamini marley likes to change up her curly style often. with our new black vanilla edge smoother, she instantly renews a dry style into something shiny and new. watch how... video: natural hair + exercise | how to keep "workout" hair moisturizedwhen your curls, coils, kinks and waves need instant restoration, run to any target and grab our hair milk nourishing & conditioning collection. product junkie rehab: your addictions are safe with usit may be hard to say goodbye to that mountain of conditioners, but we finally have the solution to your expensive addiction. video: how to prep colored curls for stylingwhat’s a girl to do when her hair is a dry, matted, messy and unable to style? video: how to get your best hair with monoikatie has a weekly routine that gives her healthier, more beautiful hair—with our monoi repairing collection. video: how to perfect a bantu knot out curly 'froclass is in session with mo once again! video: how-to revive tired curls effortlesslyyour curly hair needs rejuvenation—and fast. video: curls need = softness for manageability & bounceboth sharon and michelle need their different curl types to be more manageable and softer to the touch. video: how-to renew curls with marula & the pineapplebig curls that easily spiral into place can be easy to get with these tips, tricks—and our new marula curl therapy collection. video: how to go from day to night using our hair milk linebeauty by lee has everything you need to go from day-time glam to a hot evening dramatic look. video: how to wash ’n go using black vanillaget the perfect wash 'n go with our black vanilla moisture & shine collection. video: 3 steps to perfect flower crown hair with the monoi collectionadorn your crown of glory with our monoi repairing collection. video: how to upgrade your straight style with monoimo knows hair, and her new student needs instant repair on her damaged, frazzled hair from heat-styling. video: how to give your hair a healthy boostyolanda's secret behind her best hair is revealed in her 2nd diary entry. video how-to: the perfect boho braid with lisa’s hair elxiirour new lisa’s hair elixir clarifying shampoo and 7-in-1 complete conditioner will make your scalp and hair feel angelic! video: how sacred tiare transforms dull hair into bouncy curlskatie can’t stop raving about our target-exclusive hair line, sacred tiare! video: how to strengthen & ease styling using monoiget the perfect style with our monoi repairing hair mask, anti-breakage spray and split end sealer. video: how to revive frizzy summer hair mo knows hair—and that’s why she realizes the only way to get extreme repair is with our monoi repairing collection! video: how to flat-iron & twist out perfection with sacred tiareour target-exclusive sacred tiare anti-breakage & anti-frizz collection gives chary-jay the best flat-ironed, twist-out set ever! video: how to get flawless retro waves using sacred tiarejade knows how to keep her hair flawless with our target-exclusive collection, sacred tiare anti-breakage & anti-frizz line. video: how to get runway-ready hair using sacred tiareevelina dolce of diy runway is back - with the prettiest hair accessories you’ve even pinned. video: we’ve exceeded our target! see what’s happening next...lisa’s dreaming even bigger, so run to target now and stay tuned for what’s in store next... moms: how-to revive forgotten hair using black vanillawhen you’re chasing behind a baby and keeping the house clean - sometimes, naturally, you forget about your hair! video: heal frizzy situations with sacred tiaredon’t let heartbreak get the best of you, pamper yourself and your hair with our target-exclusive sacred tiare anti-breakage & anti-frizz collection. video: how-to keep perfect hair & skin every daysophia loves protecting her hair and skin, so she only uses the best hair and makeup products. video: how to revive & add moisture to hair extensions with the black vanilla collectionpatricia needs to revive her wavy hair extensions, so she chooses our black vanilla collection to add moisture and shine. video: how to use black vanilla as your everyday hair collectionsophia’s everyday hair-care routine is easy because she uses our black vanilla moisture & shine collection! video: how to soften curls with a wash 'n gocurly girl stephanie lee loves our hair milk collection because she can easily achieve soft, defined perfect curls with a wash and go-without any crunch. video: how to keep your kids smiling using cd4kidsyoung riley just wants to have fun - even when she’s getting her hair washed, conditioned and detangled. video: how to get the perfect frizz-free blowoutto achieve the perfect blowout, you must have the perfect hair products that keep hair from breaking and manages frizz with ease. video: how to style a last-minute roller set using hair milkjust got flowers from your beau before date night, and you need to quickly style your wild curls? video: how to turn a bad-hair day into a shiny, curly day!curly girl stephanie uses our black vanilla moisture & shine collection to revive her dry, lifeless curls when they get tired out. video: how to get silky, smooth straight hair without using heatevelina knows that she should only use the best hair products on her bleach-blonde hair. video: how cd4kids has leah loving her hairleah loves everything about her hair because of our kids collection, cd4kids. video: how to master a flexirod twist-out using cupuaçuhelecia loves what our cupuaçu anti-frizz collection does to her hair! video: how to turn frizzy, dry hair into a silky-smooth maneduring the cold, winter season, katie's hair is usually super-frizzy, dry and hard to tame, due to the harsh air and her color treatments. video: how to get glam waves 2 different ways with the sacred tiare collectionthese two women only put the best styling products with the best ingredients in their beautiful, long hair! video: how to make wash day a fun day using cd kids!meet skylar jae, she’s the little sister of our famous taylor jay. video: our black vanilla collection has 2 new products!everything you've ever loved about our black vanilla collection is still the exact same, but now it's perfected! video: how-to wash and go using hair milk leave-in moisturizerit’s so easy to get perfect curls using our hair milk leave-in moisturizer. video: cd4 kids goes internationaleveryone loves carol’s daughter’s new cd4kids—even this beautiful family all the way in germany. video: how to make two perfect black vanilla deep treatmentsperfect: an afro. perfect, perfected: a deeply moisturized afro full of curls using our black vanilla pure hair oil and hair smoothie. video: how to turn a classic fishtail braid into flirty wavescurly girl analisa loves the way our hair milk and hairdress products make her curls super-soft and easy to manage. video: how to give your curls their maximum lengthdon’t let shrinkage stop you from doing everything you want to do with your curls. video: how to style & keep your ponytails perfectly polishedtwo girls with two different curl patterns and hair types are obsessed with perfect ponytails. video: how to perfect a twist-out updo using hair milkbriana puts her own "twist" on a classic updo using our hair milk refresher spray and hair milk styling pudding. video: how-to go from curly to straight using carol’s daughter’s new cupuaçu collectioncurly girl stephanie has taken our pledge to stop the true cause of frizz, and she shows you how you can too! video: how-to get the best curly results using carol’s daughter monoi maskhelecia loves how rejuvenated her curls instantly feel after using our monoi repairing hair mask... video: how-to use our monoi invicincible hair set on relaxed hairour monoi invincible hair set promises 13x longer hair life as well as preventing 96% less breakage after one use. video: how to have fun on wash day using cd4kids collectionyolanda renee’s daughter, taylor jae, loves everything about our new cd 4kids collection! video: how to style the perfect bun-hawk for all cd kids!taylor jae is back! her mother teaches you how to easily style taylor's hair after using our latest kids collection cd4kids trio. video: how-to turn a flexirod set into perfect holiday curlsyolanda renee knows that the secret behind simple, perfect curls, coils kinks and flexirods. video: how-to get the perfect twisted bun for the holidaysthe must-have product for this bun is our macadamia hold & control smoother. video: how to get the perfect silk press with carols daughter salon consultant robin grooverhow to get the perfect silk press blow-out. video: how-to get perfect spiral-curls using carol's daughter hair milk puddingdefine and shine every single curl with our hair milk style. video: how to refresh 5-day curls into a perfect updo with carol’s daughter hair milk refresher spraycurly girl jade loves our new hair milk refresher spray because she can refresh her curls anytime, anywhere. video: how to get volume & mermaid curls using carol's daughter macadamia heat setting foamkatie loves making beautiful, healthy-looking mermaid curls with macadamia heat setting foam. video: how-to get healthy hair using black vanilla & tui leave-in conditionersa good moisturizing leave-in conditioner is needed for all hair types... video: lisa price introduces hair milk's new refresher spraycarol’s daughter founder lisa price is the ultimate curly girl! she curls by the hair milk simple. perfect. curls. video: how-to refresh your curls before & after flightcurly girl chary-jay needs her simple, perfect curls to last while she goes to a big event in new york city... video: how-to perfect your style using the macadamia styling collectioncarol's daughter's macadamia styling collection protects your hair heat, controls frizz and adds a shine ... video: how-to wear 3 fun styles in 1 week using carols daughter hair milk & macadamia collectionscurly girl ashley loves variety—that's why she loves our hair milk simple. perfect. curls. and macadamia styling collections... video: how to define & moisturize for the perfect wash & go with carol's daughter hair milkcurly girl lee uses our hair milk simple. perfect. curls. leave-in moisturizers to define... video: how-to stretch curls for ultimate styling!did you know that curls, coils, kinks & waves can shrink up to 80% of its normal length? video: how-to protect, control, smooth & style hair using carol's daughter macadamia styling collectionnaturally curly vlogger meechy monroe uses two products from our macadamia styling... video: how to stop hair breakage using monoi anti-breakage spraydid you know that detangling hair when it’s wet is the no. 1 cause of hair breakage?... video: "the curl" episode 5: density (in thickness we trust)density is the number of hairs you have on a given area of the scalp... video: monoi anti-breakage spray: how it works on color-treated hairhow to stop hair breakage on color-treated hair... video: how-to get a quick, elegant updo with carols daughter macadamia heat protection serumbargain princess turns week-old hair into an amazing updo using our macadamia... video: how to grow your best hair using lisa’s hair elixir collectionms. kibibi tries out our lisa’s hair elixir scalp & hair health collection for the first time... video: how to protect, nourish & shine all styles using our hairdresslegendary hair expert & carol’s daughter hair consultant robin groover educates us on... video: "the curl" episode 4: in search of the perfect moisturizing oilthe single most important part of any healthy hair regimen is making... video: how to treat dry, brittle hair using our tui smoothie as a hair maskkatie’s hair is normally dry and brittle, due to heat and daily sun damage... video: how to use tui hair smoothie on color-treated curlsshanti from around the way curls tries our tui moisturizing hair smoothie... video: how to moisturize extremely dry hair using carol’s daughter black vanilla collectionnaturally curly girl meechy monroe reviews three amazing hair care products... video: how to control frizz using black vanilla hair smoothiemelissa says our black vanilla moisturizing hair smoothie is the must-have for dry, frizzy hair... video: lisa’s secret behind stronger, more beautiful curlscarol’s daughter founder lisa price reveals her secret hair regimen... video: how to use the new lisa’s hair elixir collectioncharyjay shows you how to use our new collection, lisa’s hair elixir scalp & hair health duo... video: how to use mimosa hair honey on 2nd-day curlsshanti from around the way curls uses our mimosa hair honey... video: how monoi oil works miracles on all hair typesmelissa melmphs has been using our monoi oil sacred strengthening serum... video: how to get great 2nd day curls using tui leave-in conditionercurly girl antoinette raves about two of our best hair care products... video: how to use monoi oil as your after-shower haircare routinekatie of youtube channel pink beauty bliss loves our monoi oil sacred strengthening serum... video: carol's daughter monoi oil review: antoinette of around the way curlsthis curly haired vlogger never would have dreamed of putting any type of oil on her fine, frizzy curls... video: how monoi oil is a true multi-taskermae is a true curly girl who loves wearing her natural curls big and beautiful. to keep them soft and easy... video: how-to protect hair from heat-styling using monoi oilterri loves her natural curls, but she enjoys wearing her hair silky... video: how-to use monoi oil as a hot-oil treatment & styling aidchristiana has naturally curly hair, but she loves to highlight her... video: how to get soft waves using monoi oilerica loves straight hair that has a little volume to it, but her problem is the daily damage ... video: how-to use monoi oil for a wash and gocurly girl nikisha of urbanbushbabes loves our new monoi oil sacred strengthening serum on her thick, wavy curls... video: perfect & style your curls with our hair milk collectionour new simple. perfect. curls. hair milk collection has the best hair care... video: monoi repairing split end sealer testimonial - relaxed hair with split endswatch as kenya reveals how the monoi repairing split end sealer works for her relaxed hair! video: get 2 picture-ready hairstyles using marguerite's magicneed the perfect style for your night out on the town? video: how to create twist outs with new hair milk collectionwatch as meechy creates fabulous looking twist outs! how monoi split end sealer works on natural hairwatch as mae discusses how our monoi split end sealer feels on her natural hair! video: carol's daughter hair balm reviewmeechy reviews the best product to use when styling a twist-out set video: party tendrilscurly girl chary jay loves to party my first thoughts on the monoi split end sealerelle of quest for the perfect curl is ready to give our monoi repairing split end sealer a try! watch as she shares her initial thoughts of the product. video: anana’s twist-outwatch as anana reveals how the healthy hair butter, macadamia heat setting foam and our macadamia finishing shine mist complement a twist-out. video: put an end to split ends!seal your split ends instantly so you can skip the trim, keep your length and have stronger, longer hair. see how it works. monoi repairing split end sealer reviewwatch as amber discusses haircuts and split ends and how she uses our monoi repairing split end sealer! video: black vanilla smoothie deep conditioner revieware your strands in need of some tlc? watch as nina showcases how she uses our black vanilla smoothie! hair milk pudding testimonialswatch as real women describe how our new hair milk pudding works on their curly hair! video: hair confessions: how monoi split end sealer works for kristhle's heat styled hairkristhle puts just about every type of heat you can imagine on her hair. from blow drying to flat ironing, she does it all! watch to find out how our monoi split end sealer works for her. video: hair milk simple. perfect. curls collectionwatch as real women describe how our new hair milk collection works on their curly hair! video: our chocolat smoothing collection works for all hair typeswatch as real women describe how the chocolat smooth collection smoothes and softens their hair! video: new hair milk products reviewmae describes how the hair milk collection works on her natural hair! how our chocolat smooth blow dry cream workswatch as real women describe how the chocolat blow dry cream helps to keep their naturally curly hair straight. video: lisa price explains benefits of the transitioning 1-2-3 kit!carols daughter founder lisa price explains benefits of the transitioning 1-2-3 kit! video: how our monoi collection works on relaxed hairwatch as eboni tells you how our monoi collection works on her relaxed, flat ironed hair! video: how the transitioning 1-2-3 kit works on natural hairalready have natural hair and wondering how the transitioning 1-2-3 kit will work for you? video: hair milk co-wash testimonialswatch as real women describe how our new hair milk co-wash works on their curly hair! video: how our monoi collection works on heat styled hairwatch as marina tells you how our monoi collection works on her heat styled hair! video: how our monoi collection works on color treated locswatch as crystal tells you how our monoi collection works on her color treated locs! how to detangle & co-wash natural strandsour rosemary mint clarifying conditioner also works as a great product to co-wash and detangle hair! video: hair milk original leave-in moisturizer testimonialswatch as real women describe how our newly formulated hair milk original leave-in moisturizer works on their curly hair! video: the secret to my super soft hairjennifer has mounds of beautiful, natural hair! here’s the product she uses to keep her hair super soft. how to rinse & style hennasummertime is the right time to rock henna in your hair! hydrate your skin with our acai collectionwatch as lexi shows you how to use our acai skincare set! video: smooth your curly strands with chocolatwatch as hairstylist bibbi garcia puts our chocolat smoothing collection to the test! natural hair ‘do of the day: pinned two strand twist updolooking for a new way to style your natural strands? video: carol's daughter celebrates mother's dayat carol's daughter, we celebrate mothers every day! video: how-to perfect your curls long past day 3summer’s curls are defined, boucy, moisturized, frizz-free and beautiful—and she wants them to stay that way... video: find your beauty by naturewatch our brand commercial now! deep conditioning tips for protective stylesare you rocking a protective style on your natural hair? then you need to deep condition! video: give yourself a special updowatch as nina creates a beautiful updo on her natural hair! video: how to create a fishtail double braidthe cute braid is perfect for spring! here’s how you use our olive oil infusionare you transitioning from relaxed to natural hair... the many uses of our hair balmcan’t figure out how to use our hair balm? watch this to find out! video: momma says….lisa price and top magazine directors share their mother’s skincare tips. video: avoid hair gel “drippies” with our hold & control smoother!oh behave! ever wonder how vanisha tames her edges? watch to find out how! video: coconut collection review watch as alexis shows you how she uses our coconut bath & body collection! video: natural hair questions: dry deep conditioningwatch as elle shows you how she uses ours black vanilla hair smoothie as a leave-in conditioner. wash day with monoi video: almond cookie shea souffle for pedicures & more! our almond cookie shea souffle isn’t just a daily moisturizer. watch as nina shows you its many uses! easy faux hawk for curly hair looking for a cool new way to wear your curly hair? watch as jennifer of bargain princess shows you how to create a faux hawk! loc butter & black vanilla leave-in conditioner review by taren guy watch as taren creates a braid out using our loc butter! video: hair talk: how i grow my hairif you’re transitioning to natural hair, sometimes the best way to grow out your relaxer is by wearing... video: blowout on natural hair (my super shrinkage revealed)!beautiful brown baby doll is back with her thick, curly natural hair. how i use my chocolat smoothing blow dry cream watch as elle of denimpixie demonstrates how she uses her chocolat smoothing blow dry cream. video: monoi review by taren guytaren guy of taren 916 reviews our monoi repairing collection. video: mimosa hair honey twist-outs by jenniferjennifer rocha of bargainprincess gives herself twist outs using our black vanilla leave-in conditioner. video: various ways to use lisa's hair elixir sasha-shae shaw of afroniquely you showcases how she uses her lisa's hair elixir. revista de la colección chocolatcelia san miguel of sickathanaverage.com reviews our new chocolat smooth collection. style your hair with our macadamia foamour macadamia foam is for more than just heat styling. watch as elle shows you why! video: lisa price talks chocolatlisa price describes why she created the chocolat smooth collection. product review: carol’s daughter hair balmwatch as vanisha talks about how she uses our hair balm on her natural hair! find us on... about us lisa’s story our mission in the press career opportunities stores & events mirror salon videos customer service faq's shipping policy international shipping return policy track your order sms membership contact us popular searches hair milk monoi lisa's hair elixir black vanilla natural hair almond cookie kids hairdress from humble beginnings in her kitchen, carol’s daughter founder lisa price transformed her beloved hobby of mixing fragrances at home into a beauty empire. after selling her natural beauty products at flea markets and from her living room, price officially established carol's daughter, lovingly named for her mother. today, we offer prestige hair, body and skincare products made with rare, natural ingredients like monoi oil, shea and cocoa butters and açai. we have collections that repair (top-seller monoi), perfect curls (classic hair milk) and soothe skin (favorite almond cookie). privacy policy terms *up to 10 autodialed marketing msg/mo. standard msg & data rates may apply. consent not req to purchase. help=help, stop=stop copyright carol’s daughter, consumer products division of l’oreal usa s/d, inc. 99 hudson st., new york, ny 10013. all rights reserved. our customer service hours of operation are monday – friday, 10 am – 6 pm (et). 877-540-2101