来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20221208104431/https://www.carolsdaughter.com/blog/hair/hair-care-tips/hair-butter-for-natural-hair.html
================================================================================

what is hair butter for natural hair? - carol’s daughter skip to content skip to footer navigation cookie notice your browser currently is not set to accept cookies. please turn it on or check if you have another program set to block cookies. an error occured on the server, please try later or contact the customer service × you're in offline mode with a limited website functionality. please check your network connection. javascript seems to be disabled in your browser. in order to get the best possible experience please enable javascript and reload the page. search en stores email sign up my account my cart 0 0 product in cart my cart hair products product type best sellers exclusive value sets sulfate free shampoos conditioners leave-in conditioners detanglers combing cremes hair masks hair oils treatments hairdress protective stylers hair moisturizers styling hair type straight hair wavy hair curly hair coily & tightly curled hair damaged hair dry hair frizzy hair thin & fine hair natural hair curl type quiz match your curls with products they'll love. find your curl type goddess strength moisturizes & strengthens weak strands shop now monoi repairing monoi products to repair & protect shop now family favorites our top selection chosen by you shop now body & skin care product type best sellers exclusive value sets body washes & soap body moisturizers hand & foot care body sprays face care skin type all skin types dry skin extra-dry skin product finder find your recipe for beautiful, healthy-looking hair & skin. find your right products almond cookie hydrating formulas with our #1 scent shop now collections hair products almond milk – daily damage repair black vanilla – moisture & shine coco crème – extreme moisture goddess strength – moisture + strength hair milk – nourishing & conditioning mimosa hair honey – protective styles monoi – repairing monoi ora – repair + volume wash day – deep cleanse + easy detangling body & skin care almond cookie angel food cake body classics gardenia lavender and vanilla monoi body sugar dipped vanilla about us about the brand love delivered family favorites ingredients ingredients guide love delivered black maternal health advocate. learn more see all about us blog hair all hairstyles hair care tips natural hairstyles curly hairstyles short hairstyles braids protective styles see all blog curl guide curl hub curl guide 4c hair type 4b hair type 4a hair type 3c hair type 3b hair type 3a hair type 2c hair type 2b hair type 2a hair type glossary curl glossary curl type quiz match your curls with products they'll love. find your curl type see all curl guide curl quiz offers offers sale last call new arrivals affordable luxury accessible beauty items $10 or less gift sets travel size online exclusive sets sets under $25 sets $25-$49.99 sets $50 and up hair care sets body & skin care sets see all offers my account stores search i'm looking for... search close clear popular searches curl finder curl hub hair care tips natural hairstyles natural hair care products main content hair products body & skin care collections about us blog curl guide curl quiz offers home blog hair hair care tips why you should be using hair butter on your natural hair back to hair care tips why you should be using hair butter on your natural hair these decadent formulas should not be overlooked. 26 oct 2022 if you’re perusing down the natural hair aisle, chances are you’ll spot a variety of hair products, hair butter included. but the truth is, hair butter is much more than a styling product for natural hair. to learn more about hair butter and why it’s a good option for a black hair moisturizer, keep reading below. what is hair butter and what does it do? sure, hair butter can be used as a styling cream, but there’s so much more to it. hair butters bring out major curl definition, especially to frizz-prone hair and tightly coiled hair types like 4b curl type and 4c curls. hair butters are formulated with a blend of natural oils and unrefined butters and a slew of other hydrating ingredients to create rich, velvety and super hydrating creams that keep moisture in the hair and help with styling, too. carol’s daughter healthy hair butter is one of the best hair moisturizers for black hair and has been a best-seller for 20 years. hair butters are ideal for those with thicker and denser hair types, since they do tend to be heavy in weight. when used on the proper curl type, hair butters help to add moisture and prevent dryness and frizz. fine to medium hair types should consult with a professional stylist before adding hair butter to their hair routine. if the hair is too fine, it can actually weigh down the strand and create greasy, limp and undefined curls. what are different types of hair butter? in most cases, hair butters don’t vary too much from one to the other. the key differences can be found in the ingredient list. the unrefined natural butters used in these rich formulas are shea, cocoa and mango hair butters — all of which are uber moisturizing. as for oils, the most commonly used are castor, coconut, almond, jojoba and avocado oils. and in most formulations, you’ll likely see a variety of these oils blended together. is hair butter good for natural hair? the short answer is, yes it can be. while hair butters aren’t for everyone, they are certainly beneficial for hair types that tend to be dry and brittle and can be one of the best products for curly frizzy hair. here are a few benefits of adding hair butter to your natural hair routine. hair butters combat dryness since hair butters are chock-full of moisturizing ingredients, their most common use is adding moisture to the hair. since curly hair is naturally drier, especially type 4 curls, hair butters work best on black hair. if you have dry hair, adding a hair butter to your regimen can keep dryness at bay and help to boost the health and feel of your strands. warning: just be sure not to overuse hair butters. using too much product or applying it too often can add buildup to the hair and cause breakage or brittleness. hair butters may help minimize split ends and breakage just like hair butter helps to keep dryness to a minimum, the same goes for hair damage. dryness is a common cause for split ends and hair breakage, so when your strands aren’t thirsty, the chance of hair breakage decreases. hair butters can help boost scalp health some hair butters are made with ingredients that are anti-inflammatory, antibacterial and antimicrobial — all of which are great for optimal scalp health. hair butters can also be used to add moisture to the scalp, which can be especially helpful for those with dry scalp issues. just be sure to wash your hair and scalp regularly with a sulfate-free shampoo to avoid buildup on the scalp that can cause itching, odor or blocked hair follicles. one of our favorite shampoos to get rid of product buildup is the wash day delight sulfate-free shampoo with rose water. the pointed tip applicator helps to target the scalp as you apply. hair butters help with curl definition having curl definition is a goal of every curly girl and hair butter can help you achieve that; it’s one of the best products for curl definition. because these formulas are rich and moisturizing, applying them to your natural hair will help your natural curl pattern pop. for best results, apply in small sections and use the rake and scrunch technique to allow your curls to form and clump as they please. is hair butter good for hair length? while more research is needed to determine if hair butter helps with hair length, there are a few reasons we think the use of hair butter may help. since hair butters are chock-full of fatty acids, applying these formulas may help to deliver beneficial nutrients to the hair that may help with hair length. now, this isn’t a cure-all, so don’t expect this product alone to give you rapunzel-length locks. but there is hope that hair butters can, in fact, help you on your hair length journey. how to use hair butter sold on hair butter? the good news is, there are a variety of ways to add hair butter into your hair care routine. keep reading to find our favorite ways below. use hair butter for curl definition we said before, but we’ll say it again: no one would say no to more curl definition. using hair butter as a styler will not only keep your curls moisturized, but they will keep their shape for longer, too. if you’re using hair butter as a styler, it’s best to apply it as the final step in your product routine and prime it with a leave-in conditioner like the black vanilla moisture and shine leave-in conditioner made for dry, dull and brittle locks. use hair butter on a protective style if you’re rocking a twist out or box braids, hair butter can help your style stay smooth and frizz-free for longer. simply wash and condition your hair with your favorite cleansing and conditioning duo (we love the wash day delight set) and add your favorite hair butter like the coco creme coil enhancing moisture butter to each section before you twist or braid. if your protective style is an updo, apply the butter from root to tip before styling. use hair butter as a deep treatment because hair butters are naturally heavy in weight, they may weigh down fine to medium hair types. if you have fine to medium hair, but still want to reap the benefits of hair butter, consider using it as a deep treatment. the hair milk curl defining butter is a great option for this since it softens the hair and adds major sheen. apply it to the hair, allow it to sit for 10-30 minutes and wash, condition and style as usual. use hair butter as an overnight mask for days when your hair just needs a little tlc, consider applying the hair butter at night, before you snooze, to soak into your strands while you sleep. to avoid a messy pillowcase or sheets, you can secure hair with a silk or satin bonnet or scarf. once morning comes, wash and style your hair and you’ll wake up to soft, supple hair with lasting curl definition. looking for more hair care tips? check out why sulfate-free shampoo for natural hair is a must. related products quick view discover wishlist healthy hair butter 20-year favorite! old price new price $17.00 loading ... quick view discover wishlist wash day delight sulfate free shampoo with rose water deeply cleanses without stripping old price new price $11.99 loading ... quick view discover wishlist black vanilla moisture & shine leave-in conditioner for dry, dull or brittle hair old price new price $10.99 loading ... quick view discover wishlist wash day delight aloe vera shampoo and conditioner care kit old price $23.98 new price $21.58 loading ... quick view discover wishlist coco crème coil enhancing moisture butter helps extremely dry hair old price new price $11.99 loading ... quick view discover wishlist hair milk curl defining butter for curls, coils, kinks & waves old price new price $11.99 loading ... email sign up email mobile phone yes, i want to receive promotional emails from carol’s daughter and other l'oréal brands. by clicking sign up, i confirm i am a us resident, 16+, agree to carol’s daughter terms of use. i have read and acknowledge carol’s daughter privacy policy and notice of financial incentives. i understand i may unsubscribe from promotional emails at any time. i agree to receive recurring promotional and personalized text messages (e.g. cart reminders) to the mobile number provided from carol’s daughter using automated means (including for the selection or dialing of a telephone number) and to the mobile terms (which include an arbitration provision to resolve disputes). i confirm i am a us consumer, 18+, and understand consent is not a condition of purchase. msg frequency varies. msg & data rates may apply, text help for help and stop to cancel. privacy policynotice of financial incentives. submit sign up share this article share on facebook share on twitter share on pinterest on the same topic discover the best haircare tips for natural and curly hair from carol's daughter's beauty blog. check out our recipes for a beautiful life. holiday gift guide 2022 07 dec 2022 how to moisturize from your strands to your toes how to style curtain bangs for curly hair type 2a hair: how do i take care of my waves? 17 nov 2022 free samples on all orders free shipping on all orders a free gift on orders of $50+ exclusive offers footer navigation about us lisa's story in the press career opportunities store locator discontinued products customer service contact us faqs shipping policy privacy policy digital accessibility statement cookie settings terms mobile text terms track your order site map popular searches monoi hair milk black vanilla natural hair leave-in conditioner almond cookie email sign up email mobile phone yes, i want to receive promotional emails from carol’s daughter and other l'oréal brands. by clicking sign up, i confirm i am a us resident, 16+, agree to carol’s daughter terms of use. i have read and acknowledge carol’s daughter privacy policy and notice of financial incentives. i understand i may unsubscribe from promotional emails at any time. i agree to receive recurring promotional and personalized text messages (e.g. cart reminders) to the mobile number provided from carol’s daughter using automated means (including for the selection or dialing of a telephone number) and to the mobile terms (which include an arbitration provision to resolve disputes). i confirm i am a us consumer, 18+, and understand consent is not a condition of purchase. msg frequency varies. msg & data rates may apply, text help for help and stop to cancel. privacy policynotice of financial incentives. submit sign up contact us please feel free to contact us or call us at 1-877-540-2101 mon-fri, 8am-7pm est. get in touch with us find a store 1-800-526-2563 follow us copyright carol's daughter © 2022 this site is intended for us consumers. cookies and related technology are used for advertising. to learn more or opt-out, visit adchoices and our privacy policy. privacy policy terms & conditions user content permission accessibility site map cookie settings free samples + free shipping on all orders · free gift orders $50+ curl quiz email sign up curl quiz email sign up for the best experience, please turn your device