来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20231231033112/https://www.carolsdaughter.com/blog/hair/hair-care-tips/edge-control.html
================================================================================

how to lay edges - carol’s daughter skip to content skip to footer navigation an error occured on the server, please try later or contact the customer service × you're in offline mode with a limited website functionality. please check your network connection. javascript seems to be disabled in your browser. in order to get the best possible experience please enable javascript and reload the page. search email sign up my account hair products product type sulfate free shampoos conditioners leave-in conditioners detanglers combing cremes hair masks hair oils treatments hairdress protective stylers hair moisturizers styling hair concern damaged hair dry hair frizzy hair hair breakage tangled hair dull hair hair shrinkage hair type coily & tightly curled hair (4a-4c) curly hair (3b-3c) wavy hair (2a-3a) straight hair (1a-1b) thin & fine hair natural hair curl type quiz match your curls with products they'll love. find your curl type collections collection goddess strength black vanilla born to repair coco crème monoi hair milk wash day body & skincare new arrivals best sellers quizzes brooklyn neighborhood quiz curl quiz curl hub curl hub 4c hair type 4b hair type 4a hair type 3c hair type 3b hair type 3a hair type 2c hair type 2b hair type 2a hair type curl glossary how-to ingredients curl type quiz match your curls with products they'll love. find your curl type about us our founder love delivered store locator latest with lisa love delivered black maternal health advocate. learn more blog hair all hairstyles curly hair care tips natural hairstyles curly hairstyles short hairstyles braids protective styles see all blog offers coupon offer my account stores email sign up search i'm looking for... search close clear main content hair products collections quizzes curl hub about us blog offers home blog hair hair care tips how to lay edges for beginners back to hair care tips how to lay edges for beginners get those edges laid, honey. 13 dec 2023 there’s something about laid edges that just ups your hair game. sure, we like edge control for the sleek, smooth look that it gives any hairstyle, but it’s also a fun, playful way to add some pizzazz to an otherwise traditional hairstyle. while laying your edges can seem intimidating to master, it’s really simple with a little practice. if you’ve ever wondered how to lay your edges or how to perfect edge control, you’re in the right place. keep reading to learn more about edges and how to control hair edges no matter your hair type. what are edges? edges, otherwise known as baby hairs, are the shorter strands of hair that fall around the hairline. these strands are usually finer and shorter, which can make them challenging to slick down, especially if you’re sporting an updo or sleek ponytail. the texture of your edges depends on your natural hair type. if you have wavy hair, your edges may be mostly straight with a light wave. for curly hair types, edges are usually wavy or slightly curly and for coily hair, you can expect curly to coily baby hairs. a step-by-step guide on how to lay edges the good news is that styling edges isn’t difficult. in fact, with the right tools and a pinch of patience, you can get those edges laid in no time. here’s how to lay your edges in four simple steps. step 1. grab your products and tools you don’t need a cocktail of products for edge control, but having a dependable one that offers a strong hold without flaking is essential. our top pick is the coco creme curl shaping cream gel with coconut oil. it keeps even the finest, wispiest hairs in place without making your curls crunchy or greasy. note: we recommend scrunching your ends with this hydrating gel cream to give your spirals extra bounce and definition. as for tools, reach for a toothbrush, edge brush or fine-tooth comb for smoothness and detailing (more on this below). step 2. apply your cream or edge gel if this is your first time styling your edges, remember less is more. grab a pea-size amount of the cream gel and apply it to your baby hairs. you’ll want to apply the product pushing the hair in the natural direction of your hairline. step 3. create your design for edge-control-newbies, start simple with this step. grab your brush or fine-tooth comb and sweep your edges into a loose c-shape swoop going away from and then back towards your hairline. once you’ve mastered the basic swoop, you can advance to more detailed styling designs. from s-shapes to swirls and twirls, the options are endless. just have fun. there’s no right or wrong way to style your edges. step 4. add more hold, if needed if you have coily or naturally frizzy hair, you may find that your hair needs a little more product to keep it in place. feel free to spray with a stronger hold product like a hair spray or top off your edges with a pomade to lock your style into place all-day long. find your personalized routine! know your curls better than ever before! our quick and easy 5-step quiz, which uses powerful data to determine your hair type, will help you understand your strands. set aside a couple of minutes to answer some simple questions, and we’ll take care of the rest. at the end, we’ll identify your curl type and main hair concerns, and provide expert tips, product recommendations, and a personalized routine. the journey to gorgeous hair starts now. click here to find your personalized routine. how to style edges for different hair types and hairstyles while the steps to styling your edges are the same, no matter what hair type you have, you may find that some hair types and textures may be easier or harder to lay edges than another. for example, straight to wavy hair types can lay edges easier than coily hair because they tend to slick down with more ease. edge styling can also differ depending on which hairstyle you’re sporting. if you’re styling your hair up, you may choose a more intricate edge design, but if you’re wearing your hair out, a simple swoop to keep edges smooth can do the trick. how to have edge control so you’ve styled your edges, but you want to keep them locked in place all-day long. the proof is in the edge control product. think strong, but still flexible and soft. no one wants crunchy edges. here are a few more edge control products that we’d recommend adding to your arsenal. a lightweight gel: the wash day delight gel-to-foam styler this airy mousse-like gel is so light, it practically dissolves as you apply it. but don’t let its fluffy consistency fool you. this foam offers a 48-hour hold and dries in seconds, so you can ensure your detailed swoops and swirls don’t budge. a sticky pomade: black vanilla edge control smoother for unruly and frizz-prone strands, a sticky pomade will do the trick. this edge control smoother keeps edges flat and smooth throughout the day. simply apply the product on dry hair and style as desired. a shine booster: black vanilla shine enhancing hair sheen if you want to add a bit of shine to your edge artwork, spritz on this moisturizing spray. it not only gives hair a healthy, natural sheen, it keeps dry, dull and brittle hair at bay by conditioning strands with a blend of moisture-rich oils. how to care for edges while styled edges is a fun addition to any ‘do, properly caring for these delicate, fine hairs is a must. if you aren’t careful, over manipulation of your edges can cause breakage and thinning. to help grow your edges (or simply avoid losing them), be gentle with them and give them routine tlc. here are a few tips to proper edge care. be gentle avoid tugging and pulling on your baby hairs and use a gentle touch when styling them. they’re called baby hairs for a reason. they aren’t as strong and durable as the rest of your mane so give those hairline wispies a soft touch. keep them moisturized apply a hydrating oil to your strands at night to keep them moisturized while you snooze. try born to repair reviving oil with shea butter, which helps to reverse damage and deeply moisturizes strands, too. protect your hair while you sleep friction is one of the top causes of hair breakage, especially at the hairline. protect your fragile baby hairs at night by sleeping on a silk pillowcase or securing your hair in a silk or satin bonnet. this is a must if you’re trying to regrow your edges or avoid thinning. next up: 7 hair strengthening tips for weak curly hair related products monoi (repair + protect) multi-styling milk hair milk 4-in-1 combing creme black vanilla 4-in-1 combing creme black vanilla moisture & shine hair sheen email sign up email mobile phone by submitting this form, i confirm i am a us resident, 16+, and (1) agree to carol's daughter's terms of use and to receive marketing and promotional communications from carol's daughter and other l’oreal brands , and (2) have read and acknowledge the carol's daughter's privacy policy and notice of financial incentives. carol's daughter uses personal information it collects and processes to provide you tailored and personalized content, advertisements, offers, and other marketing and promotional communications (including promotional emails) from carol's daughter and other l’oreal brands, including based on your beauty profile, and for other purposes listed in carol's daughter's privacy policy. by submitting this form, i agree to receiving recurring promotional and personalized marketing text messages (e.g. cart reminders) to the mobile number provided from carol’s daughter using automated means (including for the selection or dialing of a telephone number) and to the mobile terms (which include an arbitration provision to resolve disputes). i confirm i am a us consumer, 18+, the owner of the mobile number provided, and understand consent is not a condition of purchase. msg frequency varies. msg & data rates may apply. text help for help and stop to cancel. privacy policy notice of financial incentives by submitting this form, i confirm i am a us resident, 16+, and (1) agree to carol's daughter's terms of use and to receive marketing and promotional communications from carol's daughter and other l’oreal brands , and (2) have read and acknowledge the carol's daughter's privacy policy and notice of financial incentives. carol's daughter uses personal information it collects and processes to provide you tailored and personalized content, advertisements, offers, and other marketing and promotional communications (including promotional emails) from carol's daughter and other l'oreal brands, including based on your beauty profile, and for other purposes listed in carol's daughter's privacy policy. submit sign up share this article share on facebook share on twitter share on pinterest on the same topic discover the best haircare tips for natural and curly hair from carol's daughter's beauty blog. check out our recipes for a beautiful life. the benefits of coconut oil for hair 07 feb 2024 how to care for 2b hair with the right products and routine 07 feb 2024 how to wash 4b hair properly 07 feb 2024 how to care for fluffy curls for a soft and voluminous mane 13 dec 2023 for allcurl types black founded superioringredients no nasties footer navigation about us lisa's story in the press career opportunities store locator discontinued products customer service contact us faqs privacy policy digital accessibility statement cookie settings terms mobile text terms site map your privacy choices notice at collection popular searches monoi hair milk black vanilla natural hair leave-in conditioner almond cookie email sign up email mobile phone by submitting this form, i confirm i am a us resident, 16+, and (1) agree to carol's daughter's terms of use and to receive marketing and promotional communications from carol's daughter and other l’oreal brands , and (2) have read and acknowledge the carol's daughter's privacy policy and notice of financial incentives. carol's daughter uses personal information it collects and processes to provide you tailored and personalized content, advertisements, offers, and other marketing and promotional communications (including promotional emails) from carol's daughter and other l’oreal brands, including based on your beauty profile, and for other purposes listed in carol's daughter's privacy policy. by submitting this form, i agree to receiving recurring promotional and personalized marketing text messages (e.g. cart reminders) to the mobile number provided from carol’s daughter using automated means (including for the selection or dialing of a telephone number) and to the mobile terms (which include an arbitration provision to resolve disputes). i confirm i am a us consumer, 18+, the owner of the mobile number provided, and understand consent is not a condition of purchase. msg frequency varies. msg & data rates may apply. text help for help and stop to cancel. privacy policy notice of financial incentives by submitting this form, i confirm i am a us resident, 16+, and (1) agree to carol's daughter's terms of use and to receive marketing and promotional communications from carol's daughter and other l’oreal brands , and (2) have read and acknowledge the carol's daughter's privacy policy and notice of financial incentives. carol's daughter uses personal information it collects and processes to provide you tailored and personalized content, advertisements, offers, and other marketing and promotional communications (including promotional emails) from carol's daughter and other l'oreal brands, including based on your beauty profile, and for other purposes listed in carol's daughter's privacy policy. submit sign up contact us please feel free to contact us or call us at 1-877-540-2101 mon-fri, 8am-7pm est. get in touch with us find a store 1-800-526-2563 follow us copyright carol's daughter © 2023 this site is intended for us consumers. cookies and related technology are used for advertising. to learn more or opt-out, visit adchoices and our privacy policy. privacy policy terms & conditions user content permission accessibility site map cookie settings for the best experience, please turn your device