来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20151231130211/http://www.carandtruckremotes.com:80/remote-covers.html
================================================================================

car remote protectors - leather and silicone rubber keyfob covers for keyless entry home  |  about us  |  faq  |  contact us |  my account  |  sign in |  my account  |  sign out 1-866-690-4308 9am - 6pm mon - fri est free shipping click here for details 0 home  ::  accessories  ::  remote coverskeyless remote covers, car remote protectors coversshop stylish and colorful remote covers at carandtruckremotes.com. prices starting at only $9.95. protect your expensive car remote with one of our covers! personalize your keyless entry remote - wife gets red cover you get blue. no more - who took my keys questions. keyless entry remotes are very expensive to replace. protect your car remote against damage. key fobs are expensive to replace, get a cheap remote protectors to reduce the possibility of damaging your keyless entry remotes. universal car remote cover tote - medium universal car remote cover tote - large universal car remote cover tote - extra large acura keyless entry remote cover - fits 3 and 4 button remotes buick, chevrolet, gmc, hummer, pontiac remote cover - fits 2,3,4 button buick, chevrolet, cadillac, gmc, pontiac, saturn remote cover - 4 button buick, chevrolet, cadillac, gmc, pontiac, saturn remote cover - 4 button late models buick, chevrolet, cadillac, gmc, pontiac, saturn remote cover - 3 button buick, chevrolet, cadillac, gmc, pontiac, saturn remote cover - 5 button cadillac and corvette keyless entry remote cover - fits 4 and 5 button remotes dodge, chrysler, jeep keyless remote rubber cover - 3 button dodge, chrysler, jeep keyless remote rubber cover - 4 button dodge, chrysler minivan keyless remote rubber cover - 6 button dodge, chrysler, jeep keyless remote fobik rubber cover ford, lincoln, mercury, mazda keyless remote rubber cover - 3 button ford, lincoln, mercury keyless remote rubber cover - 4 button ford, lincoln, mercury, mazda remote/key combo rubber cover - 4 button ford, lincoln, mercury keyless remote rubber cover - 5 button (van, suv) ford, lincoln, mercury, mazda remote/key combo rubber cover - 3/4/5 button honda keyless entry remote rubber cover - 4 button honda keyless remote/key combo rubber cover - 4 button honda keyless remote/key combo rubber cover - 3 button honda keyless entry remote rubber cover - 3 button honda odyssey keyless remote rubber cover - 6 button honda odyssey 1999-2004 keyless remote rubber cover hyundai, kia keyless remote rubber cover - 3 button hyundai, kia keyless remote rubber cover - 4 button hyundai, kia keyless keyless remote rubber cover - 4 button lexus keyless remote/key combo rubber cover - 3 button mazda 3, 6, protege, mpv keyless remote rubber cover - 3 button nissan, infiniti keyless remote rubber cover - 3 button nissan, infiniti keyless remote rubber cover - 4 button nissan, infiniti keyless remote smart key rubber cover - 3 button nissan, infiniti keyless remote smart key rubber cover - 4 button nissan keyless remote / key rubber cover - 3 button subaru keyless remote rubber cover - 3/4 button toyota, scion keyless entry remote rubber cover - 3 button toyota, scion, pontiac vibe keyless remote rubber cover - 4 button toyota, scion round keyless remote rubber cover - 3 button toyota, scion round keyless remote rubber cover - 4 button toyota, scion keyless remote / key rubber cover - 4 button toyota prius keyless entry remote rubber cover universal car remote cover totes there are many benefits to having universal car remote cover totes. these auto remote covers are the perfect way to keep your remotes safe. they are also very stylish. not to mention, these totes make finding your auto remote very simple. these totes are a great find for anyone that wants to keep their remotes in good working order for as long as possible. a large car remote tote will hold almost any size remote. it will keep it secure and help prevent it from being harmed if you accidentally drop it. it is expensive to replace a car remote, so having a car remote tote can help you avoid this unnecessary expense. you can feel confident about your remote being protected with a nice large car remote tote made of genuine leather. a small plastic window will allow you to use the remote while it is still in the tote. that way, you do not have to remove it from the tote often. if you do want to remove it, it is easy to do. you will have no trouble taking the remote of the tote to change a battery or for any other reason. auto remote covers look good and fashionable. you can enjoy choosing a color that suits your personal style. try a few different colors if you want some variety. you can have a large tote for your remote that matches all of your outfits if you choose. pick from classic colors like black, white, and brown. you can also try out trendy colors like pink, yellow, blue, red, and silver. have fun picking out the right auto remote covers for your needs. you will have plenty of choices. a car remote tote makes finding your remote and keys simple. you will be able to find your tote with ease and it comes with a key ring that holds all of your keys. enjoy the convenience of owning one of these large auto remote totes. you can feel really good about purchasing quality car remote totes. these totes are well made. they are meant to hold your remote securely and last for a long time. if you own a remote, you know how important it is. if you buy one of these covers, you can feel good about it keeping your remote safe from harm. one of the best things about these large totes is the price. you can feel good about buying one of these great totes for an affordable price instead of spending the money buying a replacement remote. the cool colors and nice leather style make these totes great fashion accessories that everyone will enjoy having. teenagers just starting out with their driving experience will appreciate these nice totes. more mature and experienced drivers will enjoy these fashionable totes too. you cannot go wrong buying a tote for yourself or as a gift for someone else. this product is a great value for anyone that has a remote for his or her vehicle. protect your car remote. don't you hate when a keyless remote stops working? car remotes take some of the hassle out of car ownership, and if your remote stops working, it can be expensive to replace. at car and truck remotes.com, we have stylish and inexpensive car remote covers that will protect your car remote from damage. a cheap keyless remote cover adds style to your keyless remote fob while protecting it from damage. they can even be used to personalize your remote so it won't get lost. with our inexpensive car remote covers, you can take your keys anywhere. if you have ever pocket dialed your alarm system, you understand how annoying it can be to carry a keyless remote. let our keyless remote covers take the hassle and expense out of your keyless device. enjoy the convenience of an easy to find cover that allows you to find your keys. the large keyless remote cover fits any device, and adds style and convenience at a reasonable price. the car remote covers are made to fit any size car remote. if you want to choose any stylish color from classic black white and brown to bright red and blue come shop with us. our remote covers are durable and stylish and the price is right. you don't have to keep dealing with lost or broken remotes when you shop with us. our huge selection of remote covers comes in leather and silicone rubber. just choose your car model. whether it is acura, buick, toyota, dodge, or even universal one size fits all type covers. we have the car remote cover you need, so come to our website and check us out. how replacement key fob covers can lengthen the life of your key fob if the cover on your key fob has seen better days, it may be time to for a replacement. making sure that your key fob is in good working order will assure ease of use and help some of the functions of your vehicle work properly. over time your vehicle's key fob and its cover can show wear and tear. because the actual key fob itself has to be purchased from the manufacturer, you cannot just go out and buy one at your local auto parts store. depending on the make and model of your vehicle, and the design of your key fob, you can purchase replacement key fob covers online. functions the key fob cover protects the inside electronic components of the device. a key fob is a type of wireless key that can remotely perform certain functions related to key entry with your vehicle. it communicates with the control panel of your vehicle and serves as a way to initiate certain tasks. one of the main functions of a key fob is to activate the vehicle's car alarm or stop the alarm from sounding. many newer model key fobs have a lcd display that shows various icons and letters that correspond with buttons located on your key fob. on the keypad you may find certain functions such as an arming button, which is used to arm any type of security system you may have inside your vehicle. there may also be a status request button that will let you know if your vehicle is currently armed and secured. there is also a panic alarm that will create a loud siren as an added security feature that your vehicle's manufacturer may included with your vehicle. there may also be an electronic car starter button, as well as open door features, depending on the make and model. the key fob cover should also protect these buttons from moisture exposure and puncture. cover types there are many different replacement key fob covers to choose from that aid to functionality while providing a sense of style. key fob covers can be made from a variety of materials but are generally derived from carbon fiber reinforced polymer or a type of high-grade plastic that is extremely strong and durable yet lightweight. first, choose the right manufacturer that correlates with the vehicle that you are buying the key fob for. choose from a variety of colors such as orange, pink, red, blue or standard black. you can also purchase covers that have a designer print, such as leopard, mossy oak, camouflage or an american flag design. when placing your order don't forget to include the exact model number of your current key fob and list any extra functions that your vehicle may have. this is important so that the new design matches up correctly with the old one. key fob covers are easy to replace. all you have to do is open up your key fob, remove the electronic pack inside and place it into the new cover. the new cover will provide an added sense of protection and lengthen the life of the actual key fob. you may also like 2009 ford expedition keyless entry remotedealer price: $80.00our price: $19.954 button ford mazda lincoln mercury replacement case/shell with rubber padour price: $12.952007 chevrolet cobalt remote w/ engine startdealer price: $130.00our price: $49.952007 honda accord keyless remote keydealer price: $90.00our price: $49.952013 nissan altima keyless remote key combo w/ engine startdealer price: $180.00our price: $69.952007 toyota camry keyless entry remote keydealer price: $250.00our price: $59.952004 ford f-150 keyless entry remotedealer price: $80.00our price: $19.952012 ford edge smart remote key w/engine start - 5 buttondealer price: $185.00our price: $89.952002 buick regal keyless entry remotedealer price: $110.00our price: $29.952009 cadillac escalade keyless entry remotedealer price: $150.00our price: $39.952009 dodge ram truck 1500 keyless entry remote keydealer price: $180.00our price: $69.952005 chrysler town & country keyless key remote (with power doors)dealer price: $180.00our price: $79.952005 gmc canyon keyless entry remotedealer price: $110.00our price: $29.952012 hyundai sonata keyless entry remotedealer price: $110.00our price: $39.952013 infiniti g37 keyless entry remote / keydealer price: $190.00our price: $79.952011 jeep wrangler keyless entry remote keydealer price: $180.00our price: $49.95 remote searchcar remotes by makebuickcadillacchevroletchryslerdodgefordgmchondahummerhyundaiinfinitiisuzujeepkialexuslincolnmazdamercurymitsubishinissanoldsmobilepontiacsaturnsubarutoyota testimonialsbuickallurecenturyenclavelacrosselesabrelucernerainierregalrendezvousterrazaverano remotescadillacctsdevilledtsescaladesrxchevroletastroavalancheblazercamarocaptiva sportcavalierc/kcobaltcoloradocorvettecruze remotesequinoxexpresshhrmalibumonte carloimpalasilveradospark remotessuburbans10tahoetrackertrailblazertraversetrax remotesuplanderventurechryslerchrysler 200chrysler 300concordelhspacificapt cruisersebringtown & countryvoyagerdodgedodge avengerdodge calibercaravanchallengerchargerdakotadart remotesdurangogrand caravanintrepidjourneymagnumneonnitroram truckstratus (sedan & convertible)viperfordbroncocontourcrown victoriac-max remoteseconolineedgeescapeescortexcursionexpeditionexplorerexplorer sport (2dr)explorer sport tracf-150f-250f-350flexfocusfive hundredfusionfreestarfreestylemustangproberangertaurusthunderbirdtransit connecttransit vanwindstargmcacadiacanyonenvoyjimmysafarisavanasierrasonomasuburbanyukonhondaaccordciviccr-vcr-zfitinsightodysseypassportpilotridgelinehummerh2h3hyundaiaccentazeraelantraentouragegenesis sedansanta fesonatatucsonveracruzinfinitiex35g25g35g37i35fx35jx35fx37fx45fx50m37m56qx4q40 remotesq45q50 remotesqx56qx50 remotesqx70 remotesqx80 remotesqx60 remotesq60 remotesq70 remotesisuzuamigoascenderaxiomrodeotrooperjeep cherokee remotescommandercompassgrand cherokeelibertypatriotwrangler remoteskiaamantiborregofortespectra sedansorentosedonaoptimarondolexusgx470lx470rx300rx330rx350rx400hlincolnaviatorcontinentallsmark viiimark ltmksmkt remotesmkxmkznavigatortown carzephyrmazdamazda 2mazda 3mazda 5mazda 6 sedan6 hatchbackb-series truckcx-5 remotescx-7cx-9mx-5 miatatributerx-8mercurycougargrand marquismarinermilanmontegomontereymountaineermystiquesabletracervillagermitsubishieclipsegalantlanceroutlandernissan350z370zaltimaarmadacubefrontierjukeleafmaximamuranonv remotesnv200 remotespathfinderquestsentratitanrogueversaxterraoldsmobilealeroauroraintriguebravadasilhouettepontiacaztekbonnevillefirebirdgrand amgrand prixg5g6montanamontana sv6solsticesunfiretrans sporttorrentvibesaturnaural-seriesoutlookrelays-seriesskyvuesubarubajaforesterimprezalegacyb9 tribecaoutbacktoyota4runneravaloncamrycelicacorollaechofj cruiserhighlanderland cruisermatrixmr2paseopickuppreviapriusrav4sequoiasiennasolarasupratacomaterceltundravenzayaris contact us contact email form shipping info returns / exchanges faq's privacy policy glossary about us why shop with us? customer store reviews product reviews bbb accredidation become an affiliate show cart call us to order secure shopping payment info sitemap copyright © 2014 car and truck remotes. all rights reserved. (866) 690-4308 9am - 6pm mon - fri est customercare@carandtruckremotes.com www.carandtruckremotes.com 340 waters bend way johns creek, ga 30022 about trust online