来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20201231145925/https://www.jdsports.co.uk/customer-service/faqs/
================================================================================

faqs | jd sports my account find a store help track my order wishlist results trending recent searches recently viewed basket is empty close menu christmas shop our tv ad aj tracey aitch anthony joshua declan rice michael dapaah tom davies trent alexander-arnold virgil van dijk wizkid shop our tv ad leomie anderson mabel maya jama mia carragher rita ora sam kerr shop our tv ad ramell men footwear new in trainers flip flops & slides classic trainers modern trainers running footwear training footwear football boots vulc & canvas hi tops trail footwear boots & shoes edits winter warmers gifts premium edit outdoor essentials mckenzie essentials 2 for £30 2 for £25 clothing new in jackets loungewear hoodies track pants & joggers sweatshirts t-shirts & vests tracksuits track tops training & fitness baselayers shorts cargo pants jeans & chinos polo shirts swimwear football kits football training wear socks & underwear retro football shirts accessories new in all bags face coverings caps cross body bags knitted hats & beanies gloves scarves & snoods jewellery socks underwear sports equipment shoe care & insoles sunglasses bucket hats watches scooters brands adidas originals adidas berghaus nike puma the north face timberland under armour vans women footwear new in trainers classic trainers hi tops canvas & plimsolls running & fitness gym trainers boots & shoes flip flops & slides football boots edits premium edit gifts winter warmers gym ready trends tape velvet clothing new in jackets & coats hoodies tops sweatshirts track pants & joggers loungewear leggings tracksuits track tops fitness clothing fitness tops fitness tights fitness shorts sports bras underwear football shirts jeans shorts dresses bodysuits swimwear accessories new in all bags face coverings caps knitted hats & beanies gloves scarves & snoods jewellery socks fitness equipment shoe care & insoles sunglasses watches scooters brands adidas originals adidas calvin klein nike pink soda sport puma the north face vans kids footwear new in size 3-6 - junior size 10-2.5 - children size 0-9.5 - infants flip flops & slides crib footwear football boots accessories all bags caps backpacks gloves scarves & snoods socks sports equipment shoe care & insoles junior sunglasses football flick scooters edits winter warmers gifts 2 for £25 tee's loungewear mckenzie essentials boys clothing new in junior (8-15 years) t-shirts hoodies & sweatshirts trackpants tracksuits jackets shorts training football kits children (2-7 years) tracksuits t-shirts bottoms hoodies jackets football kits infant (0-3 years) tracksuits t-shirts jackets bodysuits football kits girls clothing new in junior (8-15 years) t-shirts hoodies & sweatshirts leggings trackpants jackets tracksuits training football kits children (2-7 years) tracksuits t-shirts bottoms hoodies jackets football kits infant(0-3 years) tracksuits t-shirts jackets bodysuits football kits accessories men's new in all bags face coverings caps cross body bags knitted hats & beanies gloves headphones & head torches scarves & snoods jewellery socks underwear sports equipment shoe care & insoles sunglasses bucket hats watches scooters & skateboards edits winter warmers gifts women's new in all bags face coverings caps knitted hats & beanies gloves headphones & head torches scarves & snoods jewellery socks fitness equipment shoe care & insoles sunglasses watches scooters & skateboards edits winter warmers gifts kids new in all bags caps backpacks gloves scarves & snoods socks sports equipment shoe care & insoles junior sunglasses football flick scooters & skateboards edits winter warmers gifts collections adidas adidas originals ozweego adidas nite jogger adidas ultra boost adidas originals supercourt adidas originals continental 80 adidas originals swift run adidas originals zx adidas originals gazelle adidas originals superstar adidas originals nmd adidas originals stan smith adidas originals california adidas originals falcon adidas originals honey lo adidas originals nizza adidas originals adilette adidas originals jeans adidas originals samba adidas originals la trainer adidas originals zx 2k boost nike nike air force 1 nike air max 2090 nike air max 270 nike air max 270 react nike air vapormax nike vapormax 360 nike air max 90 nike air max 95 nike air max 97 nike air max 720 nike mx-720-818 nike react vision nike react element 55 nike benassi nike blazer nike air huarache nike air max tailwind iv nike academy nike cortez nike tech fleece nike foundation nike hybrid nike renew element 55 nike react art3mis nike swoosh nike vapormax 2020 jordan vans vans old skool vans sk8-hi vans era vans slip on converse converse all star converse all star lift converse all star high tops puma puma cali puma rs‌-x puma future rider fila fila disruptor fila ray reebok zig kinetica reebok classic reebok club c 85 jd now brands ellesse champion fila sik silk vans 11 degrees kappa good for nothing guess gym king status marshall artist nicce hoodrich rewired clothing just dropped hoodies track pants track tops coats & jackets sweatshirts tees shorts jeans swimwear fresh kicks nike adidas adidas originals reebok converse puma fila football premier league arsenal aston villa chelsea crystal palace everton fulham leeds united leicester city liverpool manchester city manchester united newcastle united tottenham hotspur west ham united wolves scottish leagues celtic football league cardiff city derby county swansea city european leagues ac milan as roma atletico madrid afc ajax fc barcelona bayern munich borussia dortmund inter milan juventus lazio lyon marseille nice psg psv rb leipzig real madrid roma shamrock rovers st pauli rest of the world beijing guoan boca juniors club america cr flamengo view all teams retro shirts international teams england northern ireland scotland wales belgium chile colombia croatia finland france germany hungary italy netherlands nigeria norway poland portugal republic of ireland russia slovenia south korea spain sweden turkey usa mls teams la galaxy view all teams football boots adidas nike puma essentials bags equipment footballs football socks goalkeeper gloves shin pads & ankle guards football training club training adidas training nike training sale sports running men's clothing women's clothing footwear accessories men's training clothing footwear baselayer accessories & equipment women's fitness clothing footwear accessories american football jacksonville jaguars view all teams accessories basketball chicago bulls boston celtics golden state warriors la lakers miami heat view all teams accessories basketballs rugby england ireland scotland wales british and irish lions new zealand all kits equipment boxing gloves clothing accessories & equipment other sports cricket cycling baseball swimming motorsport mma netball hockey shop by brand adidas asics new balance nike puma speedo under armour offers men's footwear 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 men's clothing xxs xs s m l xl xxl men's accessories women's footwear 3 4 5 6 7 8 women's clothing 4 & 6 8 10 12 14 16 & 18 women's accessories kids' footwear 0-9 10-2 3-6 kids' clothing 0-3 yrs 2-7 yrs 8-15 yrs kids' accessories brands adidas originals adidas puma fila ellesse under armour pink soda sport mckenzie jd blog our pre-xmas delivery date has passed. head instore! home > help how can we help?find the right answer order and deliveries something is missing from my order? i have received the wrong items i have a problem with my delivery? can i change or cancel my order? see all returns and refunds how do i return / exchange my order int? how do i return / exchange my order uk? how long will it take you to process a refund? how can i get a free brand partner returns label? see all products and stock i want to check stock online can you tell me if you are getting an item back in stock? i want to check stock in stores where can i find your size guide and care instructions? see all payments promo and gift cards how can i purchase a gift card? can i use my gift card online and what if it has expired? how do i use my promotion code? i have a question about gift cards see all technical how do i reset my password for my online account? i am having trouble signing into my account unsubscribe from marketing emails im having trouble adding items to my basket/making payment see all other do you have any job vacancies? how do i contact head office for pr & marketing opportunities? information on our stores unsubscribe from marketing emails see all frequently asked questions how do i check my gift card balance? to check your gift card balance, just click here and scroll to the bottom of the page. did this answer your question? online & instore prices our prices at jd uk are the same online as they are instore. this excludes any exclusive online or instore promotions which may be on offer from time to time. did this answer your question? covid-19 your safety in our stores we are fully committed to ensuring the safety of our customers and colleagues as we begin to open our uk stores. lessons learned from opening our stores in europe will be applied and we will be continually reviewing the measures we have in place to reflect the changing situation. we will implement comprehensive safety and social distancing measures to keep you and our colleagues safe in store. these will include: managing the total number of customers in the store at any given time, ensuring that we keep within the maximum number established for each store.  this will enable you to comfortably follow the social distancing measures we have implemented. a colleague at the entrance of every store to manage access and also answer any questions you may have about the measures we have put in place. clear signs at the entrance and around the store asking you to keep two metres apart. hand sanitiser at the store entrance and outside our customer lifts and escalators providing face coverings for any of our customers should they want one. protective screens at our cash desks. regular cleaning of cash desks, footwear benches and other busy areas. ·       our changing rooms will remain closed for the time being. ·       we are going to separate returned stock from new or old stock for 72 hoursfor more information, please head to https://www.jdsports.co.uk/page/we-are-back/ did this answer your question? what is your returns policy? online orders can be returned for a refund in 14 days or exchanged in store within 28 days of purchase. for online returns, please click here for more information.if you want to return your order to us there are lots of ways to do it. please note store purchases must be returned to our stores. if you've paid by credit or debit card you can pop down to one of our stores nationwide, take your despatch note and the goods you want to return, and the store team will be happy to offer you a refund or exchange. if you've paid using paypal , apple pay, android or klarna your local store will send your order back to our distribution centre on your behalf so the transaction can be reversed. collect from store orders delivered to alternative collection point cannot be returned in that store. personalised items will only be accepted if the personalisation text is incorrect or if the product is faulty. underwear is non-refundable for hygiene reasons. swimwear returns will only be accepted if the hygiene seal is still intact. please note, orders purchased on the uk site cannot be returned or exchanged to any of our stores outside the uk. we will ordinarily refund the full purchase price together with the standard delivery charge paid as long as we receive your order within the cancellation period. if you chose to pay extra for express delivery, we will only refund the cost of standard delivery. please note though that if you want to return only some items but keep the rest of your order, you may not be entitled to a refund of the delivery charge. hoverboards we believe that the smart balance wheel may not meet the uk standards and may cause a serious safety risk. we are therefore urging customers not to use the product and return it with mains plug and charger to their nearest jd store with proof of purchase and a full refund will be given. we take the quality and safety of our products extremely seriously and apologise for any inconvenience this may cause. any customer queries please telephone 0161 393 7055 product recall notice we believe that the pink soda – heart zip through hood may have a print issue. the print wears off after washing therefore please return any faulty washed garments to store for a full refund. please note this notice only applies to certain batches produced and only washed garments where this issue is apparent will be refunded. we take the quality of our products extremely seriously and apologise for any inconvenience this may cause. did this answer your question? do you deliver to my country? please go to our delivery page and select your country from the drop down list on this page.our guaranteed pre-christmas delivery date has now passed. all our stores are open! did this answer your question? can i track my order? sign into your jd account www.jdsports.co.uk/myaccount/dashboard/ and check your order history or simply use the 'track my order' link here to see the latest update of your delivery. alternatively you can check the tracking link we sent in your despatch email to view the latest tracking information,however please note click and collect orders cannot be tracked through this service. did this answer your question? why havent i received an order confirmation email? during busy periods confirmation emails may take a little longer than expected but please be assured we are working on your order! standard delivery is a home delivery which is usually made within 3-5 days of your order being placed. uk standard delivery is £3.99 - or free over £70. we cannot deliver to po boxes and if you require delivery to the channel islands you will need to select international delivery. please note, these charges may vary from time to time with promotional activity. did this answer your question? my order has been split we have split your order so that we can get it out to you faster. to see how your order is progressing simply click here and enter your order number from your confirmation email did this answer your question? how do i return/exchange my order? online orders can be returned for a refund within 14 days or exchanged in store within 28 days of purchase. for online returns, please click here for more information. when you head in store please take your despatch note and the goods you want to return, the team will be happy to assist and get your refund/exchange processed as soon as possible. if you've paid using a credit or debit card, a refund/exchange will be processed at the till. please note a refund can take between 3-5 working days for the money to return to your account. if you've paid using any method other than a credit/debit card, we'll send your order back to our distribution centre, as soon as we’ve received your order we will return the money to your account. if you've ordered through an instore kiosk and would like an exchange or to return an item, you will need to do this instore as we are unable to process exchanges or returns for kiosk orders via our distribution centre. by postvisit our returns portal here online exchanges are temporarily unavailable. did this answer your question? how long will my order take to arrive? standard home deliveries are usually made within 3 - 7 working days of your order being placed. our guaranteed pre-christmas delivery date has now passed. all our stores are open!express 48 hour delivery - need it quick? order now & choose 'express 2 day delivery' to get your order within 2 days. orders placed after 9pm each day will be 2 days from the next day! select express 2 day delivery at checkout. next day deliveries will be made the next day if your order has been placed before 9pm for next day delivery and midnight for next day evening delivery. please note the exact delivery time can vary depending on the service selected at checkout. click and collect orders will be ready for collection from your nominated store within 3 - 7 working days. - this service is temporarily unavailable check out our delivery page here to find out more. if your order has not arrived by the estimated delivery date then please check with your neighbours to see if the courier has left the parcel at their house, also check any safe areas that the driver may have left your parcel, such as the garden shed or porch. before contacting us please check the tracking link we sent in your despatch email to view up-to-date tracking information. if you still can't find your parcel or want an update on your order, then please contact our customer care team. quoting your order number. did this answer your question? can i use my gift card online and what if it has expired? yes! you can use both egift cards and ultimate gift cards online. gift cards are valid for twelve months from date of purchase. the gift card will expire and any remaining balance will reduce to nil if it is not used within a 12 month period. did this answer your question? how do i contact customer care you can contact us by phone, email or social media. just visit our customer contact page here did this answer your question? can i check if stores near me have the item i am looking for? to check if your local store has an item in stock then please contact your local store via the store locator. https://www.jdsports.co.uk/store-locator/ did this answer your question? can i have items sent to someone as a gift? if you want to send something to someone as a gift then you can use their address as the delivery adddress when you place your order. we dont offer a gift wrapping service so the goods will arrive just like a normal order. we do display the prices of the items on the delivery note & we can only discuss the order with the person who placed the order.our guaranteed pre-christmas delivery date has now passed. all our stores are open! did this answer your question? there is a problem with my bike it may be worth reviewing the manufacturer’s website for information on the construction and maintenance of your bike. some even offer video tutorials so you can see how to take care of your bike. whilst some may believe there is a problem, a simple turn of a screw or adjustment of a cable can make all the difference. it’s important to remember that a bike is a vehicle and as such should be maintained at regular intervals. go outdoors stores have trained bike mechanics who can help get your bike up and running again. if you can’t access a go outdoors store, please contact customer care via the online form here so we can review the options available to you. did this answer your question? how long will my international order take to be delivered international standard delivery times vary depending on the destination and service selected at checkout. depending on the location of your delivery, we do aim to deliver your order between 10 and 14 working days. if you want your order to arrive sooner, then we offer an express delivery service. we go global and deliver to 197 countries. click here to find out more about locations we deliver to, pricing and delivery times. our guaranteed pre-christmas delivery date has now passed. all our stores are open! did this answer your question? how do i return my bike? bikes are supplied by go outdoors.  if you’ve changed your mind, you’ll need to return your bike to go outdoors. ensure that your bike is fully packaged up, preferably in the same way it was delivered. the returns details will be on the despatch note that came with your bike. please ensure that you include details of your order number if you are returning your bike.you can return your bike by simply arranging a home collection through hermes for £9.98. just click  here and select go! outdoors on the hermes portal.  if you prefer to return by post the address is go outdoors internet returns xpo logistics erf way middlewich cw10 0qj if there’s a problem with your bike, please contact customer care via the online form here so we can review the options available to you. did this answer your question? how do i buy an e gift card you can purchase an e gift card here did this answer your question? who will deliver the parcel for my international order? deliveries will be shipped via dpd, dhl, skynet or dpex depending on the weight and value. once the parcel has arrived in your country it will be passed on to an internal post service and be subject to their standard delivery procedures. did this answer your question? why are some products delivered by nike, adidas, reebok? we have additional product lines available for delivery direct from our brand partners, so we can do our best to get the size you want. the products are shipped and sold directly by the jd brand partner to you. this is only available for standard delivery and must be returned directly. you can request a brand partner returns label from customer care. please note that orders fulfilled by our brand partners are only available using standard delivery and are not included as part of jdx unlimited delivery membership. did this answer your question? will the recipient have to pay duty on the order? our products are sold on a ddu (delivery duty unpaid) basis. additional taxes, fees or levies may apply according to local legislation. recipients of deliveries made outside the european union may have to pay import duty or formal customs entry. if this is the case, the delivery may be delayed. jd sports cannot offer any assistance in these processes. to help make sure that customs duties are not payable for deliveries outside the eu, check the custom duty threshold of the country you're sending your items to, before you order, and keep your total basket value below that threshold. did this answer your question? what is klarna? in order to be able to offer you klarna’s payment options, we will pass to klarna certain aspects of your personal information, such as contact and order details, in order for klarna to assess whether you qualify for their payment options and to tailor the payment options for you. general information on klarna you can find here. your personal data is handled in accordance with applicable data protection law and in accordance with the information in klarna’s privacy policy.    please also find a link to the jd privacy policy here. if you have any questions regarding klarna, please see our full faq here did this answer your question? what do i do if my item arrives faulty or damaged? if an item arrives damaged or faulty then please contact our customer service team who will arrange and discuss your return options. we will then send the item to our inspection team who will assess whether a manufacturing fault is present. depending on the results we will then offer a refund or exchange. alternatively, you can take your despatch note and the faulty or damaged goods to one of our jd stores. the team will be happy to assist and send your item off to our distribution centre who will do an inspection, then depending on the results offer a refund or exchange. did this answer your question? what is paypal credit? paypal credit is like a credit card, without the plastic. it’s a credit limit that’s attached to your paypal account which you can use for your online purchases. what credit offers are available? if your basket is eligible, a selection of instalment offers will be displayed enabling you to spread the cost of your purchase across a number of monthly payments. [merchant] instalment purchases qualify for [0% or 14.9% p.a.] for the length of the selected instalment plan. with instalment offers from paypal credit you get: regular monthly payments – you pay the same amount each month to help you plan better. a credit limit linked with your paypal account that makes it easier to buy everything you need. how do i apply? applying for paypal credit is easy. just click on the paypal credit button on our checkout page. a selection of instalment offers will be displayed, enabling you to spread the cost of your purchase across a number of payments. the application form takes minutes to complete. paypal will then run a credit check and, if approved, you’ll have a credit limit linked to your paypal account as soon as you accept your credit agreement. you can use the credit limit granted to pay for today's purchase and future purchases at thousands of online stores where paypal is accepted, up to your credit limit. do i need to reapply if i already have paypal credit? if you already have paypal credit, you can take advantage of these offers without having to reapply as long as you have enough available credit limit. just select one of available instalment offers and check out with paypal credit. do i need to have a paypal account? yes, however if you don’t have a paypal account, you can create one as part of the paypal credit application. signing up for a paypal account is free and easy; all you need to do is provide your email address, create a password and accept paypal’s user agreement. i do not see paypal credit as a payment option? for paypal credit to show as a payment option, you will need to ensure that the items in your basket are eligible for paypal credit and that you have a minimum spend of £x within your basket. what do i do if i am unsuccessful in applying for paypal credit? if you have been declined for paypal credit, paypal will send you more information about why your application was unsuccessful. you can still use paypal to complete your purchase. what happens if i want to return the item i bought using my paypal credit? just return your purchase as normal and the money will be refunded to your paypal credit account. what is the cost of paypal credit outside of instalment offers? the representative example below shows the typical costs of using a paypal credit limit, not including instalments or other offers. representative example purchase rate 17.9% p.a. (variable) representative 17.9% apr (variable) assumed credit limit £1,200 did this answer your question? other ways to get help twitter support message join the conversation sign up gift cards £5 - £300 the ultimate gift card is the only gift card you need. available in over 500 stores across the country, it's the perfect gift. buy gift cards our stores find your local store, view opening hours and find out where you can get free delivery to collect your order from! just enter your postcode below to find your nearest store. download our apps shop 24/7 using the app. access exclusive offers & shop the very latest products on the move. shopping with jd unlimited delivery students size guides find a store customer care delivery & returns help & contact us track my order corporate careers jd sports fashion plc legal terms & conditions privacy & cookies accessibility site map modern slavery report we accept the following payment methods visit our corporate website at www.jdplc.com copyright © 2020 jd sports all rights reserved. back to top