来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20221227201614/https://www.jdsports.co.uk/customer-service/faqs/
================================================================================

faqs | jd sports uk my account find a store help track my order wishlist deliver to... results trending recent searches recently viewed basket is empty close menu christmas gifts for him clothing footwear accessories shop our tv ad anthony joshua arrdee bugzy malone central cee chunkz cole wealleans ethan matthews fumez the engineer harvey elliott james maddison kano knucks kojey radical ksi pk humble slowthai thiago silva tobi brown trent alexander - arnold virgil van dijk gifts for her clothing footwear accessories shop our tv ad amaria bb amelia dimoldenberg chloe kelly ella toone jasmine jobson joanna chimonides laurie elle ms banks ojerime r.a.e snoochie shy gifts for kids' clothing footwear accessories shop our tv ad gifting gifts under £20 gifts under £50 gifts under £75 gifts under £100 gift cards stocking fillers ultimate christmas gifts featured download the app men footwear shop new in footwear trainers classic trainers canvas & plimsolls hi-tops modern trainers running shoes football boots training footwear trail footwear flip flops & slides boots & shoes edit 2 for £25 2 for £35 2 for £55 puma fleece winter edit premium edit outdoor style mckenzie essentials gym ready clothing shop new in clothing t-shirts jackets sweatshirts tracksuits hoodies track pants & joggers training & fitness shorts swimwear loungewear track tops cargo pants jeans & chinos shirts football training wear baselayers football kits socks & underwear retro football shirts polo shirts accessories shop all accessories all bags backpacks caps cross body bags socks underwear knitted hats & beanies gloves scarves & snoods jewellery sports equipment shoe care & insoles sunglasses bucket hats scooters & skateboards brands shop all brands nike adidas originals adidas berghaus billionaire boys club crocs ea7 fred perry gym king hoodrich jordan lacoste levi's mckenzie mercier new balance on running puma technicals the north face under armour vans featured shop our tv ad women footwear new in trainers classic trainers canvas & plimsolls running gym trainers hi tops platform trainers sandals & slides boots & shoes football boots trends neutrals varsity style monochrome sherpa cargo pants edit jd exclusive winter edit premium edit outdoor edit gym ready loungewear footwear under £50 christmas gifts clothing new in plus size maternity jackets & coats tracksuits hoodies sweatshirts track pants & joggers tops leggings track tops jeans dresses shorts skirts bodysuits swimwear gym clothing gym tops gym shorts gym tights sports bras football accessories shop all all bags backpacks caps waist bags socks bucket hats fitness equipment sunglasses shoe care & insoles knitted hats & beanies gloves scarves & snoods headphones & head torches scooters & skateboards jewellery underwear brands shop all nike adidas originals adidas calvin klein champion converse crocs ea7 new era fila gym king hoodrich jordan juicy couture levi's new balance nicce on running p.e nation pink soda sport puma the north face tommy hilfiger under armour vans featured shop our tv ad kids footwear new in size 3-6 - junior size 10-2.5 - children size 0-9.5 - infants flip flops & slides crib footwear & baby sets football boots accessories new in all bags caps backpacks gloves scarves & snoods socks sports equipment shoe care & insoles football flick scooters & skateboards underwear boys clothing new in junior (8-15 years) jackets training tracksuits hoodies & sweatshirts trackpants t-shirts shorts swimwear football kits children (2-7 years) jackets tracksuits hoodies bottoms tee & shorts sets t-shirts football kits infant (0-3 years) jackets tracksuits bodysuits & bootie sets t-shirts football kits girls clothing new in junior (8-15 years) jackets training leggings hoodies & sweatshirts trackpants tracksuits t-shirts shorts swimwear football kits children (2-7 years) jackets tracksuits hoodies bottoms tee & shorts sets t-shirts football kits infant(0-3 years) jackets tracksuits bodysuits & bootie sets tee & shorts sets t-shirts football kits brands nike adidas adidas originals berghaus boss converse clarks crocs ea7 jordan kickers lacoste mckenzie the north face tommy hilfiger puma supply & demand under armour vans edit 2 for £25 tee's winter edit loungewear mckenzie essentials premium edit outdoor style activewear best sellers featured shop our tv ad accessories men's new in all bags caps knitted hats & beanies scarves & snoods gloves cross body bags socks underwear bucket hats sports equipment sunglasses shoe care & insoles headphones & head torches scooters & skateboards football calendars & annuals jewellery wallets edits gifts premium edit stocking fillers winter edit women's new in all bags caps knitted hats & beanies scarves & snoods gloves waist bags socks bucket hats fitness equipment sunglasses shoe care & insoles headphones & head torches scooters & skateboards football calendars & annuals jewellery underwear edits gifts premium edit stocking fillers winter edit kids new in all bags caps knitted hats & beanies scarves & snoods gloves sports equipment football flick scooters & skateboards football calendars & annuals socks shoe care & insoles edits gifts premium edit stocking fillers winter edit brands adidas originals adidas nike the north face ea7 new era tommy hilfiger boss lacoste under armour featured shop our tv ad collections adidas adidas originals ozweego adidas ultra boost adidas originals continental 80 adidas originals forum adidas originals swift run adidas originals zx adidas originals gazelle adidas originals superstar adidas originals nmd adidas originals stan smith adidas originals falcon adidas originals honey lo adidas originals nizza adidas originals adilette adidas originals la trainer adidas originals zx 2k boost adidas originals ozelia adidas match adidas tech nike nike air force 1 nike air huarache nike air max dawn nike air max 2021 nike air max 90 terrascape nike air max 270 nike air vapormax nike air vapormax 2021 nike air max 90 nike air max 95 nike air max 97 nike react vision nike react live nike blazer nike academy nike tech fleece nike foundation nike air vapormax evo jordan new balance new balance 327 new balance 574 new balance 878 ea7 ea7 b&w laces ea7 b&w 2.0 ea7 seaworld vans vans old skool vans sk8-hi vans slip on converse converse all star converse all star lift converse all star high tops puma puma cali puma rs puma suede fila fila disruptor fila ray reebok zig kinetica reebok classic reebok club c 85 crocs jibbitz classic clog lined clog featured shop crocs world cup football premier league arsenal aston villa chelsea crystal palace everton fulham leeds united leicester city liverpool manchester city manchester united newcastle united southampton tottenham hotspur west ham united wolves scottish leagues celtic rangers football league burnley cardiff city swansea city retro shirts european leagues ac milan afc ajax athletic bilbao fc barcelona bayern munich borussia dortmund fenerbache galatasaray inter milan juventus lyon marseille nice psg psv rb leipzig real madrid roma st pauli union berlin rest of the world view all teams international teams england northern ireland scotland wales argentina australia austria belgium brazil croatia france germany ghana japan netherlands new zealand nigeria mexico poland portugal qatar senegal spain south korea sweden usa football boots adidas nike puma men's football boots women’s football boots kids football boots football training club training adidas training nike training women’s training equipment footballs goalkeeper gloves shin pads training aids accessories bags football calendars & annuals offers featured shop our tv ad sports running men's clothing women's clothing men's footwear road trail view all women's footwear road view all men's training clothing footwear baselayer women's gym & fitness clothing footwear equipment technology recovery bags & gymsacks boxing clothing footwear boxing gloves accessories & equipment mma clothing accessories & equipment rugby england scotland wales view all teams accessories american football dallas cowboys kansas city chiefs las vegas raiders seattle seahawks jacksonville jaguars view all teams accessories basketball chicago bulls boston celtics golden state warriors la lakers miami heat view all teams clothing footwear accessories basketballs baseball new york yankees la dodgers view all clothing accessories brand adidas asics new balance nike on running puma speedo under armour therabody venum other sports cricket hockey netball skateboarding & scooters swimming featured shop our tv ad offers men's clothing shop all jackets hoodies track pants tracksuits t shirts & shorts shorts performance clothing men's accessories shop all men's footwear by size shop all size 6 size 7 size 8 size 9 size 10 size 11 size 12 size 13 men's clothing by size size xxs size xs size s size m size l size xl size xxl women's clothing shop all tops leggings hoodies track pants shorts performance clothing tracksuits jackets women's accessories shop all women’s footwear by size shop all size 3 size 4 size 5 size 6 size 7 size 8 size 9 women’s clothing by size plus size size 4 & 6 size 8 size 10 size 12 size 14 size 16 & 18 kid's clothing by age shop all infant's clothing (0-3 years) children's clothing (3-7 years) junior clothing (8-15 years) kid’s footwear size 0-9 footwear size 10 - 2 footwear size 3-6 footwear kid's accessories shop all brands adidas adidas originals nike puma the north face mckenzie fila under armour ea7 lacoste jd blog deliver to united kingdom australia deutschland sverige españa danmark ireland france nederland italia belgië malaysia suomi singapore 대한민국 usa ประเทศไทย österreich portugal poland new zealand canada indonesia romania greece israel rest of the world free standard delivery on orders over £70 shop online 24/7with contactless delivery shop now, pay later with klarna, clearpay & more! home > help how can we help?find the right answer order and deliveries where is my order? how do i get an update about my deliveroo order? can my deliveroo order be left in a safe place? when will i receive my deliveroo order? see all returns and refunds how do i return / exchange my order uk? i bought my nike item on or before 14th september 2022, where do i return it to? i bought my nike item on or after 15th september 2022, where do i return it to? how do i return my yeezy item? see all products and stock i want to check stock online can you tell me if you are getting an item back in stock? i want to check stock in stores i need more info on a product see all payments promo and gift cards how do i check my gift card balance? how can i purchase a gift card? how do i use my promotion / discount code? i have a question about gift cards see all technical how do i reset my password for my online account? i am having trouble signing into my account unsubscribe from marketing emails i am having trouble adding items to my basket/making payment see all other do you have any job vacancies? how do i contact head office for pr & marketing opportunities? give jd team feedback online unsubscribe from marketing emails see all frequently asked questions missing parcel declaration if you are disputing the delivery of an order and have been asked to complete a missing parcel declaration form, here’s some guidance on completing the form. in the email you receive from customer care, there will be a link to take you to a pdf viewer. you can download the form by clicking on the download icon in the top-right corner. if you have access to a printer, please print the document and ensure that all fields are completed accurately. any incomplete fields will delay the investigation. once complete, the quickest way to return the document is to take a picture of the completed document, attach it to an email and send it to our customer care team. if you don’t have access to a printer, there are various free apps and programs available to help you add text to the pdf document, simply search for “pdf editor” and there are many options for your device. some devices with touchscreens even allow you to add handwritten notes. again, please ensure all fields are completed before you save the edited document. next, please attach it to an email and send it back to our customer care team. if you don’t have access to view the document electronically, please call us and we’ll arrange to post a missing parcel declaration form to you. although you may have placed one order, we sometimes split the items across multiple deliveries so we can get them out to you as and when they’re ready. we would require a completed declaration for each delivery you’re disputing, not each order. it’s important that you understand which items were included with each delivery you are disputing. your declaration is key to starting and completing our investigation. did this answer your question? where is my order? sign into your jd account www.jdsports.co.uk/myaccount/dashboard/ and check your order history or simply use the 'track my order' link here to see the latest update of your delivery. alternatively you can check the tracking link we sent in your despatch email to view the latest tracking information ,however please note click and collect orders cannot be tracked through this service. for click and collect orders the store will notify you when your order is ready to be collected. only received part of your order? we sometimes fulfil items from multiple locations so your order may be split across more than one delivery. check the items on the despatch note in your parcel against what you've received. if they match, the rest of your order is in a different parcel. if they don't match, give us a call and we'll find out what's happened.still need help? call us on 0161 393 7055! be sure to have your order number ready so we can help you as quickly as possible. did this answer your question? how do i return my raffle item? you can send your raffle item back through our dedicated returns portal.for raffle & yeezy returns only click here did this answer your question? what is your returns policy? if you want to return your online order to us there are lots of ways to do it. please note store purchases must be returned to our stores. pop down to one of our stores nationwide, take your despatch note and the goods you want to return within 14 days, and the store team will be happy to offer you a refund. they'll mark the item as returned via the till and that will trigger a refund back to the original method of payment. you'll also be given a receipt confirming the return of your goods. collect from store orders delivered to alternative collection point cannot be returned in that store.you can visit our returns portal and choose from an array of carriers we've partnered with to get your unwanted goods back to us.. remember to put your despatch note in the parcel. personalised items will only be accepted if the personalisation text is incorrect or if the product is faulty. underwear is non-refundable for hygiene reasons. swimwear returns will only be accepted if the hygiene seal is still intact. please note, orders purchased on the uk site cannot be returned to any of our stores outside the uk. we're not able to offer excahnges for online orders either we will ordinarily refund the full purchase price together with the standard delivery charge paid as long as we receive your order within the cancellation period. if you chose to pay extra for express delivery, we will only refund the cost of standard delivery. please note though that if you want to return only some items but keep the rest of your order, you may not be entitled to a refund of the delivery charge. hoverboards we believe that the smart balance wheel may not meet the uk standards and may cause a serious safety risk. we are therefore urging customers not to use the product and return it with mains plug and charger to their nearest jd store with proof of purchase and a full refund will be given. we take the quality and safety of our products extremely seriously and apologise for any inconvenience this may cause. any customer queries please telephone 0161 393 7055 product recall notice we believe that the pink soda – heart zip through hood may have a print issue. the print wears off after washing therefore please return any faulty washed garments to store for a full refund. please note this notice only applies to certain batches produced and only washed garments where this issue is apparent will be refunded. we take the quality of our products extremely seriously and apologise for any inconvenience this may cause. did this answer your question? how do i return / exchange my order uk? if you change your mind, you can return your order to us by either taking it to a jd store free of charge or by posting it back to us. please remember to include and complete the returns section of the despatch note that was in your order. if you ordered an item from nike on or after 15th september 2022, you should return that product back to jd. if you ordered an item from nike on or before 14th september 2022, you should return that back to nike. please see the faq “i bought my nike item on or before 14th september 2022, where do i return it to?”. orders that came directly from adidas, reebok or under armour need to be returned back to them using the free returns label that was provided. if you need a brand partner returns label, contact our customer care team here all orders can be returned for a refund within 14 days of delivery to you. if you want to return your order to us, there are lots of ways to do it. click here and select returns to find out more online exchanges are unavailable free returns to store all orders can be returned in store, just to take the goods you want to return, along with your despatch email or the despatch note that came in the parcel, to one of our stores and the team will be happy to assist. if you want to exchange your item in store, head down to your nearest jd store. please note, exchanges are subject to store stock availability. your return will be processed at the till point and this will trigger a refund back to the original payment method you used to purchase your order online. we can refund all online payment methods. by post click here to arrange your return via our returns portal. you’ll need your order number and email address to get started. did this answer your question? how do i return my yeezy item? raffle items can not be returned using our returns portal. for raffle & yeezy returns only click here did this answer your question? why has my order been cancelled? sorry your order was cancelled.if the item (s) you've ordered is out of stock at the time of packing your order, we need to cancel it. please allow up to 5 working days for your refund,depending on your payment methodour customer service team wont know if a product is coming back in or not so why not take a look at our 'new in' section to see if something catches your eye. did this answer your question? how do i check my gift card balance? to check your gift card balance, just click here and scroll to the bottom of the page. did this answer your question? online & instore prices our prices at jd uk are the same online as they are instore. this excludes any exclusive online or instore promotions which may be on offer from time to time. did this answer your question? covid-19 your safety in our stores we are fully committed to ensuring the safety of our customers and colleagues as in our uk stores. lessons learned from opening our stores in europe will be applied and we will be continually reviewing the measures we have in place to reflect the changing situation. we will implement comprehensive safety and social distancing measures to keep you and our colleagues safe in store. these will include: managing the total number of customers in the store at any given time, ensuring that we keep within the maximum number established for each store.  this will enable you to comfortably follow the social distancing measures we have implemented. a colleague at the entrance of every store to manage access and also answer any questions you may have about the measures we have put in place. clear signs at the entrance and around the store asking you to keep two metres apart. hand sanitiser at the store entrance and outside our customer lifts and escalators providing face coverings for any of our customers should they want one. protective screens at our cash desks. regular cleaning of cash desks, footwear benches and other busy areas. did this answer your question? what are my delivery options? to see your options click here to view our delivery page. did this answer your question? do you deliver to my country? please go to our delivery page and select your country from the drop down list on this page did this answer your question? something is missing from my order at certain times we are unable to send all of the items that you have ordered. if this is the case, we will send you an email letting you know of any items that are missing from your order. please note that we will provide a full refund for any items that have not been sent. please note that if purchasing more than 1 item then your order may be split into separate deliveries. if you have not received communication that an item was not available and not received your full refund after 5 working days, then please contact our customer care team. did this answer your question? do i have to pay customs/import charges? if delivery is to an address in the eu then taxes and duties will be settled on your behalf with our courier. you will be the importer into the eu and by ordering through this site you give authority to our couriers to deliver and clear goods to you on that basis.  there will be no additional cost for you as we will settle the charges on your behalf. if delivery is to an address outside the eu, you may be charged taxes or duties on import into the destination country. you are responsible for paying any taxes, duties or additional costs which may be levied at the time of importation. we recommend you contact your local customs authority or post office to understand the potential costs prior to placing an order. you will be the importer into the destination country and by ordering through this site you give authority to our couriers to deliver and clear goods to you on that basis. did this answer your question? why havent i received an order confirmation email? during busy periods confirmation emails may take a little longer than expected but please be assured we are working on your order! please check your junk email folder. standard delivery is a home delivery which is usually made within 5-7 days of your order being placed. uk standard delivery is £3.99 - or free over £70. we cannot deliver to po boxes and if you require delivery to the channel islands you will need to select international delivery. please note, these charges and days to deliver may vary from time to time with promotional activity. did this answer your question? my order has been split we have split your order so that we can get it out to you faster. to see how your order is progressing simply click here and enter your order number from your confirmation email did this answer your question? how long will my order take to arrive? check out our delivery page here to find out more! if your order has not arrived by the estimated delivery date then please check with your neighbours to see if the courier has left the parcel at their house, also check any safe areas that the driver may have left your parcel, such as the garden shed or porch. before contacting us please check the tracking link we sent in your despatch email to view up-to-date tracking information. if you still can't find your parcel or want an update on your order, then please contact our customer care team quoting your order number. did this answer your question? how do i return an order i placed in store? if you've ordered through an instore kiosk and would like an exchange or to return an item, you will need to do this instore as we are unable to process exchanges or returns for kiosk orders via our distribution centre. find your nearest store here did this answer your question? can i use my gift card online and what if it has expired? yes! you can use both egift cards and ultimate gift cards online. gift cards are valid for twelve months from date of purchase. the gift card will expire and any remaining balance will reduce to nil if it is not used within a 12 month period. did this answer your question? how do i contact customer care you can contact us by phone on 0161 393 7055! be sure to have your order number ready so we can help you as quickly as possible. or visit our customer contact page here or check out our faq's for a quick answer! did this answer your question? can i check if stores near me have the item i am looking for? to check if your local store has an item in stock then please contact your local store via the store locator. https://www.jdsports.co.uk/store-locator/ did this answer your question? can i have items sent to someone as a gift? if you want to send something to someone as a gift then you can use their address as the delivery address when you place your order. we dont offer a gift wrapping service so the goods will arrive just like a normal order. we do display the prices of the items on the delivery note & we can only discuss the order with the person who placed the order. did this answer your question? how long will my international order take to be delivered international standard delivery times vary depending on the destination and service selected at checkout. depending on the location of your delivery, we do aim to deliver your order between 10 and 14 working days. we go global and deliver to +180 countries. click here to find out more about locations we deliver to, pricing and delivery times. did this answer your question? how do i buy an e gift card you can purchase an e gift cards here did this answer your question? what is jdx unlimited membership and how does it work? jdx unlimited membership can be purchased for £9.99 via the jd sports website and mobile app. purchasing a jdx unlimited membership gives you access to various exclusive member perks for 12 months, including unlimited free delivery on app orders, free returns with inpost lockers, early access to product launches, sales and events and much more… if you purchase jdx unlimited membership via the website, you will receive free delivery on your order which contains jdx unlimited membership, however, future purchases will need to be made via the jd sports mobile app to claim free delivery. simply download the jd  app and login using the same account details to activate your membership and start claiming free delivery & returns, in addition to the other jdx unlimited exclusive benefits. did this answer your question? who will deliver the parcel for my international order? deliveries will be shipped via dpd, dhl, skynet or pro-carrier depending on the weight and value. once the parcel has arrived in your country it will be passed on to an internal post service and be subject to their standard delivery procedures. did this answer your question? why are some products delivered by nike, adidas, reebok or under armour? we have additional product lines available for delivery direct from our brand partners, so we can do our best to get the size you want. the products are shipped and sold directly by the jd brand partner to you. this is only available for standard delivery and, dpending on which brand partner shipped your product(s), may have some bespoke returns rules.for products shipped by adidas, reebok or under armour, unwanted returns must go directly bvack to the brand partner. please don't attempt to return them to a store or our warehouse as this will delay the returns and refund process. please use the returns label that came with your brand partner order. if you need a replacement returns label, please contact customer care by clicking herefor products shipped by nike, you can follow the same returns process as jd fulfilled items. visit our returns portal here, enter your order number and email address and follow the instructions.for more information on returns, click here and select returns did this answer your question? will the recipient have to pay duty on the order? our products are sold on a ddu (delivery duty unpaid) basis. additional taxes, fees or levies may apply according to local legislation. recipients of deliveries made outside the european union may have to pay import duty or formal customs entry. if this is the case, the delivery may be delayed. jd sports cannot offer any assistance in these processes. to help make sure that customs duties are not payable for deliveries outside the eu, check the custom duty threshold of the country you're sending your items to, before you order, and keep your total basket value below that threshold. did this answer your question? what is klarna? please see our full faq's here did this answer your question? what do i do if my item arrives faulty or damaged? if you receive your goods and they appear either broken or faulty, you have the right to return them because they won't be as described.please ensure you return the goods within our returns period and remember to include your despatch note as well as the reason for returning them.once received and processed, this will trigger a refund back to your original payment method. sadly we can't offer exchanges but we can help with returning your goods.you can return them for free to any one of our jd stores across the uk or you can visit our returns portal for other options which may be more convenient.should you need any help with the returns portal, you can always get in contact with us here did this answer your question? other ways to get help twitter support message join the conversation sign up gift cards £5 - £300 the ultimate gift card is the only gift card you need. available in over 500 stores across the country, it's the perfect gift. buy gift cards our stores find your local store, view opening hours and find out where you can get free delivery to collect your order from! just enter your postcode below to find your nearest store. download our apps shop 24/7 using the app. access exclusive offers & shop the very latest products on the move. shopping with jd unlimited delivery students size guides find a store customer care delivery & returns help & contact us track my order corporate careers jd sports fashion plc legal terms & conditions privacy & cookies accessibility cookie settings site map modern slavery report we accept the following payment methods visit our corporate website at www.jdplc.com copyright © 2022 jd sports all rights reserved. back to top cookies by clicking “accept all cookies”, you agree to the storing of cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyse site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts. preferences can be adjusted in cookie settings. view our cookie policy your cookie settings accept all cookies your cookie settings × privacy preference centre when you visit any website, it may store or retrieve information on your browser, mostly in the form of cookies. this information might be about you, your preferences or your device and is mostly used to make the site work as you expect it to. the information does not usually directly identify you, but it can give you a more personalized web experience. we use strictly necessary cookies to make our website work. we would like to set optional cookies to give you a better user experience and to assist us in understanding how visitors use our site. because we respect your right to privacy, optional cookies are not set unless you enable them. click on the different category headings to find out more and change our default settings. blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience of the site and the services we are able to offer. you can always change your preference by visiting 'cookie settings' at the bottom of the page. accept all cookies manage consent preferences + strictly necessary always active these cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. they are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms. you can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then work. these cookies do not store any personally identifiable information. cookies details + functional cookies these cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalisation. they may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages. if you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly. cookies details + performance cookies these cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. they help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. all information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. if you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our site, and will not be able to monitor its performance. cookies details + tracking cookies these cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. they may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant adverts on other sites. they do not store directly personal information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device. if you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising. cookies details reject all confirm my choice cookie information ×