来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20231228122107/https://www.jdsports.co.uk/page/faqs/
================================================================================

faqs | jd sports uk my account find a store help track my order wishlist deliver to... results trending recent searches recently viewed basket is empty close menu men footwear shop new in footwear trainers classic trainers canvas & plimsolls hi-tops modern trainers running shoes football boots training footwear trail footwear flip flops & slides boots & shoes edit 2 for £15 mckenzie 2 for £25 2 for £35 2 for £55 puma fleece spring edit premium edit outdoor style mckenzie essentials gym ready clothing shop new in clothing t-shirts jackets sweatshirts tracksuits hoodies track pants & joggers training & fitness shorts swimwear loungewear track tops cargo pants jeans & chinos shirts football training wear baselayers football kits socks & underwear retro football shirts polo shirts accessories shop all accessories all bags caps socks underwear knitted hats & beanies gloves scarves & snoods jewellery & jibbitz sports equipment shoe care & insoles sunglasses bucket hats scooters & skateboards brands shop all brands nike adidas originals adidas berghaus billionaire boys club crocs ea7 fred perry gym king hoodrich jordan lacoste boss mckenzie mercier new balance on running puma technicals the north face under armour vans featured shop new in women footwear new in trainers classic trainers canvas & plimsolls running gym trainers hi tops platform trainers sandals & slides boots & shoes football boots trends american sports style neutrals varsity style monochrome cargo pants edits jd exclusives spring edit premium edit outdoor edit gym ready loungewear footwear under £50 clothing new in plus size maternity tops shorts dresses hoodies sweatshirts track pants & joggers cargo pants leggings jeans skirts swimwear tracksuits jackets & coats track tops bodysuits underwear gym clothing gym tops gym shorts gym tights sports bras football accessories shop all all bags caps socks bucket hats fitness equipment sunglasses shoe care & insoles knitted hats & beanies gloves scarves & snoods headphones & head torches scooters & skateboards jewellery & jibbitz brands shop all nike adidas originals adidas calvin klein champion converse crocs ea7 ellesse fila gym king hoodrich jordan juicy couture kickers levi's new balance nicce on running pe nation pink soda sport puma the north face tommy hilfiger under armour vans featured shop new in kids footwear new in size 3-6 - junior size 10-2.5 - children size 0-9.5 - infants flip flops & slides crib footwear & baby sets football boots accessories new in all bags caps backpacks gloves scarves & snoods socks sports equipment shoe care & insoles football flick scooters & skateboards underwear boys clothing new in junior (8-15 years) jackets training tracksuits hoodies & sweatshirts trackpants t-shirts shorts swimwear football kits children (2-7 years) jackets tracksuits hoodies bottoms tee & shorts sets t-shirts football kits infant (0-3 years) jackets tracksuits bodysuits & bootie sets t-shirts football kits girls clothing new in junior (8-15 years) jackets training leggings hoodies & sweatshirts trackpants tracksuits t-shirts shorts swimwear football kits children (2-7 years) jackets tracksuits hoodies bottoms tee & shorts sets t-shirts football kits infant(0-3 years) jackets tracksuits bodysuits & bootie sets tee & shorts sets t-shirts football kits brands nike adidas adidas originals berghaus boss converse clarks crocs ea7 jordan kickers lacoste mckenzie the north face tommy hilfiger puma supply & demand under armour vans edit 2 for £25 tee's spring edit loungewear mckenzie essentials premium edit outdoor style activewear best sellers featured shop new in accessories men's new in all bags caps knitted hats & beanies scarves & snoods gloves socks underwear bucket hats sports equipment sunglasses shoe care & insoles headphones & head torches scooters & skateboards football calendars & annuals jewellery & jibbitz wallets water bottle edits premium edit winter edit women's new in all bags caps knitted hats & beanies scarves & snoods gloves socks bucket hats fitness equipment sunglasses shoe care & insoles headphones & head torches scooters & skateboards football calendars & annuals jewellery & jibbitz underwear water bottle edits premium edit winter edit kids new in all bags caps knitted hats & beanies scarves & snoods gloves sports equipment football flick scooters & skateboards football calendars & annuals socks shoe care & insoles water bottle edits premium edit winter edit brands adidas originals adidas nike the north face ea7 new era tommy hilfiger boss lacoste under armour featured shop now collections nike air nike air force 1 nike air max nike air max 90 nike air max 95 nike air max 97 nike air max 270 nike air vapormax nike air huarache jordan jordan 1 nike nike tech fleece nike dunk nike react vision nike blazer nike pegasus nike mercurial nike metcon nike uptempo nike revolution nike downshifter adidas adidas ultra boost adidas originals samba adidas originals gazelle adidas originals handball adidas originals superstar adidas originals stan smith adidas originals forum adidas originals ozweego adidas originals nmd adidas originals la trainer adidas originals zx 750 adidas originals campus new balance new balance 327 new balance 550 new balance 530 new balance 9060 new balance 2002r converse converse platform converse all star converse chuck taylor converse run star hike converse chuck 70 vans vans old skool vans sk8-hi vans knu skool puma puma ultra puma suede puma rs fila fila disruptor reebok reebok classic on running on running cloud 5 on running cloudmonster on running cloudswift crocs crocs echo crocs classic clog jibbitz football premier league teams arsenal aston villa chelsea crystal palace everton fulham liverpool manchester city manchester united newcastle united sheffield united tottenham hotspur west ham united wolves championship teams leeds united norwich city sunderland swansea city scottish teams celtic rangers european teams ac milan afc ajax as roma atletico madrid barcelona bayern munich borussia dortmund inter milan juventus psg real madrid view all teams international teams england wales scotland northern ireland republic of ireland belgium france germany italy jamaica spain view all teams football boots adidas football boots adidas predator adidas copa adidas x nike football boots nike mercurial nike phantom puma football boots puma future puma king puma ultra football equiment footballs shin pads goalkeeper gloves bags training aids ball pumps football training wear rest of the world retro shirts sports running men's footwear men's clothing tops shorts jackets women's footwear women's clothing tops leggings shorts accessories gym men's footwear men's clothing tops shorts track pants women's footwear women's clothing tops sports bras leggings accessories rugby england scotland wales italy new zealand all blacks view all teams cardiff blues leinster view all teams accessories basketball boston celtics chicago bulls golden state warriors la lakers memphis grizzlies miami heat milwaukee bucks pheonix suns view all teams footwear accessories basketballs american football baltimore ravens buffalo bills chicago bears dallas cowboys green bay packers kansas city chiefs las vegas raiders los angeles rams miami dolphins new york giants san francisco 49ers view all teams accessories baseball boston red sox la dodgers new york yankees chicago white sox view all teams other sports boxing cricket hockey mma swimming tennis offers men's sale clothing hoodies tracksuits jackets & coats t-shirts polo shirts cargo pants shorts track pants & joggers gym clothes accessories caps men's footwear sale trainers football boots flip flops & slides running shoes size 6 size 7 size 8 size 9 size 10 size 11 size 12 size 13 women's sale clothing tops leggings hoodies joggers shorts gym clothes jackets & coats swimwear dresses sweatshirts & knits accessories women's footwear sale trainers running shoes sliders boots & shoes size 3 size 4 size 5 size 6 size 7 size 8 size 9 kids' sale clothing junior clothing (8-15 years) children's clothing (3-7 years) infants' clothing (0-3 years) footwear trainers football boots flip flops & slides size 0-9 size 10-2 size 3-6 accessories brands sale nike adidas new balance the north face under armour jordan crocs converse fila lacoste ea7 hoodrich jd blog deliver to united kingdom australia deutschland sverige españa danmark ireland france nederland italia belgië malaysia suomi singapore usa ประเทศไทย österreich portugal poland new zealand canada indonesia romania greece israel rest of the world cyprus hungary lithuania slovakia free standard delivery! on orders over £70 free same day click & collect apply at checkout calling all students! get 10% off shop now home > help how can we help?find the right answer order and deliveries where is my order? can i have next day delivery? how much is delivery? something is missing from my order see all returns and refunds how do i return / exchange my order uk? how long will it take you to process a refund? how do i return my order internationally? returning a personalised order see all products and stock can you tell me if you are getting an item back in stock? i want to check stock in stores where can i find your size guide and care instructions? i need more info on a product see all payments promo and gift cards how can i purchase a gift card? how do i use my promotion / discount code? i have a question about gift cards can i use more than one promo code on my order? see all technical how do i reset my password for my online account? unsubscribe from marketing emails i am having trouble adding items to my basket/making payment i am having trouble signing into my account see all other do you have any job vacancies? how do i contact head office for pr & marketing opportunities? give jd team feedback store unsubscribe from marketing emails see all frequently asked questions missing parcel dispute before contacting us, please check the despatch email we sent which confirms what should have been in the parcel.sometimes we split your order in to more than one delivery so it might be the item(s) you're missing will be delivered separately.also, check the despatch note that came with your parcel. that will list all the items in your parcel. if the item(s) you're missing are not on that note, it's likely they'll be delivered separately.if you have tracked your parcel and it shows as delivered but you wish to dispute it, we strongly recommend that you call our customer care team so that we can discuss the  delivery together all in one contact. please be advised that we may need to use the recording of the call in order to conduct the investigation with our carrier and/or the police.before contacting us we suggest you check with your neighbours and any safe places around the delivery address. usually the tracking will have a picture of the delivery location and that will be our first port of call. did this answer your question? where is my order? sign into your jd account www.jdsports.co.uk/myaccount/dashboard/ and check your order history or simply use the 'track my order' link here to see the latest update of your delivery. alternatively you can check the tracking link we sent in your despatch email to view the latest tracking information ,however please note click and collect orders cannot be tracked through this service. for click and collect orders the store will notify you when your order is ready to be collected. please allow the required time for the delivery method you have chosen before you contact us. only received part of your order? we sometimes fulfil items from multiple locations so your order may be split across more than one delivery. check the items on the despatch note in your parcel against what you've received. if they match, the rest of your order is in a different parcel. if they don't match, give us a call and we'll find out what's happened.still need help? call us on 0161 393 7055! be sure to have your order number ready so we can help you as quickly as possible. did this answer your question? what is same-day delivery? when ordering before 1pm, you can now have your parcel delivered between 6pm - 10pm on the same day (location restrictions apply). your parcel will be delivered using a zero emissions vehicle. we also offer same day click & collect in store . did this answer your question? can i have express delivery? order by midnight to receive your parcel within 2 days of the following day, e.g. order at 22:30pm on wednesday, receive it before friday evening. the following postcodes are excluded from this delivery promise: scottish highlands - ab36-38, ab55-56, fk17-21, iv1-39, iv52-54, iv63, kw1-14, pa21-40, ph19-26, ph30-41, ph49-50 scottish islands - hs1-9, iv40-51, iv55-56, ka27-28, kw15-17, pa20, pa41-49, pa60-78, ph42-44, ze1-3 islands: bt, im jersey – je guernsey – gy check out the delivery pages to see whether it’s currently available. did this answer your question? how long will it take you to process a refund? if you used our returns portal, we expect the carrier to have returned your order to us within 10 days of you passing your return to them. if you used an independent carrier to return your order, you should check with them for their delivery timescales. you can usually track the parcel's journey via the carrier's website.once the parcel has arrived with our returns team, we aim to process it within 14 days. this marks the item(s) as returned and triggers a refund. once the refund process has started, we expect the refund to be back with you within 5 working days. this timeframe can vary according on your payment provider.if the refund was due to a cancellation, we'll cancel them from the order which will trigger a refund back to your method of payment. we will do this as soon as possible and by no later than 30 (thirty) days from the date of your order. once the cancellation has been confirmed and the refund process started, we expect the refund to be with you within 5 working days. this timescale can vary according to your payment method.why not take a look at our 'new in' section to see if something else catches your eye. did this answer your question? how do i return / exchange my order uk? want a faster refund?return your order to store! just to take the goods you want to return, along with your despatch email or the despatch note that came in the parcel, to one of our stores and the team will be happy to assist.find your local store here your return will be processed at the till point and this will trigger a refund back to the original payment method you used to purchase your order online.we can refund all online payment methods. by post click here to return by post check out our carriers and register your return on our returns portal here all you need is you order number and e mail address to register your return. no printer? no problem! printer less options available for your returns label. online orders can only be refunded. exchanges are not available. if you ordered an item from nike on or after 15th september 2022, you should return that product back to jd. if you ordered an item from nike on or before 14th september 2022, you should return that back to nike. please see the faq “i bought my nike item on or before 14th september 2022, where do i return it to?”. orders that came directly from adidas, reebok, under armour, timberland, vans or the north face need to be returned back to them using the free returns label that was provided. if you need a brand partner returns label, contact our customer care team here did this answer your question? something is missing from my order at certain times we are unable to send all of the items that you have ordered. if this is the case, we will send you an email letting you know of any items that are missing from your order. please note that we will provide a full refund for any items that have not been sent. please note that if purchasing more than 1 item then your order may be split into separate deliveries. if you have not received communication that an item was not available and not received your full refund after 5 working days, then please contact our customer care team. we'd recommend calling us so we can discuss all the elements of your order in one contact. did this answer your question? i want to check stock online before you contact our customer team to advise on stock online, please ensure you've checked the item you require isn't showing as in stock on the website.to do this, select the item on site and see if your size is available. did this answer your question? can i change or cancel my order? we're pretty quick at picking and packing your order & once the order has been placed we can't change it before despatch therefore we need to be quick to cancel your order once your purchase has been confirmed. once your order has been confirmed we are unable to change your delivery address due to security reasons. we advise that you make sure all details are correct before placing your order. if you contact us on 0161 393 7055 as soon as possible we may be able to help. if you change your mind, please look up the faq “how do i return / exchange my order?” did this answer your question? i am having trouble signing into my account if you're having trouble logging in, our login page is case sensitive. ensure that you are entering your email address/password exactly as you registered it. some devices may automatically capitalise the first letter of your email address or password, so ensure that you change this letter to lower case before you attempt to login. if your password isn't being accepted, you may need to reset it so we can provide you with a new one. to do this, click 'forgotten your password?' and follow the steps to allow us to send you a new password. if you're still having problems logging in, you may not have registered an account with us successfully when you placed your first order. you can check if you have an account registered by using the 'register for an account' option of the website. if you've not got an account, the website will allow you to register your details and create a new account. for help with any further login issues, please contact our customer service team who will be happy to help. did this answer your question? i have faulty/damaged items if an item arrives damaged or faulty then please contact our customer care team who will discuss your return options. we may send the item to our inspection team to assess whether a manufacturing fault is present. depending on the results an offer of a refund will be made. alternatively, you can take your despatch note and the faulty or damaged goods to one of our jd stores. the team will be happy to assist and send your item off to our distribution centre who will do an inspection, then depending on the results offer a refund. did this answer your question? do i have to pay customs/import charges? if delivery is to an address in the eu then taxes and duties will be settled on your behalf with our courier. you will be the importer into the eu and by ordering through this site you give authority to our couriers to deliver and clear goods to you on that basis.  there will be no additional cost for you as we will settle the charges on your behalf. if delivery is to an address outside the eu, you may be charged taxes or duties on import into the destination country. you are responsible for paying any taxes, duties or additional costs which may be levied at the time of importation. we recommend you contact your local customs authority or post office to understand the potential costs prior to placing an order. you will be the importer into the destination country and by ordering through this site you give authority to our couriers to deliver and clear goods to you on that basis. did this answer your question? how can i get a new returns note? we are sorry you haven't received a despatch note with your delivery. we are not able to provide you with a copy of the despatch note at present, however, if it's a proof of purchase or receipt you're looking for, your order confirmation email is just as good. if you wanted the despatch note to return your order you should only need your order number to create a return through our returns portal here. if you choose to send items back yourself, please remember to pop a note in with your parcel that has your order number, name, what you're returning and some contact details, just so we know who the parcel relates to! did this answer your question? give jd team feedback online we'd love to hear from you. whatever you want to say, let the jd team know about your online experience by clicking here did this answer your question? how do i return my raffle item? you can send your raffle & yeezy returns through our dedicated returns portal.for raffle & yeezy returns only click here did this answer your question? i would like more information on charitable donations the jd foundation is currently undergoing a full strategic review which is set to be launched in the final quarter of 2023. at present, jd foundation is fully committed to our charity partners and is currently closed for all funding and partnership applications. jd foundation will be sharing more information around how to become a benefactor of the foundation as we progress towards 2024, a process which will see us supporting more charities across more communities. to keep up to date, please follow the jd foundation on social media: instagram - @thejdfoundation linkedin - the jd foundation did this answer your question? what is your returns policy? if you want to return your online order to us there are lots of ways to do it. please note store purchases must be returned to our stores. pop down to one of our stores nationwide, take your despatch note and the goods you want to return within 28 days, and the store team will be happy to offer you a refund.  they'll mark the item as returned via the till and that will trigger a refund back to the original method of payment. you'll also be given a receipt confirming the return of your goods. you can visit our returns portal and choose from an array of carriers we've partnered with to get your unwanted goods back to us. remember to put your despatch note in the parcel.personalised items will only be accepted if the personalisation text is incorrect or if the product is faulty. underwear is non-refundable for hygiene reasons. swimwear returns will only be accepted if the hygiene seal is still intact and can only be returned to store. please note, orders purchased on the uk site cannot be returned to any of our stores outside the uk. we're not able to offer exchanges for online orders either we will ordinarily refund the full purchase price together with the standard delivery charge paid as long as we receive your order within the cancellation period. if you chose to pay extra for express delivery, we will only refund the cost of standard delivery. please note though that if you want to return only some items but keep the rest of your order, you may not be entitled to a refund of the delivery charge. orders fulfilled by adidas, under armour, reebok, timberland, vans or the north facethese items need to be returned directly to our brand partners. a returns note should have been included with your purchase however, if not, you can contact our customer care team here and request onehoverboards we believe that the smart balance wheel may not meet the uk standards and may cause a serious safety risk. we are therefore urging customers not to use the product and return it with mains plug and charger to their nearest jd store with proof of purchase and a full refund will be given. we take the quality and safety of our products extremely seriously and apologise for any inconvenience this may cause. any customer queries please telephone 0161 393 7055 product recall notice we believe that the pink soda – heart zip through hood may have a print issue. the print wears off after washing therefore please return any faulty washed garments to store for a full refund. please note this notice only applies to certain batches produced and only washed garments where this issue is apparent will be refunded. we take the quality of our products extremely seriously and apologise for any inconvenience this may cause. did this answer your question? what are my delivery options? to see your options click here to view our delivery page. did this answer your question? how do i return my yeezy item? you can send your raffle & yeezy returns through our dedicated returns portal. click here did this answer your question? can i check if stores near me have the item i am looking for? to check if your local store has an item in stock then please contact your local store via the store locator. https://www.jdsports.co.uk/store-locator/ did this answer your question? why has my order been cancelled? sorry your order was cancelled.if any of the items you've ordered are out of stock at the time of packing , we'll cancel them from the order which will trigger a refund back to your method of payment. we will do this as soon as possible and by no later than 30 (thirty) days from the date of your order. once the cancellation has been confirmed and the refund process started, we expect the refund to be with you within 5 working days. this timescale can vary according to your payment method. there are other reasons we may cancel your order, which are set out in our terms and conditionsif you placed your order in store or at a kiosk you will need to return to store for your refund. why not take a look at our 'new in' section to see if something catches your eye. did this answer your question? how do i check my gift card balance? to check your gift card balance, just click here and scroll to the bottom of the page. did this answer your question? online & instore prices our prices at jd uk are the same online as they are instore. this excludes any exclusive online or instore promotions which may be on offer from time to time. did this answer your question? vat invoice requests we can supply a vat invoice for your online order when: the order has been delivered you have a valid vat number we can verify the vat number the billing details of the order match the address details associated to the vat number if we're unable to validate or match any of the vat details with the order details, we can supply a despatch note which serves as a proof of purchase. if your order was split we'd supply individual despatch notes for each parcel and the items within that parcel. in order to request a vat invoice, please submit your request, one at a time, via our contact us form at https://www.jdsports.co.uk/customer-service/contact/ we understand that we may have previously supplied vat invoices on request however we've updated our process to ensure a due diligence before supplying vat invoices. reasons we may reject your vat invoice request multiple requests in one contact us form submission the billing details from your order don't match the details associated with your vat number if we're unable to verify your vat number if your items were refunded did this answer your question? do you deliver to my country? please go to our delivery page and select your country from the drop down list on this page did this answer your question? why havent i received an order confirmation email? during busy periods confirmation emails may take a little longer than expected but please be assured we are working on your order! please check your junk email folder. standard delivery is a home delivery which is usually made within 5-7 days of your order being placed. uk standard delivery is £3.99 - or free over £70. we cannot deliver to po boxes and if you require delivery to the channel islands you will need to select international delivery. please note, these charges and days to deliver may vary from time to time with promotional activity. did this answer your question? my order has been split we have split your order so that we can get it out to you faster. to see how your order is progressing simply click here and enter your order number from your confirmation email did this answer your question? how long will my order take to arrive? check out our delivery page here to find out more! if your order has not arrived by the estimated delivery date then please check with your neighbours to see if the courier has left the parcel at their house, also check any safe areas that the driver may have left your parcel, such as the garden shed or porch. before contacting us please check the tracking link we sent in your despatch email to view up-to-date tracking information. if you still can't find your parcel or want an update on your order, then please contact our customer care team quoting your order number. did this answer your question? how do i return an order i placed in store? if you've ordered through an instore kiosk and would like to return an item, you will need to do this instore as we are unable to process returns for kiosk orders via our distribution centre. exchanges are currently unavailable. find your nearest store here did this answer your question? can i use my gift card online and what if it has expired? yes! you can use both egift cards and ultimate gift cards online. gift cards are valid for twelve months from date of purchase. the gift card will expire and any remaining balance will reduce to nil if it is not used within a 12 month period. did this answer your question? how do i contact customer care you can contact us by phone on 0161 393 7055! opening times - 8am - 9pm, 7 days a week. be sure to have your order number ready so we can help you as quickly as possible. or visit our customer contact page here or check out our faq's for a quick answer! did this answer your question? can i have items sent to someone as a gift? if you want to send something to someone as a gift then you can use their address as the delivery address when you place your order. we dont offer a gift wrapping service so the goods will arrive just like a normal order. we do display the prices of the items on the delivery note & we can only discuss the order with the person who placed the order. did this answer your question? how do i buy an e gift card you can purchase an e gift cards here did this answer your question? how long will my international order take to be delivered international standard delivery times vary depending on the destination and service selected at checkout. depending on the location of your delivery, we do aim to deliver your order between 10 and 14 working days. we go global and deliver to +180 countries. click here to find out more about locations we deliver to, pricing and delivery times. did this answer your question? why are some products delivered by nike, adidas, reebok , under armour, timberland, vans or the north face? we have additional product lines available for delivery direct from our brand partners, so we can do our best to get the size you want. the products are shipped and sold directly by the jd brand partner to you. this is only available for standard delivery and, depending on which brand partner shipped your product(s), may have some bespoke returns rules.for products shipped by adidas, reebok, under armour, timberland, vans or the north face, unwanted returns must go directly back to the brand partner. please don't attempt to return them to a store or our warehouse as this will delay the returns and refund process. please use the returns label that came with your brand partner order. if you need a replacement returns label, please contact customer care by clicking herefor products shipped by nike, you can follow the same returns process as jd fulfilled items. visit our returns portal here, enter your order number and email address and follow the instructions.for more information on returns, click here and select returns did this answer your question? will the recipient have to pay duty on the order? our products are sold on a ddu (delivery duty unpaid) basis. additional taxes, fees or levies may apply according to local legislation. recipients of deliveries made outside the european union may have to pay import duty or formal customs entry. if this is the case, the delivery may be delayed. jd sports cannot offer any assistance in these processes. to help make sure that customs duties are not payable for deliveries outside the eu, check the custom duty threshold of the country you're sending your items to, before you order, and keep your total basket value below that threshold. did this answer your question? who will deliver the parcel for my international order? deliveries will be shipped via dpd, dhl, skynet or pro-carrier depending on the weight and value. once the parcel has arrived in your country it will be passed on to an internal post service and be subject to their standard delivery procedures. did this answer your question? what do i do if my item arrives faulty or damaged? if you receive your goods and they appear either broken or faulty, you have the right to return them because they won't be as described.please ensure you return the goods within our returns period and remember to include your despatch note as well as the reason for returning them.once received and processed, this will trigger a refund back to your original payment method. sadly we can't offer exchanges but we can help with returning your goods.you can return them for free to any one of our jd stores across the uk or you can visit our returns portal for other options which may be more convenient.should you need any help with the returns portal, you can always get in contact with us here did this answer your question? gdpr data protection and privacy policies if you have any concerns about how we handle your data, please take a look at our privacy policy pagehttps://www.jdsports.co.uk/customer-service/privacy/here you'll find details of how your data is processed and who to contact should you still have any questions. did this answer your question? jd status queries you can see all the jd status faqs by visiting: https://www.jdsports.co.uk/customer-service/jd-status-faqs/ if you don't find what you're looking for, you can call our dedicated jd status helpline by opening your jd status app, clicking on more and then contact us. please ensure you make of note of your loyalty id. you can find this by opening your jd status app, clicking on more followed by profile. your loyalty id is displayed at the top of that page. did this answer your question? what is jdx unlimited membership and how does it work? jdx is no longer available for new customers or those wanting to renew their membership subscriptions. existing jdx members will continue to have access to their jdx perks including (free delivery during your membership, early access to sale, and access to product raffles).; how long does it last? jdx unlimited is valid for 12 months from the date of purchase. did this answer your question? what is klarna? please see our full faq's here did this answer your question? customer feedback survey i've had an invite to complete a survey from you? that’s right – we’re doing more to understand how our customers feel about us and where we can improve our services. is this legitimate? if the survey email is from jd sports, with the email address feedback@jdsports.com then this is from us! where can i spend the gift card? if you're our lucky winner, we will contact you to arrange an email address to send your e-gift card to. this can be redeemed online in store and online, as well as in our app. (gift card t&cs: https://www.jdsports.co.uk/customer-service/terms/) okay, so what do i need to do? once you’ve completed the survey questions, the option to consent to enter the competition will appear. select yes, and then boxes will appear to input your first and last name, and email address. make sure your email address is typed in correctly, as this is how we will contact you if you win! keep an eye on your emails to find out if you have won – we will email you to confirm that you’re over 18 and arrange how we’ll get your gift card over to you. why does it say "qualtrics"? qualtrics are the agency we use to conduct our surveys and store the responses you provide. you can check their privacy policy here https://www.qualtrics.com/privacy-statement/ did this answer your question? other ways to get help twitter support message join the conversation sign up gift cards £5 - £300 the ultimate gift card is the only gift card you need. available in over 500 stores across the country, it's the perfect gift. buy gift cards our stores find your local store, view opening hours and find out where you can get free delivery to collect your order from! just enter your postcode below to find your nearest store. download our apps shop 24/7 using the app. access exclusive offers & shop the very latest products on the move. shopping with jd students size guides find a store jd status customer care delivery & returns help & contact us track my order waste electrical or electronic equipment corporate careers jd sports fashion plc legal terms & conditions privacy & cookies accessibility cookie settings site map modern slavery report we accept the following payment methods visit our corporate website at www.jdplc.com copyright © 2024 jd sports all rights reserved. back to top cookies by clicking “accept all cookies”, you agree to the storing of cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyse site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts. preferences can be adjusted in cookie settings. view our cookie policy your cookie settings accept all cookies your cookie settings × privacy preference centre when you visit any website, it may store or retrieve information on your browser, mostly in the form of cookies. this information might be about you, your preferences or your device and is mostly used to make the site work as you expect it to. the information does not usually directly identify you, but it can give you a more personalized web experience. we use strictly necessary cookies to make our website work. we would like to set optional cookies to give you a better user experience and to assist us in understanding how visitors use our site. because we respect your right to privacy, optional cookies are not set unless you enable them. click on the different category headings to find out more and change our default settings. blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience of the site and the services we are able to offer. you can always change your preference by visiting 'cookie settings' at the bottom of the page. accept all cookies manage consent preferences + strictly necessary always active these cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. they are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms. you can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then work. these cookies do not store any personally identifiable information. cookies details + functional cookies these cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalisation. they may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages. if you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly. cookies details + performance cookies these cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. they help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. all information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. if you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our site, and will not be able to monitor its performance. cookies details + tracking cookies these cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. they may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant adverts on other sites. they do not store directly personal information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device. if you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising. cookies details reject all confirm my choice cookie information ×