来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20241231144759/https://www.jdsports.co.uk/page/faqs/
================================================================================

faqs | jd sports uk my account find a store help track my order wishlist deliver to... results trending recent searches recently viewed basket is empty close menu men footwear new in footwear trainers classic trainers canvas & plimsolls hi-tops boots & shoes running shoes football boots flip flops & slides training footwear trail footwear edit autumn edit gym ready premium edit outdoor style denim 2 for £15 2 for £25 2 for £35 2 for £60 puma offer clothing new in clothing hoodies track pants & joggers jackets cargo pants t-shirts tracksuits sweatshirts track tops loungewear training & fitness jeans polo shirts shorts swimwear shirts retro football shirts socks & underwear football training wear football kits accessories shop all accessories all bags caps socks underwear knitted hats & beanies gloves scarves & snoods jewellery & jibbitz sports equipment shoe care & insoles sunglasses bucket hats scooters & skateboards gift cards brands shop all brands adidas originals adidas nike berghaus billionaire boys club crocs ea7 fred perry gym king hoodrich jordan lacoste boss mckenzie mercier new balance on running puma technicals the north face under armour vans ed hardy featured shop new in women footwear new in trainers classic trainers boots & shoes canvas & skate running gym trainers hi tops platform trainers football boots sandals & slides terrace footwear trends neutrals brights varsity style wide leg pants football casual edits festival edit jd exclusives autumn edit denim premium edit outdoor edit gym ready loungewear clothing new in jackets & coats hoodies sweatshirts track pants & joggers co-ords jeans tops track tops tracksuits leggings cargo pants shorts unitards & playsuits dresses skirts swimwear gym clothing gym tops gym shorts gym tights sports bras football plus size maternity modest accessories shop all all bags caps socks bucket hats fitness equipment sunglasses shoe care & insoles knitted hats & beanies gloves scarves & snoods headphones & head torches scooters & skateboards jewellery & jibbitz gift cards brands shop all dailyszn nike adidas originals adidas calvin klein converse columbia crocs ea7 fila hoka hoodrich jordan juicy couture levi's mercier montirex new balance on running pink soda sport puma the north face under armour vans ugg ed hardy featured shop new in kids footwear new in size 3-6 - junior size 10-2.5 - children size 0-9.5 - infants flip flops & slides crib footwear & baby sets football boots accessories new in all bags caps backpacks gloves scarves & snoods socks sports equipment shoe care & insoles football flick scooters & skateboards underwear boys clothing new in junior (8-15 years) jackets hoodies & sweatshirts trackpants tracksuits jeans t-shirts shorts swimwear football kits training & fitness children (2-7 years) jackets tracksuits sets t-shirts hoodies bottoms football kits infant (0-3 years) jackets tracksuits sets t-shirts football kits girls clothing new in junior (8-15 years) jackets hoodies & sweatshirts leggings trackpants tracksuits t-shirts shorts swimwear training football kits children (2-7 years) jackets tracksuits sets hoodies bottoms t-shirts football kits infant(0-3 years) jackets tracksuits sets t-shirts bodysuits football kits brands nike adidas adidas originals berghaus boss converse clarks crocs ea7 jordan kickers lacoste mckenzie the north face tommy hilfiger puma supply & demand under armour vans edit best sellers school essentials activewear jd exclusives autumn edit premium edit outdoor edit loungewear top picks under £20 denim featured shop new in accessories men's new in holiday shop all bags caps knitted hats & beanies scarves & snoods gloves socks underwear bucket hats sports equipment sunglasses shoe care & insoles headphones & head torches scooters & skateboards football calendars & annuals jewellery & jibbitz wallets water bottle edits premium edit spring edit women's new in holiday shop all bags caps knitted hats & beanies scarves & snoods gloves socks bucket hats fitness equipment sunglasses shoe care & insoles headphones & head torches scooters & skateboards football calendars & annuals jewellery & jibbitz underwear water bottle edits premium edit spring edit kids new in holiday shop all bags caps knitted hats & beanies scarves & snoods gloves sports equipment football flick scooters & skateboards football calendars & annuals socks shoe care & insoles water bottle edits premium edit spring edit brands adidas originals adidas nike the north face ea7 new era tommy hilfiger boss lacoste under armour featured shop now collections nike air nike air force 1 nike air max nike air max 90 nike air max 95 nike air max 97 nike air max 270 nike air vapormax nike air huarache jordan jordan 1 nike nike tech fleece nike dunk nike react vision nike blazer nike pegasus nike mercurial nike metcon nike uptempo nike revolution nike downshifter adidas adidas ultra boost adidas originals samba adidas originals gazelle adidas originals handball adidas originals superstar adidas originals stan smith adidas originals forum adidas originals ozweego adidas originals nmd adidas originals la trainer adidas originals zx 750 adidas originals campus new balance new balance 327 new balance 550 new balance 530 new balance 9060 new balance 2002r converse converse platform converse all star converse chuck taylor converse run star hike converse chuck 70 vans vans old skool vans sk8-hi vans knu skool puma puma ultra puma suede puma rs fila fila disruptor reebok reebok classic on running on running cloud 5 on running cloudmonster on running cloudswift crocs crocs echo crocs classic clog jibbitz football premier league teams arsenal aston villa chelsea everton fulham liverpool manchester city manchester united newcastle united tottenham hotspur west ham united wolves championship teams leeds united norwich city sheffield united sunderland swansea city scottish teams celtic rangers rest of the world inter miami european teams ac milan afc ajax as roma atletico madrid barcelona bayern munich borussia dortmund inter milan juventus psg real madrid view all international teams england wales scotland northern ireland republic of ireland belgium france germany italy netherlands spain football boots adidas football boots adidas predator adidas copa adidas x nike football boots nike mercurial nike phantom puma football boots puma future puma king puma ultra football equiment footballs shin pads goalkeeper gloves bags training aids ball pumps football training wear retro shirts sports running men's footwear men's clothing tops shorts jackets women's footwear women's clothing tops leggings shorts accessories gym men's footwear men's clothing tops shorts track pants women's footwear women's clothing tops sports bras leggings accessories rugby england scotland wales view all teams cardiff blues view all teams accessories basketball boston celtics chicago bulls golden state warriors la lakers memphis grizzlies miami heat milwaukee bucks pheonix suns view all teams footwear accessories basketballs american football baltimore ravens buffalo bills chicago bears dallas cowboys green bay packers kansas city chiefs las vegas raiders los angeles rams miami dolphins new york giants san francisco 49ers accessories baseball boston red sox la dodgers new york yankees chicago white sox view all teams other sports boxing mma swimming tennis offers men's sale clothing jackets & coats hoodies track pants & joggers tracksuits t-shirts polo shirts cargo pants shorts gym clothes accessories caps men's footwear sale trainers flip flops & slides running shoes size 6 size 7 size 8 size 9 size 10 size 11 size 12 size 13 women's sale clothing hoodies sweatshirts joggers jackets gym clothing tops shorts leggings underwear swimwear accessories women's footwear sale trainers slides fitness footwear size 3 size 4 size 5 size 6 size 7 size 8 size 9 kids' sale clothing junior clothing childrens clothing infants clothing footwear size 0-9 size 10-2 size 3-6 accessories brands sale nike adidas the north face under armour jordan converse ea7 hoodrich puma mckenzie new balance montirex jd blog deliver to united kingdom australia belgië bulgaria canada cyprus danmark deutschland españa france greece hungary indonesia ireland israel italia lithuania malaysia nederland new zealand österreich portugal poland romania singapore slovakia suomi sverige usa ประเทศไทย rest of the world free standard delivery on orders over £70! free same day click & collect apply at checkout calling all students! get 10% off shop now home > help how can we help?find the right answer order and deliveries where is my order? can i have next day delivery? how much is delivery? something is missing from my order see all returns and refunds how do i return / exchange my order uk? how long will it take you to process a refund? how do i return my order internationally? returning a personalised order see all products and stock can you tell me if you are getting an item back in stock? i want to check stock in stores where can i find your size guide and care instructions? i need more info on a product see all payments promo and gift cards how can i purchase a gift card? how do i use my promotion / discount code? i have a question about gift cards can i use more than one promo code on my order? see all technical how do i reset my password for my online account? unsubscribe from marketing emails i am having trouble adding items to my basket/making payment i am having trouble signing into my account see all other do you have any job vacancies? how do i contact head office for pr & marketing opportunities? give jd team feedback store unsubscribe from marketing emails see all frequently asked questions where is my order? sign into your jd account www.jdsports.co.uk/myaccount/dashboard/ and check your order history or simply use the 'track my order' link here to see the latest update of your delivery. alternatively you can check the tracking link we sent in your despatch email to view the latest tracking information ,however please note click and collect orders cannot be tracked through this service. for click and collect orders the store will notify you when your order is ready to be collected. please allow the required time for the delivery method you have chosen before you contact us. only received part of your order? we sometimes fulfil items from multiple locations so your order may be split across more than one delivery. check the items on the despatch note in your parcel against what you've received. if they match, the rest of your order is in a different parcel. if they don't match, give us a call and we'll find out what's happened.still need help? call us on 0161 393 7055! be sure to have your order number ready so we can help you as quickly as possible. did this answer your question? how long will it take you to process a refund? if you used our returns portal, we expect the carrier to have returned your order to us within 10 days of you passing your return to them. if you used an independent carrier to return your order, you should check with them for their delivery timescales. you can usually track the parcel's journey via the carrier's website.once the parcel has arrived with our returns team, we aim to process it within 14 days. this marks the item(s) as returned and triggers a refund. once the refund process has started, we expect the refund to be back with you within 5 working days. this timeframe can vary according on your payment provider.if the refund was due to a cancellation, we'll cancel them from the order which will trigger a refund back to your method of payment. we will do this as soon as possible and by no later than 30 (thirty) days from the date of your order. once the cancellation has been confirmed and the refund process started, we expect the refund to be with you within 5 working days. this timescale can vary according to your payment method.why not take a look at our 'new in' section to see if something else catches your eye. did this answer your question? how do i return / exchange my order uk? want a faster refund?return your order to store! just to take the goods you want to return, along with your despatch email or the despatch note that came in the parcel, to one of our stores and the team will be happy to assist.find your local store here your return will be processed at the till point and this will trigger a refund back to the original payment method you used to purchase your order online.we can refund all online payment methods. by post click here to return by post check out our carriers and register your return on our returns portal here all you need is you order number and e mail address to register your return. no printer? no problem! printer less options available for your returns label. online orders can only be refunded. exchanges are not available. if you ordered an item from nike on or after 15th september 2022, you should return that product back to jd. if you ordered an item from nike on or before 14th september 2022, you should return that back to nike. please see the faq “i bought my nike item on or before 14th september 2022, where do i return it to?”. orders that came directly from adidas, reebok, under armour, timberland, vans or the north face need to be returned back to them using the free returns label that was provided. if you need a brand partner returns label, contact our customer care team here did this answer your question? how does same day click & collect work? simply place your order before 2pm for same day pick up, choose your desired store from the dropdown menu and wait for us to let you know that your order has arrived! please do not travel to store until you receive notification from us. if your chosen store is unable to fulfil your order the same day we may have to delay it to the following day. we will let you know if this happens. if you do not collect the goods within 14 days, we will send them back to the warehouse and you will get your money back did this answer your question? something is missing from my order at certain times we are unable to send all of the items that you have ordered. if this is the case, we will send you an email letting you know of any items that are missing from your order. please note that we will provide a full refund for any items that have not been sent. please note that if purchasing more than 1 item then your order may be split into separate deliveries. if you have not received communication that an item was not available and not received your full refund after 5 working days, then please contact our customer care team. we'd recommend calling us so we can discuss all the elements of your order in one contact. did this answer your question? i want to check stock online before you contact our customer team to advise on stock online, please ensure you've checked the item you require isn't showing as in stock on the website.to do this, select the item on site and see if your size is available. did this answer your question? can i change or cancel my order? we're pretty quick at picking and packing your order & once the order has been placed we can't change it before despatch therefore we need to be quick to cancel your order once your purchase has been confirmed. once your order has been confirmed we are unable to change your delivery address due to security reasons. we advise that you make sure all details are correct before placing your order. if you contact us on 0161 393 7055 as soon as possible we may be able to help. if you change your mind, please look up the faq “how do i return / exchange my order?” did this answer your question? i am having trouble signing into my account if you're having trouble logging in, our login page is case sensitive. ensure that you are entering your email address/password exactly as you registered it. some devices may automatically capitalise the first letter of your email address or password, so ensure that you change this letter to lower case before you attempt to login. if your password isn't being accepted, you may need to reset it so we can provide you with a new one. to do this, click 'forgotten your password?' and follow the steps to allow us to send you a new password. if you're still having problems logging in, you may not have registered an account with us successfully when you placed your first order. you can check if you have an account registered by using the 'register for an account' option of the website. if you've not got an account, the website will allow you to register your details and create a new account. for help with any further login issues, please contact our customer service team who will be happy to help. did this answer your question? i have faulty/damaged items if an item arrives damaged or faulty then please contact our customer care team who will discuss your return options. we may send the item to our inspection team to assess whether a manufacturing fault is present. depending on the results an offer of a refund will be made. alternatively, you can take your despatch note and the faulty or damaged goods to one of our jd stores. the team will be happy to assist and send your item off to our distribution centre who will do an inspection, then depending on the results offer a refund. did this answer your question? how can i get a new returns note? we are sorry you haven't received a despatch note with your delivery. we are not able to provide you with a copy of the despatch note at present, however, if it's a proof of purchase or receipt you're looking for, your order confirmation email is just as good. if you wanted the despatch note to return your order you should only need your order number to create a return through our returns portal here. if you choose to send items back yourself, please remember to pop a note in with your parcel that has your order number, name, what you're returning and some contact details, just so we know who the parcel relates to! did this answer your question? give jd team feedback online we'd love to hear from you. whatever you want to say, let the jd team know about your online experience by clicking here did this answer your question? customer charter and complaints procedure we hope that you are pleased with any purchase you have made. sometimes however things do not go according to plan and if you feel that we have not lived up to your expectations, or that we could improve our service in some way, please let us know. what you can expect from uswe will make it as easy as possible for you to contact us however you’d like to do it; phone, email or even write to us it’s up to you.polite, professional and enthusiastic staff who will greet you in a friendly way and identify themselves by first name. we will make sure our staff are trained well enough to deal with your enquiries the first time you contact us with confidentiality and respect for your privacy.how you can help usgive us all the information we need to help you. let us know if you have any special needs. be polite to our staff and show them the same respect they will show you. by giving us feedback on how well we are doing so we can improve the way we help you. we will look to respond as soon as possible.how to complain if something goes wrongcomplaint handling and feedbackstep 1: contact usin the first instance, if you’re in one of our shops, do ask to speak to a manager. we have empowered our managers and assistant managers to make a number of decisions about your purchase and experience. the store management can help find a resolution to your instore query.if your complaint does not relate to an instore query or you are not in agreement with the decision made by the store please contact us using one of the below options. if you call us, we’ll try to sort out your complaint while you’re on the phone. if this isn’t possible, the advisor will agree a course of action with you.complete our email webform  https://www.jdsports.co.uk/customer-service/contact/telephone us by calling 0161 393 7055by post:jd sports customer care departmenthollinsbrook waypilsworthburybl9 8rrstep 2: escalating your complaintif you're not satisfied with our response, please ask for the issue to be considered again. you’ll have the opportunity to discuss the issue with our customer champions team - customerchampions@jdplc.comif you are dissatisfied with our handling of your complaint, you can use the following link to access the eu’s online dispute resolution platform to have your complaint forwarded to an independent third party for review:https://webgate.ec.europa.eu/odr/main/index.cfm?event=main.home.chooselanguageif your complaint has been escalated and you remain unsatisfied with our response, you may contact the retail ombudsman in order to seek an independent review of our handling of your complaint. the following link will take you to the retail ombudsman’s website:https://www.theretailombudsman.org.uk/dashboard/create-claim.php did this answer your question? other ways to get help twitter support message join the conversation sign up gift cards £5 - £300 the ultimate gift card is the only gift card you need. available in over 500 stores across the country, it's the perfect gift. buy gift cards our stores find your local store, view opening hours and find out where you can get free delivery to collect your order from! just enter your postcode below to find your nearest store. download our apps shop 24/7 using the app. access exclusive offers & shop the very latest products on the move. shopping with jd students size guides find a store jd status download the app customer care delivery & returns click and collect help & contact us track my order waste electrical or electronic equipment corporate careers jd sports fashion plc legal terms & conditions privacy & cookies accessibility cookie settings site map modern slavery report we accept the following payment methods visit our corporate website at www.jdplc.com copyright © 2024 jd sports all rights reserved. back to top cookies by clicking “accept all cookies”, you agree to the storing of cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyse site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts. preferences can be adjusted in cookie settings. view our cookie policy your cookie settings accept all cookies your cookie settings × privacy preference centre when you visit any website, it may store or retrieve information on your browser, mostly in the form of cookies. this information might be about you, your preferences or your device and is mostly used to make the site work as you expect it to. the information does not usually directly identify you, but it can give you a more personalized web experience. we use strictly necessary cookies to make our website work. we would like to set optional cookies to give you a better user experience and to assist us in understanding how visitors use our site. because we respect your right to privacy, optional cookies are not set unless you enable them. click on the different category headings to find out more and change our default settings. blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience of the site and the services we are able to offer. you can always change your preference by visiting 'cookie settings' at the bottom of the page. accept all cookies manage consent preferences + strictly necessary always active these cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. they are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms. you can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then work. these cookies do not store any personally identifiable information. cookies details + functional cookies these cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalisation. they may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages. if you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly. cookies details + performance cookies these cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. they help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. all information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. if you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our site, and will not be able to monitor its performance. cookies details + tracking cookies these cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. they may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant adverts on other sites. they do not store directly personal information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device. if you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising. cookies details reject all confirm my choice cookie information ×