来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20091030213644/http://www.auntiesbeads.com/faq.aspx
================================================================================

faq - auntie's beads! welcome - login or register beads swarovski crystal beads alphabet beads bali beads copper beads czech glass beads freshwater pearls gemstone beads gold beads glass beads natural beads pewter beads seed beads specialty beads sterling silver beads wood beads jewelry components clasps sterling silver findings gold findings copper findings pewter findings base-metal findings silver plate findings pendants charms watch faces supplies beading supplies beading tools chain stringing materials jewelry making wire jewelry displays resources learning center free beading videos beaded jewelry auntie's rewards gift certificates information promotions shipping policy returns customer service take 10% off your next order by signing up for the free auntie's beads newsletter! powered by verticalresponse frequently asked questions 1. what is the mission of auntie's beads? 2. what makes auntie's beads different from any other beading supply company and why should customers shop with auntie's beads exclusively? 3. do you sell wholesale or have quantity discounts? 4. why do i have to pay sales tax? 5. do you offer a catalog? 6. how do i contact auntie's beads? 7. how do i keep up with your current offers and new products? 8. does auntie's beads have physical store locations? 9. do you sell internationally? 10. how do you use cookies on this website (or, i'm having trouble using my shopping cart)? 11. i signed up to receive your newsletter - why am i not getting it? 12. why do some of your prices change periodically? 13. may i use a check to purchase from auntie's beads? 14. what do the "/0" numbers beside the seed beads mean? 15. why are my paypal orders taking so long to arrive? 16. why weren't my auntie's rewards points added to my account after i made my purchase? 17. if i return an item, what happens to the rewards points i accrued for that purchase? 18. when will i begin receiving auntie's rewards points? 19. does auntie’s beads contribute to charities or provide special pricing for non-profit organizations? 20. why can't i view all the images on your site? 21. do you have a return policy? 1. what is the mission of auntie's beads? auntie's beads exists to provide quality beads and jewelry supplies at the best possible price, and to help new beaders to learn the craft of jewelry making. we give back a significant portion of our operating profit to faith-based organizations that support women's and children's issues. we choose to explicitly honor the name of christ in everything we do, while at the same time respecting and honoring the faiths of others. (back to top) 2. what makes auntie's beads different from any other beading supply company and why should customers shop with auntie's beads exclusively? at auntie's beads we are passionate about what we do. our goal is to provide design inspiration, confidence you can make it, unique product to select, shipped to you to arrive timely and in perfect condition. at auntie's beads, we offer our customer friends a world-class shopping experience. we are more than just beads. here’s why: auntie's beader's advantage club let’s you take 10% off every purchase and get free standard shipping in the continental united states! the most complete and affordable selection of gemstones and gemstone pendants being offered online. weekly coupons. more fashion-forward and trendy new items every week. same day shipping. weekly projects with supply list and instructions. monthly trunk shows. incredible design ideas in our auntie's university swarovski newsletter to our exclusive swarovski club. friendly staff and wonderful customer service. the finest quality products available. (back to top) 3. do you sell wholesale or have quantity discounts? we offer wholesale to the public pricing through tiered quantity pricing on products, and quantity discounts on your total order. use the coupons below to receive up to 15% off the regular list price. all coupons are one coupon per order, not valid with other offers, in stock items only. just choose the best deal for you! for the following coupons, discounts are not applied to sale items, closeouts, or 3rd-tier discounts (already applied at the product level). tier10 - 10% off list price, $400.00 minimum tier15 - 15% off list price, $1,000.00 minimum non-profit organizations. please call or email customer service to discuss procedures for discounts for non-profit organizations. it is the customer's responsibility to enter the discount coupon at checkout. auntie's beads will not add coupons or discounts to orders retroactively or at the time of purchase. (back to top) 4. why do i have to pay sales tax? sales tax is added to orders shipped to texas and florida. the sales rate varies by state. the sales tax for texas is 8.25%. the sales tax for florida is 6 to 7.5% based on destination county. (back to top) 5. do you offer a catalog? our 2004-2005 catalog has been discontinued. instead of sending you catalogs that offer only a limited variety of the extensive collection of beads and beading supplies that we offer, we prefer to concentrate our efforts on giving you the quality and selection you've come to expect. for instance, our new products page is updated daily with brand new products you'll find only at auntie's beads. we encourage you to shop with us online because we do it best! (back to top) 6. how do i contact auntie's beads? for customer service or telephone orders, call toll free, 1-866-26beads. regular business hours are 9:00 a.m. to 5:00 p.m. central time on weekdays. you may also email the customer service team directly at customercare@auntiesbeads.com. (back to top) 7. how do i keep up with your current offers and new products? frankly, our newsletter subscribers always get the best deal. this is our primary method of communicating with our customers. we offer weekly coupon discounts, new product introductions, and a great design of the month every month with complete instructions. if you are not getting our newsletter, you are missing out. take 10% off your next order by signing up for the free auntie's beads newsletter! powered by verticalresponse please allow up to a week to receive your first newsletter. you can also find a list of all of our current specials on our promotions page! (back to top) 8. does auntie's beads have physical store locations? yes, auntie's beads currently has one showroom. one located in southlake, tx and one in clearwater, florida. unlike most retail beads stores, all our stores feature the same great pricing that you see on the web. please refer to clearwaterbeads.com for your beading needs in florida. (back to top) 9. do you sell internationally? auntie's beads ships internationally to most countries. keep in mind that we cannot be responsible for any local taxes or tariffs that may be imposed by your country. (back to top) 10. how do you use cookies on this website (or, i'm having trouble using my shopping cart)? we use session cookies to store your shopping cart information for future use. we do not use cookies to store any personal information. if your shopping cart is not working, here is a "how to enable cookies" faq - www.google.com/cookies.html. session cookies - also called a transient cookie, a cookie that is erased when the user closes the web browser. the session cookie is stored in temporary memory and is not retained after the browser is closed. session cookies do not collect information from the user’s computer. they typically will store information in the form of a session identification that does not personally identify the user. (back to top) 11. i signed up to receive your newsletter - why am i not getting it? this can arise due to a number of issues such as spam filters, security settings in your email account, or your inbox being full. all of these things can be fixed by either adding auntiesbeads.com as a safe sender, by accepting auntiesbeads@mail.vresp.com as a safe sender, or by contacting your email service provider. please e-mail newsletter@auntiesbeads.com using the e-mail address you used to sign up. we will research the issue and respond accordingly. (back to top) 12. why do some of your prices change periodically? many of the prices for our products are subject to change based on continuous fluctuations in the price of silver, which, in 2007 and 2008, has increased significantly. the availability of certain products can also be a factor in price changes. however, at auntie's beads, we are committed to doing everything possible to offer you the most competitive discount jewelry prices on the web. (back to top) 13. may i use a check to purchase from auntie's beads? unfortunately, we can no longer accept personal checks as payment for orders on auntiesbeads.com. we apologize for any inconveniences this may cause. (back to top) 14. what do the "/0" numbers beside the seed beads mean? seed beads are sized in aughts, which are different than millimeters. no one seems to know exactly what an “aught” is but remember that the bead sizes are in inverse proportion to the size of the beads. a size 15 is very small, and size 6 is big. aught size - mm diameter 6/0 - 3.3 8/0 - 2.5 11/0 - 1.8 15/0 - 1.3 11/0 delica - 1.8 (back to top) 15. why are my paypal orders taking so long to arrive? some paypal orders get delayed depending on when payment actually goes through for the order. unfortunately, there is nothing we can do on our end to speed up this process. if you are using paypal to pay for your order and think there is a problem with your payment process, please try contacting paypal first. we suggest not using paypal to pay for your orders on trunk show product because of this delay in processing. it often causes customers not to receive their trunk show products because these products are typically exclusive and one-time-only in availability and are therefore time-sensitive to the customer. (back to top) 16. why weren't my auntie's rewards points added to my account after i made my purchase? auntie's rewards points are given after your order has been approved. orders are approved after our order fulfillment team has filled, checked and shipped your order. typically, this process is completed the same day you placed your order as long as the order was placed before 2:00pm central standard time. orders placed after this will be filled the next day workday (monday through saturday). we reserve the right to hold an order's approval if there is an issue with the credit card or paypal transaction. in general, if your auntie's rewards points haven’t been added to your account yet, check back later in the day. also, please keep in mind that rewards points are set to "rollover" to your next year of membership should you choose to renew, however, if you wait until after the original expiration date, you will lose your rewards points. please make sure to renew your auntie's beader's advantage membership before it expires (a full year's membership will be added onto your original expiration date as opposed to the date of renewal purchase) to insure that you keep all rewards points that you've earned. (back to top) 17. if i return an item, what happens to the rewards points i accrued for that purchase? our system will take back your auntie’s awards points for all returned items. points earned from unreturned items on the same order will be retained. (back to top) 18. when will i begin receiving auntie's rewards points? you will begin receiving auntie's rewards points on the order you place that contains the auntie's beader's advantage subscription. every item you purcahse in this order will accrue auntie's rewards points (with the exception of the $30 auntie's beader's advantage subscription purchase). every order you place after this for the next 12 months will accrue auntie's rewards points as well. you're ready to start earning literally as soon as you become an auntie's beader's advantage member! (back to top) 19. does auntie’s beads contribute to charities or provide special pricing for non-profit organizations? yearly, auntie’s beads selects the organizations that we support financially and with our time. we donate to our designated organizations all throughout the year. (back to top) 20. why can't i view all the images on your site? the problem with viewing images usually stems from a setting in mcafee security center on windows xp. mcafee security center has a bug which causes it to classify legitimate sites with a large number of images as advertisements. this will stop the images on the page from loading. here's how to fix the issue: open mcaffee security center select privacy service select configure privacy service options click on the block ads tab de-select "block ads" on this computer (back to top) 21. do you have a return policy? yes. to view our return policy in full, click here. please remember that items purchase from any clearance or discontinued items category may not be returned under any circumstance. also, products redeemed with rewards points from the auntie's beader's advantage program may not be returned. we do, however, accept returns on most other items. please view the return policy to see a full list of restricted items and restrictions. (back to top) design questions: order questions: product suggestions: designer@auntiesbeads.com customercare@auntiesbeads.com purchasing@auntiesbeads.com customer care: 1-866-26beads links links ii copyright 2002-2008 auntie's beads, inc.