来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20211216101616/https://www.aedsuperstore.com/terms-conditions
================================================================================

standard terms and conditions free shipping on online orders of $99+* 800-544-0048 customer service chat faqs my account (0) cart menu aeds shop aeds by brand cardiac science defibtech heartsine philips physio-control zoll shop aed value packages small business school & community corporate complete mobile responder aviation worship pre-owned aeds pre-owned aeds are a great alternative to new devices for customers on a tight budget. aed accessories shop aed accessories by brand burdick cardiac science cu medical defibtech heartsine laerdal medtronic mrl philips healthcare physio-control survivalink welch allyn zoll shop aed batteries shop aed pads aed refresh packs aed cabinets signs, decals, posters, pins & check tags rescue products aed & cpr rescue kits allergy emergencies bag valve masks bleeding control blood pressure monitoring cardiac screening choking rescue aids compact suction units cpr barrier keychains cpr masks, shields & barriers cpr rescue aids emergency oxygen eyewash & eyewash stations fire safety first aid kits first responder supplies pulse oximeters training products aha ecc course materials aha 2020 course materials aha 2020 guidelines instructor packages aha digital products heartsaver® course materials bls course materials acls course materials pals course materials pears® course materials neonatal resuscitation program® aha accessories aed training units cardiac science defibtech heartsine laerdal philips healthcare physio-control prestan wnl zoll cpr manikins act+fast ambu brayden cae healthcare cpr prompt laerdal life/form nasco healthcare prestan ruth lee simulaids wnl products cpr manikin accessories airways carry bags/cases clickers/chest springs cpr manikin skins cpr manikin torso/limbs cpr monitor parts/products cpr training masks cpr training valves face shields heads/faces/necks lung/head bags manikin wipes/cleaners miscellaneous products manikin catalog a complete listing of all cpr and specialty manikins available through aed superstore. clearance training products cpr training aed & cpr training classes american red cross training als als defibrillators philips healthcare philips tempus heartstart mrx (ems) heartstart mrx (hospital) heartstart xl heartstart xl+ physio-control lifepak 15 lifepak 20e zoll medical e series m series m series cct r series als accessories philips healthcare philips tempus heartstart mrx (ems) heartstart mrx (hospital) heartstart xl heartstart xl+ physio-control lifepak 12 lifepak 15 lifepak 20e zoll medical e series m series m series cct r series 900/1200/1400/2000 series ultrasound philips healthcare lumify aed management arch™ medical direction and program management aedstatus™ remote monitoring protective equipment gloves nitrile powder-free exam gloves chemo-rated nitrile exam gloves vinyl gloves air purifiers air purifiers replacement supplies hand sanitizers masks protection kits protective clothing disinfectant spray disinfectant wipes thermometers other sharps containers clearance protective equipment aed buyer's guide homestandard terms and conditions standard terms and conditions condition of purchase. to the extent there is not already an existing contract signed by you (“customer”) relating to the sale of services and products (collectively, “products”), the return policy and these standard terms and conditions comprise the complete and final agreement (the “contract documents”) relating to the purchase of product by customer from company. company expressly rejects any terms or conditions contained in customer’s purchase order, or any other document or instrument issued by customer that is not agreed to in writing by company. all purchase orders are subject to acceptance by company. quotations and pricing. prices shown on published price lists, in a catalog, on a website, in a quote, or any other literature issued by company do not represent unconditional offers to sell and are subject to change without notice. payment terms and taxes. payments for each order shall be made in u.s. dollars net 30 days from the date of invoice and shall be made via check, money order, wire transfer or ach. unless specified otherwise on the face of the invoice, customer shall be responsible for all federal, state, and local taxes, including income, excise, use, and sales taxes, and customs and import duties. accounts delinquent over 30 days will be charged at a rate the lesser of (i) 2% per month (or 24% per annum) or (ii) the maximum amount permitted by law. accounts past due 45 days revert to c.o.d status. delivery and shipping. all delivery/performance dates are approximate and shall not be deemed to represent fixed or guaranteed delivery dates. company will use reasonable efforts to meet the indicated delivery dates but shall not be held liable for any loss or damage caused by delay resulting from labor disputes, damage, damage to facilities, failure of contractors, subcontractors, or suppliers to fulfill scheduled deliveries, or any other cause outside company’s reasonable control or causes which make company’s performance commercially impracticable. all products shall be shipped fob origin, freight pre-paid and added to invoice, with customer being responsible for freight and all other shipment and delivery costs, including, without limitation, packaging, carrier costs, and additional cost for expedited shipments. any purchase orders previously accepted by company may be canceled at any time upon notice to customer. for international shipments, customer will be responsible for clearing products for import and export outside of the united states. in addition, customer shall remain responsible for (i) any and all shipping, freight and transportation costs; and (ii) licensing, fees, taxes, duties, assessments, paperwork, clearance of products for import. training. customer may cancel training by providing company with written notice at least 72 hours prior to the date of scheduled training. if customer provides notice less than 72 hours prior to the date of training, customer will be changed the full price based on the estimated number of students booked as follows: 1-10 estimated students – customer will be charged for 8 students 11-20 estimated students – customer will be charged for 16 students >21 estimated students – customer will be charged for the total number of students customer estimated. returns. product returns will be subject to company’s then current return policy which can be found on company’s website (“return policy”). company reserves the right to modify its return policy at any time without notice. incentives. customer acknowledges that any incentive, discount, rebate, or reward offered under this agreement may constitute a discount or reduction in price subject to section 1128b(b)(3)(a) of the social security act 42 u.s.c. 1320a-7b(b)(3)(a). customer agrees that it shall disclose any such discounts or reductions in price under all state or federal programs that provides cost or charge-based reimbursement to the customer for the products covered by this agreement compliance with laws. customer warrants that: (i) it will comply with all applicable laws, statues, rules, and regulations, including the u.s. foreign corrupt practices act; (ii) it is not in violation of any laws relating to terrorism or money laundering; and (iii) it does not sell products to “prohibited persons” as defined by the u.s. federal government or to any person or entity who is, or is affiliated with, a designated terrorist, or is associated with terrorism or money laundering. in addition, customer represents that all purchases under the contract documents are for customer’s “own use” and will not be sold or distributed to a third-party. warranty. any warranty on the products are those of the manufacturer and not of company. company offers no expressed or implied warranties, including but not limited to any warranty of merchantibilty or fitness for a particular purpose. this section shall also apply to both products and equipment, if any, placed under any rewards/free use program offered by company. unless otherwise noted on an invoice issued by company, products recertified by company carry the following warranty: three (3) year warranty from the date of shipment for parts and labor on automated external defibrillators (aed). one (1) year warranty on all other recertified products from the date of shipment for parts and labor, unless otherwise noted on the invoice. ninety (90) day warranty on all repairs and service performed on products from the date of shipment for replaced or repaired parts and workmanship. company will repair or replace, at company’s sole discretion, a recertified product at no cost to customer so long as: (i) customer has followed the product’s instructions for use and service manuals; (ii) has written evidence to show maintenance records; and (iii) the damage was not caused by customer’s misuse or neglect. replacement parts may, at company’s sole discretion, be new, used, reconditioned or refurbished. in the event company elects to replace a product, the replacement unit may, at company’s sole discretion, be new, used, reconditioned or recertified so long as the replacement unit is functionally equivalent as the original recertified product. repaired or replaced products are warranted for the remaining portion of the original recertified product’s warranty period. any warranty on recertified products do not apply to consumables and wear and tear items and accessories with expiration dates, such as batteries, pads, and carry cases. customer’s exclusive remedy for breach of any warranty or for any breach of the contract documents shall be, at company’s option, to repair or replace the product, offer a credit or offer a refund. limitation of liability. company shall not be liable for lost profits, indirect, incidental, consequential, exemplary, punitive or special damages. medical disclaimer. company shall not be responsible for any liabilities arising out of the failure of customer to comply with applicable laws and regulations. customer shall ensure that all products, whether purchased from company or a third party, are maintained in accordance with manufacturer guidelines and in accordance with local and state laws, to the extent applicable. this includes properly maintaining aed units, conducting regular readiness checks, and ensuring aed equipment has current electrode pads and batteries. nothing herein shall imply that company will be responsible or liable for customer’s failure to properly manage and maintain its aed equipment. many aeds require a prescription to purchase. company provides prescriptions free-of-charge where applicable and includes a copy with your order. the prescription facilitates the purchase of your aed, but may not meet all federal, state, or local requirements for deploying the aed on your premises. by accepting the prescription(s) and aed, you agree to be responsible for complying with all legal requirements for aed placement. this includes, but is not limited to, medical control and oversight, ongoing cpr/aed training, event review, policy and procedure updates, equipment maintenance, and ongoing aed program compliance. some states require those who purchase aeds to obtain medical direction and oversight for their aed programs to quality for benefits of local good samaritan laws. upon request, company has compliance assistance programs with respect to such laws. eeo compliance. customer agrees to comply with all federal, state and local laws respecting discrimination in employment and non-segregation of facilities including, but not limited to, requirements set out at 41 cfr 60 – 1.4. customer shall abide by the requirements of 41 cfr 60-300.5(a). this regulation prohibits discrimination against qualified veterans, and requires affirmative action by covered prime contractors and subcontractors to employ and advance in employment qualified protected veterans. customer shall abide by the requirements of 41 cfr 60-741.5(a). this regulation prohibits discrimination against qualified individuals on the basis of disability, and requires affirmative action by covered prime contractors and subcontractors to employ and advance in employment qualified individuals with disabilities. force majeure. in the event that either party is prevented from performing or is unable to perform any of its obligations under the contract documents (other than payment of amounts due hereunder) due to any act of god, fire, casualty, flood, war, strike, lockout, epidemic, destruction of facilities, riot, insurrection, or any other cause beyond the reasonable control of the party invoking this section, such party’s performance shall be excused and the time for the performance shall be extended for the period of the delay or inability to perform due to such occurrences. waiver of jury trial. customer agrees to waive any right to have a jury participate in the resolution of the dispute or claim, whether sounding in contract, tort or otherwise, between any of the parties or any of their respective affiliates arising out of, connected with, related to or incidental to this agreement. governing law. these standard terms and conditions will be governed by and construed in accordance with the applicable laws of ohio, without giving effect to the principles of that state relating to conflicts of laws. each party irrevocably agrees that any legal action, suit or proceeding brought by it in any way arising out of this agreement must be brought solely and exclusively in, and will be subject to the service of process and other applicable procedural rules of, the state or federal courts in columbus, ohio. miscellaneous. no course of dealing between the parties or any waiver of a breach of any provision of the contract documents shall constitute a waiver of any other breach of such provision. should any provision of the contract documents be held invalid or unenforceable, the remaining terms will remain in full force and effect, consistent with the terms of the contract documents taken as a whole. each party shall be deemed an independent contractor of the other. neither party shall be deemed an agent of the other. revised 20210909 latest news and product info right to your inbox aed superstore careers gsa/va supplier order form privacy policy reviews security policy customer service contact us customer service shipping credit application order tracking return policy terms and conditions resources aed battery recycling aed blog aed buyer's guide aed laws aed newsletter signup aed pre-owned aed packages aed resource center programs aed trade-in program grant program leasing program scholarship program stay in touch 800-544-0048 aed superstore 1800 us hwy 51 n woodruff, wi 54568-9558 aed superstore, an allied 100, llc company ©2002-2021 aed superstore. all rights reserved. 0 items your cart is empty!