来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20231209103103/https://www.aedsuperstore.com/privacy-policy.html
================================================================================

privacy policy free shipping on online orders of $99+* 800-544-0048 faqs my account (0) cart menu aeds shop aeds by brand cardiac science defibtech heartsine philips physio-control zoll best aeds help me choose shop aed value packages small business aeds school & community aeds corporate aeds complete aeds mobile responder aeds aviation aeds church aeds home aeds sports aeds help me choose pre-owned aeds pre-owned aeds are a great alternative to new devices for customers on a tight budget. aed accessories adult pads philips heartstart pads m5071a philips frx pads philips fr3 pads lifeline aed pads lifeline view adult aed pads zoll aed 3 bls pads zoll aed plus pads powerheart g5 pads powerheart g3 pads powerheart g3 pro pads heartsine 350p aed pad-pak heartsine 450p aed pad-pak physio-control lifepak cr2 pads lifepak cr plus aed pads lifepak 1000 aed pads pediatric pads philips heartstart infant pads philips frx infant pads / key philips fr3 infant pads / key lifeline pediatric aed pads lifeline view pediatric aed pads zoll aed 3 pediatric pads zoll aed plus pediatric pads zoll aed pro pediatric pads powerheart g5 pediatric pads powerheart g3 pediatric pads powerheart g3 pro pediatric pads heartsine 350p pediatric pad-pak heartsine 450p pediatric pad-pak lifepak cr2 pads lifepak cr plus pediatric pads lifepak 1000 pediatric pads aed batteries philips m5070a heartstart battery philips fr3 aed battery lifeline aed battery lifeline view aed battery zoll aed 3 battery zoll aed plus battery zoll aed pro battery powerheart g5 battery powerheart g3 battery heartsine 350p battery heartsine 450p battery lifepak cr2 aed battery lifepak cr plus battery lifepak 1000 battery aed pads aed cases aed refresh packs aed cabinets signs, decals, posters, pins & check tags rescue products aed & cpr rescue kits allergy emergencies bag valve masks bleeding control cardiac screening choking rescue aids compact suction units cpr barrier keychains cpr masks, shields & barriers cpr rescue aids emergency oxygen eyewash & eyewash stations fire safety first aid kits first responder supplies pulse oximeters training products aha ecc course materials aha 2020 course materials aha 2020 guidelines instructor packages aha digital products heartsaver® course materials bls course materials acls course materials pals course materials pears® course materials neonatal resuscitation program® aha accessories aed training units cardiac science defibtech heartsine laerdal philips healthcare physio-control prestan wnl zoll cpr manikins act+fast ambu brayden cae healthcare cpr prompt laerdal life/form nasco healthcare prestan simulaids wnl products cpr manikin accessories airways carry bags/cases clickers/chest springs cpr manikin skins cpr manikin torso/limbs cpr monitor parts/products cpr training masks cpr training valves face shields heads/faces/necks lung/head bags manikin wipes/cleaners miscellaneous products manikin catalog a complete listing of all cpr and specialty manikins available through aed superstore. clearance training products cpr training aed & cpr training classes american red cross training aed management arch™ medical direction and program management aedstatus™ remote monitoring coupons aed adviser™ homeprivacy policy privacy policy effective date: july 1, 2023introductionaedsuperstore is owned and operated by sarnova. this privacy notice is specific to aedsuperstore. aedsuperstore ("aedsuperstore", "we," "us," "our") is committed to respecting the privacy of our users and to protecting the information you provide to us. this online privacy notice applies to information about you obtained through www.aedsuperstore (the "website").this notice describes how we may collect, use, and disclose such information; the choices available to you regarding our use of your information; how we safeguard the information we collect; and how to contact us with any questions regarding our privacy practices. by accessing or otherwise using any of the website, you agree to the collection, use, disclosure practices and other activities as described in this policy.if you are visiting the website from the european union or european economic area, you may review your rights and our privacy practices here.information we collectinformation you provide to aedsuperstorein order to provide you with particular services, we may ask you to provide certain information to us. personal information that you submit through our website may include contact information, such as your name, email address, postal address, phone number, job title, and employer. we may also collect account and login information, such as your username, password, security questions, and basic details about your account. some forms on the website may require you to provide certain information in order to submit the form. you may elect to not provide this information but doing so may prevent you from using or accessing those features.in order to access some of our services or purchase our products, you may also be required to provide us with payment information, including credit card number, billing address, shipping address, and other information necessary to complete a purchase. aedsuperstore takes great care to protect this information and is compliant with the payment card industry data security standards (pci dss). aedsuperstore also does not store payment card information after it has been processed for order fulfillment purposes.we collect the aforementioned personal information from you so that we can serve you better, and so that we can provide you with customized services. for example, we may ask you to provide certain personal information when you wish to purchase a product, when you request a repair service, or when you subscribe to one of our newsletters. should you choose to enroll in our voluntary rewards program, we will use your basic contact information to track your purchases and accumulate points to your account. we also use the information you provide us to initiate returns, issue product safety notices, and communicate with you.you may also provide us with information when you send us messages or inquiries, or when you apply for a job with us. please note that any personal information provided to aedsuperstore in a message format (e.g. through a "contact us" form) will be used only for the purpose of responding to your message.information automatically collectedaedsuperstore may also automatically collect certain information about you when you access or use the website ("usage information"). usage information may include your device identifier, ip address, browser type, location (country only), operating system, and other information regarding your use of the website.we may obtain this usage information through the following means:·       log information. log information is data about your use of the website, such as ip address, browser type, internet service provider, operating system, date/time stamps, and related data. log information may be stored in log files.·       information collected by cookies and other tracking technologies. cookies, web beacons or "tracking pixels," embedded scripts, location-identifying technologies (country only), device recognition solutions, and other tracking technologies ("tracking technologies") may be used to collect information about your interactions with the website. brief descriptions of these tracking technologies are provided below.cookiescookies are small text files that may be stored on your computer, smart phone, or tablet when you access the website. this information can be read by the website when you return to them. aedsuperstore uses cookies to speed up your future visits by storing preferences and login information you provide, and to support a better experience through tailored content. in addition, cookies provide statistical and other information to aedsuperstore about how the website is used in order for aedsuperstore to monitor access and use of the sites, assess the effectiveness of particular content, and suggest areas for improvement.while these cookies alone do not allow us to personally identify visitors to the website, information collected by cookies may be used to streamline communications with our clients and customers by facilitating targeted content, such as suggested products, consistent with users’ presumed preferences and this privacy notice.cookies may remain on your hard drive for an extended period of time. the website may associate some or all of these cookies with your device(s). if you use your browser’s method of blocking or removing cookies, some but not all types of cookies may be deleted and/or blocked and as a result, some features of the website may not be available. for more information about cookies, visit: https://www.aboutcookies.org/.web beacons ("tracking pixels")web beacons are small graphic images, also known as "internet tags" or "clear gifs," embedded in web pages. web beacons may be used, without limitation, to count the number of visitors to the website, to monitor how users navigate the website, and to count content views.embedded scriptsan embedded script is programming code designed to collect information about your interactions with the website. it is temporarily downloaded onto your computer from our web server, or from a third party with which we work, and is active only while you are connected to the website. it is deleted or deactivated once you are no longer connected.device recognition technologiestechnologies, including application of statistical probability to data sets, as well as linking a common unique identifier to different device use (e.g., facebook id), which attempt to recognize or make assumptions about users and devices (e.g., that a user of multiple devices is the same user or household).location-identifying technologiesgps (global positioning systems) software, geo-filtering and other location-aware technologies locate (sometimes precisely) you for purposes such as verifying your location and delivering or restricting content based on your location. our content may be personalized based on various information we may have about you to try to provide you with more location-relevant content.some information regarding your use of the website and certain third-party services may be collected by tracking technologies across time and across our different services. aedsuperstore and third parties may use this information to assist you with account log-ins, to track and accumulate your loyalty points, and to offer you products we think may interest you.apart from collecting usage information, we do not automatically collect information from users who are visiting public areas of the website and who do not affirmatively provide us with more information. this usage information is used exclusively for internal purposes, such as analysis of clickstream data and website optimization.information obtained from third parties in limited circumstances, we may obtain information about you from service providers, business partners, or other third parties. for example, we may obtain job applicant data from linkedin, glassdoor, and other career platforms where we have posted listings.how we share your informationthird party providersaedsuperstore may share information about you (including, without limitation, personal information we collect) for any purposes not inconsistent with this privacy policy or our statements at the point of collection, and not prohibited by applicable law. in general, we use your information to provide you access to the website and its services, to optimize and improve the website, to tailor features to your preferences, to communicate with you, and to offer you information, opportunities, promotions, and increased functionality. in order to do these things, we may disclose your personal information to third parties that we use to provide some of the services on or through the website. for example, we may use third parties to help us analyze site visitor and associated usage information, to facilitate customer service, to conduct promotional email campaigns, conduct customer surveys for internal use, and to help us optimize the website. we may also share payment card and other necessary information with an outside payment processor.service providers are not permitted to use personal information received from us, except as necessary to provide the relevant services to aedsuperstore. we do not share personal information with third parties to use for their own purposes (e.g. marketing).other necessary circumstanceswe may also disclose your personal information if we believe, in our sole discretion, that such disclosure is necessary and/or appropriate in the following circumstances:to comply with relevant laws or to respond to subpoenas or court orders served on us;to respond to requests from government agencies, including law enforcement authorities;in connection with an investigation of fraud, intellectual property infringements, or other activity that is or may be illegal, or which may expose us, our service or content providers, or you to possible legal liability;if we believe your actions are inconsistent with our user agreements, applicable terms, or policies; orto protect the rights, property, life, health, security, or safety of aedsuperstore, the website, users of the website, or any third party.in the event we sell or transfer a portion of our business assets (e.g. in the course of a merger, reorganization, liquidation, or any other business transaction, including negotiations of such transactions), we reserve the right to disclose any information we obtain through the website. you acknowledge that such transfers may occur and are permitted by and subject to this privacy policy.links to third-party sitesaedsuperstore’s website may contain links to other websites, including those of third-party organizations which are separate from aedsuperstore. aedsuperstore is not responsible for the content, privacy practices, or data collection practices of those sites. we encourage you to read the applicable terms and privacy policies before using those linked sites.social featurescertain features of the website permit you to initiate interactions between the website and third-party services, such as social networks ("social features"). social features include features that allow you to click to and access our facebook page, and from there, to "like" or "share" our content located on the facebook platform. we may also have features that otherwise connect the website to a third-party service (e.g., to push or pull information to or from the website). if you use social features, and potentially other third-party services, information you post or otherwise provide access to may be publicly displayed by the third-party service you use. both aedsuperstore and the third party may have access to certain information about you and your use of the website and the third-party service.please note that aedsuperstore does not control who will have access to the information that you choose to make available to others on our third-party pages and cannot ensure that parties who have access to such information will respect your privacy or keep it secure. we are not responsible for the protection, accuracy, use or misuse of any information that you disclose to or receive from third parties through our third-party pages.advertising and analyticswe may serve advertisements on the website and/or on third-party services, which may be targeted based upon cookie data or other information we have obtained about you through means described herein.we may use google analytics, informz web tracking, hotjar, or similar tools to help us analyze and assess user interaction with the website. these analytics services may use cookies and other tracking technologies to gather information about you and other users. information collected or generated by these services (e.g., your ip address and other usage information) may be transmitted to and stored by these service providers, who may in turn use this information for purposes such as evaluating your use of the website, compiling statistical reports on the website’s activity, and providing other services relating to website activity and other internet usage.your choicesemail communicationsshould you choose not to receive promotional emails from aedsuperstore or any of its affiliate entities listed above, you may opt out of receiving additional promotional email communications from us by following the unsubscribe link at the bottom of our emails. you may also contact us directly at [email protected]. please note that even if you opt out of receiving promotional communications from us, we may continue to send you non-promotional emails, such as those related to your orders or product inquiries.tracking technologiesregular cookies may generally be disabled or removed using tools available as part of most commercial browsers, and in some instances may be blocked in the future by configuring certain browser settings. browsers offer different functionalities and options, so these may need to be set separately. tools from commercial browsers may also not be effective with regard to flash cookies (also known as locally shared objects), html5 cookies, or other tracking technologies. for information on disabling flash cookies, please visit here. please be aware that if you disable or remove these technologies, some aspects of the website’s functionality may be limited.your browser settings may also allow you to transmit a "do not track" signal when you visit various websites. like many websites, this website is not configured to respond to "do not track" signals received from browsers. to learn more about "do not track" signals, please click here.analytics and interest-based advertisingyou may exercise certain choices regarding the use of google analytics cookies by visiting this page, or downloading the google analytics opt-out browser add-on.securityaedsuperstore takes reasonable measures to protect your information from loss, theft, misuse, unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration, and destruction. our secure server uses advanced encryption and firewall technology to keep your personal information private. our secure server layer (ssl) software completely encrypts the information you input so that it cannot be read as it travels to our ordering system. we have extremely strong security measures in place to protect against the loss, misuse, or alteration of your information while it is in our control. however, aedsuperstore cannot guarantee "perfect security" and cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to us or others through the website. such information is transmitted at your own risk.children’s privacy rightsthe website is not intended for, nor targeted to, children under 13. we do not knowingly or intentionally collect information from children under 13. if we learn that we have received information directly from a child who is under the age of 13, we will delete the information in accordance with applicable law.california privacy rightswe do not share personal information as defined by california civil code section 1798.83 ("shine the light law") with third parties for their direct marketing purposes.international usersif you are visiting the website from outside the united states, please be aware that aedsuperstore is based in the u.s. and the information we collect will be transferred to, processed, and stored on our servers in the united states. the data protection laws and regulations applicable to your personal data transferred to the united states may be different from the laws in your country of residence.amendmentsaedsuperstore reserves the right to change this privacy notice at any time. the revised notice will be effective at the time of posting to the website.questions and concernsif you have questions regarding this policy, or if you believe that aedsuperstore has handled your personal information in a manner that does not comply with this policy, please notify us by email at [email protected] or by mail at:aedsuperstore5000 tuttle crossing blvd.dublin, oh 43016 sign up bonus of 10% off when you subscribe to our email list aed superstore careers code of conduct gsa/va supplier order form privacy policy reviews security policy customer service contact us request a quote customer service shipping credit application order tracking return policy terms and conditions resources aed battery recycling aed blog aed buyer's guide aed laws aed newsletter signup aed pre-owned aed packages aed resource center coupons programs aed trade-in program grant program leasing program scholarship program stay in touch 800-544-0048 aed superstore 1800 us hwy 51 n woodruff, wi 54568-9558 aed superstore, a cardio partners, inc. company ©2002-2023 aed superstore. all rights reserved. items qty price [item_name] [item_quantity] [item_price] subtotal: $0 view cart checkout your cart is empty! items qty. price subtotal: view cart top 0 items