来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20161210174009/http://www.als.com/termsandconditionsnew.aspx
================================================================================

terms and conditionfree shipping on orders over $45 from als.com! shopbloggun range cart: 0 items free shipping on orders over $45 | 1-435-554-8257 my account login / register wish list men's apparel hoodies shirts pants shorts underwear swimwear footwear casual shoes running shoes athletic shoes athletic cleats winter boots hiking & backpacking hunting boots climbing shoes skate shoes sandals socks shoe accessories outerwear casual jackets down insulated jackets softshell jackets ski & snowboard jackets ski & snowboard pants rain jackets rain pants accessories hats sunglasses beanies gloves watches belts women's apparel hoodies tops pants shorts skirts & dresses underwear & bras swimwear footwear casual shoes running shoes athletic cleats athletic shoes winter boots hiking & backpacking climbing shoes hunting boots sandals socks shoe accessories outerwear casual jackets down insulated jackets softshell jackets ski & snowboard jackets ski & snowboard pants rain jackets accessories headbands sunglasses hats beanies gloves watches scarves belts kids' boys hoodies tops pants shorts outerwear footwear underwear swimwear girls hoodies tops pants shorts outerwear footwear underwear swimwear toddler & infant shoes outerwear apparel accessories gloves socks hats camp & hike hiking packs & bags trekking poles lighting footwear electronics & navigation camping tents footprints sleeping bags sleeping pads backpacking packs shelters camping pillows bivy sacks outdoor cooking stoves & grills pots & pans utensils plates & bowls camp food coolers hike & camp accessories furniture lighting first aid duffel bag water purification knives & multitools accessories climbing accessories books chalk chalk bags chalk bag belts rope bags strength aids helmets quickdraws, carabiners & belay devices alpine draws carabiners belay devices natural protection cams stoppers & nuts ascenders descenders slings, cord & ropes climbing ropes slings daisy chains bulk cordage bouldering pads holds training boards ice & alpine crampons alpine axes harnesses mens womens childrens shoes mens womens childrens hunt & fish hunting & shooting equipment ammunition reloading gun cleaning gun storage firearm accessories shooting protection shooting accessories game calls decoys airguns hunting knives dog training hunting apparel men's hunting apparel women's hunting apparel youth hunting apparel hunting gloves footwear headwear game vest fishing rods reels fishing line bait & attractant terminal tackle tackle storage ice fishing nets electronics trolling equipment fishing apparel waders wader boots vests & packs outerwear tops pants hats gloves fly fishing fly rods fly reels fly line fly tying fly fishing tackle accessories archery bows bow accessories arrows points & broadheads blinds & treestands archery targets bow fishing optics binoculars riflescopes rangefinders spotting scopes tripods & mounts trail cameras accessories rings & bases packs hunting packs tactical packs game bags range bags binocular harness athletics baseball & softball bats gloves & mitts apparel cleats batting gloves batting helmets baseballs & softballs catchers equipment umpire equipment accessories training aids soccer cleats / shoes balls socks shin guards goalie gloves accessories training aids basketball footwear apparel socks basketballs accessories football cleats gloves footballs protective gear accessories lacrosse sticks shafts heads cleats apparel helmets & protective gear accessories training aids golf apparel clubs balls golf sets accessories training aids more sports hockey volleyball running wrestling table tennis sports medicine racquet sports track & field lawn games billiard referee & umpire shop boxing exercise wintersports accessories helmets goggles gloves & mittens beanies wintersports packs action cameras avalanche safety roof racks ski poles ski/snowboard bag ski & snowboard maintenance alpine skiing alpine skis alpine ski bindings alpine ski boots backcountry skiing alpine touring boots avalanche safety climbing skins abs based packs snowboard snowboards bindings boots accessories cross-country ski xc poles xc skis xc bindings xc boots snowshoes touring snowshoes ascent snowshoes kid's snowshoes watersports pfd & accessories personal flotation devices (pfd) wetsuits gloves bags pumps canoe transportation water skiing water skis ropes & handles gloves water ski bindings bags wakesport wakeboards wakesurf wakeskate ropes & handles bindings bags boating ballast bags oars & paddles kneeboards swimming snorkeling float aids lap swimming goggles accessories inflatables towables rafts mattresses pumps bike bikes mountain bikes road bikes comfort / hybrid bikes cruiser bikes youth bikes bike parts tires tubes handlebars & grips pedals wheels saddles derailleurs brakes chains seat posts training wheels bike apparel men's tops men's bottoms women's tops women's bottoms men's shoes women's shoes socks bike accessories helmets gloves bike computers sunglasses lights bike trailers child carriers hydration theft prevention nutrition trainers seat bags fenders vehicle racks bike carriers boxes, cargo bags bike care lubrication tools flat repair brands arc'teryx black diamond camelbak cannondale coleman columbia gregory hurley jetboil kelty kuhl mountain hardwear msr osprey patagonia specialized the north face thule trek under armour volcom yakima yeti al's men's apparel hoodies shirts pants shorts underwear swimwear footwear casual shoes running shoes athletic shoes athletic cleats winter boots hiking & backpacking hunting boots climbing shoes skate shoes sandals socks shoe accessories outerwear casual jackets down insulated jackets softshell jackets ski & snowboard jackets ski & snowboard pants rain jackets rain pants accessories hats sunglasses beanies gloves watches belts women's apparel hoodies tops pants shorts skirts & dresses underwear & bras swimwear footwear casual shoes running shoes athletic cleats athletic shoes winter boots hiking & backpacking climbing shoes hunting boots sandals socks shoe accessories outerwear casual jackets down insulated jackets softshell jackets ski & snowboard jackets ski & snowboard pants rain jackets accessories headbands sunglasses hats beanies gloves watches scarves belts kids' boys hoodies tops pants shorts outerwear footwear underwear swimwear girls hoodies tops pants shorts outerwear footwear underwear swimwear toddler & infant shoes outerwear apparel accessories gloves socks hats camp & hike hiking packs & bags trekking poles lighting footwear electronics & navigation camping tents footprints sleeping bags sleeping pads backpacking packs shelters camping pillows bivy sacks outdoor cooking stoves & grills pots & pans utensils plates & bowls camp food coolers hike & camp accessories furniture lighting first aid duffel bag water purification knives & multitools accessories climbing accessories books chalk chalk bags chalk bag belts rope bags strength aids helmets quickdraws, carabiners & belay devices alpine draws carabiners belay devices natural protection cams stoppers & nuts ascenders descenders slings, cord & ropes climbing ropes slings daisy chains bulk cordage bouldering pads holds training boards ice & alpine crampons alpine axes harnesses mens womens childrens shoes mens womens childrens hunt & fish hunting & shooting equipment ammunition reloading gun cleaning gun storage firearm accessories shooting protection shooting accessories game calls decoys airguns hunting knives dog training hunting apparel men's hunting apparel women's hunting apparel youth hunting apparel hunting gloves footwear headwear game vest fishing rods reels fishing line bait & attractant terminal tackle tackle storage ice fishing nets electronics trolling equipment fishing apparel waders wader boots vests & packs outerwear tops pants hats gloves fly fishing fly rods fly reels fly line fly tying fly fishing tackle accessories archery bows bow accessories arrows points & broadheads blinds & treestands archery targets bow fishing optics binoculars riflescopes rangefinders spotting scopes tripods & mounts trail cameras accessories rings & bases packs hunting packs tactical packs game bags range bags binocular harness athletics baseball & softball bats gloves & mitts apparel cleats batting gloves batting helmets baseballs & softballs catchers equipment umpire equipment accessories training aids soccer cleats / shoes balls socks shin guards goalie gloves accessories training aids basketball footwear apparel socks basketballs accessories football cleats gloves footballs protective gear accessories lacrosse sticks shafts heads cleats apparel helmets & protective gear accessories training aids golf apparel clubs balls golf sets accessories training aids more sports hockey volleyball running wrestling table tennis sports medicine racquet sports track & field lawn games billiard referee & umpire shop boxing exercise wintersports accessories helmets goggles gloves & mittens beanies wintersports packs action cameras avalanche safety roof racks ski poles ski/snowboard bag ski & snowboard maintenance alpine skiing alpine skis alpine ski bindings alpine ski boots backcountry skiing alpine touring boots avalanche safety climbing skins abs based packs snowboard snowboards bindings boots accessories cross-country ski xc poles xc skis xc bindings xc boots snowshoes touring snowshoes ascent snowshoes kid's snowshoes watersports pfd & accessories personal flotation devices (pfd) wetsuits gloves bags pumps canoe transportation water skiing water skis ropes & handles gloves water ski bindings bags wakesport wakeboards wakesurf wakeskate ropes & handles bindings bags boating ballast bags oars & paddles kneeboards swimming snorkeling float aids lap swimming goggles accessories inflatables towables rafts mattresses pumps bike bikes mountain bikes road bikes comfort / hybrid bikes cruiser bikes youth bikes bike parts tires tubes handlebars & grips pedals wheels saddles derailleurs brakes chains seat posts training wheels bike apparel men's tops men's bottoms women's tops women's bottoms men's shoes women's shoes socks bike accessories helmets gloves bike computers sunglasses lights bike trailers child carriers hydration theft prevention nutrition trainers seat bags fenders vehicle racks bike carriers boxes, cargo bags bike care lubrication tools flat repair brands arc'teryx black diamond camelbak cannondale coleman columbia gregory hurley jetboil kelty kuhl mountain hardwear msr osprey patagonia specialized the north face thule trek under armour volcom yakima yeti save 20% off regular priced items use code santa20 | exclusions offer: take 20% off of your entire order exclusions: offer valid for 20% off regular priced item. offer valid for a limited time. discount applies to eligible items in shopping cart. offer not valid on special orders, package discounts, prior purchases or gift certificates. offer is limited to stock on hand; offer is nontransferable and is not redeemable for cash. not valid for in store purchases including bikes. may not be combined with any other discount or offer. brands such as gopro, nixon, bear archery, the north face, msr, platypus, therm-a-rest, brooks, campchef, e-case, sealline, stx, packtowl and garmin are excluded from this promo code oversize products requiring large shipping fees are also excluded from this promo code for questions, contact a als.com by calling 1-435-752-5151 or by emailing us at customerservice@als.com how do i redeem the coupon code? add all the gear that you've ever wanted to your cart go to your checkout page enter santa20 into the discount/coupon code box click the redeem button watch the price fall 20% purchase see package on porch and get that "i'm so excited" feeling enjoy your gear save 20% on regular priced items use code santa20 | exclusions offer: take 20% off of your entire order exclusions: offer valid for 20% off regular priced item. offer valid for a limited time. discount applies to eligible items in shopping cart. offer not valid on special orders, package discounts, prior purchases or gift certificates. offer is limited to stock on hand; offer is nontransferable and is not redeemable for cash. not valid on in store purchases including bikes. may not be combined with any other discount or offer. brands such as gopro, nixon, bear archery, the north face, msr, platypus, therm-a-rest, e-case, sealline, stx, brooks, packtowl and garmin are excluded from this promo code oversize products requiring large shipping fees are also excluded from this promo code for questions, contact a als.com by calling 1-435-752-5151 or by emailing us at customerservice@als.com how do i redeem the coupon code? add all the gear that you've ever wanted to your cart go to your checkout page enter santa20 into the discount/coupon code box click the redeem button watch the price fall 20% purchase see package on porch and get that "i'm so excited" feeling enjoy your gear acceptance of terms access to als.com or any other sites part of the als.com network is provided by als sporting goods inc. for the enjoyment and use of our customers. by accessing our site (or browsing, using our site in frames, linking and/or any other activity that relates to our site) you become a user (defined herein) and agree to be bound by the terms of this agreement. also, certain areas of the site might have special pricing, products or content that will require you to be subject to any posted guidelines, terms of service, rules or contractual provisions as noted or otherwise implied when accessing said areas. this agreement acts as the governing document of any other agreement, rule, policy or terms of service at als.com. if you have questions about this agreement please contact als.com at customerservice@als.com before using our site. cookies we use cookies to improve your online experience and personilzation. by continuing to use als.com, you consent to accept our cookies. we will not store any personal data. out of stocks & pricing errors due to various circumstances, there are times when the items ordered are actually out of stock, or are listed at an incorrect price or with incorrect information. if this is the case we promise we are not trying to mislead you. when this is the case we reserve the right to cancel or refuse to fulfill any order that might have been placed for such items. if your credit card has already been charged we will issue a credit to the card in the amount of the charge. again, we're sorry that these type of events happen. oversized shipping if you order an item that doesn't fit in the general sizing guidelines for ups or usps you will be requried to pay an oversized shipping fee. these prices will depend upon the size and the posted rates of the shipping service selected. we do our best to list these shipping charges in the item description, but some items slip through our fingers. users any person using this site in any manner, using any device, shall be deemed a “user” under this agreement. privacy by using this site you have agreed that you have read als.com's privacy policy. you can view our privacy policy here. to sum it up, we promise not to give out your information or use it in anyway that is inappropriate. risk of internet use while als.com will do its best to make sure you have a safe and secure shopping experience you, the user has total responsibility and risk from the use of our site, our network sites, sites that we may link to, or any other use of the internet. to repeat: there are bad people in the world that want to steal your personal information. you must assume complete responsibility and risk for your use of the internet including the use of any als.com content/and or uploads or downloads. you acknowledge that unapproved third parties may intercept uploads or downloads or any other transmissions to or from als.com. you are responsible for all of the risk associated with visiting als.com. site warranty als.com and its associated network sites do not warrant that any of the network sites including but not limited to als.com and alssports.com will meet user requirements or that site service will be uninterrupted or error free. we can't even promise that these defects will be fixed in a timely manner. all content and services on als.com and other stated sites are provided on a 'as available' basis and are given and displayed 'as is' als.com does not, will not, and cannot make any express or implied warranties, representations or endorsements whatsoever (including but not limited to, warranties of title, non-infringment, or implied warrenties of merchanatbility or fitness for any purpose) with regards to any als.com content or services. we'd love to be able to protect you from bad outcome, misunderstanding or other hazard you might experience with us or any other website but unfortunately we cannot. we can however help you find great gear and amazing prices. keep that in mind! also, als.com shall not be liable for any cost or damage arising in any fashion from any transaction entered into through als.com or its other network sites. some states may not permit a disclaimer of implied warranties, if so some of these disclaimers may not matter for you. check with your local law people for find out. check with your local know it alls to find out who your local law people are. check with als.com to find prices that should be illegal! system outages & downtime occationally als.com or its network site will have schedules system downtime for maintenance or other purposes. we try to always have our site online and available for customers as often as we can. however besides the scheduled maintenance-unplanned, and often unwelcome, site outages may occur affecting the whole or parts of the als.com. we wish it wasn't so! we apologize in advance if it happens to you, but we hold and have no liability whatsoever for the resulting downtime and for any loss of data. we know that losing all that stuff you type in sucks! we hate it too! also we have no responsibility if a third party causes outages including web host providers or if the whole internet goes 'boom'. indemnification while this next part isn't; fun it's very important. so pay attention: you agree to indemnify, defend and hold als.com and its affiliates, officers, directors, employees, attorneys, and agents harmless from and against any and all claims, demands, actions, costs, liabilities, losses and damages of any kind (including actual attorneys' fees) resulting from (i) your use, misuse or abuse of the site, (ii) your use of products or services provided through the site, or (iii) your breach of any provision of this agreement. you will cooperate as fully as reasonably required in als sporting goods defense of any claim. als.com reserves the right, at its own expense, to assume the exclusive defense and control of any matter otherwise subject to indemnification by you and you shall not in any event settle any matter without the written consent of als.com. limitation of liability the following is a lot of legal talk which basically says we're not responsible for things that you do with your equipment, our site or the internet in general. we know that you might have a lawyer, we do too. good ones. we are in the business of providing quality service and content relating to sporting goods and are not lawyers ourselves-- we don't try to act like one, please don't try and act like one either. unless you're spending money like a lawyer. if that is the case remember that you get free shipping on all orders over $35 dollars. there are no circumstances wherein we (als.com) or any other third party involved in creation or distrubution of the site or providing products or services through als.com or other network sites be liable for any direct, indirect, incidental, accidental, speical or consequential damages or loss of profit, goodwill, use, data or other intangible losses that result from use (or inability) of als.com. be aware that advising als.com about the possibiltiy of possible damages does not make us liabile. the same exclution of liabilities that exists for als.com for use, or inablity of use, is valid for and any losses from the cost of procurement of subsitute merchandise and services resulting from any merchandise, data, content or service purcahsed from als.com or obtained from als.com or transactions entered into through or from als.com. als.com is also not liable for unauthorized access to or alteration of your transmissions or data and/or statements, warrenties and guarantees or conduct of als.com or third party relating to the site including but not limited to statemetns about the use or functionality of any merchandise purchased through the site or any other material relating to the site. you, as the user, acknowledge that this paragraph and other related paragraphs apply to all content, merchandise and services that are or might become avalible through als.com or its network sites. in no event shall als.com total cumulative liability under these terms exceed the lesser amount $1.00. in states where limitation of liability is not allowed then in, states where that is the case, our limitation of liability is to the least amount permitted by law. the limitation of liability provided in this agreement is to the benefit of all als.com officers, directors, employees, attorneys and agents. intellectual property als.com and its content (including text, graphics, logos, audio clips, video, photographs, software, and style) is property of als.com, alssports.com, or our affiliates and partners. our content is protected by federal and international copyright and trademark law or other proprietary rights. the rights we claim are protected in all media forms and technologies that now exist or may yet exist. you have our permission to print or download portions of our site for purely personal non-commercial use. no portion of our content can be copied for reprinting, republishing, modifying or distributing of any form without the express written permission of als.com. this agreement does not give you permission to, and in fact forbids the reproduction, reverse engineering, decompiling, disassembling, modifying, selling, licensing or any other 'ing' that is deemed inappropriate by common acceptable use terms with respect to als.com. als.com might display licences content from third parties. this content along with all other content on als.com belong to their respective parties. do not remove, alter or modify any copyright, trademark or other intellectual property or proprietary notice on als.com or its content. any rights not expressly granted by this agreement, or any other end-user licence agreements, are reserved by als.com returns & exchanges the user agrees to all of the following policies regarding return procedures and return shipping costs. the user also agrees and acknowledges upon purchases of an item that they have read and agree to the return shipping parameters included herein. items purchased online may be returned for a refund up to 60 days following the date of purchase. refunds are issued through the original method of payment. please call to obtain a return authorization number at (435) 752-5151. place the return authorization number on both your receipt and return merchandise form. returned merchandise must be sent back in original and unused condition. if merchandise is not in re-sellable and unused condition, we will ship the merchandise back to you at your expense, and will not issue a refund. all items must be free of any dirt, hair, fur, or other debris. make sure to try on all footwear on a clean carpeted surface in order to avoid accumulation of any dirt, hair, fur, or other debris. weight-rated climbing equipment is non-returnable. this includes carabiners, belay devices, quickdraws, leashes, cams, etc. accessory cord, webbing, or any other bulk item that is cut to size is also non-returnable. make sure to properly package the merchandise you are returning. do not place tape on the original shoe box when returning shoes. merchandise must be in exact original packaging with all tags attached. damaged retail packaging will result in denial of return. please re-use the original shipping materials to properly package your merchandise and to help reduce waste. allow 4-5 business days for the processing of your return. also if you'd like to include nice messages or love notes we'll accept those as well. we always love hearing from our customers! unfortunately customers are responsible for all return shipping costs. when returning merchandise we suggest that you obtain tracking information and sufficient insurance in case your gear gets lost in transit. original shipping costs are non-refundable. when returning orders that have qualified for free shipping, the amount of the original shipping cost incurred will be deducted from the refund. this is so people don't take advantage of our free shipping program. we know it would be nice to be able to see and try on stuff and send it back if its not the thing you're looking for however in order to help us sell our gear at such low prices we can't continually pay for people to try things on. sorry. if there was a problem with your item please contact us and depending on your items flaw we might take it back and pay for shipping, or we might follow our defective merchandise policy that is displayed below. if you feel that any item you have received is defective please contact us for assistance in your item’s warranty. alssports.com sells products that are guaranteed by their respective manufacturer’s warranty. you will be instructed to contact the manufacturer of your merchandise and provide them with information concerning the item’s defect. at their discretion, they will replace, repair, or reimburse your merchandise. we are happy to assist you in this process but most warranties are to be addressed directly through the manufacturer, not us. please contact us with any additional questions concerning defective merchandise. please ship returns to: alssports.com 1075 n. main st. suite 120 logan, ut 84341 changes to agreement this is a lot of legal stuff that basically says we can change this agreement at anytime and when we do so, and post it, and you keep using the site it becomes effective. we reserve the right to change, modify or delete all or part of this agreement and may unilaterally, meaning without your consent, amend or modify the agreement and thus the terms therein. continued use of the site constitutes an acceptance of any modifications that are made to the terms and conditions page. if you have any questions please feel free to email us and we'll help you understand more crazy legal speak. cheers! customer service order status returns shipping contact us gift cards about al's about us careers history store services terms & conditions payment options weekly deals! sign up logan store 1075 north main street suite 120 logan, ut 84341 online department: 1 (435) 554-8257 logan store: 1 (435) 752-5151 give us a call free shipping on orders over $45 | 1-435-554-8257 get connected returns shipping my account ©2016  al's sporting goods. all rights reserved. powered by uniteu e-commerce