来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20250501111209/https://www.als.com/privacypolicy
================================================================================

al's sporting goods: your one-stop shop for outdoor sports gear & apparel - als.coma utah proud brand since 1921free shipping on orders over $50my al's find your storehelpbagmenmenmenaboutsign in contact us order statusshipping & returnslocationswomenwomenwomenaboutsign in contact us order statusshipping & returnslocationskidskidskidsaboutsign in contact us order statusshipping & returnslocationscamp & hikecamp & hikecamp & hikeaboutsign in contact us order statusshipping & returnslocationsclimbingclimbingclimbingaboutsign in contact us order statusshipping & returnslocationshuntinghuntinghuntingaboutsign in contact us order statusshipping & returnslocationsshootingshootingshootingaboutsign in contact us order statusshipping & returnslocationsfishingfishingfishingaboutsign in contact us order statusshipping & returnslocationssportssportssportsaboutsign in contact us order statusshipping & returnslocationssnowsnowsnowaboutsign in contact us order statusshipping & returnslocationswaterwaterwateraboutsign in contact us order statusshipping & returnslocationsbikebikebikeaboutsign in contact us order statusshipping & returnslocationsbrandsbrandsbrandsflash saleprivacy policylast updated october 28, 2024al’s sporting goods, inc., a utah corporation (“al’s,” “we,” “us,” or “our”), owns and operates the websites www.als.com and www.alssports.com, including mobile versions (collectively, the “site”) where it offers sporting goods and related services. this privacy policy (“privacy policy”) explains how al’s collects, uses, maintains, shares, and protects information that we collect about you and other users of the site.this privacy policy applies to information we collect through:your use of the site;your interactions with us and the site;email, text, and other electronic communications with you (“communications”); andthrough other software, including any mobile application, we may offer from time to time and that directly link to this privacy policy.this privacy policy does not apply to information collected by third party websites through links or advertisements accessible on or from the site, which are subject to their own privacy policies.if you are a nevada resident, please see our nevada resident disclosure.if you are a california resident, please see our california resident disclosure.if you are a utah, texas, or montana resident, please see our utah, texas, montana resident disclosure.  information we collect about you we collect a variety of information about you and other site users, including information by which you may be personally identified. the categories of information that we collect include: basic identifying information, such as your name; address; e-mail address; telephone and number; demographic information, including your birthdate; age, and genderdevice identifier and other unique identifiers, such as your device identifier, internet protocol (ip) address, cookies, beacons, pixel tags, mobile ad identifier, and other unique identifiers.internet or other network activity, such as your browsing or search history, and other information regarding your interactions with our site, emails, and advertisements.geolocation data, which includes imprecise data that permits us to determine your general location;payment information, including your credit card and related billing information may be processed by our payment processors (see additional information about third party technologies: payment processor below for more details); commercial information, such as the products you have purchased and considered, your preferences on various products and brands, photographs of your receipts containing purchases, and related information about your commercial activities.  user content, as your communications with us and any other content you provide, such as photographs of receipts, images, survey responses, comments, product reviews, testimonials, and other content. audio and visual information, such as photographs, images, videos, and recordings of your voice (such as when we record customer service calls for quality assurance); inferences, such as inferences drawn from or created based on the information identified above. you may choose to voluntarily provide other information to us that we do not request, and, in such instances, and in such situations we have no control over what categories of personal information such disclosure may include. any additional information provided by you to us is provided at your own risk.  how your information is collectedwe may collect information in three ways: (1) directly from you when you provide it to us; (2) automatically as you navigate the site, including through cookies and other technologies; and (3) from third parties that we have relationships with.information you provide to us. you may provide us information that we collect, including:personal information that you provide to us by filling out a form, creating or logging into an account, purchasing any products or services, submitting any content, or contacting us or requesting information using forms on our site or other electronic communications;records and copies of your correspondence with us;your responses to sweepstakes, contests or surveys on our site, including for marketing purposes;personal information that you provide to us in ordering products or services such as your shipping, billing and payment information;personal information from your reviews, posts or comments; andyour search queries on the site.information we collect through automatic data collection technologies. as you navigate through and interact with our site, we may use automatic data collection technologies to collect certain information about your equipment, browsing actions, and patterns, including page views, time on site, location, engagement, conversions, age, gender, and interestssite visit details such as traffic data, location data, logs, and other communication data and the resources that you access and use on the site.information about your computer and internet connection, including your ip address, operating system, and browser type.the information we collect automatically is statistical data and may not include personal information, but we may maintain it or associate it with personal information we collect in other ways.the technologies we may use for automatic data collection as you navigate the site may include the following technologies or other technologies that are developed in the future:cookies (or browser cookies).a cookie is a small file placed on the hard drive of your computer. you may refuse to accept browser cookies by activating the appropriate setting on your browser. however, if you select this setting, you may be unable to access certain content or features of our site. unless you have adjusted your browser setting so that it will refuse cookies, our system will issue cookies when you direct your browser to any of our site.flash cookies. certain features of our site may use local stored objects (or flash cookies) to collect and store information about your preferences and navigation to, from, and on our site. flash cookies are not managed by the same browser settings as are used for browser cookies.web beacons. pages of the site may contain small electronic files known as web beacons (also referred to as clear gifs, pixel tags, and single-pixel gifs) that permit us to count users who have visited those pages or and for other related website statistics (for example, recording the popularity of certain website content and verifying system and server integrity).information we receive from third parties. we collect information from our third party partners, such as brands, product suppliers, data analytics providers, marketing or advertising providers, fraud prevention service providers, and other vendors that provide services.how we use your informationwe use information that we collect, including personal information, for the following purposes:to maintain and improve our site;to administer our site and for internal operations, including troubleshooting, data analysis, research, testing, statistical, and survey purposes;to operate our business and provide you with information, services, and products you request;to provide you discounts or rewards in connection with your participation in any rewards or similar programs we offer that you sign up for;  to administer and provide you with notices about your account;to carry out our obligations and enforce our rights arising from any contracts between you and us, including for billing and collection;to notify you about changes to our site, our products, our terms of use, this privacy policy and any other applicable policy;to provide you, or permit selected third parties to provide you, with information about products and services that may interest you (where you have consented to receiving such communications);to conduct research and analytics, including to improve our site and understand how you interact with our site, advertisements and communications with you;to allow you to participate in any interactive features on our site that we may offer from time to time; andto detect, investigate, prevent, or take action regarding possible malicious, deceptive, fraudulent, or illegal activity, including fraudulent transactions; to prevent against security incidents, and prevent the harm to other users of our site;to support our core business functions, including to maintain records related to business management, loss prevention, collecting amounts owed, and identifying and repairing errors or problems in the site; andin accordance with your instructions or requests. disclosure of your informationwe may disclose personal information that we collect or you provide as described in this privacy policy:to our subsidiaries and affiliates, if any;to contractors, service providers, and other third parties we use to support and carry out certain business functions, such as order fulfillment, manufacturing, shipping, payment processing, e-mail delivery, or marketing, as well as the site;to a buyer of our company or other successor in the event of a merger, divestiture, restructuring, reorganization, dissolution, or other sale or transfer of some or all of our assets, whether as a going concern or as part of bankruptcy, liquidation, or similar proceeding;to third parties in order to satisfy any law, regulation, legal process, governmental request, or where we have a good faith belief that access, use, preservation or disclosure of such information as reasonably necessary to: (1) enforce or apply our agreements; (2) protect our interests, property, or safety of others; (3) in connection with claims, disputes, or litigation; and (4) to protect our siteto any other third party with your consent or as instructed by you. we may disclose aggregated information about you and other users without restriction.additional information about third-party technologiesanalytics and advertising technologieswe partner with microsoft clarity and microsoft advertising to capture how you use and interact with our site through behavioral metrics, heatmaps, and session replay to improve and market our products/services. site usage data is captured using first and third-party cookies and other tracking technologies to determine the popularity of products/services and online activity. additionally, we use this information for site optimization, fraud/security purposes, and advertising. for more information about how microsoft collects and uses your data, visit the microsoft privacy statement.third-party use of cookies and other tracking technologiessome content or applications, including advertisements, on the site are served by third-parties, including advertisers, ad networks and servers, content providers, and application providers. these third parties may use cookies alone or in conjunction with web beacons or other tracking technologies to collect information about you when you use our site. the information they collect may be associated with your personal information or they may collect information, including personal information, about your online activities over time and across different websites and other online services. they may use this information to provide you with interest-based (behavioral) advertising or other targeted content.we do not control these third parties’ tracking technologies or how they may be used. if you have any questions about an advertisement or other targeted content, you should contact the responsible provider directly.if you click on any third-party advertisement, you will leave our site and will be subject to the privacy policies of those advertisers.als.com also uses cookies to help keep track of items you put into your shopping cart including when you have abandoned your cart and this information is used to determine when to send cart reminder messages via sms. please see your rights and choices below for more information about how to manage our use of cookies and any consent you may have provided for sending messages via sms. payment processor we use third party payment processors to process payments made for purchases through the site. these processors have represented to us that all online payments will be conducted in accordance with payment card industry (pci) data security standards and your billing information will be encrypted before being communicated to them. we do not store or maintain your full payment information on our servers but it may be stored and maintained by our payment processor as our ecommerce provider.data securitywe maintain physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards as commercially reasonably to ensure your personal information is protected in alignment with all applicable laws. how long information is retainedwe keep your information for as long as is necessary in accordance with the purpose for which it was collected, our business needs, and our legal and regulatory obligations. if we dispose of your information, we will do so in a way that is secure and appropriate to nature of the information subject to disposal.links to third-party sitesour site may contain links to third-party websites and services. please note that these links are provided for your convenience and information, and the websites and services may operate independently from us and have their own privacy policies or notices, which we strongly suggest you review.special note for users from outside the united statesthe information that we collect from the site is transferred to and processed in the united states for the purposes described in this privacy policy. we also may subcontract the processing of your data to, or otherwise share your data with, affiliates or third parties in the united states or countries other than your country of residence. the data-protection laws in these countries may be different from, and less stringent than, those in your country of residence. by using the site, you expressly consent to the transfer, processing and storage of your personal information in countries outside of your country of residence.children under the age of 13the site is not intended for children under 13 years of age. no one under the age of 13 should provide any personal information to us or the site. we do not knowingly collect personal information from children under 13. if you are under 13, (i) you should not provide any personal information to us, including your name, address, telephone number, email address, or any screen name or username and (ii) you should not create an account. if we learn we have collected or received personal information from a child under 13 without verification of parental consent, we will delete that information. if you believe we might have any information from or about a child under 13, please contact us at [email protected].changes to our privacy policywe may post any changes we make to our privacy policy on this page. if we make material changes to how we treat our users' personal information, we may notify you by email. the date the privacy policy was last revised is identified at the top of the page. you are responsible for ensuring we have an up-to-date active and deliverable email address for you, and for periodically visiting our site and this privacy policy to check for any changes.contact informationto ask questions or comment about this privacy policy and our privacy practices, contact us at:email us: [email protected]or call via our toll-free number: (435) 210-5136your rights and choicesaccessing and correcting your informationif you create an account, you can review and change your personal information by logging into your account and visiting your account profile page.you may also send us an email at [email protected] to request access to, correct or delete any personal information that you have provided to us. we cannot delete your personal information except by also deleting your user account. we may require additional information from you to allow us to confirm your identity. we may not accommodate a request to change information if we believe the change would violate any law or legal requirement or cause the information to be incorrect.if you delete any contributions, such as reviews, form the site, copies of your contributions may remain viewable in cached and archived pages, or might have been copied or stored by other users of our site.please note that we will retain and use information about you as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements.communicationsthe following is information about how to opt out of receiving certain communications from, depending on means of delivery: e-mails. you can opt-out of receiving promotional emails from us at any time by following the instructions as provided in emails to click on the unsubscribe link, or emailing us at the email address set out as set out in the contact information section below with the word unsubscribe in the subject field of the email. please note that you cannot opt-out of non-promotional emails, such as those about your account, transactions, servicing, or our ongoing business relations.phone & sms text messaging. you can opt-out of receiving text messages or calls to your phone number at any time by (i) for text messages, texting “stop” in response to any text message you receive from us or contacting us as set out in the contact information section below and specifying you want to opt-out of text messages; and (ii) for calls, requesting opt-out during any call you receive from us or contacting us as set out in the contact information section below and specifying you want to opt-out of calls.push notifications. if you have opted-in to receive push notification on your device, you can opt-out at any time by adjusting the permissions in your device or uninstalling our mobile application.choices about how we use and disclose your informationthe following disclosures relate to your rights and choices in connection with cookies and other tracking technologies: do not track. your browser settings may allow you to automatically transmit a “do not track” signal to online services you visit. we do not currently monitor or take action with respect to “do not track” signals.  for more information on “do not track,” visit http://www.allaboutdnt.com.cookies and pixels. most browsers accept cookies by default. you can instruct your browser, by changing its settings, to decline or delete cookies. if you use multiple browsers on your device, you will need to instruct each browser separately. your ability to limit cookies is subject to your browser settings and limitations.mobile application and location technologies. you can stop all collection of information via our mobile application by uninstalling the mobile application. you can also reset your device ad id at any time through your device settings, which is designed to allow you to limit the use of information collected about you. you can stop all collection of precise location data through the mobile application by uninstalling the application or withdrawing your consent through your device settings.please be aware that if you disable or remove tracking technologies some parts of the service may not function correctly.state specific legal rightsdepending on where you reside, you may have certain legal rights in relation to your information. nevada residents: if you are a resident in nevada, please see nevada resident disclosures below for additional rights. california residents: if you are resident in california,  please see california resident disclosure below for additional rights.utah, texas, montana residents: if you are a resident of utah, texas, or montana, see utah, texas, montana resident disclosure. nevada resident disclosureif you are a nevada resident, you have the right to submit a request directing us not to make any sale of your personal information. we do not sell your personal information as defined under nevada law. however, to request email confirmation that we do not sell your personal information, please send an email to [email protected] with “nevada opt-out of sale” in the subject line and in the body of your message. we will provide the requested information to you via an email response. california resident disclosurecalifornia shine the light lawcalifornia civil code section § 1798.83 permits users of our site that are california residents to request certain information regarding our disclosure of personal information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes. to make such a request, please contact us using the notice information provided in “contact information” above.california eraser button if you are a california resident under 18 years old and a registered user of the site, you can request that we remove content or information that you have posted to our site or other online services. to request removal of content or information, please contact us or call customer service at [email protected].california consumer privacy actthe following disclosures are made pursuant to the california consumer privacy act, as amended by the california privacy rights act and its implementing regulations (collectively, the “ccpa”).definitionsas used in this section, the following terms shall have the defined meanings provided herein: personal information. this is information that identifies, relates to, describes, is reasonably capable of being associated with, or could reasonably be linked, directly or indirectly, to you or your household.sensitive personal information. this is information such as your social security number, driver’s license number, state identification card, passport number, account log-in and password, financial account and password, debit or credit card number and access code, precise geolocation information, race, ethnic origin, religious or philosophical beliefs, union membership, the content of your mail, email or texts other than those communications you have with us, genetic data, biometric information, health information, or information that concerns your sex life or sexual orientation.sell, sale, or sold. this means the selling, renting, releasing, disclosing, disseminating, making available, transferring, or otherwise communicating orally, in writing, or other means, your personal information to a third party for money or other valuable consideration.share, shared, or sharing. this means the sharing, renting, releasing, disclosing, disseminating, making available, transferring, or otherwise communicating orally, in writing, or other means, your personal information to a third party for cross-context behavioral advertising, whether or not for monetary or other valuable consideration.your legal rights under the ccpayou have the following legal rights under california law with respect to your personal information:right to know. you have a have a right to request that we disclose, subject to certain exceptions, information concerning: (1) the categories of personal information we have collected from or about you; (2) the categories of sources from which we have collected that personal information, and the business or commercial purpose for the collection; (3) the categories of third parties with whom we have shared, sold, or disclosed your personal information, including the business or commercial purpose for said sharing, selling, or disclosure; and (4) specific pieces of your personal information, subject to appropriate exceptions.right to delete. you have a right to request that we delete your personal information, subject to certain exceptions. right to correct. you have a right to request that we correct your personal information, subject to certain exceptions.right to opt-out of the sale or sharing of personal information. certain of our online tracking technologies may be considered a “sale” or a “share” of your information to third parties under the ccpa. visitors to our site can therefore opt-out of being tracked by these technologies by clicking the link “do not sell my information” or by sending an e-mail to [email protected]. you may also opt-out by using an opt-out preference signal, such as the global privacy control (gpc) on your browser. to download and use a browser supporting the gpc, you may click here. if you choose the gpc signal, you will need to turn it on for each supported browser or browser extension you use.  right to non-discrimination. you have a right to exercise the above rights without being discriminated against under the ccpa.exercising your legal rightsfor certain requests, we may require specific information from you to help us verify your identity and process your request. depending on your request, we will ask for information such as your name, or an e-mail address that you have used with us. for certain requests, we may also ask you to provide details about the most recent purchase you. if we are unable to verify your identity, we may deny your requests to know or delete.right to know, access, and deletion requests: you may exercise your right to know, access or delete information through any of the following means: calling our toll free number: 435.210.5356email us at: [email protected]correction requests: you can correct information related to your account by:calling our toll free number: 435.210.5356email us at: [email protected]right to opt-out of sale: the use of certain third-party providers and their cookies or other tracking technologies for such third parties commercial use or profiling or cross-context behavioral advertising must be capable of opt-out. however, as stated in this privacy policy, we do not sell or share your information to third parties for these purposes and therefore we do not offer any opt-out right. if you believe that we are forwarding personal information to a third party and it is using it in a manner that exceeds such third party’s processing on our behalf as a service provider or processor (as those terms are understood under applicable law), please contact us at our at [email protected] so that we may look into the matter further.requests properly submitted will be responded to within the required period under applicable law. if a request is deficient, we may deny the request but will use reasonable efforts to explain the deficiency in the request so that you may correct the request. please note that we may charge a reasonable fee for multiple requests in the same 12-month period, as permitted by applicable law. you may designate an authorized agent to submit a request on your behalf to access or delete your personal information. to do so, you must: (1) provide that authorized agent written and signed permission to submit such request; and (2) verify your own identity directly with us. please note, we may deny a request from an authorized agent that does not submit proof that they have been authorized by you to act on your behalf.notice at collection and notice of business purposeto learn more about the categories of personal information we collect about california residents, please see information we collect about you above. for more information about how we use those categories of personal information, please see how we use your information above. for more information about how we collect categories of personal information, please see how your information is collected and additional information about third-party technologies above. to learn more about how we disclose categories of personal information, and the categories of third parties with whom we disclose such information, please see disclosure of your information above. to learn more about how long we keep your information, please see how long information is retained above.notice of disclosure for a business purposeto learn more about the categories personal information we have disclosed for a business purpose, and the categories of third parties with whom we’ve disclosed such information, please see disclosure of your information above.notice of selling or sharing personal informationwe also do not have any actual knowledge of selling or sharing the personal information of any california resident who is 16 years or younger.notice of use of sensitive personal informationwe do not use california resident sensitive personal information for any purpose other than is permissible under the ccpa. specifically, we do not use sensitive personal information of california residents to derive characteristics about california residents.notice of financial incentiveswe collect certain personal information in exchange for providing you discounts on our site. this includes when you provide us your email in exchange for a discount as well as when you sign up for our vip program. ccpa considers these practices “financial incentives”. more information about the vip program and discounts you may receive can be found here. in order to provide you with the incentives described, we use personal information about you including your name, phone number, email address, and purchase history, to identify you as a recipient of the respective incentive program and provide you with relevant messaging, experiences, and deals. these financial incentives are reasonably related to the value of the data you provide. utah, texas, montana resident disclosurenotice of collectionto learn more about the categories of personal data we collect about you, please see information we collect about you above. for more information about how we use those categories of personal data, please see how we use your information above. to learn more about how we disclose categories of person data, and the categories of third parties with whom we disclose such personal data, please see disclosure of your information above. rightsyou have the following rights with respect to your personal data:right to know. you have a have a right to confirm whether we’re processing your personal data, and what personal data are processing, subject to certain exceptions.right to delete. you have a right to request that we delete your personal information, subject to certain exceptions. right to correct. you have a right to request that we correct your personal information, subject to certain exceptions.right to opt-out of the sale or sharing of personal information. certain of our online tracking technologies may be considered a “sale” or a “targeted advertising” of your information to third parties. visitors to our site can therefore opt-out of being tracked by these technologies by clicking the link “do not sell my information” or by sending an e-mail to [email protected]. you may also opt-out by using an opt-out preference signal, such as the global privacy control (gpc) on your browser. to download and use a browser supporting the gpc, you may click here. if you choose the gpc signal, you will need to turn it on for each supported browser or browser extension you use.  exercising your legal rightsfor certain requests, we may require specific information from you to help us verify your identity and process your request. depending on your request, we will ask for information such as your name, or an e-mail address that you have used with us. for certain requests, we may also ask you to provide details about the most recent purchase you. if we are unable to verify your identity, we may deny your requests to know or delete.right to know, deletion, and correction requests: you may exercise your right to know, access or delete information via e-mail at: [email protected]right to opt-out of sale: certain of our online tracking technologies may be considered a “sale” or a “targeted advertising” of your information to third parties. visitors to our site can therefore opt-out of being tracked by these technologies by clicking the link “do not sell my information” or by sending an e-mail to [email protected]. you may also opt-out by using an opt-out preference signal, such as the global privacy control (gpc) on your browser. to download and use a browser supporting the gpc, you may click here. if you choose the gpc signal, you will need to turn it on for each supported browser or browser extension you use.  customer serviceorder statusreturns/exchangesgift cardsshippingstore locationscontact usaccessibilityabout al’sabout uscareershistoryrentals / servicesterms & conditionspayment optionsconnect with usinstagramfacebookyoutubesign up for emailsget on the al's list for exclusive deals and promotional offerssubmit©2025 al’s all rights reservedprivacy policyterms of serviceaccessibility statementcall us: 435.210.5356hours: mon-sat | 9am-9pm gmtcontact usget replies in your inboxfind a storefind a store near youcustomer serviceorder statusreturns/exchangesgift cardsshippingstore locationscontact usaccessibilityabout al’sabout uscareershistoryrentals / servicesterms & conditionspayment optionsconnect with usinstagramfacebookyoutube