来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20091212184354/http://www.etronics.com:80/t-privacy.aspx
================================================================================

privacy policy - compare prices, customer and user reviews, features, accessories, specifications account login you have 0 item(s) in your shopping cart new! buyers guides shop by brand kitchen and home kitchen appliances cookware electric cookware bakeware cutlery electronics home audio personal audio home theater video mobile electronics mobile audio mobile video marine audio digital imaging cameras home office telephones outdoor & recreation barbeque personal care shavers special offers and updates privacy policy information we gather from you:when you visit etronics.com, we collect information about your visit. we collect your ip address, browser type, domain name, and we log the length of time of your visit and the number of times you visit and purchase from us. we use this information to gather aggregate non-specific demographic information about our visitors, and we use it to personalize the information you see on this site. even more so, the ip address is used to help identify you, your wish list and you're past purchases. the ip address is not at all linked to any personal identifiable information. we keep this information for our internal use; in order to personalize your use of the site. for example, in the future, we may recommend products or features you may like based on what you have liked in the pastour site uses an order form for customers to request information, products, and services. we collect visitor's contact information (like their email address) and financial information (like their account or credit card numbers). we use a third party to authorize and verify all credit card transaction made through this site. the billing address and phone number you provide are used for verification purposes while your email address is used for multiple purposes; verification, log in and email order confirmations. the contact information from the order form may be used to send information about order status to our customers. all users have the option of opting out of any communication not pertaining to orders from us by sending an email to webmaster@etronics.com. we also personalize your shopping experience by using your purchases to shape our recommendations for electronics, music, games and other merchandise that might be of interest to you. we offer you the ability to create a "wish list" that we maintain for you. to create a wish list, you must be a registered user and to become a registered user we ask for your name and an email address. we use your name and personal description to identify your wish list; we use your name and your email address to process and fulfill your wish list orders. you can also choose to provide e-mail addresses of friends and family with whom you would like to share your list. we'll e-mail the recipients that you choose to tell them about your wish list and its contents, and how they can easily access it. if a user elects to use our "email a friend" program for informing a friend about our site or products, we ask them for the friend's name and email address. etronics will automatically send the friend a one-time email inviting them to visit the site. etronics stores this information for the sole purpose of sending this one-time email. this email address is removed form our database once the email has been sent. when you sign up for our newsletter, we need only an e-mail address--which is used to send the information requested. when subscribing to the newsletter mailing list, you will not receive separate emails from other marketers as a result. you might receive offers from our company including those made through the newsletter itself, which, of course, you have elected to receive. customers requesting a newsletter may receive emails notifying them of our special promotions and deals. if you choose to be removed from the newsletter please click on the unsubscribe link from the actual newsletter.our site uses cookies to store information. cookies are small pieces of information that are stored by your browser on your computer's hard drive. we use cookies to remember your name and your customer id number. this allows you to leave our site, come back later, and still view contents in your wish list and/or purchases made in the past. these cookies allow us to better understand, in aggregate, the preferences of our users and thereby create new services that better attend to those preferences. most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually change your browser to prevent that. even without a cookie, you can still use most of the features in our store, including placing items in your shopping cart and purchasing them.special relationships/third party linkswe have an affiliate program through performics that allows other websites to earn money by directing people to our website. when you sign up as an affiliate, your contact information (website address and related information, email address, mailing and payment addresses, and contact information) is sent directly to us were we activate your affiliate status and pays you based on the sales you generate. we do not share any information with these affiliates other than the order total, which is needed for commission purposes. this site contains links to other sites. such links are provided to you as a convenience only and does not constitute an endorsement of any third party site. please note that when you click on one of these links, you are 'clicking' to another web site. we encourage you to read the privacy statement and policies of those linked sites as their policies may differ from ours. we are not responsible for the policies or practices or the content of any third party site. the link to any third party site is not intended to state or imply that etronics is affiliated or associated with any such site or legally authorized to use any trade name, registered trademark, logo, legal or official seal, or copyrighted symbol or material contained in the link.securitywhen you place orders or access your account information, we offer the use of a secure server. the secure server software (ssl) encrypts all information you input before it is sent to us. the data we collect from you is protected against unauthorized access. we have very strict policies and procedures designed to protect the privacy of our customers and subscribers. we will never share or sell your personal information with any external organization, unless you provide prior consent. any personal information you wish to provide is also protected internally. all personnel with access to personal information are aware of our policies. any breach of policy may result in immediate dismissal of the offending employee. sometimes we use aggregated information to determine trends and visitor needs. some aggregated information is analyzed and used as input to improve our site or is presented to clients as market research; however, no personal information is divulged.if you decide to submit your email address to us in order to receive a price quote you may be assured that you will not receive separate emails from other marketers as a result. all inquiries are used for a one-time purpose only. choice/opt-out our site provides users the opportunity to opt-out of receiving communications from us at the point where we request information about the visitor. this site gives users the following options for removing their information from our database to not receive future communications or to no longer receive our service. online via my account you can send email to service@etronics.com you can send mail to the following postal address: customer serviceetronics, inc.216 maspeth avebrooklyn, ny 11211 correct/update we believe you should have the ability to access and edit the personal information that you have provided to us. during the online ordering process you can review, change, or delete the information that you have submitted. you may change any of your personal information in your my account online at any time. we encourage you to update your information when it changes. you may ask to have the information in your my account be deleted or removed; however, because we keep track of past purchases, you cannot delete information associated with past purchases. this site gives users the following options for changing and modifying information previously provided. online via my account you can send email to service@etronics.com you can send mail to the following postal address: customer serviceetronics, inc.216 maspeth ave,brooklyn, ny 11211 we welcome your questions and comments. please send e-mails to webmaster@etronics.com.privacy changeswhenever we change our privacy policy, we will endeavor to promptly post a notice on the site indicating that a new version is available. if at any point we decide to use personally identifiable information in a manner different from that stated at the time it was collected, we will endeavor to promptly notify customers by way of email. we will offer customers a choice as to whether or not we use their information in this different manner. we will use information in accordance with the privacy policy under which the information was collected.legal informationthough we make every effort to preserve user privacy, we may need to disclose personal information when required to do so by law, where we have a good-faith belief that such action is necessary to comply with a current judicial proceeding, a court order or legal process served on our web site.this site and its contents, and the links to the third party sites and their contents, are provided on a strictly "as-is" and "as-available" basis and without warranties or representations of any kind, express or implied. etronics specifically disclaims all representations and warranties, express, implied or otherwise, including, without limitation, implied warranties of merchantability or fitness for a particular purpose and non-infringement, and any warranties as to results that may be obtained through use of this site or the third party sites. etronics does not warrant that the functions contained in the materials furnished on this site or any third party site will be uninterrupted, available or error-free, that defects or errors will be corrected or that this site will be available, free from viruses or other harmful components. under all circumstances, including, without limitation, negligence and strict product liability, your use of this site and the third party sites is solely at your own risk. etronics shall not be responsible for any direct, indirect, consequential, special, punitive or other damages (whether liability is asserted in contract, tort or otherwise), costs or expenses, including, without limitation, lost profits, data, loss of good-will, loss of or damage to property or claims of third parties, arising out of, in connection with, or relating to your use of this site or any third party site. should you be dissatisfied with this site or the content hereof or a third party site and the content thereof, your sole and exclusive remedy is to discontinue use of this site or such third party site. to the extent permitted by applicable law, the foregoing remedy shall apply even if etronics knew or should have known of the possibility of damages to you by use of this site or a third party site.copyrighted material - alleged infringementin accordance with title 17 u.s.c. 512, as amended by title ii of the digital millennium copyright act, etronics has implemented procedures for the removal of material that is copyright protected and infringed upon. if you believe that a copyright has been infringed upon, please provide etronics with written, signed notification by certified mail to "copyright officer" at the address set forth for contacting this site below. your notification must include: (i) identification of the copyrighted material claimed to have been infringed upon; (ii) information as to the location of the alleged infringed upon material sufficient to enable etronics to locate such material; (iii) information sufficient to enable etronics to contact the owner of such copyrighted material; (iv) a statement that the use of the material is not authorized or permitted by the owner of such material; and (v) a statement that the information contained in the notification is certified as true under the penalties of perjury. notification that fails to comply with the foregoing will not constitute knowledge or awareness of infringement.contacting the website if you have any questions about the policies set forth on this page, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this site, you can contact us at: etronics, inc.216 maspeth avebrooklyn, ny 11211webmaster@etronics.com company information help center satisfaction guaranteed warranty information stay in the loop sell to etronics clearance account services my account order status wish list change password update account info customer service privacy about us contact us corporate sales rma request new customer resources advanced search news bulletins rebate center knowledge base manufacturer information site map copyright 2001 - 2009 etronics.com important holiday infomation in observance of the religious holiday, etronics will be closed tuesday april 14th thru thursday april 16th. all orders will ship when we re-open friday april 17th. thank you for shopping at etronics.com