来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20110815230021/http://www.etronics.com:80/t-termsofuse.aspx
================================================================================

terms of use and conditions - compare prices, customer and user reviews, features, accessories, specifications account login you have 0 item(s) in your shopping cart new! buyers guides shop by brand kitchen and home kitchen appliances cookware electric cookware bakeware cutlery electronics home audio personal audio home theater video mobile electronics mobile audio mobile video marine audio digital imaging cameras home office telephones outdoor & recreation barbeque personal care shavers special offers and updates terms of use and conditions terms of use and conditions:etronics, inc. (“etronics”) has established these terms and conditions so you will know what you can expect from us to ensure you have an enjoyable shopping experience. the use of this website (www.etronics.com and all affiliated sites) is governed by the policies, terms, and conditions set forth below. please read them carefully. you are responsible for reviewing and becoming familiar with these terms of use and conditions and you acknowledge that (i) you have read and understand these terms of use and conditions and that you agree to be bound by the terms, conditions and provisions set forth hereing, as same may be amended from time to time and (ii) the disclaimer, limitation of liability and indemnification provisions set forth in these terms of use and conditions are an agreed upon allocation of risk and form an essential part of our agreement to permit you to use this site, without which agreement etronics would not enter into this agreement or permit you to use this site. your use of this site, your placement of an order, or your submittal of any purchase order to etronics indicates acceptance of these terms and conditions. you agree to be bound by and accept this agreement as applicable to your purchase of product(s) from this site. these terms and conditions are subject to change without prior written notice at any time, in our sole and absolute discretion. governing law this agreement and any sales here under shall be governed by the laws of the state of new york, without regard to its conflicts of laws provisions. venue in any action or proceeding commenced pursuant to this agreement shall lie in the state, city and county of new york and you consent to the jurisdiction of the courts of the state, city and county of new york. if any provision or portion thereof set forth in these terms of use of the policies of this site are found to be unlawful, void or, for any other reason unenforceable, then such provision or portion thereof shall be deemed severable and shall not affect the validity and enforceability of any other provision. to the extent permitted by applicable law, you agree, that, by using this site, regardless of any statute or law to the contrary, any claim or cause of action that you may have arising out of, in connection with, or relating to, your use of this site and/or these terms and conditions or policies of this site, must be filed within one (1) year after the claim or cause of action accrued or such claim or cause of action shall forever be barred. order acceptance your receipt of an electronic or other form of order confirmation does not signify our acceptance of your order nor does it constitute confirmation of our offer to sell. we reserve the right, at any time after receipt of your order but prior to shipment, to accept or decline your order for any or no reason. we reserve the right, at any time after receipt of your order, without prior notice to you, to supply less than the quantity you ordered of any item. we may need to verify any information you provide before we accept an order. item availability and prices for all products sold at www.etronics.com are subject to change without notice. we reserve the right to limit quantities on certain items. (price changes will not be retroactively applied to any outstanding or completed orders.) payment methods payment for the products may be made by credit card, wire transfer, or other prearranged payment method acceptable to etronics. credit cardswe accept all major credit cards, including visa®, mastercard®, american express®, and discover®. please be sure to provide the exact billing address and telephone number that your credit card issuer has on file for you. incorrect information may cause a delay in processing your order. money orders, cashier's checks and company checks we accept money orders, cashier's checks and company checks in u.s. dollars only (no canadian money orders are accepted). orders are processed upon receipt of a money order, cashier's check or company check. product availability is determined at the time funds clear or payment is received. we reserve the right to charge a fee not to exceed one hundred dollars ($100.00) per instance on returned checks and you agree to pay such fee. shipping charges; taxesseparate charges for shipping and handling will be set forth on etronics’ invoice(s). etronics is required by law to charge applicable taxes. in certain instances, upon the presentation of a valid and correct tax exemption certificate applicable to the product to be shipped, etronics will waive the collection of applicable sales tax, if such waiver complies with applicable law. customer remains responsible for the prompt and proper payment of all taxes applicable to the products shipped to such customer. title; risk of losstitle to products shipped passes from etronics to customer on the date of shipment from etronics’ or etronics’ designee’s facility. manufacturer warrantieseach product sold on this site is packaged with applicable manufacturer's warranty and service information detailing specific terms and conditions. we encourage you to complete the product registration information and return any registration cards to the manufacturer so that they can contact you if necessary in the future. while etronics sells only new and unused product, etronics is not an authorized reseller of certain of the products listed for sale on this site. to be an authorized reseller, manufacturers may require that etronics abide by manufacturer’s suggested and minimum selling prices* . etronics would be unable to provide you with the low cost of the products sold on this site if etronics were to comply with certain manufacturer’s suggested and minimum selling prices. in those instances where etronics is not an authorized reseller of the products sold, these manufacturers may decline to offer the manufacturers warranties that usually accompany the product being purchased. these products may be purchased directly from the manufacturers with such manufacturer’s warranties but may not be offered by such manufacturers at the deeply discounted prices offered by etronics. in such instances where a manufacturer’s warranty may not be available, we make every effort to provide you with such information prior to your completing your purchase. etronics cannot be responsible for the decision of a manufacturer not to offer or abide by such warranties. *for example, etronics does not adhere to pioneer, yamaha, denon or acoustic research internet and map (minimum advertised price) pricing policies.  accordingly, etronics is not authorized by such retailers to sell their products via the internet and cannot offer the manufacturers warranties that usually accompany these products.  etronics does, however, continue to offer to its customers new pioneer, yamaha, denon and acoustic research products at heavily discounted prices. non-manufacturer warrantiesetronics is pleased to offer service protection plans directly from philips, mack and other leading names in consumer electronics. these service plans offer to either replace or supplement warranty protections that may be offered directly by manufacturers. to view a copy of a comprehensive service agreement for an additional service protection plan, please click here: mack , philips. prior to completing your product purchase, simply click on the level of added protection you wish to purchase from philips. return policiesproducts purchased directly from etronics by a customer may be returned by customer in accordance with etronics return policy in effect on the date of the invoice to customer for the product being shipped. to view our current return policy, click here. indemnity you agree to indemnify, defend and hold harmless etronics, its shareholders, directors, officers, employees and agents from and against any and all liability, claims, costs and expenses (including without limitation reasonable legal fees and expenses), arising out of, resulting from, or in connection with, your use of this site. these terms and conditions may changeetronics reserves the right to update or modify these terms of use at any time without prior notice. your use of the this site following any such change constitutes your agreement to follow and be bound by the terms of use as modified. for this reason, we encourage you to review these terms of use whenever you use this site. this web site is owned and operated by etronics, inc., 216 maspeth ave, brooklyn, ny 11211 copyright all of the content included on this web site, including all the text, graphics, photographs, graphs, sounds, data, images, audio and video clips available on this web site ("content"), is the property of etronics or its content suppliers and protected by u.s. and international copyright laws. all software used to operate this site is the property of etronics and its partner software suppliers, and is protected by u.s. and international copyright laws. the compilation, collection, selection, arrangement, assembly, and coordination of all content available on this site is the exclusive property of etronics and protected by u.s. and international copyright laws. ©copyright 2004 etronics, inc. all rights reserved. the content of this site, and the site as a whole, are intended solely for personal, noncommercial use by the users of this site. all the content available on this site may only be used by you for your personal shopping and data-gathering resources. you may make copies of selected portions of the content, provided that such copies are made only for your personal use and only if you maintain any proprietary notices contained in such content. any other use, including but not limited to, the reproduction, modification, distribution, transmission, republication, display or performance of the content for any other purposes is strictly prohibited. color renditionwe have used our reasonable efforts to display as accurately as possible the colors of the products shown on this site. however, because the colors you see will depend on your monitor, we cannot guarantee that your monitor’s display of any color will be accurate. correction of errors and inaccuraciesthe information on this site may contain typographical errors or inaccuracies and may not be complete or current. we therefore reserve the right to correct any errors, inaccuracies or omissions and to change or update information at any time without prior notice (including after you have submitted your order). all pictures are for illustration purposes. please note that such errors, inaccuracies or omissions may relate to product description, product picture, pricing and availability. we apologize for any inconvenience this may cause you. enforcement of terms and conditionsby accessing and using this site, you agree that your access to and use of this site is subject to these terms of use, as well as all applicable laws, as governed and interpreted pursuant to the laws of the state of new york, united states of america. trademarks applications for the issuance of a federal trademark for the names “etronics” and “etronics.com” are pending with the united states patent trademark office. the marks, trademarks and servicemarks of etronics may not be used in connection with any third-party products or services or in any manner that disparages or discredits etronics. all other brands and names (including third-party product names) are the property of their respective owners and may be subject to copyright and/or trademark protection. disclaimer information, services, products, and materials contained in this site, including, without limitation, text, graphics, and links, are provided on an "as is" basis with no warranty. to the maximum extent permitted by law, etronics disclaims all representations and warranties, express or implied, with respect to such information, services, products, and materials, including but not limited to warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, title, noninfringement, freedom from computer virus, and implied warranties arising from course of dealing or course of performance. in addition, etronics does not represent or warrant that the information accessible via this site is accurate, complete or current. prices are subject to change. because some jurisdictions do not allow the exclusion of certain warranties, the above limitations may not apply to you. errors & omissions in the event a product is listed at an incorrect price due to an error, etronics reserves the right to refuse or cancel any order placed for products listed at the incorrect price. etronics shall have the right to refuse or cancel any such order whether or not the order has been confirmed and your credit card charged. if your credit card has already been charged for the purchase and your order is canceled, etronics shall issue a credit refund to your credit card account in the amount of the incorrect price and the product order will be cancelled. company information help center satisfaction guaranteed warranty information stay in the loop sell to etronics clearance account services my account order status wish list change password update account info customer service privacy about us contact us corporate sales rma request new customer resources advanced search news bulletins rebate center knowledge base manufacturer information site map copyright 2001 - 2011 etronics.com important holiday infomation in observance of the holiday, etronics will be closed thursday september 23rd thru friday september 24th. all orders will ship when we re-open sunday september 26th. thank you for shopping at etronics.com