来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20161220020513/http://www.sportbiketrackgear.com/returns
================================================================================

sportbiketrackgear hassle free return and exchange policy about us our policies military our ama pro team sponsored riders meet the team loading, please wait. connect with us:       888.784.4327 help f.a.q. my account sizing charts exchange/returns store policies hours/location contact us log in / register sign in or create an account $ earn stg cash $ cart menu search motorcycle apparel and parts specialiststhe best gear, service & price offroad blog about us policies hot spots military hours / location exchange / returns sponsored riders our ama pro team sizing charts meet the team 2015 yamaha yzf-r1 project bike 2015 yamaha yzf-r3 project bike 2015 suzuki gsx-r600 project bike 2014 honda cbr1000rr project bike 2014 yamaha fz-09 project bike 2013 yamaha yzf-r1 project bike contact search call cart helmets categories:closeout helmets sportbike helmets race helmets touring helmets dual sport helmets full face helmets half helmets modular helmets off-road helmets open face helmets helmets w/ internal sun visor all helmets featured brands:agv helmets arai helmets bell helmets hjc helmets icon helmets reevu helmets schuberth helmets scorpion helmets shark helmets shoei helmets speed & strength helmets vemar helmets shopping guides:full face helmets riding gear categories: gear combo deals base layers boots casual wear gloves heated gear helmets jackets pants protection / armor race suits rain gear women's gear featured brands: agv sport alpinestars arai bell helmets cortech dainese held icon knox rs taichi scorpion exo shoei helmets sidi boots spidi apparel tcx boots shopping guides: race suits full face helmets leather jackets closeouts categories: helmets race suits motorcycle jackets boots / shoes gloves pants protection / armor women's gear gear combo deals featured brands: dainese closeoutsalpinestars closeouts icon closeouts scorpion closeouts speed & strength closeouts spidi closeouts shoei closeouts bell closeouts arai closeouts parts categories:motorcycle partsbike standschainschemicalscleaner & polishlap timers2 stroke oil4 stroke oiltools featured brands:akrapovic exhaustbazzaz performancecrgdriven racingdynojet researchgraves motorsportshotbodies racingm4 exhaustohlins suspensionwoodcraftyoshimura tires categories: sportbike track day race sport touring oem replacement tires cruiser dual-sport off-road scooter vintage supermoto tire warmers tools featured brands: avon tyres bridgestone continental dunlop metzeler michelin pirelli shop oem tires: aprilia bimota bmw buell ducati harley davidson honda kawasaki ktm piaggio suziki triumph vespa victory yamaha suits categories: closeout suits knee sliders one piece suits two piece suits undersuits featured brands: agv sport alpinestars axo cortechdainese held pilot puma rev'it! rs taichi rst scorpion exo speed & strength spidi shopping guides: race suit shopping guide jackets categories: leather jackets leather / textile jackets mesh jackets textile jackets gore-tex jackets waterproof jackets womens motorcycle jacketscasual jackets shopping guides: leather jackets shop by brand: agv sport jackets alpinestars jackets cortech jackets dainese jackets puma jackets icon jackets rev'it! jackets rs taichi jackets scorpion jackets speed & strength jackets spidi jackets tourmaster jackets shop by style: sportbike jackets touring jackets classic / cruiser jackets adventure jackets accessories categories: accessory mounts backpacks battery chargers bike covers bluetooth communicators cameras ear plugs gear bags hydration packs lap timers luggage oil & chemicals race track accessories security trailer accessories stands tire warmers tools featured brands:loctitemotion pro motorexmoto-dmotulogiorepsolpitbullcardo systemsgopro brands shop featured helmet & apparel brands shop featured hard part brands click here to view all brands homestg no hassle return & refund guide stg no hassle return & refund guide starting your return: login to your sportbiketrackgear.com account (my account) and go to your order in the "completed orders" section. click on the "return item(s)" button next to the order you would like to return item(s) on. next select the item(s) you want to return by selecting a quantity to the right of each product. select a reason for your return and select a return action. please include any relevant notes in the provided area. click the "submit return request" button to complete the request. our team will review the request and send an ra# your way. go ahead and place a new order online for the replacement item to ensure you get what you want before it sells out. the fit of that new gear wasn't what you hoped or you're just not happy with an item? any item in new and unused condition can be sent back for a refund to your original method of payment within 30 days from when it was delivered. we do not charge restocking fees and we have convenient prepaid shipping labels we can send you to make the process smooth and fast. at stg, you can trust that your return will always be a hassle free process. we've worked very hard on improving this process over the years to make it as simple and quick as possible. most items (including closeout products) are subject to a 30 day return and exchange period, from the day you receive the product, all you have to do is request an ra# through your account to get the process started. let our gear experts work for you, if there is ever a question on fit, finish or how to proceed with a return, please contact us for assistance! refund policy defined: all products returned must be in new, unused condition with all packaging and tags included. if it has been "taken for a test ride" or installed on the bike it is no longer eligible unless it is defective, which would be a product warranty. eligible returns or exchanges must be arranged within 30 calendar days from date received. request an ra# (return authorization number), once it is approved you will need to ship the item back to sportbike track gear within 10 business days from receipt of ra#. once you request an ra# go ahead and place a new order (online or over the phone) for the desired replacement, we will process the order and get it headed your way. when our team has received and inspected the item (typically within 24 hours it landing at stg) your refund will be processed with a credit being applied to your original method of payment (credit card, pay pal etc...). please be aware that it can take 24-48 hours for the credit to show on your credit card account, this depends on your credit card company. if you use your stg cash that you have earned on an item, and then need to return the original item, the stg cash which was earned from the original purchase will be deducted from your refund. you are responsible for shipping costs associated with getting the returned item back to our michigan stg warehouse. (remember we have prepaid fedex labels we can send you for $9.95) the return or exchange must be shipped back to sportbike track gear within 10 business days from receipt of ra#. we reserve the right to apply a restocking fee when the item in question does not meet our return criteria. end of the day the item needs to come back in the same condition you would expect to receive it in as a new order. exchanging an item: once you have sent in a request for a return, go ahead and place a new order for the replacement item. this is the absolute best way to ensure you get the item you want and get it fast. (remember stock can be limited and possibly sell out, stake your claim on that great deal while it's available!) if you use your stg cash that you have earned on an item, and then need to return the original item, the stg cash which was earned from the original purchase will be deducted from your refund. if the exchange item you are ordering qualifies for free shipping there will be no additional charge for freight. shipping options for returns: stg customers in the lower 48 united states can request a fedex pre-paid shipping label for a minor $9.95 fee when requesting an ra#. this amount will be deducted from the refund once the return has been received and processed. alaska, hawaii, apo and international orders will need to arrange for their own return shipping as we are unable to send return labels internationally. all stg customers have the option of using their choice of carriers when sending an item back. we strongly suggest using a method that includes both insurance and proper tracking. any and all return shipments sent back to stg must be pre-paid, no c.o.d. packages will be accepted. ineligible items: electrical items where the box has been opened. any tools with opened packaging or have been removed from the original package may not be returned. special order items and or any item made to a custom specification (custom size, color etc...) note: any item that is not included on our website and is requested for purchase by the customer/rider would be defined as "special order" and cannot be returned. used or installed merchandise of any sort. exception items: tires may be exchanged if unused. refund will be less the actual shipping cost we paid to get the item to you. additionally these are not eligible for stg pre-paid return labels. bodywork, including race bodywork kits may be exchanged if unused (refund is less shipping). additionally these are not eligible for stg pre-paid return labels. motorcycle stands may be returned for refund. refund will be less the actual shipping cost we paid to get the item to you. additionally these are not eligible for stg pre-paid return labels. catalyst composites and sharkskinz race bodywork are both made to order, all sales are final on these brands. defective items are handled on a case by case basis and typically a warranty concern. (please see warranty terms) returns and refunds via mail for online and phone orders initiating your exchange or return: logging in to your sportbiketrackgear.com account (my account) and find your order in the "completed orders" section. click on the "return item(s)" button next to the order you would like to return item(s) on. next select the items you want to return by selecting a quantity to the right of each product. select a reason for your return and select a return action so we know if you want an exchange, refund or a store credit. click the "submit return request" button to complete the request. please follow the below instructions for packing your return for shipment back to sportbiketrackgear: secure all items in their original packaging before putting your items in the shipping box. you may use any size box that you choose, but you cannot use the manufacturers packaging as the shipping box! tape the box closed and make sure all existing tape already on the box is either secure enough for the return trip or re-tape it. follow the return instructions located in the ra# approval email that you have received from us. ship the package back using the shipping method of your choice. when we receive the original item(s), we will process your request. if there was an error on our part related to your order, we will issue a credit for your order and any applicable shipping charges. if you are requesting a replacement item, we will then proceed with shipping your replacement item. refunds may take 5-7 business days to process. return your items in our shop if exchanging, we recommend calling ahead to verify the replacement item is in stock. bring the item, packing slip and all original packing materials and accessories to the following address: 56844 mound road, shelby township, mi 48316 if you do not have the original packing slip, you may print out a copy of your order details from my account. subscribe to the stg newsletter for updates, specials & deals company info: popular info: new brands: new categories: company info about stg meet the team hours & location store policies returns f.a.q. popular info military customers leather suit guide sponsored riders sizing charts careers request an rma parts new brands american kargo catalyst composites forma givi klim moto-d skutrnet shop new bike categories 2015 yamaha yzf-r1 2015 yamaha yzf-r3 2015 yamaha fz-07 2015 yamaha fz-09 2015 yamaha fj-09 2014 kawasaki ninja 300 2014 honda cbr1000rr 56844 mound rd. shelby township mi, 48316 t.888-784-4327 f.586-786-0930 © copyright 2016 sportbike track gear. all rights reserved orders@sportbiketrackgear.com ﻿ ​