来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20211221005202/https://www.sportbiketrackgear.com/faq
================================================================================

frequently asked questions connect with us: 888.784.4327 help gift certificates f.a.q. my account sizing charts exchange/returns store policies hours/location contact us log in / register $ earn stg cash $ cart toggle menu menu search motorcycle apparel and parts specialists the best gear, service & price offroad blog about us policies hot spots gift certificates military hours / location exchange / returns sponsored riders chain and sprocket kit guide 2014-2016 honda cbr1000rr project 2017 kawasaki z125 pro project bike 2011-2017 suzuki gsx-r600 project bike 2014-2017 yamaha fz-09 project bike 2015-2017 yamaha r1 project bike 2012-2014 yamaha r1 project bike 2015-2017 yamaha r3 project bike 2017-2018 yamaha r6 project bike contact search call helmets categories closeout helmets sportbike helmets race helmets touring helmets dual sport helmets full face helmets half helmets modular helmets off-road helmets open face helmets helmets w/ internal sun visor all helmets gift certificates featured brands agv helmets arai helmets bell helmets hjc helmets icon helmets schuberth helmets scorpion helmets shark helmets shoei helmets speed & strength helmets shopping guides 2020 helmet shopping guide the best race/track day helmets full face $600 - $1699 full face $350 - $600 full face $200 - $350 full face $200 and under motorcycle helmet 101 helmet graphic of the week helmet fit faq do i need a new helmet? cheap vs expensive helmets helmet safety standards faq riding gear categories gift certificates base layers boots casual wear gloves heated gear helmets jackets pants protection / armor race suits rain gear women's gear featured brands agv sport alpinestars arai bell helmets cortech held icon knox rs taichi rst scorpion exo shoei helmets sidi boots spidi apparel tcx boots shopping guides race suit shopping guide 2019 glove shopping guide motorcycle helmet 101 helmet graphic of the week race/sport boots $389 - $499 race/sport boots $249 - $395 race/sport helmets $399 - $1599 race/sport helmets $299 - $699 leather jackets closeouts categories helmets race suits motorcycle jackets boots / shoes gloves pants protection / armor women's gear gift certificates featured brands rst closeouts agv sport closeouts alpinestars closeouts bell closeouts icon closeouts scorpion closeouts speed & strength closeouts spidi closeouts shoei closeouts parts categories motorcycle parts bike stands chains chemicals cleaner & polish lap timers 2 stroke oil 4 stroke oil tools gift certificates featured brands akrapovic exhaust bazzaz performance crg driven racing dynojet research graves motorsports hotbodies racing m4 exhaust ohlins suspension vortex racing woodcraft yoshimura shopping guides chain and sprocket guide motorcycle battery 101 race track bike prep how to best sportbike mods race bodywork shootout 2015-2018 bmw s1000rr 2017-2019 suzuki gsxr 1000 2018-2019 kawasaki ninja 400 2015-2019 yamaha r1 2012-2014 yamaha r1 2017-2019 yamaha r6 2015-2018 yamaha r3 2014-2017 yamaha fz-09 2017-2019 kawasaki z125 pro 2011-2019 suzuki gsxr 600 2012-2016 honda cbr1000rr tires categories sportbike track day race sport touring oem replacement tires cruiser dual-sport off-road scooter vintage supermoto tire warmers tools gift certificates featured brands avon tyres bridgestone continental dunlop metzeler michelin pirelli shop oem tires aprilia bimota bmw buell ducati harley davidson honda kawasaki ktm piaggio suziki triumph vespa victory yamaha suits categories closeout suits knee sliders one piece suits two piece suits undersuits gift certificates featured brands rst alpinestars rs taichi spidi cortech held rev'it! shopping guides race suit shopping guide back protector shopping guide chest protector shopping guide jackets categories leather jackets leather / textile jackets mesh jackets textile jackets gore-tex jackets waterproof jackets womens motorcycle jackets casual jackets gift certificates shopping guides leather jackets shop by brand agv sport jackets alpinestars jackets cortech jackets icon jackets rev'it! jackets rst jackets rs taichi jackets scorpion jackets speed & strength jackets spidi jackets tourmaster jackets shop by styles sportbike jackets touring jackets classic / cruiser jackets adventure jackets accessories categories accessory mounts backpacks battery chargers bike covers bluetooth communicators cameras ear plugs gear bags hydration packs lap timers luggage oil & chemicals race track accessories security trailer accessories stands tire warmers tools gift certificates featured brands permatex motion pro motorex maxima motul aim sportline pitbull sena gopro how to guides best sportbike mods race track bike prep how to motorcycle cleaning guide motorcycle chain cleaning guide motorcycle stand buyers guide winterization guide brands shop featured helmet & apparel brands shop featured hard part brands log in or register home frequently asked questions frequently asked questions general faq's about sportbiketrackgear.com how do we apply discount codes? how do we get the military discount? item status; what does it mean when it says "available" next to the item/size? item status; what does it mean when it says "backorder" next to the item/size? do you have a showroom to look at and try on products? i didn't receive my order confirmation email? billing & payment faq's about sportbiketrackgear.com why was my card charged before my order shipped? i see several charges on my credit card, did i get double billed or have multiple orders? my card was declined, why? how do i use my gift card? shipping & tracking faq's about sportbiketrackgear.com how much is shipping within the united states? what if i order multiple items and one of them is listed on backorder, do i owe a shipping charge? what shipping methods are avialable for my domestic order? can i choose the shipping carrier used for my domestic order? do you offer any quicker shipping options for my domestic order? how long does my domestic package take to deliver? how do i track my domestic shipment? what if my domestic shipment is lost? international shipping, billing & return faq's about sportbiketrackgear.com do you ship internationally? what are the international shipping costs? what shipping methods are available for my international package? how long does my international package take to deliver? how do i track my international shipment? what if my international shipment is lost? are there restrictions for items that can be shipped internationally? are customs fees, brokerage fees and duties included in the international shipping cost? can you lower the declared amount on my package? i received the wrong part or it is damaged and i am an international customer? i do not speak english, is there someone there that can translate? what form of payment is accepted for international orders? can i pay with a wire transfer? how can i view the status of my order? if you have an active discount code, you may enter it during the checkout process to apply the discount to your order. if it is not active, it will not work. if you have any issues or questions on this process, please get in touch with one of our sales representatives by contacting orders@sportbiketrackgear.com or call 888-784-4327 during regular business hours. how do we get the military discount? stg supports our active and retired military! please send us an email to military@sportbiketrackgear.com and someone will get back to you with instructions on how to proceed and apply your discount to your future order. item status; what does it mean when it says "available" next to the item/size? all of the items listed on our website will have the current availability status listed next to the item part number/size/etc. these items may be labeled as pre-order, in stock, available or backorder. if an item is listed as "in stock at stg", this means that it is currently sitting in our shelby twp., mi warehouse and will ship out as soon as processing has been completed. if an item is listed as "available", it will also have an estimated delivery time next to it, ie. 1-2 days, etc., which means that it is available in another warehouse or direct with one of our vendor/manufactures and that it will be shipped out within the estimated time frame listed, after the order has been processed. item status; what does it mean when it says "backorder" next to the item/size? all of the items listed on our website will have the current availability status listed next to the item part number/size/etc. these items may be labeled as pre-order, in stock, available or backorder. pre-order and backorder items are not available at the time and will not ship out immediately. however, the item will likely ship when it becomes available from the manufacture. there are rare circumstances when an item has been discontinued or listed on "close out" and select sizes will show available while others are listed as "backorder", this item is no longer available and is not expected to become available. please get in touch with one of our sales representatives by contacting orders@sportbiketrackgear.com or call 888-784-4327 for clarification on the specific item you are looking at purchasing. do you have a showroom to look at and try on products? yes, we do. our showroom is open for regular business hours and is located at 56844 mound rd., shelby twp., mi 48316. please note the "availability" status question above when referring to items that may be available to look at or try on in our showroom. i didn't receive my order confirmation email? please get in touch with one of our sales representatives by contacting orders@sportbiketrackgear.com or call 888-784-4327 during regular business hours as there is a chance there is a spelling error in the email address we have on file for you. if this is the case, we can easily get another confirmation over to you. another option is to check your spam/junk folder, some of our emails have been known to get filtered to this box as it includes an image and/or attachment. why was my card charged before my order shipped? like most online retailors, we have to accept payment for your item(s) before processing and shipping your order. this is a standard practice and you will see a pending charge show on your credit card statement at the time of your order. typically, the charge will not completely process until your order leaves our warehouse. i see several charges on my credit card, did i get double billed or have multiple orders? multiple charges on your account are likely due to either a credit card processing error or hitting the "submit" button on your order screen more than once. please ensure that you are only clicking this button once as it may take a minute to process/cycle to the next screen. we have not processed your order twice, unless you went through the entire process more than once (denied card, etc.). this charge will likely drop off your bank account or credit card within a few business days but depends on your banks processing times. another option is to contact your bank direct and confirm with them that you only made the purchase once and this will sometimes help speed up the process. my card was declined, why? there are several reasons why your credit card was denied through the purchase process and we can likely work through this with you easily. if the billing address, expiration date or security code do not match exactly to what your bank has on file, our processing system will deny the charge. additionally, if your bank has a limit on the dollar figure that you can spend in a day and you are making a large purchase, this could be another reason for the denied charge. please get in touch with one of our sales representatives by contacting orders@sportbiketrackgear.com or call 888-784-4327 during regular business hours for any further questions on the charges. how do i use my gift card? at this time, gift cards have to be processed by one of our sales representatives and cannot be used online. if you have a gift card that you would like to have applied to an order, please contact us at orders@sportbiketrackgear.com or 888-784-4327 prior to placing your order. how much is shipping within the united states? all orders over $99 will ship for free within the lower 48 united states, which means most of the items available on the site. all other shipping costs will be calculated based upon your address using our discounted rate system to pass along the most amount of savings possible. please note that alaska, hawaii, puerto rico, apo and fpo addresses are typically very costly to ship to, which is why the free shipping is limited to the lower 48 united states. please get in touch with one of our sales representatives by contacting orders@sportbiketrackgear.com or call 888-784-4327 during regular business hours for a quote on shipping. what if i order multiple items and one of them is listed on backorder, do i owe a shipping charge? no, if we determine that one of the items will not be available to ship for a period of time, we are glad to split the shipment and get you the available items as soon as possible. if the item is available but will only take an extra couple business days, we can split ship the order, but it may not be covered under the free shipping guidelines. what shipping methods are avialable for my domestic order? all of our packages will ship via usps, fedex or ups within the lower 48 united states. most others, as noted above (alaska, etc.) will have to be sent via usps priority mail. can i choose the shipping carrier used for my domestic order? yes, if you live in an area that doesn't receive great service by one of the three major carriers, please let us know. we will gladly accommodate as we want you to receive your package as much as you do. do you offer any quicker shipping options for my domestic order? yes, expedited shipping is always an option but you must get touch with one of our sales representatives by contacting orders@sportbiketrackgear.com or call 888-784-4327 during regular business hours before placing your order. this is going to be restricted based upon the availability of the item and time of your order. please note that there are cut off times for an expedited order by the shipping carriers and this is sometimes a few hours earlier than normal pick up times. how long does my domestic package take to deliver? shipping times vary depending on what state you are located in and the carrier that is used to ship your package. most packages that leave our shelby twp., mi warehouse are delivered within 5 business days of leaving our facility. there are occasionally delays experienced due to weather conditions, etc. but typically are pretty quick. how do i track my domestic shipment? when your package leaves our warehouse, an emai wit the tracking number is generated and sent to you. if you do not see this, please check your spam or junk folder. you can go to the shipping carriers website and enter the tracking number or follow the link through the email we sent you. if you are trying to check the status the same day your order leaves our warehouse, the tracking will likely not be updated by the carrier yet as it has only recently been placed on the truck. you should try to check the tracking number the next day and it will likely work fine. what if my domestic shipment is lost? first check the tracking information for any updates or notes that it may be currently held at the shipping carriers location. if the tracking status says delivered and you do not have the package, we will have open a trace or claim with the shipping carrier. depending on the carrier, they typically make us wait a couple business days before starting the claim as the package sometimes "shows" up, whether it was a neighbor, etc. that had it. please get touch with one of our sales representatives by contacting orders@sportbiketrackgear.com or call 888-784-4327 during regular business hours as soon as you discover the package may have been lost. do you ship internationally? yes, stg accepts international orders and can easily ship most available items to our customers. what are the international shipping costs? shipping costs depend on the size, weight and measurements of your package. our sales representatives can give you an exact quote for your order if you send the specific items and shipping information to orders@sportbiketrackgear.com or call 888-784-4327 during regular business hours. what shipping methods are available for my international package? we ship most international packages via usps (united states postal service) international but also have the option to use fedex international. the shipping costs are much lower with usps and tracking is available. if you would like to use fedex over usps, that is not a problem, our sales representatives can give you an exact quote for your order if you send the specific items and shipping information to orders@sportbiketrackgear.com or call 888-784-4327 during regular business hours. how long does my international package take to deliver? shipping times vary depending on the country we are shipping to. typically we experience about 14 business days for international deliveries, barring any delays. your package has to be cleared by the united states customs office and then will continue shipping as normal. sometimes there are delays experienced with the customs office and this is completely out of our control. once the item arrives in the destination country, the package is then handled by their designated post office. how do i track my international shipment? when your package leaves our warehouse, an emai wit the tracking number is generated and sent to you. if you do not see this, please check your spam or junk folder. you can go to usps.com to enter the tracking number for status. if you are trying to check the status the same day your order leaves our warehouse, usps sometimes will show another packages tracking history or will not generate any status yet, this is because they reuse tracking numbers. you should try to check the tracking number the next day and it will likely work fine. what if my international shipment is lost? first check the tracking information and then with your local post office. if there is not an update to the tracking that appears accurate or nothing concrete with your local post office, we will have to open a trace with usps. the trace often takes several business days to receive an update from usps but this must be completed as the first step. once we have the results from the trace, we wil let you know and then determine how to proceed. the next step would like filing a claim if the package is lost and unfortunately, wait the timeframe specified by usps. are there restrictions for items that can be shipped internationally? yes, there are restrictions based upon international shipping laws. in addition to items that cannot be shipped internationally because of shipping it is something like a battery or oil, there are certain brands that have international restrictions such as shoei helmets, as they can only be sold within the united states. this will mostly depend on your countries rules and regulations. if there are questions regarding an item and if it can be shipped to you, get in touch with one of our sales representatives by contacting orders@sportbiketrackgear.com or call 888-784-4327 during regular business hours. are customs fees, brokerage fees and duties included in the international shipping cost? no, they are not. there is no way for stg to collect these fees or be able to accurately determine the actual fee. as an international customer, you are responsible for knowing that there is a possibilty these fees may be collected by your local government or customs office. this fee is seperate from the purchase price of the item and shipping fees that were incurred for getting the package to you. the requirement of customs, duties, etc. are not grounds for a return or refund of funds collected for the order. can you lower the declared amount on my package? no, we cannot lower the declared amount on the invoice of your international shipment. this must remain the purchase price to protect you as the consumer and stg as a business. it is also illegal to alter the amount and we are not able to do this on your order. i received the wrong part or it is damaged and i am an international customer? first of all, we apologize for the inconvenience and we will do everything necessary to get this resolved for you. please send a picture of the damage or wrong part to orders@sportbiketrackgear.com or call 888-784-4327 and we will start working on this for you. depending on the situation, we may have to initiate a claim with the shipping carrier. i do not speak english, is there someone there that can translate? no, unfortunately not at this time. please send us an email to orders@sportbiketrackgear.com and utilize google translate if possible. what form of payment is accepted for international orders? at this time, paypal is the preferred method of payment for international orders. can i pay with a wire transfer? yes, we can accept a wire transfer for high dollar orders. please get in touch with one of our sales representatives by contacting orders@sportbiketrackgear.com or call 888-784-4327 during regular business hours for instructions on how to proceed. × subscribe to the stg newsletter for updates, specials & deals email address company info about stg meet the team hours & location store policies returns f.a.q. popular info military customers sponsored riders careers request an rma parts shopping guides race suit guide helmets $399-1599 helmets $299-699 how to clean your motorcycle how to clean a motorcycle chain 520 chain and sprocket kit guide race bodywork shoot out new categories 2017 yamaha yzf-r1 2017 yamaha yzf-r3 2017 yamaha fz-07 2017 yamaha fz-09 2017 kawasaki ninja 300 2017 honda cbr1000rr sportbiketrackgear.com 56844 mound road shelby mi 48316 t: 888.784.4327 f: 586-786-0930 © copyright 2021 sportbike track gear. all rights reserved orders@sportbiketrackgear.com