来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20231226171535/https://www.sportbiketrackgear.com/store-policies/
================================================================================

store policies connect with us: 888.784.4327 help gift certificates f.a.q. my account sizing charts exchange/returns store policies hours/location contact us log in / register $ earn stg cash $ cart toggle menu menu search motorcycle apparel and parts specialists the best gear, service & price privacy blog about us policies hot spots gift certificates military hours / location exchange / returns privacy policy sponsored riders chain and sprocket kit guide 2014-2016 honda cbr1000rr project 2017 kawasaki z125 pro project bike 2011-2017 suzuki gsx-r600 project bike 2014-2017 yamaha fz-09 project bike 2015-2017 yamaha r1 project bike 2012-2014 yamaha r1 project bike 2015-2017 yamaha r3 project bike 2017-2018 yamaha r6 project bike contact search call helmets categories closeout helmets sportbike helmets race helmets touring helmets dual sport helmets full face helmets half helmets modular helmets off-road helmets open face helmets helmets w/ internal sun visor all helmets stg swag gift certificates featured brands agv helmets arai helmets bell helmets hjc helmets icon helmets scorpion helmets shark helmets shoei helmets shopping guides 2020 helmet shopping guide the best race/track day helmets full face $600 - $1699 full face $350 - $600 full face $200 - $350 full face $200 and under motorcycle helmet 101 helmet graphic of the week helmet fit faq do i need a new helmet? cheap vs expensive helmets helmet safety standards faq riding gear categories stg swag gift certificates base layers boots casual wear gloves heated gear helmets jackets pants protection / armor race suits rain gear women's gear featured brands agv sport alpinestars arai bell helmets cortech icon rs taichi rst scorpion exo shoei helmets sidi boots spidi apparel tcx boots shopping guides race suit shopping guide 2019 glove shopping guide motorcycle helmet 101 helmet graphic of the week race/sport boots $389 - $499 race/sport boots $249 - $395 race/sport helmets $399 - $1599 race/sport helmets $299 - $699 leather jackets closeouts categories helmets race suits motorcycle jackets boots / shoes gloves pants protection / armor women's gear van's garage sale stg swag gift certificates featured brands rst closeouts agv sport closeouts alpinestars closeouts bell closeouts icon closeouts scorpion closeouts spidi closeouts shoei closeouts parts categories motorcycle parts bike stands chains chemicals cleaner & polish lap timers 2 stroke oil 4 stroke oil tools stg swag gift certificates featured brands akrapovic exhaust crg driven racing dynojet research graves motorsports hotbodies racing m4 exhaust norton motorsports ohlins suspension vortex racing woodcraft yoshimura shopping guides chain and sprocket guide motorcycle battery 101 race track bike prep how to best sportbike mods race bodywork shootout 2022 yamaha r7 2015-2018 bmw s1000rr 2017-2021 suzuki gsxr 1000 2018-2021 kawasaki ninja 400 2015-2019 yamaha r1 2012-2014 yamaha r1 2017-2019 yamaha r6 2015-2018 yamaha r3 2014-2017 yamaha fz-09 2017-2019 kawasaki z125 pro 2011-2019 suzuki gsxr 600 2012-2016 honda cbr1000rr tires categories sportbike track day race sport touring oem replacement tires cruiser dual-sport off-road scooter vintage supermoto tire warmers tools stg swag gift certificates featured brands avon tyres bridgestone continental dunlop metzeler michelin pirelli shop oem tires aprilia bimota bmw buell ducati harley davidson honda kawasaki ktm piaggio suziki triumph vespa victory yamaha suits categories closeout suits knee sliders one piece suits two piece suits undersuits stg swag gift certificates featured brands rst alpinestars rs taichi spidi cortech held rev'it! shopping guides race suit shopping guide back protector shopping guide chest protector shopping guide jackets categories leather jackets leather / textile jackets mesh jackets textile jackets gore-tex jackets waterproof jackets womens motorcycle jackets casual jackets stg swag gift certificates shopping guides leather jackets shop by brand agv sport jackets alpinestars jackets cortech jackets icon jackets rev'it! jackets rst jackets rs taichi jackets scorpion jackets spidi jackets tourmaster jackets shop by styles sportbike jackets touring jackets classic / cruiser jackets adventure jackets accessories categories accessory mounts backpacks battery chargers bike covers bluetooth communicators cameras ear plugs gear bags hydration packs lap timers luggage oil & chemicals race track accessories security trailer accessories stands tire warmers tools stg swag gift certificates featured brands permatex motion pro motorex maxima motul aim sportline pitbull sena gopro how to guides best sportbike mods race track bike prep how to motorcycle cleaning guide motorcycle chain cleaning guide motorcycle stand buyers guide winterization guide brands shop featured helmet & apparel brands shop featured hard part brands gift certificates log in or register home store policies store policies important note: due to the damn coronapocolypse, high order volumes, high call volumes, supply side delays and shipping carrier delays we are seeing some minor delays with some orders. your business and your patience are both appreciated! when you order from sportbiketrackgear.com (stg) you can expect industry leading service every step of the way. stg was born from real passion and love for motorcycles over 10 years ago and that is the driving force behind everything we do. family owned and operated by brian van, wife marcine, kylee, max and sophia (the "guppie") with a dedicated staff of enthusiasts (truly some of the best people you will ever meet) you can expect to be treated like family each time you place an order. the policies outlined below are designed to keep you on the bike riding and make sure you get the level best value for every dollar you spend with us here at stg. store policies privacy policy return and refund policy warranty stg factory ride guarantee request a return ra# return/exchange policies: please visit our (returns and refunds page here) for a full explanation of our policy and steps on how to request an ra#. all products returned must be in new, unused condition with all packaging and tags included. if it has been "taken for a test ride" or installed on the bike it is no longer eligible unless it is defective, which would be a product warranty. please do not abuse this policy by ordering multiple (more than 2) of the same or similar item with the intention of returning the majority of your order. please contact a gear geek if you are unsure of sizing or application for any items prior to placing your order and we will be happy to help you narrow it down! if this policy is abused, we can charge a returning fee, restocking fee, or refuse service. eligible returns or exchanges must be arranged within 30 calendar days from date received. each return must have an approved ra# (return authorization number) and be shipped back to sportbike track gear within 10 business days from receipt of ra#. once you request an ra# go ahead and place a new order (online or over the phone) for the desired replacement, we will process the order and get it headed your way. when our team has received, and inspected the item (typically within 24 hours of landing at stg) your refund will be processed with a credit being applied to your original method of payment (credit card, pay pal etc...). please be aware that it can take 24-48 hours for the credit to show on your credit card account, this depends on your credit card company. if you use your stg cash that you have earned on an item, and then need to return the original item, the stg cash which was earned from the original purchase will be deducted from your refund. we reserve the right to apply a restocking fee when the item in question does not meet our return criteria. free shipping: if the new order qualifies, there is no charge for shipping on the exchange back to you. (see our shipping options here) you are only responsible for shipping the items to us here in shelby twp, mi. (remember we have prepaid labels (will be either ups or fedex) we can send you for $9.95) alaska, hawaii, apo and international orders do not qualify for free shipping and will need to arrange for their own return shipping as we are unable to send return labels internationally. note: please do not abuse this policy by ordering multiples of the same or similar items with the intention of returning a majority of the order. if you need assistance choosing the right size etc., please contact us and we will be happy to help! spiegler brake line kits due to the vast number of color combinations each of these line kits are custom made to order and are not returnable or refundable. in the unlikely event of an issue with the brake lines, stg is still here to help you. if your motorcycle has riser clip-ons, or any modifications that change the bar height/brake configuration, modifications such as added length may be required. please contact our team with any questions or modification requests prior to placing your order. stg reserves the right to use any and all communication between the customer and our staff for training or other purposes as deemed necessary. 30 day price match guarantee: if there is a price drop on an item purchased within 30 days from the date we made the pricing adjustment, we will issue a store credit for the difference to customers account. this includes closeout items we have listed and available, as long as we have the exact size, color and model you had purchased inside that 30 day period. the price match includes merchandise available with our competitors that are the same size, color and model. the stg factory ride guarantee our catalog is pretty big which can make choosing your next pair of gloves, race suit, motorcycle jacket or helmet a challenge. well we have worked hard to take the quess work out of your next riding gear purchase by putting our industry leading product knowledge to work for you. items you see marked on the category pages with the "stg" product flag have earned that because we believe in them and feel these will not disappoint our riders. items that have the stg factory ride guarantee in their product listing include next level product support to enure a great experience. read the details below to see we put our money where our mouth is. items that display this icon within their product description include an enhanced level of product support we will define further below. stg covers return shipping on these items for exchanges and returns. it is important to note that the item can not be ridden in (see below). in the unlikely event you have a warranty concern with one of these products our team will manage this for you. we make the arrangements, take care of the shipping, work with the manufacturer and make sure this gets sorted for you. (please note this is valid only during the warranty period defined by the manufacturer). important note: once an item has been ridden in it can not be returned unless it has a legitimate warranty issue. when you receive the item/s be sure to wear them in the house for a period of time to ensure the fit is right for you before hitting the road in it. make sure to keep the factory packaging, leave the tags on (at least keep them intact), keep the shield decal on the helmet and with boots only walk on the carpet. doing this keeps the item in new condition making the process smooth and easy for all of us. the fine print: the stg factory ride guarantee is available only on domestic orders. offer is valid only on non closeout items. please do not order multiple sizes of the same item. we will not cover the return shipping when this is done without prior approval from our staff. warranty: if you have a warranty issue with a product purchased from sportbiketrackgear.com that falls within the warranty guidelines of said product we are here to support and facilitate the warranty process. even though the responsibility for repair or replacement lies solely with the manufacturer you are our customer and we want to make sure issue is resolved. no warranty, written or implied is made on any products made or sold by sportbike track gear, llc. all descriptions given by sportbike track gear as to function are for reference only and are not a guarantee. sportbike track gear cannot assume any responsibility for personal injury, labor or other injury arising out of the use of any product manufactured or sold. sportbike track gear shall not, under any circumstances, be liable for any special, incidental or consequential damages, including but not limited to damage or loss of goods or claims of customers of the purchaser which may arise and or result from the sale, installation or use of these products. by purchasing or installing the product, the purchaser agrees to all of these terms. for further warranty information, please see further documentation from the manufacturer of your product. all product warranty is the sole responsibility of the manufacturer. sportbike track gear will assist you with any warranty claim to the best of it's ability as customer service is our top priority. all items that are returned to stg for manufacturer warranty consideration must have shipping paid to and from our warehouse. order processing policies: order status marked "order received": we have received your order and team stg is ready to process and get it shipped out to you. order status marked "order processed": our team has processed the order and are working to get it shipped out to you. once an order has been marked "order processed" it can not be modified or cancelled, as it is now in the queue to be shipped out to you. when processing online or phone orders, it is sometimes necessary to request additional documentation relating to customers credit card, billing information or shipping address. this process may cause delays in order processing and may be requested with first time customers, existing customers with new personal information, high dollar orders, large quantity orders and any other order that is deemed necessary at the discretion of stg staff. all orders can be paid via paypal and is an acceptable form of payment if customer doesn't wish to provide the information that may be requested above. information collected according to the terms above are used for the use of fraud screening, prevention and protection only. customers personal information is not stored and is used for screening purposes at the time of order only. fraud is not tolerated and will be reported to the internet crime complaint center (ic3) that is a partnered with the federal bureau of investigation (fbi) and the national white collar crime center (nw3c). gift certs expire after a 3 year period. in the event there is an error with information included in the listing we will work to get this sorted out for you. we reserve the right to cancel and refund an order if the pricing was incorrect or informaiton in the listing supplied by the manufacturer does not match the item or contents of the kit. × subscribe to the stg newsletter for updates, specials & deals email address company info about stg meet the team hours & location privacy policy store policies returns f.a.q. popular info military customers sponsored riders careers request an rma parts shopping guides race suit guide helmets $399-1599 helmets $299-699 how to clean your motorcycle how to clean a motorcycle chain 520 chain and sprocket kit guide race bodywork shoot out new categories 2017 yamaha yzf-r1 2017 yamaha yzf-r3 2017 yamaha fz-07 2017 yamaha fz-09 2017 kawasaki ninja 300 2017 honda cbr1000rr sportbiketrackgear.com 56844 mound road shelby mi 48316 t: 888.784.4327 f: 586-786-0930 © copyright 2023 sportbike track gear. all rights reserved orders@sportbiketrackgear.com