来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20241231210902/https://www.sportbiketrackgear.com/returns
================================================================================

sportbiketrackgear hassle free return and exchange policy 0 facebook x youtube instagram call us: 888.784.4327 bike builds 2015-2018 bmw s1000rr project bike 2014-2016 honda cbr1000rr project 2018-2023 kawasaki ninja 400 project bike 2017-2024 kawasaki z125 pro project bike 2011-2024 suzuki gsx-r600 project bike 2017-2024 suzuki gsx-r1000 project bike 2014-2017 yamaha fz-09 project bike 2022-2024 yamaha r7 project bike 2015-2024 yamaha r1 project bike 2012-2014 yamaha r1 project bike 2015-2024 yamaha r3 project bike 2017-2018 yamaha r6 project bike hot spots $ earn stg cash $ 2024 motoamerica supersport military customers sponsored riders chain and sprocket kit guide helmet shopping guide race suit shopping guide sport and race boot guide sport and race glove guide race bodywork guide motorcycle cleaning guide motorcycle chain cleaning guide race glove shootout motorcycle helmet f.a.q. motorcycle ecu flash. do i need to do it? help gift certificates f.a.q. my account sizing charts exchange / returns store policies privacy policy hours / location contact us motorcycle apparel and parts specialists the best gear, service & price search account 0 cart cart helmets categories closeout helmets sportbike helmets race helmets touring helmets dual sport helmets full face helmets half helmets modular helmets off-road helmets open face helmets helmets w/ internal sun visor all helmets stg swag gift certificates featured brands agv helmets arai helmets bell helmets hjc helmets icon helmets scorpion helmets shark helmets shoei helmets shopping guides 2020 helmet shopping guide the best race/track day helmets full face $600 - $1699 full face $350 - $600 full face $200 - $350 full face $200 and under motorcycle helmet 101 helmet graphic of the week helmet fit faq do i need a new helmet? cheap vs expensive helmets helmet safety standards faq riding gear categories stg swag gift certificates base layers boots casual wear gloves heated gear helmets jackets pants protection / armor race suits rain gear women's gear featured brands agv sport alpinestars arai bell helmets cortech icon rs taichi rst scorpion exo shoei helmets sidi boots spidi apparel tcx boots shopping guides 24-25 race glove shopping guide race suit shopping guide motorcycle helmet 101 helmet graphic of the week race/sport boots $389 - $499 race/sport boots $249 - $395 race/sport helmets $399 - $1599 race/sport helmets $299 - $699 leather jackets closeouts categories helmets race suits motorcycle jackets boots / shoes gloves pants protection / armor women's gear van's garage sale stg swag gift certificates featured brands rst closeouts agv sport closeouts alpinestars closeouts bell closeouts icon closeouts scorpion closeouts spidi closeouts shoei closeouts parts categories motorcycle parts bike stands chains chemicals cleaner & polish lap timers 2 stroke oil 4 stroke oil tools stg swag gift certificates featured brands akrapovic exhaust crg driven racing dynojet research graves motorsports hotbodies racing m4 exhaust norton motorsports ohlins suspension vortex racing woodcraft yoshimura shopping guides gb racing engine covers v. chinesium counterfeits motorcycle ecu flash. do i need to do it? 2024 max van motoamerica supersport season motorcycle stand buyers guide the truth about cheap motorcycle levers chain and sprocket guide how to change a motorcycle tire motorcycle battery 101 race track bike prep how to best sportbike mods race bodywork shootout stg project bikes 2022-2024 yamaha r7 2015-2018 bmw s1000rr 2017-2024 suzuki gsxr 1000 2018-2023 kawasaki ninja 400 2015-2024 yamaha r1 2012-2014 yamaha r1 2017-2019 yamaha r6 2015-2024 yamaha r3 2014-2017 yamaha fz-09 2017-2024 kawasaki z125 pro 2011-2024 suzuki gsxr 600 2012-2016 honda cbr1000rr tires categories sportbike track day race sport touring oem replacement tires cruiser dual-sport off-road scooter vintage supermoto tire warmers tools stg swag gift certificates featured brands avon tyres bridgestone continental dunlop metzeler michelin pirelli shop oem tires aprilia bimota bmw buell ducati harley davidson honda kawasaki ktm piaggio suziki triumph vespa victory yamaha suits categories closeout suits knee sliders one piece suits two piece suits undersuits stg swag gift certificates featured brands rst alpinestars rs taichi spidi cortech held rev'it! shopping guides race suit shopping guide back protector shopping guide chest protector shopping guide jackets categories leather jackets leather / textile jackets mesh jackets textile jackets gore-tex jackets waterproof jackets womens motorcycle jackets casual jackets stg swag gift certificates shopping guides leather jackets shop by brand agv sport jackets alpinestars jackets cortech jackets icon jackets rev'it! jackets rst jackets rs taichi jackets scorpion jackets spidi jackets tourmaster jackets shop by styles sportbike jackets touring jackets classic / cruiser jackets adventure jackets accessories categories accessory mounts backpacks battery chargers bike covers bluetooth communicators cameras ear plugs gear bags hydration packs lap timers luggage oil & chemicals race track accessories security trailer accessories stands tire warmers tools stg swag gift certificates featured brands permatex motion pro motorex maxima motul aim sportline pitbull sena gopro how to guides best sportbike mods race track bike prep how to motorcycle cleaning guide motorcycle chain cleaning guide motorcycle stand buyers guide winterization guide brands shop featured helmet & apparel brands shop featured hard part brands gift certificates sign in or register facebook x youtube instagram home stg no hassle return & refund guide stg no hassle return & refund guide important note: due to high order volumes, high call volumes, supply side delays and shipping carrier delays we are seeing some minor delays with some orders. your business and your patience are both appreciated! starting your return: login to your sportbiketrackgear.com account (my account) and go to your order in the "completed orders" section. click on the "return item(s)" button next to the order you would like to return item(s) on. next select the item(s) you want to return by selecting a quantity to the right of each product. select a reason for your return and select a return action. please include any relevant notes in the provided area. click the "submit return request" button to complete the request. our team will review the request and send an ra# your way. go ahead and place a new order online for the replacement item to ensure you get what you want before it sells out. the fit of that new gear wasn't what you hoped or you're just not happy with an item? any item in new and unused condition can be sent back for a refund to your original method of payment within 30 days from when it was delivered. we do not charge restocking fees and we have convenient prepaid shipping labels (will be either ups or fedex) we can send you to make the process smooth and fast. at stg, you can trust that your return will always be a hassle free process. we've worked very hard on improving this process over the years to make it as simple and quick as possible. most items (including closeout products) are subject to a 30 day return and exchange period, from the day you receive the product, all you have to do is request an ra# through your account to get the process started. let our gear experts work for you, if there is ever a question on fit, finish or how to proceed with a return, please contact us for assistance! refund policy defined: all products returned must be in new, unused condition with all packaging and tags included. if it has been "taken for a test ride" or installed on the bike it is no longer eligible unless it is defective, which would be a product warranty. please do not abuse this policy by ordering multiple (more than 2) of the same or similar item with the intention of returning the majority of your order. please contact a gear geek if you are unsure of sizing or application for any items prior to placing your order and we will be happy to help you narrow it down! if this policy is abused, we can charge a returning fee, restocking fee, or refuse service. eligible returns or exchanges must be arranged within 30 calendar days from date received. request an ra# (return authorization number), once it is approved you will need to ship the item back to sportbike track gear within 10 business days from receipt of ra#. once you request an ra# go ahead and place a new order (online or over the phone) for the desired replacement, we will process the order and get it headed your way. when our team has received and inspected the item (typically within 24 hours it landing at stg) your refund will be processed with a credit being applied to your original method of payment (credit card, pay pal etc...). please be aware that it can take 24-48 hours for the credit to show on your credit card account, this depends on your credit card company. if you use your stg cash that you have earned on an item, and then need to return the original item, the stg cash which was earned from the original purchase will be deducted from your refund. you are responsible for shipping costs associated with getting the returned item back to our michigan stg warehouse. (remember we have prepaid shipping labels (we can send you for $9.95) the return or exchange must be shipped back to sportbike track gear within 10 business days from receipt of ra#. we reserve the right to apply a restocking fee when the item in question does not meet our return criteria. end of the day the item needs to come back in the same condition you would expect to receive it in as a new order. exchanging an item: once you have sent in a request for a return, go ahead and place a new order for the replacement item. this is the absolute best way to ensure you get the item you want and get it fast. (remember stock can be limited and possibly sell out, stake your claim on that great deal while it's available!) if you use your stg cash that you have earned on an item, and then need to return the original item, the stg cash which was earned from the original purchase will be deducted from your refund. if the exchange item you are ordering qualifies for free shipping there will be no additional charge for freight. product warranty: most brands / manufacturers offer a warranty period which covers against material and or worksmanship defects. for more information on a the warranty policy on a specific product please contact the manufacturer or contact us. processing a warranty claim can take 4-8 weeks and will be subject to the policy of the brand / manufacturer of the item in question. manufacturer warranties do not cover defects determined to be caused by normal wear or due to customer negligence. most warranty concerns / claims will go through the brand / manufacturer for the item in question. in most cases the item will need to be sent back to the brand / manufacturer and not stg. shipping for product warranty is not covered by stg if the item was delivered more than 30 days previous to the product warranty request. shipping options for returns: stg customers in the lower 48 united states can request a pre-paid shipping label (will be either ups or fedex) for a minor $9.95 fee when requesting an ra#. this amount will be deducted from the refund once the return has been received and processed. alaska, hawaii, apo and international orders will need to arrange for their own return shipping as we are unable to send return labels internationally. all stg customers have the option of using their choice of carriers when sending an item back. we strongly suggest using a method that includes both insurance and proper tracking. any and all return shipments sent back to stg must be pre-paid, no c.o.d. packages will be accepted. ineligible items: spiegler brake line kits due to the vast number of color combinations each of these line kits are custom made to order and are not returnable or refundable. in the unlikely event of an issue with the brake lines, stg is still here to help you. if your motorcycle has riser clip-ons, or any modifications that change the bar height/brake configuration, modifications such as added length may be required. please contact our team with any questions or modification requests prior to placing your order. flashtune products due to the way flashtune licenses their products, we are unable to accept any returns on flashtune products. race bodywork kits (armour bodies, catalyst composites, hotbodies racing and sharkskinz) are not eligible for return. if you require support after the sale with race bodywork we are here to help. in the event you require service after the sale we are here to support you. no one knows more about race bodywork and how to install it. electrical items where the box has been opened. any tools with opened packaging or have been removed from the original package may not be returned. special order items and or any item made to a custom specification (custom size, color etc...) note: any item that is not included on our website and is requested for purchase by the customer/rider would be defined as "special order" and cannot be returned. used or installed merchandise of any sort. exception items: tires may be returned if unused. refund will be less the actual shipping cost we paid to get the item to you. additionally these are not eligible for stg pre-paid return labels. motorcycle stands and trailer restraints may be returned for refund. refund will be less the actual shipping cost we paid to get the item to you. additionally these are not eligible for stg pre-paid return labels. defective items are handled on a case by case basis and typically a warranty concern. (please see warranty terms) returns and refunds via mail for online and phone orders initiating your exchange or return: logging in to your sportbiketrackgear.com account (my account) and find your order in the "completed orders" section. click on the "return item(s)" button next to the order you would like to return item(s) on. next select the items you want to return by selecting a quantity to the right of each product. select a reason for your return and select a return action so we know if you want an exchange, refund or a store credit. click the "submit return request" button to complete the request. please follow the below instructions for packing your return for shipment back to sportbiketrackgear: secure all items in their original packaging before putting your items in the shipping box. you may use any size box that you choose, but you cannot use the manufacturers packaging as the shipping box! tape the box closed and make sure all existing tape already on the box is either secure enough for the return trip or re-tape it. follow the return instructions located in the ra# approval email that you have received from us. ship the package back using the shipping method of your choice. when we receive the original item(s), we will process your request. if there was an error on our part related to your order, we will issue a credit for your order and any applicable shipping charges. if you are requesting a replacement item, we will then proceed with shipping your replacement item. refunds may take 5-7 business days to process. return your items in our shop if exchanging, we recommend calling ahead to verify the replacement item is in stock. bring the item, packing slip and all original packing materials and accessories to the following address: 56844 mound road, shelby township, mi 48316 if you do not have the original packing slip, you may print out a copy of your order details from my account. close × ! ok cancel subscribe to the stg newsletter for updates, specials & deals email address company info about stg hours & location privacy policy store policies returns f.a.q. popular info military customers sponsored riders request an rma parts shopping guides race glove shootout motorcycle helmet f.a.q. motorcycle ecu flash. do i need to do it? how to clean your motorcycle how to clean a motorcycle chain 520 chain and sprocket kit guide 2024 motoamerica supersport new categories 2024 kawasaki ninja 500 2024 kawasaki zx6r 2024 suzuki gsx-8r 2024 suzuki gsx-r750 2024 yamaha r7 2024 yamaha r1 sportbiketrackgear.com 56844 mound road shelby mi 48316 t: 888.784.4327 © copyright 2025 sportbike track gear. all rights reserved orders@sportbiketrackgear.com