来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20110822212706/http://www.thegreatcourses.com/tgc/courses/courses.aspx?s=850&ps=918
================================================================================

civilization & culture courses 1-800-832-2412 help & customer service about us shopping cart recently viewed my account home courses professors recommendations new & featured special sale - 70% off new releases best sellers special set offers complete a-z listing courses under $40 courses by topic science & mathematics math astronomy physics biology earth science history of science social science other special sets history classical world american history other modern history other ancient history medieval history renaissance & early modern civilization & culture special sets fine arts & music art history music special sets religion & theology christianity judaism general special sets philosophy & intellectual history ancient philosophy medieval & religious philosophy modern philosophy understanding the mind intellectual history special sets literature & english language english literature other literature linguistics special sets business & economics better living professional high school find a course keyword or course # learn more about the great courses what are the great courses? about our sales lifetime guarantee recommendations "whether they're commuting to work or hammering out miles on the treadmill, people have made these professors part of the fabric of their lives."—christian science monitor more testimonials newsletter sign-up be notified of special promotions and new releases (privacy policy) your email address civilization & culture learn more about who you are—and how other people live their lives—with these courses on the myriad wonders of human civilizations and cultures from around the world. thumbnails descriptions titles back 1 next 1-13 of 13 15 per page 25 per page 50 per page view all show all courses & sets (13) courses only (13) sets only (0) available in any format dvd video download cd audio download sort by best sellers new releases average customer rating title: a to z title: z to a include sale items only (3) the world was never the same: events that changed history professor j. rufus fears the catholic church: a history professor william r. cook from yao to mao: 5000 years of chinese history professor kenneth j. hammond foundations of western civilization ii: a history of the modern western world professor robert bucholz save up to $390 big history: the big bang, life on earth, and the rise of humanity professor david christian a brief history of the world professor peter n. stearns history of the english language, 2nd edition professor seth lerer war and world history professor jonathan p. roth save up to $410 high school level—world history: the fertile crescent to the american revolution professor linwood thompson save up to $175 doctors: the history of scientific medicine revealed through biography professor sherwin b. nuland history of freedom professor j. rufus fears african experience: from "lucy" to mandela professor kenneth p. vickery making history: how great historians interpret the past professor allen c. guelzo the world was never the same: events that changed history professor j. rufus fears join storyteller and award-winning professor j. rufus fears as he presents what he considers to be the 36 defining moments in our past with the world was never the same: events that changed history. this course is an intriguing tour of history, from the creation of the code of hammurabi to the opening battles of the american revolution to the terrorist attacks of september 11th. using his impressive ability to draw lessons from the past, professor fears gives you new insights into familiar and unfamiliar events. the catholic church: a history professor william r. cook explore the vast and fascinating history of one of the most influential institutions in the world with the catholic church: a history. in 36 informative and engaging lectures, follow the development of this powerful religious force throughout the centuries and witness its ability to move armies, inspire saints, and shape the lives and spirits of its more than 1 billion members. with noted historian and professor william r. cook, you'll quickly realize why no understanding of western civilization is complete without an understanding of the catholic church. from yao to mao: 5000 years of chinese history professor kenneth j. hammond in a world grown increasingly smaller, china seems somehow to remain as most of us have always seen it: a land far away and exotic, its history and thoughts veiled from most westerners. yet behind that veil lies one of the most amazing civilizations the world has ever known. join award-winning professor kenneth j. hammond for an in-depth exploration into china's fascinating history. every lecture of this course may seem like a journey across a virgin landscape, for the ground it covers has been largely unexplored in the history courses most of us in the west have taken. save up to $390 foundations of western civilization ii: a history of the modern western world professor robert bucholz more than just a history of western civilization, foundations of western civilization ii is a course about the meaning of civilization itself. taught by professor robert bucholz, it promises profound rewards for students of history at every level, a grand narrative of the past five centuries—of social progress, political evolution, industrialization, and other economic factors—within a coherent context for events and trends, and clarifies the legacies those centuries have bequeathed us. big history: the big bang, life on earth, and the rise of humanity professor david christian the history of everything—from the beginning of the universe to the modern day—is a monumental story you explore in big history: the big bang, life on earth, and the rise of humanity. taught by award-winning professor david christian, this course offers you a unique opportunity to view human history in the context of the many histories that surround it. in 48 thought-provoking lectures, you traverse the sweeping expanse of cosmic history as seen through the conventional scale of history, the larger scales of biology and geology, and the universal scale of cosmology. with its awe-inspiring scope, big history provides you with a new way to understand history and our place in the universe. a brief history of the world professor peter n. stearns in a brief history of the world, you'll apprehend "the big picture" of world history from the invention of agriculture in the neolithic era to the urbanized, technological world of the 21st century. it's a compelling overview of the human experience presented by an award-winning teacher, professor peter n. stearns. you'll examine and compare the peoples, cultures, and nations of europe, asia, africa, and the americas to understand how, throughout history, peoples all over the world have connected and interacted, traded goods and technology, and conquered and learned from each other. history of the english language, 2nd edition professor seth lerer sixteen centuries ago a wave of settlers from northern europe came to the british isles speaking a mix of germanic dialects. today we call that dialect old english, the ancestor of the language nearly one in five people in the world speaks every day. how did this ancient tongue evolve into the elegant idiom of chaucer, shakespeare, and other great writers? and how does english continue develop today? the history of the english language, 2nd edition, is professor seth lerer’s revised and updated investigation of the remarkable history of english. save up to $410 war and world history professor jonathan p. roth take a highly provocative look at history with war and world history. in these 48 intriguing lectures, celebrated military historian and professor jonathan p. roth offers you fresh insights into human society through a penetrating look at the effects of war. far from a traditional approach to military events, this panoramic course is the story of the intimate interconnections of war with human cultures and societies across five continents—and how these connections have shaped history. a penetrating view of the contexts and meanings of war, this course is essential for your understanding of the evolution of civilization. save up to $175 high school level—world history: the fertile crescent to the american revolution professor linwood thompson professor linwood thompson teaches history by using costumes, research, and acting skills to portray representative characters from eras of history ranging from 3500 b.c. to the 1780s. he sees to it that students enjoy themselves naturally while learning world history thoroughly—a winning combination. doctors: the history of scientific medicine revealed through biography professor sherwin b. nuland what major discoveries made modern medicine possible? who were the fascinating individuals responsible for these discoveries? what qualities prepared each of them for their unique roles in medical history? discover the answers in doctors: the history of scientific medicine revealed. here, professor sherwin b. nuland draws on the lives of 12 of medicine's greatest contributors to tell the human story behind the development of western scientific medicine. by revealing the human side of science, this insightful course proves just how compelling a story is the scope of medical history. history of freedom professor j. rufus fears join historian and classical scholar j. rufus fears as he tells the dramatic story of history’s most powerful idea from ancient greece to our own day. what did freedom mean to abraham lincoln—and to robert e. lee? what did it mean to franklin roosevelt, winston churchill, and martin luther king? what does it mean to us today? find out in this deeply moving, thought-provoking course. african experience: from "lucy" to mandela professor kenneth p. vickery the story of africa is the oldest and most event-filled chronicle of human activity on the planet. this course traces the story of the sub-saharan region from the earliest evidence of human habitation to the latest challenges facing african nations in the 21st century. africa’s people, places, languages, and customs will come vividly to life, and you will be able to follow events in present-day africa in their deep historical context. making history: how great historians interpret the past professor allen c. guelzo how did the world's great historians create their monumental histories? what are their unique motives and visions in doing so? and what role does the historian's viewpoint play in what you accept as truth? in making history: how great historians interpret the past, veteran teaching company professor allen c. guelzo takes you deep inside the minds of our greatest historians—including herodotus, thucydides, david hume, and edward gibbon—as they write about and shape humanity's story. told through enthralling historical anecdotes, these 24 lectures invite you to travel into mankind's fundamental desire to record and understand the complexities of the world. the world was never the same: events that changed history the catholic church: a history from yao to mao: 5000 years of chinese history foundations of western civilization ii: a history of the modern western world big history: the big bang, life on earth, and the rise of humanity a brief history of the world history of the english language, 2nd edition war and world history high school level—world history: the fertile crescent to the american revolution doctors: the history of scientific medicine revealed through biography history of freedom african experience: from "lucy" to mandela making history: how great historians interpret the past back 1 next 1-13 of 13 15 per page 25 per page 50 per page view all contact us| privacy policy| site map| gift certificates| affiliate program| careers © this site and content copyright 2011. the teaching company, llc. site contents are also protected by other copyrights and trademarks. all rights reserved. ssl