来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20131231045539/http://www.thegreatcourses.com/tgc/courses/Courses.aspx?ps=901
================================================================================

business & economics | the great courses® javascript is not enabled in your browser. you must have javascript enabled for the best experience on our site and to make a purchase. learn how to enable javascript in your browser or call 1-800-832-2412 for assistance. use coupon code shipfree *free domestic shipping applies to orders shipped in the us only. use coupon code shipfree *free domestic shipping applies to orders shipped in the us only. 1-800-832-2412 help & customer service about us shopping cart recently viewed practicing mindfulness: an introduction to meditation my account home courses professors recommendations new & featured holiday gift guide special sale - 70% off new releases best sellers special set offers complete a-z listing courses under $40 courses by topic science & mathematics math astronomy physics biology earth science history of science social science other special sets history classical world american history other modern history other ancient history medieval history renaissance & early modern civilization & culture special sets fine arts & music art history music special sets religion & theology christianity judaism general special sets philosophy & intellectual history ancient philosophy medieval & religious philosophy modern philosophy understanding the mind intellectual history special sets literature & english language english literature other literature linguistics special sets business & economics better living professional high school have a priority code? apply priority codes what are priority codes? priority codes are on the back of the catalog, mail promotion, or within an advertisement. to ensure that the pricing on the website is the same as what is in your catalog or advertisement, please enter the priority code provided. priority code applied apply a different code priority codes what are priority codes? priority codes are on the back of the catalog, mail promotion, or within an advertisement. to ensure that the pricing on the website is the same as what is in your catalog or advertisement, please enter the priority code provided. deal gone in: offer details business & economics courses whether it's the strategies of effective decision making or the inner workings of our globalized economy, business and economics are fundamental aspects of daily life. so why not master them both with the help of expert economists and award-winning professors? thumbnails descriptions titles back 1 2 3 next 1-15 of 35 15 per page 25 per page 50 per page view all show all courses & sets (35) courses only (21) sets only (14) available in any format video download audio download dvd cd sort by best sellers new releases average customer rating title: a to z title: z to a include sale items only (35) understanding investments professor connel fullenkamp save up to $185 financial literacy: finding your way in the financial markets professor connel fullenkamp save up to $185 behavioral economics: when psychology and economics collide professor scott huettel save up to $185 money and banking: what everyone should know professor michael k. salemi save up to $275 art of critical decision making professor michael a. roberto save up to $185 foundations of economic prosperity professor daniel w. drezner save up to $185 thinking like an economist: a guide to rational decision making professor randall bartlett save up to $160 transformational leadership: how leaders change teams, companies, and organizations professor michael a. roberto save up to $185 economics, 3rd edition professor timothy taylor save up to $275 games people play: game theory in life, business, and beyond professor scott p. stevens save up to $185 thinking about capitalism professor jerry z. muller save up to $275 understanding complexity professor scott e. page save up to $165 unexpected economics professor timothy taylor save up to $185 america and the new global economy professor timothy taylor save up to $275 china, india, and the united states: the future of economic supremacy professor peter rodriguez starting at $19.95 save up to $185 understanding investments professor connel fullenkamp learn how to invest with skill and confidence to attain your financial goals with the 24 timely and informative lectures of understanding investments. economist and professor connel fullenkamp explains the fundamentals of investing to those new to the subject while broadening and deepening the knowledge of more experienced investors. he clearly explains the various kinds of financial markets, the different kinds of investments available to you, and the pros and cons of each—and shows you how to evaluate each of these in terms of your own financial situation and goals. save up to $185 financial literacy: finding your way in the financial markets professor connel fullenkamp with record-breaking highs one minute and economy-rocking lows the next—not to mention arcane rules and ambiguous terminology—it can seem as if there’s no way to feel truly comfortable in the financial markets. but there is, and it’s more accessible than you might think. financial literacy: finding your way in the financial markets is an essential primer on this domain, from its functions, strengths, and possibilities to its weaknesses and vulnerabilities. in 24 eye-opening lectures, award-winning professor connel fullenkamp of duke university reveals the interconnected workings of the financial markets and how society’s financial strength—and your own—depend on money continuing to move through these channels. you’ll come to understand just how interdependent the world’s markets have become; feel newly at ease in the realm of stocks, bonds, derivatives, and credit; and be better able to make informed decisions for your financial future. save up to $185 behavioral economics: when psychology and economics collide professor scott huettel behavioral economics is the scientific study of decision making, and of the related topics of valuation, exchange, and interpersonal interactions. drawing on methods from psychology, sociology, neurology, and economics, this remarkable discipline illuminates one of the most deeply fundamental activities of human existence: the decision process. in behavioral economics: when psychology and economics collide, award-winning professor scott huettel of duke university leads you in a penetrating look at the processes of decision making that are an integral part of human life. in 24 revealing lectures, you’ll study how behavioral economists look at decision making and explore a set of core principles that offer profound insight into how we gather information and integrate multiple factors to reach decisions. save up to $275 money and banking: what everyone should know professor michael k. salemi get a penetrating look at the financial institutions that are fundamental to your life with the 36 detailed lectures of money and banking: what everyone should know. award-winning professor michael k. salemi investigates a range of pivotal and fascinating topics. among these: the history of money; how money is created by commercial and central banks; the role of public confidence in the stability of financial systems; the psychology of stock market "bubbles"; the connection between wall street and main street; and more. save up to $185 art of critical decision making professor michael a. roberto making a good decision is a skill—one that can be learned, honed, and perfected. now, approach the important decisions in your life with a more seasoned, educated eye. the art of critical decision making explores how individuals, groups, and organizations make effective choices. these 24 fascinating lectures also provide you with the skills and techniques you need to enhance the effectiveness of your own decision making. taught by professor michael a. roberto—a scholar of managerial decision making—this course is an engaging and practical guide to one of the most fundamental activities in your everyday life. save up to $185 foundations of economic prosperity professor daniel w. drezner get an unrivaled overview of one of the most pressing issues of our day in foundations of economic prosperity, 24 lectures taught by professor daniel w. drezner of the prestigious fletcher school of law and diplomacy at tufts university. professor drezner leads you to fundamental insights about how the modern world works and an understanding of the functioning of the u.s., european, chinese, and other major economies, as well as an appreciation for the special problems faced by underdeveloped nations. save up to $160 thinking like an economist: a guide to rational decision making professor randall bartlett discover why "thinking like an economist" can give you newfound confidence in a range of financial and personal situations. with thinking like an economist: a guide to rational decision making, you'll learn how to identify the varied situations in which economics affects your life—and how to wield the tools economists use to help you make the wisest choices in those situations. award-winning professor randall bartlett's 12 lectures are perhaps the most practical economics course you'll ever take. save up to $185 transformational leadership: how leaders change teams, companies, and organizations professor michael a. roberto get an essential guide to the dynamics of transformational leadership with transformational leadership: how leaders change teams, companies, and organizations. professor michael a. roberto's 24 lectures examine the leadership behaviors essential to creating positive change in teams and organizations. filled with case studies and lessons from leaders in business and politics, as well as specific skills you can put to use in your own career, this course is a must-have handbook for leaders everywhere. save up to $275 economics, 3rd edition professor timothy taylor we are all economists—when we work, buy, save, invest, pay taxes, and vote. it repays us many times over to be good economists. economic issues are active in our lives every day. this course helps you think about and discuss economic issues that affect you and the nation every day—interest rates, unemployment, personal investing, budget deficits, globalization, and many more—with a greater level of knowledge and sophistication. throughout this course, professor timothy taylor helps you apply what you are learning to many of today's most frequently discussed issues. save up to $185 games people play: game theory in life, business, and beyond professor scott p. stevens game theory—the science of interactive, rational decision making—helps us understand how and why we make decisions. it also provides insights into human endeavors including biology, politics, and economics. in games people play: game theory in life, business, and beyond, business consultant and award-winning professor scott p. stevens helps you understand this profoundly important field. throughout these 24 enlightening lectures, you explore the fundamentals of game theory in an engaging, comprehensible manner. you investigate the field's classic games, encounter its greatest minds, and discover its real world applications in arenas including corporate negotiations, foreign policy—and your everyday life. save up to $275 thinking about capitalism professor jerry z. muller in an era of increasing globalization, capitalism plays a dramatic role in the world economy and your everyday life. explore the wealth of perspectives on this pervasive economic force in thinking about capitalism, and gain fresh insights into capitalism's history, its proponents and opponents, and its startling impact on our world. drawing on his exceptional ability to frame each thinker's concerns within its historical context, intellectual historian and professor jerry z. muller takes you beyond economic analysis to look at capitalism's many moral, political, and cultural ramifications. these 36 engaging lectures are the perfect way to grasp the intricacies of this vital economic system. save up to $165 understanding complexity professor scott e. page discover and grasp the fundamentals and applications of the amazing field of complexity science with understanding complexity. professor scott e. page—one of the field's most highly regarded teachers and researchers—shows you how complexity science helps us understand the nature and behavior of financial markets, corporations, native cultures, governments, and other systems that play important roles in our increasingly complex world. by the conclusion of the course, you'll have attained a new lens through which to better view and make sense of your world. save up to $185 unexpected economics professor timothy taylor grasp as never before the ways in which economics operates in areas you may never have considered. delivered by acclaimed economist and professor timothy taylor, the 24 lectures of unexpected economics offer a wide-ranging investigation of how economic thinking—whether applied personally, nationally, or globally—relates to, and sheds fresh light on, just about everything. using findings from recent nobel prize winners and leading-edge fields like behavioral economics, professor taylor explores the economics behind subjects such as discrimination, natural disasters, charity, and even terrorism. save up to $275 america and the new global economy professor timothy taylor join expert economist and award-winning professor timothy taylor as he takes you through the last 50 years of world economic history. in the 36 lectures of america and the new global economy, travel beyond the economy of the united states and explore the recent history of economies in countries and regions such as china, india, the middle east, and latin america. study international perspectives on the new global economy, focus on important economic issues ranging from international labor flows to population growth, and develop a deeper understanding of our increasingly interconnected economic world—and america's role within it. starting at $19.95 china, india, and the united states: the future of economic supremacy professor peter rodriguez in the six provocative lectures of china, india, and the united states: the future of economic supremacy, noted economist and award-winning professor peter rodriguez previews what the next few decades of the global economy will look like in the wake of the miraculous growth rates of china and india. you'll also uncover what these developments mean for the economic future of the united states of america. understanding investments financial literacy: finding your way in the financial markets behavioral economics: when psychology and economics collide money and banking: what everyone should know art of critical decision making foundations of economic prosperity thinking like an economist: a guide to rational decision making transformational leadership: how leaders change teams, companies, and organizations economics, 3rd edition games people play: game theory in life, business, and beyond thinking about capitalism understanding complexity unexpected economics america and the new global economy china, india, and the united states: the future of economic supremacy modern economic issues why economies rise or fall legacies of great economists history of the u.s. economy in the 20th century business law: contracts business law: negligence and torts understanding complexity & games people play: game theory in life, business, and beyond (set) behavioral economics: when psychology and economics collide & thinking like an economist: a guide to rational decision making (set) behavioral economics: when psychology and economics collide & understanding the mysteries of human behavior (set) behavioral economics: when psychology and economics collide & unexpected economics (set) america and the new global economy & economics, 3rd edition (set) foundations of economic prosperity & money and banking: what everyone should know (set) thinking about capitalism & modern economic issues (set) understanding investments & thinking like an economist understanding investments & money and banking financial literacy: finding your way in the financial markets & understanding investments (set) financial literacy: finding your way in the financial markets & money and banking: what everyone should know (set) financial literacy: finding your way in the financial markets & economics, 3rd edition (set) transformational leadership & art of conflict management (set) your guide to money and the economy back 1 2 3 next 1-15 of 35 15 per page 25 per page 50 per page view all about us| contact us| terms & conditions| privacy policy| site map| gift certificates| affiliate program| travel| digital catalog| careers| podcast © this site and content copyright 2013. the teaching company, llc. site contents are also protected by other copyrights and trademarks. all rights reserved.