来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20131231045539/http://www.thegreatcourses.com/tgc/courses/courses.aspx?s=801&ps=904
================================================================================

art history | the great courses® javascript is not enabled in your browser. you must have javascript enabled for the best experience on our site and to make a purchase. learn how to enable javascript in your browser or call 1-800-832-2412 for assistance. use coupon code shipfree *free domestic shipping applies to orders shipped in the us only. use coupon code shipfree *free domestic shipping applies to orders shipped in the us only. 1-800-832-2412 help & customer service about us shopping cart recently viewed practicing mindfulness: an introduction to meditation my account home courses professors recommendations new & featured holiday gift guide special sale - 70% off new releases best sellers special set offers complete a-z listing courses under $40 courses by topic science & mathematics math astronomy physics biology earth science history of science social science other special sets history classical world american history other modern history other ancient history medieval history renaissance & early modern civilization & culture special sets fine arts & music art history music special sets religion & theology christianity judaism general special sets philosophy & intellectual history ancient philosophy medieval & religious philosophy modern philosophy understanding the mind intellectual history special sets literature & english language english literature other literature linguistics special sets business & economics better living professional high school have a priority code? apply priority codes what are priority codes? priority codes are on the back of the catalog, mail promotion, or within an advertisement. to ensure that the pricing on the website is the same as what is in your catalog or advertisement, please enter the priority code provided. priority code applied apply a different code priority codes what are priority codes? priority codes are on the back of the catalog, mail promotion, or within an advertisement. to ensure that the pricing on the website is the same as what is in your catalog or advertisement, please enter the priority code provided. deal gone in: offer details art history courses let acclaimed art historians reveal the wonders of great art, from neanderthal cave paintings and medieval portraiture to renaissance sculptures and impressionist landscapes. thumbnails descriptions titles back 1 2 next 1-15 of 18 15 per page 25 per page 50 per page view all show all courses & sets (18) courses only (17) sets only (1) available in any format video download audio download dvd cd sort by best sellers new releases average customer rating title: a to z title: z to a include sale items only (18) fundamentals of photography joel sartore save up to $185 a history of european art professor william kloss save up to $390 how to look at and understand great art professor sharon latchaw hirsh save up to $275 understanding the world's greatest structures: science and innovation from antiquity to modernity professor stephen ressler save up to $185 30 masterpieces of the ancient world professor diana k. mcdonald save up to $275 museum masterpieces: the louvre professor richard brettell save up to $160 world’s greatest paintings professor william kloss save up to $185 leonardo da vinci and the italian high renaissance professor george r. bent save up to $275 from monet to van gogh: a history of impressionism professor richard brettell save up to $185 genius of michelangelo professor william e. wallace save up to $275 museum masterpieces: the metropolitan museum of art professor richard brettell save up to $185 great artists of the italian renaissance professor william kloss save up to $275 dutch masters: the age of rembrandt professor william kloss save up to $275 art across the ages professor ori z. soltes save up to $390 museum masterpieces: the national gallery, london professor catherine b. scallen save up to $195 save up to $185 fundamentals of photography joel sartore taking great photographs requires you to "see" as a professional photographer does; to train your eyes using the same fundamental techniques and principles the experts use to create unforgettable images from the grandest (and simplest) of subjects. with fundamentals of photography, you'll learn everything you need to know about the art and craft of great photography straight from a professional photographer with more than 30 years of experience. designed for people at all levels, these 24 lectures are an engaging guide to how photographs work and how to make them work better for you. save up to $390 a history of european art professor william kloss the development of the arts in europe from the middle ages to the modern era is an astonishing record of cultural achievement, from the breathtaking architecture of gothic cathedrals to the daring visual experiments of the cubist painters. a history of european art is your gateway to this visually stunning story. in 48 beautifully illustrated lectures you will encounter all the landmarks you would expect to find in a comprehensive survey of western art since the middle ages. save up to $275 how to look at and understand great art professor sharon latchaw hirsh the 36 richly illustrated lectures of how to look at and understand great art take you on an in-depth exploration of the practical skill of viewing art through the lenses of line, light, perspective, composition, and other crucial elements. using timeless masterpieces of western art as well as hands-on studio demonstrations, professor sharon latchaw hirsh gives you the specific visual and interpretive knowledge you need to enhance your appreciation of great art. save up to $185 understanding the world's greatest structures: science and innovation from antiquity to modernity professor stephen ressler experience the engineering genius that makes works such as the giza pyramids, brunelleschi's dome, and the brooklyn bridge possible with understanding the world's greatest structures: science and innovation from antiquity to modernity. delivered by award-winning professor stephen ressler, these 24 lectures take you on a richly illustrated tour that deftly blends history and science to create an unforgettable survey of our world's most remarkable structural masterpieces. this course is a marvelous learning experience that takes you around the world and reveals the stories behind the most famous bridges, churches, skyscrapers, towers, and other structures from thousands of years of history. save up to $275 30 masterpieces of the ancient world professor diana k. mcdonald 30 masterpieces of the ancient world offers you what few art history courses do, even in our top universities—a broad and comprehensive survey of art in the ancient world. over the course of 36 fascinating lectures, professor diana krumholz mcdonald, an expert in ancient art history and an esteemed lecturer and scholar, takes you on a grand journey around the world to see some of the greatest works of art ever created and to explore the cultures that made them. whether it’s a textbook standard or a little-known gem, this is art with a purpose, created not for art’s sake, but with a clear function in mind. save up to $160 museum masterpieces: the louvre professor richard brettell expert art critic richard brettell takes you on an unforgettable journey through one of the world's greatest art museums in museum masterpieces: the louvre. this course provides a fascinating overview of the louvre's colorful history as royal palace, art academy, and national showcase. but the main focus of these richly illustrated lectures are some of the beautiful examples from the museum's remarkable collection of european paintings from the late medieval period through the early 19th century. whether you're an art novice or an expert, you'll find something that will enlighten and surprise you about this acclaimed institution. save up to $185 world’s greatest paintings professor william kloss embark on a compelling tour of some of the most significant paintings in western art with the 24 richly illustrated lectures of the world's greatest paintings. distinguished art historian and professor william kloss reveals a group of works that span the 14th century to the 20th and that—in his expert judgment—rank among the greatest paintings ever made. as you explore one of the supreme legacies of human life, you'll enjoy an unforgettable encounter with daring and sublime works of art. save up to $275 leonardo da vinci and the italian high renaissance professor george r. bent explore the life and times of the man whose name is synonymous with inventiveness, curiosity, and creative genius. in leonardo da vinci and the italian high renaissance, taught by art historian and professor george r. bent, you’ll take a powerful and engrossing look at this grand master, the intriguing world he inhabited and shaped, and the legacies he left behind for us. these visually rich 36 lectures will give you fresh insights into leonardo’s iconic paintings, his important anatomical studies, and his astonishingly prescient visions for machines we now take for granted. but more than that, you’ll experience what it was like to live in leonardo’s world during the high renaissance in italy. save up to $185 from monet to van gogh: a history of impressionism professor richard brettell with professor richard brettell as your expert curator and guide, this course creates a vivid "virtual" museum through which to appreciate the genius and enduring accomplishments of the men and women who, in a few short decades, forever changed the art of painting. enjoy the style, subject, and function of impressionist painting by artists such as monet, renoir, cassatt, cézanne, toulouse-lautrec, and van gogh. separate analysis is given to the important impressionist exhibitions and their contemporary critics like the writer baudelaire. save up to $275 genius of michelangelo professor william e. wallace in the genius of michelangelo, internationally recognized michelangelo expert and award-winning professor of art history william e. wallace gives you a comprehensive perspective on one of history's greatest artists. drawing on a vast command of artistic knowledge and period detail, these 36 intellectually rewarding and visually dazzling lectures explore the relationship between truth and legend to reveal a groundbreaking new picture of michelangelo as an artist, a businessman, an aristocrat, and a genius. save up to $185 museum masterpieces: the metropolitan museum of art professor richard brettell no other museum covers the history of humanity and its achievements as thoroughly as the metropolitan museum of art in new york city. in these 24 visually rich, half-hour lectures, professor richard brettell takes you through the metropolitan museum of art from front to back, from bottom to top, introducing practically every department in the museum. each is a museum unto its own, representing one of the world’s finest collections in its field. you will see an astonishing number of works—more than 400 in all. save up to $275 great artists of the italian renaissance professor william kloss no era of artistic achievement is as renowned as the renaissance, and no country holds a higher place in it than italy. in this course you experience supreme artworks created in florence, rome, venice, and other italian cities by such masters as leonardo da vinci, botticelli, michelangelo, raphael, and titian—unequaled masterpieces that established a canon of beauty that pervades western culture to this day. independent art historian, scholar, and curator william kloss is your guide through this visual feast in an artist-centered survey that explores hundreds of different paintings and sculptures. save up to $275 dutch masters: the age of rembrandt professor william kloss holland in the 17th century was home to the most remarkable concentration of artistic talent in modern history, including masters such as hals, vermeer, and—of course—rembrandt. dutch masters: the age of rembrandt introduces you to this important period in art history. professor william kloss, an independent art historian with the smithsonian institution, guides you through the work of more than 100 artists and more than 450 of their masterful paintings. whether you're new to art or an experienced museumgoer, dutch masters is a delightful course, filled with insights into the explosive inventiveness of dutch art as it interpreted and reinvented the reality of one of the most dynamic nations in 17th-century europe. save up to $390 art across the ages professor ori z. soltes in art across the ages, professor ori z. soltes has crafted a course in western visual art that serves as both a mind-broadening survey and an essential introduction. it is designed to give anyone interested in western art a firm familiarity with its basics, acquainting you with major artists and styles in various media and providing a broad foundation for deeper exploration. by giving you a ready grasp of the substance and significance of a vast range of artists and their work, the course will add immeasurably to your next visit to a museum or exhibition. save up to $195 museum masterpieces: the national gallery, london professor catherine b. scallen of all the world's great art museums, the national gallery, london, is the only place where you can truly grasp the breathtaking scope of european painting from the late medieval period through the 19th century. take a virtual tour of this world-class collection in museum masterpieces: the national gallery, london. in 24 fascinating lectures, noted art scholar professor catherine b. scallen provides a memorable introduction to this remarkable artistic institution and its magnificent masterworks. more than just a gallery tour, this course is also a comprehensive overview of the history of european painting. fundamentals of photography a history of european art how to look at and understand great art understanding the world's greatest structures: science and innovation from antiquity to modernity 30 masterpieces of the ancient world museum masterpieces: the louvre world’s greatest paintings leonardo da vinci and the italian high renaissance from monet to van gogh: a history of impressionism genius of michelangelo museum masterpieces: the metropolitan museum of art great artists of the italian renaissance dutch masters: the age of rembrandt art across the ages museum masterpieces: the national gallery, london art of the northern renaissance masterworks of american art fundamentals of photography & how to look at and understand great art (set) back 1 2 next 1-15 of 18 15 per page 25 per page 50 per page view all about us| contact us| terms & conditions| privacy policy| site map| gift certificates| affiliate program| travel| digital catalog| careers| podcast © this site and content copyright 2013. the teaching company, llc. site contents are also protected by other copyrights and trademarks. all rights reserved.