来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20141231150540/http://www.thegreatcourses.com/support/returns-exchanges/
================================================================================

returns, exchanges and our lifetime guarantee this experience is optimized for internet explorer version 9 and above. please upgrade your browser x video title ? 0 search site: search main menu sign in home courses categories science mathematics history fine arts music religion philosophy & intellectual history literature & language economics & finance better living professional high school formats audio video all on sale about us our approach our heritage our professors our customers our guarantee our team our career opportunities holiday gift guide podcast events gift cards customer service & help contact us shopping ordering & shipping returns & exchanges lifetime guarantee my account downloads streaming browser-related questions copyright information privacy policy terms & conditions faqs my account my digital library have a priority code? x what are priority codes? priority codes are on the back of the catalog, mail promotion, or within an advertisement. to ensure that the pricing on the website is the same as what is in your catalog or advertisement, please enter the priority code provided. existing customer sign in sign in to access your account information and digital media email address password forgot password? keep me logged in sign in i am a new customer create an account password assistance please enter your e-mail address associated with your great courses account. we will send you an email so you can reset your password. if you continue to have problems, please contact us. email address send email create your account email address create password please enter a password that is between 5 and 20 characters long. confirm password i accept the terms and conditions and privacy policy. create account priority code enter priority code cancel apply apply a new code? javascript seems to be disabled in your browser. you must have javascript enabled in your browser to utilize the functionality of this website. the great courses the great courses 1-800-832-2412 about us x what are priority codes? priority codes are on the back of the catalog, mail promotion, or within an advertisement. to ensure that the pricing on the website is the same as what is in your catalog or advertisement, please enter the priority code provided. have a priority code? priority code: applied. apply new code? x priority code please enter a valid code apply search site: search courses categories science astronomy & space science biology earth sciences engineering & technology history & philosophy of science medicine neuroscience & psychology physics & chemistry social sciences mathematics applied mathematics history of mathematics mathematical theory history american history ancient history – classical ancient history – world civilization & culture medieval history modern history – europe modern history – world renaissance & early modern history military history fine arts art history studio art music classical music modern music musical theory religion biblical studies christianity comparative eastern & world religions judaism medieval philosophy philosophy & intellectual history ancient philosophy intellectual history medieval philosophy modern philosophy literature & language ancient literature & mythology american literature british literature linguistics world literature writing genre literary surveys economics & finance finance economics better living food & wine health, fitness, & nutrition hobby & leisure personal development travel parenting professional business communication skills education leadership skills thinking skills high school history math science study skills critical thinking skills reading & writing more... view all courses special set offers courses on sale formats audio video sign in cart 0 your cart is empty wish list 0 your wish list is empty my digital library existing customer sign in email password forgot password? keep me logged in sign in i am a new customer create an account create your accountalready have an account? email *first name *last name password please enter a password that is between 5 and 20 characters long. confirm i accept the terms and conditions and privacy policy x terms and conditions acceptance of terms and conditions welcome to the great courses. the following terms and conditions, which include our privacy policy, apply when you view or use the web site www.thegreatcourses.com and all websites associated with the thegreatcourses.com domain (our ìsiteî), whether as a guest or as a registered user. these terms and conditions also govern the supply of any of the products listed on our site to you, including all features and functionalities, instant streaming, our website and user interfaces, and all content associated therewith (the ìproducts and servicesî). by using, visiting, or browsing the site, or by ordering any of our products and services, you accept and agree to be bound by these terms and conditions. changes to terms and conditions the teaching company, llc (the ìcompanyî or ìweî) reserves the right, from time to time, with or without notice to you, to change these terms and conditions, including the privacy policy, in our sole and absolute discretion. it is your sole responsibility to check the site from time to time to view any such changes to these terms. you will be deemed to have accepted such changes by continuing to use the site. the most current version of these terms and conditions can be reviewed by visiting our website and clicking on ìterms and conditionsî located at the bottom of the pages of the site. the most current version of the terms and conditions will supersede all previous versions. information about us our site is a web site operated by the teaching company, llc, 4840 westfields blvd., suite 500, chantilly, va 20151-2299 (under the trading name of the great courses). if you would like information on how to contact us, click contact us. accessing our site access to our site is permitted on a temporary basis, and we reserve the right to withdraw or amend the service we provide on our site without notice. we will not be liable if for any reason our site is unavailable at any time or for any period. from time to time, we may restrict access to some parts of our site, or our entire site. we have the right to terminate your access to the site if we determine that you have failed to comply with any of the provisions of these terms and conditions. you are solely responsible for keeping confidential any password you may be granted to access our site. we advise you not to share your password, payment methods or any other information associated with our site or your account with anyone. use of our site by accessing our site you agree to use our site, including all features and functionalities associated therewith and all content and software associated therewith, in accordance with all applicable laws, rules and regulations, including public performance limitations or other restrictions on use of the service or content therein. in addition, the following restrictions apply to your use of our site: (a) you shall not to upload, post, e-mail or otherwise send or transmit any material that contains software viruses or any other computer code, files or programs designed to interrupt, destroy or limit the functionality of any computer software or hardware or telecommun x protecting your privacy the great courses privacy policy effective date: july 15, 2014 welcome to thegreatcourses.com (“the great courses”) website (“website”). the great courses, its subsidiaries and affiliates, or other members of our family of companies value your participation and loyalty. we are committed to the protection of member and community privacy. the great courses has created this privacy policy in order to demonstrate its commitment to the privacy and protection of your personal information. to better protect your privacy, the great courses provides this notice explaining our information practices and the choices you can make about the way your information is collected and used. information about us our website is operated by the teaching company, llc, 4840 westfields blvd., suite 500, chantilly, va 20151-2299 (under the trading name of the great courses). if you would like information on how to contact us, click contact us. 1. what information is collected the following are the types of information we may collect: the great courses may collect personal information like name, telephone number, email address, date of birth, home or business mailing address, and details regarding your mode of payment, e.g., credit/debit card or account information, when you access certain areas of the website that require registration or payment for products and services, or if you require more information about those services. non-personal information at other times, the great courses may collect information that cannot be used to directly identify you, such as browser type, dynamic internet protocol (ip) address, “click stream” data, and similar non-personally identifiable information. for example, we may aggregate non-personal information about you and other customers who visit certain areas of our website. aggregated information will not contain any information that can be linked directly back to you. while we take all reasonable steps to protect the privacy of our website visitors, we cannot promise that the current limitations of our online applications programming will address every browser setting or honor every personal browser preference. in particular, we have not implemented the necessary program changes to honor “do not track” or “dnt” browser signals. as our online applications programming is refined, we will take all reasonable steps to honor such requests in the future. please return to this privacy policy for further updates on this topic. further, our online service providers or business partners may implement technologies that allow for the collection of personally identifiable information over time and across websites. we recommend that you review each privacy policy posted on the websites that you visit to better understand privacy practices on those websites. electronic communications when you open emails from us or engage in sms or mms communications, we may log and store such information. we may also keep records of various communications regarding the types of products and services that you indicate are of interest to you via your response to email and text messaging. you will always have the option to opt-out of such communications by clicking an “unsubscribe” link or replying “stop” to our text messages. 2. how do we collect information we may collect information from you in several different areas on the website, including, without limitation, those described below: registration you may be asked to complete a registration form and provide personally identifiable information; you may also be asked to choose a user id and password in order to take advantage of certain features on the website or digital messaging services, such as newsletters or contests. your decision to register is voluntary and you will have the opportunity to decide whether or not to disclose information to us and what communications you would like to receive; however, please be advised that many products and services available on the website require registration and if you elect not to provide such information, you will not be able to take advantage of those products and services. contests or sweepstakes we periodically operate contests and sweepstakes through the website and messaging services that will require registration or the submission of personal information. your personally identifiable information may be used to contact you for winner notification, prize delivery confirmation or other related purposes (see the rules of each contest for details about how your personal information will be used, including postings to the website). surveys and games from time-to-time we may request personally identifiable information from you in conjunction with a survey or games, such as quizzes. participation is voluntary, and you will have the opportunity to decide whether or not to disclose information to the website. at times, you may have to register to vote or to take part in a survey. when you register to play games on our website, you may be asked to provide personally identifiable information. cookies and tracking technology we may use any number of tools to collect information about you, your computer access points, and the web browser that you use to connect to our website. for example, “cookies” are tiny text files that we place on your computer’s hard drive when you visit our website. we may use cookies to personalize your website experience. you do not have to accept our cookies and you may delete them after they have been placed on your hard drive. if you do not accept or delete our cookies, some areas of our website that you access may take more time to work, or may not function properly. for more information about cookies, visit: http://www.allaboutcookies.org. the great courses may also collect additional information from your web browser each time you visit our website. we may collect information on the pages that you visit, the promotions or advertisements that you click on, and other actions that you take while using our website. this information may include your ip address, the type of browser, the time that your browser was used to access our website, and the referring website address. our internet service providers (defined below) may also use other standard web-based technologies to analyze your movements while accessing our website. the technologies include analytic solutions, web “beacons,” “pixel tags,” and “clear gifs.” these technologies help us ascertain the effectiveness of our product and service campaigns and marketing programs, allow us to customize the services offered on or through our website, and help determine the best use for website content, and product and service offerings. some of this information, including the ip address, may be stored on our internet service provider’s server logs, and may be available for extended periods of time. transaction information if you conduct a financial or other transaction with the website, such as subscribe to a subscription product or other products/services offered on the website, we will ask you to complete an order form that will request certain information from you, including contact information, demographic information and/or financial information. even though the collection form may have the look and feel of thegreatcourses.com, please be aware you may be giving your information directly to the third party internet service provider, and that in some instances such third party internet service provider's privacy policy will govern the collection of your personal information. please reference the privacy policies available from these pages for any privacy related concerns. we and/or our internet service providers will use this information to complete the financial or other transaction that you have requested, i.e., to deliver the information, products or other services that you request or purchase, to invoice you, and in a manner consistent with this privacy policy. for your protection, financial information is collected and stored through encrypted means. 3. how is your information used thegreatcourses.com uses the services of independent companies to provide certain services to you, including, without limitation, website hosting services, credit and debit card processing, order fulfilment, contest and sweepstakes processing, and internet connectivity services (“internet service providers”). we use your personal information to send you order confirmations. in such cases, you should receive via e-mail an order confirmation within moments of placing your order. designed to supplement your learning experience, you will receive course starter materials for every course you purchase. these materials include the professor's summary of the course, links to recommended websites, and recommended readings. occasionally, you will receive interesting and compelling articles of interest on the subjects covered by our courses. from time-to-time you may receive e-mail surveys to vote for the great courses you want us to make, to rate the quality of the great courses you have purchased, to tell us what improvements to make to the great courses and our services, and to tell us which professors we should choose to make the next great course. we may also use your personal information to notify you of special offers. you will receive e-mails notifying you when courses featured in our print catalogs and newsletters go on sale. these e-mails also make ordering extremely simple—if you see courses that interest you, simply click on the links in the e-mail to find out more. we may also use your ip address to help protect us and our internet service providers from fraud. additional uses of your non-personal and personal information will allow us to tailor products and services specific to your needs, to help organize and manage your customer relationship and our business, to conduct business, to provide you with customer and member support, to perform functions that are described to you at the time of collection, and to enforce our website’s terms and conditions of use. we may also use non-personal aggregate information to improve our website. for example, our internet service providers may report to us that there were a particular number of visitors to a certain area of our website, or that a certain number of men or a certain number of women completed our registration form in particular areas of our website. such information may also be used to analyze the effectiveness of our business and advertising models. 4. shared information we may share your personal information with the internet service providers as appropriate. for personal information collected after the effective date of this privacy policy, we may also share personally identifiable information with outside, non-affiliated third parties that offer products and services that are complementary to our product lines. however, such collection and use of personal information will not be retroactively applied to personal information collected before the effective date of this privacy policy, without your consent. we may also disclose your personal information as is necessary to: (a) comply with a subpoena or court order; (b) cooperate with law enforcement or other government agency; (c) establish or exercise our legal rights; (d) protect the property or safety of our company and employees, contractors, vendors, and suppliers; (e) defend against legal claims; (f) help with internal and external investigations; or (g) as otherwise required by law or permitted by law. we may disclose your information in connection with the sale or merger of the great courses or any transaction that involves the sale or assignment of some or all of our assets. third-party ad serving, analytics, and audience and traffic measurement services: we may use a third-party network advertiser to serve the advertisements on the website or may use a traffic measurement service to analyze the traffic on the website. network advertisers are third parties that display advertisements based on your visits to this website and other websites you have visited. third-party ad serving enables us to target advertisements to you for products or websites you might be interested in. audience and traffic measurement services allow us to collect anonymous traffic and behavior information from the website by monitoring anonymous visitor activity. although advertisers or other companies do not have access to the website cookies, the website's advertisers, sponsors and/or traffic measurement services may themselves set and access their own cookies on your computer if you choose to have your cookies enabled in your browser. cookies allow third-party advertisers to show you advertisements or content you might be interested in. note that any images (or any other parts of a web page) served by third parties in association with third-party cookies may serve as web beacons, which enable third parties to carry out the previously described activities. other companies' uses of their cookies are subject to their own privacy policies, not this one. please visit http://www.networkadvertising.org/optout_nonppii.asp in order to learn more about the information collection practices and "opt-out" procedures of third-party ad servers we may use. with regard to name and postal address only, from time to time, we may make our mailing list available to carefully screened companies. if you prefer we don’t share your name and postal address, please call our customer care team at 1-800-832-2412 or write to us at the great courses, 4840 westfields blvd., suite 500, chantilly, va, 20151-2299. (however, because this reflects a change in practice, the new policy applies only to the names and postal addresses of new customers added to our mailing list after october 1, 2013.) 5. links to third-party websites links of this website may allow you to directly access websites operated by third parties, including, without limitation, our service providers (such as third-party shopping cart service provider) or marketing providers. some of these third-party marketing channels may be “co-branded” with our logo; even so, these third-party channels are not operated, controlled or maintained by the great courses. these channels or links are provided for your convenience only and should be used with your discretion and prudent judgment. links from our website to third-party websites do not constitute sponsorship, endorsement, or approval of the content, policies or practices of such third-party websites. the collection and use of your information by such co-branding third parties is the responsibility of the co-branding partner, and they may use your personal information for their direct marketing purposes. we are not responsible for any information these websites or digital channels may obtain and we do not oversee their policies or practices. this privacy policy does not apply to information provided to or gathered by the third parties that operate them. the privacy policies of these third-party websites may differ from ours. these websites may ask you for personal information. please review the privacy policy on third-party channels before submitting information, because we do not have control over the use of information collected on these websites. please review the privacy policies and practices of these digital channels before providing any personal information. 6. information security the great courses makes reasonable efforts to ensure that our internet service providers have implemented physical, electronic, and procedural security measures to assist with safeguarding your personal information, and to help protect against unauthorized access and disclosure. only our authorized personnel and our internet service providers who perform legitimate business functions for the great courses are authorized to access your personal information. notwithstanding our efforts, the internet and online services have inherent security risks. the great courses cannot promise, and you should not expect, that your personal information, personal searches, and other communications will always remain secure. you should take care with regard to how you handle and disclose your personal information or any username or password that you are required to use to access services on this website or online service. 7. data retention periods we will retain your personally identifiable information for as long as your account is active or as needed to provide you services. if you wish to cancel your account or request that we no longer use your information to provide you services contact us at customerservice@thegreatcourses.com. we will retain and use your information as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements. 8. other social media websites, blogs, message boards the website and the great courses mobile application ("the great courses mobile") may make chat rooms, forums, commenting and message boards available to you and other users. you are not required to provide any personal information when using these areas but you may choose to do so. if you post personal information online, it will be publicly available and you may receive unsolicited messages from other parties. in addition, when you post a comment to the great courses mobile, the user name with which you registered for the website and your current location will be made publicly available on the website and through the great courses mobile. by using the commenting features of the website and the great courses mobile, you acknowledge that your user name and location information will be disclosed. we cannot ensure the security of any information you choose to make public in a chat room, forum, or message board. also, we cannot ensure that parties who have access to such publicly available information will respect your privacy. please exercise caution when deciding to disclose personal information in these areas. to request removal of your personal information from our blog or community forum, contact us at: customerservice@thegreatcourses.com. in some cases, we may not be able to remove your personal information, in which case we will let you know if we are unable to do so and why. 9. general audience website not directed toward children this website is a general audience website. our content is neither directed toward minors nor children who are under the age of 13. we do not knowingly collect personal information from children under the age of 13. if the great courses or our internet service providers become aware that a minor or a child under the age of 13 has provided us with personal information without the parental consent, that information will be deleted from our databases. parents who have questions about personal information that may have been submitted by a child under the age of 13 should email us at: customerservice@thegreatcourses.com. 10. consent to privacy policy by using the website, you signify your agreement to the terms of this privacy policy. we may amend this privacy policy at any time. if we make a material change to the way in which we collect, use, and/or share your personal information, we will post a notice on the website and/or send an email to users who have provided an email address. please note that you should always update your personal information to provide us with a current email address. 11. access to personal information and consent to transfer the first time that you provide us with registration information through our website, you may be offered the opportunity to subscribe to and receive additional information about our products and services. after your first use, you can make changes to your personal information and your initial choices by accessing your account or by contacting customer service e-mail at customerservice@thegreatcourses.com. the united states may not have data privacy laws that are deemed to afford an equal level of protection for your personal information as those laws legislated at the direction of the european union or similar geopolitical, national or regional legislative bodies. however, please be assured that the great courses will continue to adhere to the principles stated in this privacy policy and will make reasonable efforts to comply with applicable international, national, regional, territorial, and provincial laws in connection with any information collected through the website. the great courses will endeavor to preserve the integrity, confidentiality, and security of personal information and afford such personal information reasonable level of protection. for those website users located outside the united states, we advise you that your information may at times be accessible by individuals who are located worldwide including in countries that the european commission or other geopolitical regions have not been determined to provide the same level of data protection as in your country, province, territory or geopolitical region. by providing us with your personal information, you consent to our use of it in accordance with the great courses’ privacy policy, including the transfer of your information across international boundaries to jurisdictions anywhere in the world as permitted by local law. 12. your california privacy rights other than as is stated by this privacy policy, the great courses will not share any personal information about you with outside third-parties for their direct marketing purposes to the extent prohibited by california law, unless you agree otherwise as authorized by your prior written consent. california residents have the right to request information from the great courses regarding the manner that we may share personal information with affiliated companies and third parties for their direct marketing purposes. to find out what and how we share such information, you may send us an e-mail request at: customerservice@thegreatcourses.com or mail a request to: privacy officer, the great courses 4840 westfields blvd. suite #500 chantilly, va 20151-2299, and receive the following information: a. the categories of information we disclosed to third parties for their direct marketing purposes during the preceding calendar year, if any; b. the names and addresses of the third parties who received information for their direct marketing purposes; and c. examples of the products and services subject to the third-parties’ direct marketing programs, if the nature of the third parties’ business cannot be determined from their names. 13. questions about this privacy policy if you have any questions about this privacy policy or the privacy practices of this website, please contact us by email at customerservice@thegreatcourses.com. create account forgot your passwordback to login please enter your e-mail address associated with your great courses account. we will send you an email so you can reset your password. if you have problems, please contact us. email send email returns, exchanges and our lifetime guarantee customer service & help faqs downloads streaming browser-related questions returns, exchanges and our lifetime satisfaction guarantee ordering & shipping shopping my account digital gifting copyright information privacy policy terms & conditions contact us customer service & help faqs downloads streaming browser-related questions returns, exchanges and our lifetime guarantee ordering & shipping shopping my account digital gifting copyright information privacy policy terms & conditions contact us active-returns-exchanges mob-returns-exchanges returns & exchanges for your convenience, every shipment includes a return form on the back of your invoice. if you do not have your invoice, you may print the form here. please send this form back with your purchase including all original discs, boxes, and guide books. we will issue an exchange, a refund check, or a refund to your credit card within 2-3 weeks of receiving your return. for exchanges, you may choose any course of equal or lower value. please write the course number of the new course you are requesting on the form, or in a separate note in the box if the form is not available. when estimating the value of your exchange, please remember to include shipping and processing and original coupon value, if used. download version of the return form please return courses to: the great courses returns processing 9900 brookford streetcharlotte, nc 28273 phone: 1-800-832-2412 replacements if a disc ever breaks, warps, or gets damaged, the great courses will replace it as long as the course is in print, absolutely free. we do not require you to return broken, warped, or damaged discs. you may call or e-mail our customer service team and let an agent know what you need replaced. the great courses lifetime guarantee your satisfaction is 100% guaranteed! if a course is ever less than completely satisfying, you may exchange it for another of equal value at any time. you may also return any course, within one year of initial purchase, for a full refund. and, if a disc ever breaks, warps, or gets damaged, we’ll replace it as long as the course is in production, free. most publishers do not guarantee that you will be satisfied with their books or recordings. but we do. we guarantee your satisfaction for a lifetime because we want you to be our customer for a lifetime of learning. this guarantee not only protects your investment in learning, it also compels us to produce great courses; otherwise, we’d go out of business. we call our lectures “the great courses,” and if we don’t deliver great courses, we don’t deserve the money. course categories science mathematics history fine arts music religion philosophy & intellectual history literature & language economics & finance better living professional high school more... best sellers new releases podcasts gift certificates about us careers events affiliates help 1-800-832-2412 customer service exchanges and returns faqs contact us lifetime guarantee explore our apps take your great courses with you anywhere shop our digital catalog here! © the teaching company, llc. all rights reserved. site map terms & conditions privacy policy connect with us: connect: to top please verify account to continue email address: password: