来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20141231150540/http://www.thegreatcourses.com/courses/understanding-investments.html?pfm=BestSellers&pos=7
================================================================================

understanding investments | the great courses this experience is optimized for internet explorer version 9 and above. please upgrade your browser send the gift of lifelong learning! understanding investments professor connel fullenkamp ph.d. duke university gifting information faq x frequently asked questions with an egift, you can instantly send a great course to a friend or loved one via email. it's simple: find the course you would like to egift. under “choose a format,” click on video download or audio download. click ‘send e-gift’ fill out the details on the next page. you will need the email address of your friend or family member. proceed with the checkout process as usual. once you have paid for your order, your friend or loved one will receive an email letting them know that they have a gift waiting for them at thegreatcourses.com. that gift will be added to their my digital library when they log in and click to redeem it. why do i need to specify the email of the recipient? we will send that person an email to notify them of your gift. if they are already a customer, they will be able to add the gift to their my digital library and mobile apps. if they are not yet a customer, we will help them set up a new account so they can enjoy their course in their my digital library or via our free mobile apps. how will my friend or family member know they have a gift? they will receive an email from the great courses notifying them of your egift. the email will direct them to thegreatcourses.com. what if my friend or family member does not receive the email? if the email notification is missing, first check their spam folder. depending on your email provider, it may have mistakenly been flagged as spam. if it is not found, please email customer service at (customerservice@thegreatcourses.com) or call 1-800-832-2412 for assistance. how will i know they have received my egift? when the recipient clicks on their email and redeems their egift, you will automatically receive an email notification. i don’t want to send downloads. how do i gift dvds or cds? egifting only covers digital products. to purchase a dvd or cd version of a course and mail it to a friend, please call customer service at 1-800-832-2412 for assistance. oops! the recipient already owns the course i gifted. what now? great minds think alike! we can exchange the egifted course for another course of equal value. please call customer service at 1-800-832-2412 for assistance. can i select a date in the future to send my egift? sorry, this feature is not available yet. we are working on adding it in the future. what if the email associated with egift is not for my regular great course account? please email customer service at (customerservice@thegreatcourses.com) or call our customer service team at 1-800-832-2412 for assistance. they have the ability to update the email address. when purchasing a gift for someone, why do i have to create an account? this is done for two reasons. one is so you can track the purchase of the order in your ‘order history’ section as well as being able to let our customer service team track your purchase and the person who received it if the need arises. can i return or exchange a gift after i purchase it? because the gift is sent immediately, it cannot be returned or exchanged by the person giving the gift. the recipient can exchange the gift for another course of equal or lesser value, or pay the difference on a more expensive item faq to send your gift, please complete the form below. an email will be sent immediately to notify the recipient of your gift and provide them with instructions to redeem it. recipient name recipient email confirm email message 500 characters remaining. checkout now cancel frequently asked questions with an egift, you can instantly send a great course to a friend or loved one via email. it's simple: 1. find the course you would like to egift. 2. under "choose a format", click on video download or audio download. 3. click 'send e-gift' 4. fill out the details on the next page. you will need to the email address of your friend or family member. 5. proceed with the checkout process as usual. q: why do i need to specify the email of the recipient? a: we will send that person an email to notify them of your gift. if they are already a customer, they will be able to add the gift to their my digital library and mobile apps. if they are not yet a customer, we will help them set up a new account so they can enjoy their course in their my digital library or via our free mobile apps. q: how will my friend or family member know they have a gift? a: they will receive an email from the great courses notifying them of your egift. the email will direct them to thegreatcourses.com. if they are already a customer, they will be able to add the gift to their my digital library and mobile apps. if they are not yet a customer, we will help them set up a new account so they can enjoy their course in their my digital library or via our free mobile apps. q: what if my friend or family member does not receive the email? a: if the email notification is missing, first check your spam folder. depending on your email provider, it may have mistakenly been flagged as spam. if it is not found, please email customer service at (customerservice@thegreatcourses.com) or call 1-800-832-2412 for assistance. q: how will i know they have received my egift? a: when the recipient clicks on their email and redeems their egift, you will automatically receive an email notification. q: what if i do not receive the notification that the egift has been redeemed? a: if the email notification is missing, first check your spam folder. depending on your email provider, it may have mistakenly been flagged as spam. if it is not found, please email customer service at (customerservice@thegreatcourses.com) or call customer service at 1-800-832-2412 for assistance. q: i don't want to send downloads. how do i gift dvds or cds? a: egifting only covers digital products. to purchase a dvd or cd version of a course and mail it to a friend, please call customer service at 1-800-832-2412 for assistance. q: oops! the recipient already owns the course i gifted. what now? a: great minds think alike! we can exchange the egifted course for another course of equal value. please call customer service at 1-800-832-2412 for assistance. q: can i update or change my email address? a: yes, you can. go to my account to change your email address. q: can i select a date in the future to send my egift? a: sorry, this feature is not available yet. we are working on adding it in the future. q: what if the email associated with egift is not for my regular great course account? a: please please email customer service at (customerservice@thegreatcourses.com) or call our customer service team at 1-800-832-2412 for assistance. they have the ability to update the email address so you can put in your correct account. q: when purchasing a gift for someone, why do i have to create an account? a: this is done for two reasons. one is so you can track the purchase of the order in your ‘order history’ section as well as being able to let our customer service team track your purchase and the person who received it if the need arises. q: can i return or exchange a gift after i purchase it? a: because the gift is sent immediately, it cannot be returned or exchanged by the person giving the gift. the recipient can exchange the gift for another course of equal or lesser value, or pay the difference on a more expensive item x video title ? 0 search site: search main menu sign in home courses categories science mathematics history fine arts music religion philosophy & intellectual history literature & language economics & finance better living professional high school formats audio video all on sale about us our approach our heritage our professors our customers our guarantee our team our career opportunities holiday gift guide podcast events gift cards customer service & help contact us shopping ordering & shipping returns & exchanges lifetime guarantee my account downloads streaming browser-related questions copyright information privacy policy terms & conditions faqs my account my digital library have a priority code? x what are priority codes? priority codes are on the back of the catalog, mail promotion, or within an advertisement. to ensure that the pricing on the website is the same as what is in your catalog or advertisement, please enter the priority code provided. existing customer sign in sign in to access your account information and digital media email address password forgot password? keep me logged in sign in i am a new customer create an account password assistance please enter your e-mail address associated with your great courses account. we will send you an email so you can reset your password. if you continue to have problems, please contact us. email address send email create your account email address create password please enter a password that is between 5 and 20 characters long. confirm password i accept the terms and conditions and privacy policy. create account priority code enter priority code cancel apply apply a new code? javascript seems to be disabled in your browser. you must have javascript enabled in your browser to utilize the functionality of this website. the great courses the great courses 1-800-832-2412 about us x what are priority codes? priority codes are on the back of the catalog, mail promotion, or within an advertisement. to ensure that the pricing on the website is the same as what is in your catalog or advertisement, please enter the priority code provided. have a priority code? priority code: applied. apply new code? x priority code please enter a valid code apply search site: search courses categories science astronomy & space science biology earth sciences engineering & technology history & philosophy of science medicine neuroscience & psychology physics & chemistry social sciences mathematics applied mathematics history of mathematics mathematical theory history american history ancient history – classical ancient history – world civilization & culture medieval history modern history – europe modern history – world renaissance & early modern history military history fine arts art history studio art music classical music modern music musical theory religion biblical studies christianity comparative eastern & world religions judaism medieval philosophy philosophy & intellectual history ancient philosophy intellectual history medieval philosophy modern philosophy literature & language ancient literature & mythology american literature british literature linguistics world literature writing genre literary surveys economics & finance finance economics better living food & wine health, fitness, & nutrition hobby & leisure personal development travel parenting professional business communication skills education leadership skills thinking skills high school history math science study skills critical thinking skills reading & writing more... view all courses special set offers courses on sale formats audio video sign in cart 0 your cart is empty wish list 0 your wish list is empty my digital library existing customer sign in email password forgot password? keep me logged in sign in i am a new customer create an account create your accountalready have an account? email *first name *last name password please enter a password that is between 5 and 20 characters long. confirm i accept the terms and conditions and privacy policy x terms and conditions acceptance of terms and conditions welcome to the great courses. the following terms and conditions, which include our privacy policy, apply when you view or use the web site www.thegreatcourses.com and all websites associated with the thegreatcourses.com domain (our ìsiteî), whether as a guest or as a registered user. these terms and conditions also govern the supply of any of the products listed on our site to you, including all features and functionalities, instant streaming, our website and user interfaces, and all content associated therewith (the ìproducts and servicesî). by using, visiting, or browsing the site, or by ordering any of our products and services, you accept and agree to be bound by these terms and conditions. changes to terms and conditions the teaching company, llc (the ìcompanyî or ìweî) reserves the right, from time to time, with or without notice to you, to change these terms and conditions, including the privacy policy, in our sole and absolute discretion. it is your sole responsibility to check the site from time to time to view any such changes to these terms. you will be deemed to have accepted such changes by continuing to use the site. the most current version of these terms and conditions can be reviewed by visiting our website and clicking on ìterms and conditionsî located at the bottom of the pages of the site. the most current version of the terms and conditions will supersede all previous versions. information about us our site is a web site operated by the teaching company, llc, 4840 westfields blvd., suite 500, chantilly, va 20151-2299 (under the trading name of the great courses). if you would like information on how to contact us, click contact us. accessing our site access to our site is permitted on a temporary basis, and we reserve the right to withdraw or amend the service we provide on our site without notice. we will not be liable if for any reason our site is unavailable at any time or for any period. from time to time, we may restrict access to some parts of our site, or our entire site. we have the right to terminate your access to the site if we determine that you have failed to comply with any of the provisions of these terms and conditions. you are solely responsible for keeping confidential any password you may be granted to access our site. we advise you not to share your password, payment methods or any other information associated with our site or your account with anyone. use of our site by accessing our site you agree to use our site, including all features and functionalities associated therewith and all content and software associated therewith, in accordance with all applicable laws, rules and regulations, including public performance limitations or other restrictions on use of the service or content therein. in addition, the following restrictions apply to your use of our site: (a) you shall not to upload, post, e-mail or otherwise send or transmit any material that contains software viruses or any other computer code, files or programs designed to interrupt, destroy or limit the functionality of any computer software or hardware or telecommun x protecting your privacy the great courses privacy policy effective date: july 15, 2014 welcome to thegreatcourses.com (“the great courses”) website (“website”). the great courses, its subsidiaries and affiliates, or other members of our family of companies value your participation and loyalty. we are committed to the protection of member and community privacy. the great courses has created this privacy policy in order to demonstrate its commitment to the privacy and protection of your personal information. to better protect your privacy, the great courses provides this notice explaining our information practices and the choices you can make about the way your information is collected and used. information about us our website is operated by the teaching company, llc, 4840 westfields blvd., suite 500, chantilly, va 20151-2299 (under the trading name of the great courses). if you would like information on how to contact us, click contact us. 1. what information is collected the following are the types of information we may collect: the great courses may collect personal information like name, telephone number, email address, date of birth, home or business mailing address, and details regarding your mode of payment, e.g., credit/debit card or account information, when you access certain areas of the website that require registration or payment for products and services, or if you require more information about those services. non-personal information at other times, the great courses may collect information that cannot be used to directly identify you, such as browser type, dynamic internet protocol (ip) address, “click stream” data, and similar non-personally identifiable information. for example, we may aggregate non-personal information about you and other customers who visit certain areas of our website. aggregated information will not contain any information that can be linked directly back to you. while we take all reasonable steps to protect the privacy of our website visitors, we cannot promise that the current limitations of our online applications programming will address every browser setting or honor every personal browser preference. in particular, we have not implemented the necessary program changes to honor “do not track” or “dnt” browser signals. as our online applications programming is refined, we will take all reasonable steps to honor such requests in the future. please return to this privacy policy for further updates on this topic. further, our online service providers or business partners may implement technologies that allow for the collection of personally identifiable information over time and across websites. we recommend that you review each privacy policy posted on the websites that you visit to better understand privacy practices on those websites. electronic communications when you open emails from us or engage in sms or mms communications, we may log and store such information. we may also keep records of various communications regarding the types of products and services that you indicate are of interest to you via your response to email and text messaging. you will always have the option to opt-out of such communications by clicking an “unsubscribe” link or replying “stop” to our text messages. 2. how do we collect information we may collect information from you in several different areas on the website, including, without limitation, those described below: registration you may be asked to complete a registration form and provide personally identifiable information; you may also be asked to choose a user id and password in order to take advantage of certain features on the website or digital messaging services, such as newsletters or contests. your decision to register is voluntary and you will have the opportunity to decide whether or not to disclose information to us and what communications you would like to receive; however, please be advised that many products and services available on the website require registration and if you elect not to provide such information, you will not be able to take advantage of those products and services. contests or sweepstakes we periodically operate contests and sweepstakes through the website and messaging services that will require registration or the submission of personal information. your personally identifiable information may be used to contact you for winner notification, prize delivery confirmation or other related purposes (see the rules of each contest for details about how your personal information will be used, including postings to the website). surveys and games from time-to-time we may request personally identifiable information from you in conjunction with a survey or games, such as quizzes. participation is voluntary, and you will have the opportunity to decide whether or not to disclose information to the website. at times, you may have to register to vote or to take part in a survey. when you register to play games on our website, you may be asked to provide personally identifiable information. cookies and tracking technology we may use any number of tools to collect information about you, your computer access points, and the web browser that you use to connect to our website. for example, “cookies” are tiny text files that we place on your computer’s hard drive when you visit our website. we may use cookies to personalize your website experience. you do not have to accept our cookies and you may delete them after they have been placed on your hard drive. if you do not accept or delete our cookies, some areas of our website that you access may take more time to work, or may not function properly. for more information about cookies, visit: http://www.allaboutcookies.org. the great courses may also collect additional information from your web browser each time you visit our website. we may collect information on the pages that you visit, the promotions or advertisements that you click on, and other actions that you take while using our website. this information may include your ip address, the type of browser, the time that your browser was used to access our website, and the referring website address. our internet service providers (defined below) may also use other standard web-based technologies to analyze your movements while accessing our website. the technologies include analytic solutions, web “beacons,” “pixel tags,” and “clear gifs.” these technologies help us ascertain the effectiveness of our product and service campaigns and marketing programs, allow us to customize the services offered on or through our website, and help determine the best use for website content, and product and service offerings. some of this information, including the ip address, may be stored on our internet service provider’s server logs, and may be available for extended periods of time. transaction information if you conduct a financial or other transaction with the website, such as subscribe to a subscription product or other products/services offered on the website, we will ask you to complete an order form that will request certain information from you, including contact information, demographic information and/or financial information. even though the collection form may have the look and feel of thegreatcourses.com, please be aware you may be giving your information directly to the third party internet service provider, and that in some instances such third party internet service provider's privacy policy will govern the collection of your personal information. please reference the privacy policies available from these pages for any privacy related concerns. we and/or our internet service providers will use this information to complete the financial or other transaction that you have requested, i.e., to deliver the information, products or other services that you request or purchase, to invoice you, and in a manner consistent with this privacy policy. for your protection, financial information is collected and stored through encrypted means. 3. how is your information used thegreatcourses.com uses the services of independent companies to provide certain services to you, including, without limitation, website hosting services, credit and debit card processing, order fulfilment, contest and sweepstakes processing, and internet connectivity services (“internet service providers”). we use your personal information to send you order confirmations. in such cases, you should receive via e-mail an order confirmation within moments of placing your order. designed to supplement your learning experience, you will receive course starter materials for every course you purchase. these materials include the professor's summary of the course, links to recommended websites, and recommended readings. occasionally, you will receive interesting and compelling articles of interest on the subjects covered by our courses. from time-to-time you may receive e-mail surveys to vote for the great courses you want us to make, to rate the quality of the great courses you have purchased, to tell us what improvements to make to the great courses and our services, and to tell us which professors we should choose to make the next great course. we may also use your personal information to notify you of special offers. you will receive e-mails notifying you when courses featured in our print catalogs and newsletters go on sale. these e-mails also make ordering extremely simple—if you see courses that interest you, simply click on the links in the e-mail to find out more. we may also use your ip address to help protect us and our internet service providers from fraud. additional uses of your non-personal and personal information will allow us to tailor products and services specific to your needs, to help organize and manage your customer relationship and our business, to conduct business, to provide you with customer and member support, to perform functions that are described to you at the time of collection, and to enforce our website’s terms and conditions of use. we may also use non-personal aggregate information to improve our website. for example, our internet service providers may report to us that there were a particular number of visitors to a certain area of our website, or that a certain number of men or a certain number of women completed our registration form in particular areas of our website. such information may also be used to analyze the effectiveness of our business and advertising models. 4. shared information we may share your personal information with the internet service providers as appropriate. for personal information collected after the effective date of this privacy policy, we may also share personally identifiable information with outside, non-affiliated third parties that offer products and services that are complementary to our product lines. however, such collection and use of personal information will not be retroactively applied to personal information collected before the effective date of this privacy policy, without your consent. we may also disclose your personal information as is necessary to: (a) comply with a subpoena or court order; (b) cooperate with law enforcement or other government agency; (c) establish or exercise our legal rights; (d) protect the property or safety of our company and employees, contractors, vendors, and suppliers; (e) defend against legal claims; (f) help with internal and external investigations; or (g) as otherwise required by law or permitted by law. we may disclose your information in connection with the sale or merger of the great courses or any transaction that involves the sale or assignment of some or all of our assets. third-party ad serving, analytics, and audience and traffic measurement services: we may use a third-party network advertiser to serve the advertisements on the website or may use a traffic measurement service to analyze the traffic on the website. network advertisers are third parties that display advertisements based on your visits to this website and other websites you have visited. third-party ad serving enables us to target advertisements to you for products or websites you might be interested in. audience and traffic measurement services allow us to collect anonymous traffic and behavior information from the website by monitoring anonymous visitor activity. although advertisers or other companies do not have access to the website cookies, the website's advertisers, sponsors and/or traffic measurement services may themselves set and access their own cookies on your computer if you choose to have your cookies enabled in your browser. cookies allow third-party advertisers to show you advertisements or content you might be interested in. note that any images (or any other parts of a web page) served by third parties in association with third-party cookies may serve as web beacons, which enable third parties to carry out the previously described activities. other companies' uses of their cookies are subject to their own privacy policies, not this one. please visit http://www.networkadvertising.org/optout_nonppii.asp in order to learn more about the information collection practices and "opt-out" procedures of third-party ad servers we may use. with regard to name and postal address only, from time to time, we may make our mailing list available to carefully screened companies. if you prefer we don’t share your name and postal address, please call our customer care team at 1-800-832-2412 or write to us at the great courses, 4840 westfields blvd., suite 500, chantilly, va, 20151-2299. (however, because this reflects a change in practice, the new policy applies only to the names and postal addresses of new customers added to our mailing list after october 1, 2013.) 5. links to third-party websites links of this website may allow you to directly access websites operated by third parties, including, without limitation, our service providers (such as third-party shopping cart service provider) or marketing providers. some of these third-party marketing channels may be “co-branded” with our logo; even so, these third-party channels are not operated, controlled or maintained by the great courses. these channels or links are provided for your convenience only and should be used with your discretion and prudent judgment. links from our website to third-party websites do not constitute sponsorship, endorsement, or approval of the content, policies or practices of such third-party websites. the collection and use of your information by such co-branding third parties is the responsibility of the co-branding partner, and they may use your personal information for their direct marketing purposes. we are not responsible for any information these websites or digital channels may obtain and we do not oversee their policies or practices. this privacy policy does not apply to information provided to or gathered by the third parties that operate them. the privacy policies of these third-party websites may differ from ours. these websites may ask you for personal information. please review the privacy policy on third-party channels before submitting information, because we do not have control over the use of information collected on these websites. please review the privacy policies and practices of these digital channels before providing any personal information. 6. information security the great courses makes reasonable efforts to ensure that our internet service providers have implemented physical, electronic, and procedural security measures to assist with safeguarding your personal information, and to help protect against unauthorized access and disclosure. only our authorized personnel and our internet service providers who perform legitimate business functions for the great courses are authorized to access your personal information. notwithstanding our efforts, the internet and online services have inherent security risks. the great courses cannot promise, and you should not expect, that your personal information, personal searches, and other communications will always remain secure. you should take care with regard to how you handle and disclose your personal information or any username or password that you are required to use to access services on this website or online service. 7. data retention periods we will retain your personally identifiable information for as long as your account is active or as needed to provide you services. if you wish to cancel your account or request that we no longer use your information to provide you services contact us at customerservice@thegreatcourses.com. we will retain and use your information as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements. 8. other social media websites, blogs, message boards the website and the great courses mobile application ("the great courses mobile") may make chat rooms, forums, commenting and message boards available to you and other users. you are not required to provide any personal information when using these areas but you may choose to do so. if you post personal information online, it will be publicly available and you may receive unsolicited messages from other parties. in addition, when you post a comment to the great courses mobile, the user name with which you registered for the website and your current location will be made publicly available on the website and through the great courses mobile. by using the commenting features of the website and the great courses mobile, you acknowledge that your user name and location information will be disclosed. we cannot ensure the security of any information you choose to make public in a chat room, forum, or message board. also, we cannot ensure that parties who have access to such publicly available information will respect your privacy. please exercise caution when deciding to disclose personal information in these areas. to request removal of your personal information from our blog or community forum, contact us at: customerservice@thegreatcourses.com. in some cases, we may not be able to remove your personal information, in which case we will let you know if we are unable to do so and why. 9. general audience website not directed toward children this website is a general audience website. our content is neither directed toward minors nor children who are under the age of 13. we do not knowingly collect personal information from children under the age of 13. if the great courses or our internet service providers become aware that a minor or a child under the age of 13 has provided us with personal information without the parental consent, that information will be deleted from our databases. parents who have questions about personal information that may have been submitted by a child under the age of 13 should email us at: customerservice@thegreatcourses.com. 10. consent to privacy policy by using the website, you signify your agreement to the terms of this privacy policy. we may amend this privacy policy at any time. if we make a material change to the way in which we collect, use, and/or share your personal information, we will post a notice on the website and/or send an email to users who have provided an email address. please note that you should always update your personal information to provide us with a current email address. 11. access to personal information and consent to transfer the first time that you provide us with registration information through our website, you may be offered the opportunity to subscribe to and receive additional information about our products and services. after your first use, you can make changes to your personal information and your initial choices by accessing your account or by contacting customer service e-mail at customerservice@thegreatcourses.com. the united states may not have data privacy laws that are deemed to afford an equal level of protection for your personal information as those laws legislated at the direction of the european union or similar geopolitical, national or regional legislative bodies. however, please be assured that the great courses will continue to adhere to the principles stated in this privacy policy and will make reasonable efforts to comply with applicable international, national, regional, territorial, and provincial laws in connection with any information collected through the website. the great courses will endeavor to preserve the integrity, confidentiality, and security of personal information and afford such personal information reasonable level of protection. for those website users located outside the united states, we advise you that your information may at times be accessible by individuals who are located worldwide including in countries that the european commission or other geopolitical regions have not been determined to provide the same level of data protection as in your country, province, territory or geopolitical region. by providing us with your personal information, you consent to our use of it in accordance with the great courses’ privacy policy, including the transfer of your information across international boundaries to jurisdictions anywhere in the world as permitted by local law. 12. your california privacy rights other than as is stated by this privacy policy, the great courses will not share any personal information about you with outside third-parties for their direct marketing purposes to the extent prohibited by california law, unless you agree otherwise as authorized by your prior written consent. california residents have the right to request information from the great courses regarding the manner that we may share personal information with affiliated companies and third parties for their direct marketing purposes. to find out what and how we share such information, you may send us an e-mail request at: customerservice@thegreatcourses.com or mail a request to: privacy officer, the great courses 4840 westfields blvd. suite #500 chantilly, va 20151-2299, and receive the following information: a. the categories of information we disclosed to third parties for their direct marketing purposes during the preceding calendar year, if any; b. the names and addresses of the third parties who received information for their direct marketing purposes; and c. examples of the products and services subject to the third-parties’ direct marketing programs, if the nature of the third parties’ business cannot be determined from their names. 13. questions about this privacy policy if you have any questions about this privacy policy or the privacy practices of this website, please contact us by email at customerservice@thegreatcourses.com. create account forgot your passwordback to login please enter your e-mail address associated with your great courses account. we will send you an email so you can reset your password. if you have problems, please contact us. email send email understanding investments professor connel fullenkamp ph.d. duke university course no. 5724 course no. 5724 share: sale choose a formati video or audio? while this set works well in both audio and video format, one or more of the courses in this set feature graphics to enhance your learning experience, including illustrations, images of people and event, and on-screen text. which format should i choose? video download audio download dvd cd watch or listen immediately with free streaming available on most courses stream using apps on your ipad, iphone, android, or kindle fire available on most courses stream to your internet connected pc or laptop available on most courses download files for offline viewing or listening receive dvds or cds for your library play as many times as you want all formats include free streaming all formats include free streaming add to cart add to wish list send e-gift course overview lecture titles your professor reviews questions & answers course overview about this course 24 lectures | 29 minutes per lecture what are your most important financial goals? sending your kids to college? buying a new home? retiring early? having the freedom to not worry about whether you can afford to buy a new car or go on vacation? it's your financial resources that are the determining factor in how you're able to answer these and a host of other questions. and few things are as important in determining just what those financial resources are as your understanding of where and how to invest.investing, and the skills to succeed at it, play critical roles in building and maintaining your financial resources. and investment opportunities are available to everyone. no matter where on your financial timeline you may be—whether you're just starting out, approaching retirement, or somewhere in between—there is no question that improving and enhancing your investment skills can have a positive impact on your financial life and in turn, your life goals. view more what are your most important financial goals? sending your kids to college? buying a new home? retiring early? having the freedom to not worry about whether you can afford to buy a new car or go on vacation? it's your financial resources that are the determining factor in how you're able to answer these and a host of other questions. and few things are as important in determining just what those financial resources are as your understanding of where and how to invest.investing, and the skills to succeed at it, play critical roles in building and maintaining your financial resources. and investment opportunities are available to everyone. no matter where on your financial timeline you may be—whether you're just starting out, approaching retirement, or somewhere in between—there is no question that improving and enhancing your investment skills can have a positive impact on your financial life and in turn, your life goals.understanding investments helps you do just that. in 24 lectures, it introduces the fundamentals of investing to those new to the subject while broadening and deepening the knowledge of more experienced investors. taught by professor connel fullenkamp, an award-winning educator from duke university who regularly consults in the world of international finance, these lectures clearly explain the various kinds of financial markets, the different kinds of investments available to you, and the pros and cons of each. even more important: the course shows you how to evaluate each of these in terms of your own financial situation.essential knowledge for newcomers and experienced investors if you're a newcomer to investing, understanding investments will give you the confidence—and specific tools—to get your feet wet in the investment world and begin building your investment portfolio, even if you have to start small; better understand the recommendations and advice of more experienced investors and financial advisors; develop your own personal investment plan; and move toward realizing your plan's goals with as little anxiety and fear as possible.and if you happen to be that more experienced investor, this course will introduce you to some advanced investment strategies and opportunities; show you how to stay on top of your portfolio, and adjust its direction as economic conditions—or your own plans—change. in addition to making you a more knowledgeable and confident investor, understanding investments will also help you make sense of the financial news that makes up an increasing share of what you read in our newspapers, watch on television, or discover on the internet. and it will also help you better grasp the financial condition and performance of the company at which you work, which can be invaluable in making key career decisions.using case studies, actual trading examples, and visual aids—including charts, graphs, and even the step-by-step construction of a simple financial planning spreadsheet—professor fullenkamp makes every point clear, so that no previous knowledge of the subject is required. you'll learn how the world of money works in plain english, with the only insider jargon being the specific terms you need to know in order to safely navigate the investment marketplace and understand what is being offered to you.learn how to invest with confidence and successin understanding investments, you learn the essential information every investor needs to know, including the basics of the stock market; investment options like stocks, bonds, and mutual funds, as well as other instruments like exchange-traded funds (or "etfs") that go beyond these standard choices; how to read and understand stock quotes and indexes; tools and simple calculation techniques for researching companies you may be considering as potential investments; the ins and outs of online investing; what dividends and stock splits are really meant to accomplish; the characteristics of bull and bear markets; the importance of regularly reassessing your financial goals; the management of diversification and risk, including the keys to avoiding the most common ways in which these two key factors are commonly misunderstood; and the importance of a well-thought-out plan for continuing to invest after retirement.in addition, professor fullenkamp makes a point of discussing some of the latest findings in behavioral economics so you can grasp the psychological forces investors face in various investment situations. these forces may well be helping to drive any decisions you make, and understanding their presence is an important defense against being driven in the wrong direction, even to the point of inadvertently sabotaging your investments.for example, we've all seen the fortunes made by those lucky enough to be in on the initial public offerings—or ipos—of companies that went on to become enormous successes. and most of us would plead guilty to dreaming of getting in on the ground floor of the next startup that goes on to become a coca-cola or an apple or a microsoft.but if you ever have the opportunity to invest in a startup, you'll be grateful for the tools professor fullenkamp gives you to wade through the complexities and psychological hazards. he shows you how to objectively evaluate a startup, determine its possibilities for success, and decide—with as little emotion as possible, and with full awareness of what psychological forces might be at play—whether it warrants a place in your portfolio.invest with minimal fear and maximum confidenceyou'll be using the same skills this course has been designed to give you when you evaluate any investment opportunity—skills that will allow you to invest with as little fear and as much confidence as possible. and, as your professor notes, that's the whole idea."because investing looks complicated and risky, most people don't feel well-prepared to make investment decisions,"professor fullenkamp says. "and when we don't feel prepared to make decisions, we put them off, if we can. and it's so easy to put off investing decisions, because there's no real deadline."but putting off investing is one of the biggest mistakes that people make with their personal finances. it turns time, which can be one of your best allies, into your worst enemy."by showing you a way around this mistake, understanding investments can be, long before you ever stride into that financial marketplace, the smartest investment you make. please note: this course is not intended to provide explicit financial or investment advice. all investments involve risk: past performance does not guarantee future success. you acknowledge that any reliance on any information from the materials contained in this course shall be at your own risk. view less 24 lectures 1 how to stop worrying and start investing in this introduction to investing, learn some of investing’s fundamental ideas and the basic impediments that can interfere with sound investment decisions. also, learn that there are ways to protect yourself, and that the path to becoming a sound investor is available to anyone willing to learn. x 2 how investors make money can anyone actually beat the performance of the stock market? grasp what the efficient market hypothesis and the debate over its validity can reveal about the answer—and how your own opinion can shape your investment strategy. x 3 starting with stocks learn why stocks, though often not the best place for a newcomer to begin investing, can be the best means of learning about investing. explore key ideas like dealers vs. brokers, the different kinds of buy-or-sell orders, and what stocks really are. x 4 the basics of bonds in this first lecture about bonds—with the focus on a “buy-and-hold” strategy—grasp the variety of available bonds and the features most important to an investor: who issued them, whether they are secured, and the timing of payments. you also learn how to “ladder” your holdings for a consistent income stream. x 5 introduction to mutual funds mutual funds are one of several types of so-called “pooled investments,” which allow small investors to hold securities they perhaps couldn’t afford individually. explore how these pooled investments work, with the focus on the most popular type, the open-end mutual fund, and learn what to look for in a summary prospectus. x 6 what are exchange-traded funds? learn how this relatively new option for investors differs from mutual funds and about the advantages they may have over mutual funds for those making investments outside of tax-advantaged plans such as 401(k)s. you also learn what depository receipts are, and the key role they play in etfs. x 7 financial statement analysis in the first of three lectures introducing standard tools for analyzing and selecting stocks and other possible investments, learn how to read a typical financial statement. grasp the meaning of concepts like income statements and balance sheets, and learn what they can tell you about a company’s strengths and weaknesses. x 8 p/e ratios and the method of comparables your skills broaden as you gain an additional tool for drilling down into a company to evaluate its investment potential. this lecture introduces the concept of valuation models, beginning with the popular method of comparables, which uses ratios like price-to-earnings, or p/e, to value stocks. x 9 fundamentals-based analysis of stocks add another stock-pricing model to your toolbox—the dividend discount model. you learn that such fundamentals-based models rest on two ideas: that an investment’s price should depend only on what it will pay you, and that future cash is worth less than present cash. x 10 startup companies and ipos the glamour of initial public offerings can obscure their realities. this lecture explains how most ipos are done, the “dutch auction” method that is sometimes used instead, and what you need to know if you get the opportunity to participate in an ipo. x 11 why should you care about dividends? interpreted correctly, dividends can be an extremely revealing indicator of a company’s value. explore not only dividends, but several other ways by which companies can reward their shareholders, including preferred stock, dividend reinvestment programs, and stock splits. x 12 using leverage although using leverage—borrowing a portion of the purchase price of an investment—can offer tempting rewards, the level of risk can be high. explore how leverage works as you learn about margin requirements, short sales, and how leverage impacts both potential profits and potential losses. x 13 choosing bonds gain the analytical tools to intelligently navigate the wide ocean of choices faced by anyone contemplating an investment in bonds. this lecture guides you through the three critical issues that can help shape your selection: default risk, inflation protection, and how your earnings may be taxed. x 14 bond school although bonds are often part of a buy-and-hold investment strategy, they can also be as actively traded as stocks, with just as great a risk. this lecture explains the descriptive terms, jargon, pricing, price-yield relationships, and standard practices you can encounter in the potentially confusing marketplace for bonds. x 15 picking mutual funds today’s marketplace contains an amazing variety of mutual funds from which to choose. you can navigate this often-bewildering array of choices with confidence as you learn the key categories of differentiating them, including assets, goals, balance of growth vs. value, and diversification. x 16 investing in foreign assets with about $80 trillion of investment opportunities outside the united states, foreign investment can be a tempting option. learn how the rules for diversifying into these investments are changing, and what you need to know to help ensure that your foreign investment decisions are as sound as possible. x 17 options are for everyone explore the world of stock and index options and how you can put them to work for you at very low or even zero risk. learn about call options, put options, strike prices, and how to use the return-enhancing technique known as the covered call strategy. x 18 real estate and commodities do real estate and commodities belong in your portfolio? and if they do, what are the best instruments for putting them there? this lecture offers a realistic view of these questions, including a look at real estate investment trusts, or reits, and commodity-focused etfs. x 19 cycles and market timing what role should three key cycles—price cycles in financial markets, the business cycle, and the interest rate or credit cycle—play in your investment decisions? learn how these cycles work and the best way to protect yourself against their fluctuations. x 20 deciding when to sell selling an investment—whether a winner or loser—can be emotionally difficult. in addition to learning why this is so, grasp the different reasons that selling is often the right decision, and learn some techniques that can help offset emotional influences. x 21 risk, return, and diversification the cliché is that high risk brings the potential of high returns. but you learn in this insightful lecture that the cliché isn’t true as you explore the two ways risks are classified and the very different expectation of potential rewards that come with each. x 22 time value of money in addition to understanding some basic ideas, you need some key skills for smart investing. this lecture teaches you how to perform the simple calculations that will enable you to compare returns across different investments, project their future value, and estimate a reasonable price to pay for them. x 23 financial planning zero in on the whole point of investing: reaching a particular goal or goals you’ve decided on. this lecture uses the calculating tools you’ve already learned to show you how to plan for your retirement, but its techniques can be applied to any financial goal you set for yourself. x 24 taking charge of your investments now that you understand the many investment products out there, it’s time for practical decision making about turning your financial planning into financial reality. grasp how to shape your investment choices to match your retirement plans and how to turn those investments into income for living expenses when you do reach retirement. x lecture titles clone content from your professor tab your professor ph.d. connel fullenkamp duke university professor connel fullenkamp is professor of the practice and director of undergraduate studies in the department of economics at duke university. he teaches financial economics courses, such as corporate finance, as well as core courses, such as economic principles. in addition to teaching, he serves as a consultant for the duke center for international development. prior to joining the duke faculty in 1999, professor fullenkamp was a faculty member in the department of finance within the mendoza college of business at the university of notre dame. originally from sioux falls, south dakota, professor fullenkamp earned his undergraduate degree in economics from michigan state university. in addition to receiving the harry s. truman scholarship, he was named one of the university's alumni distinguished scholars. he earned his master's and doctorate degrees in economics from harvard university, where he was also awarded a national science foundation graduate research fellowship. professor fullenkamp's areas of interest include financial market development and regulation, economic policy, and immigrant remittances. his work has appeared in a number of prestigious academic journals, including the review of economic dynamics, the cato journal, and the journal of banking and finance. he also does consulting work for the imf institute at the international monetary fund, training government officials around the world. he is a member of the imf institute's finance team, whose purpose is to train central bankers and other officials in financial market regulation, focusing on derivatives and other new financial instruments. in recognition of his teaching excellence, professor fullenkamp has received duke university's alumni distinguished undergraduate teaching award as well as the university of notre dame's mendoza college of business outstanding teacher award. along with sunil sharma, professor fullenkamp won the third annual icfr-financial times research prize for their paper on international financial regulation. view more information about this professor also by this professor financial literacy: finding your way in the financial markets view all courses by this professor reviews rated 4.3 out of 5 by 38 reviewers. rated 5 out of 5 by royt wish i had this course 20 years ago! dvd this is an excellent overview of investing, for both novice and “experienced” (not expert) alike. i wish i had known more about the subjects covered in this course years ago, along with the larger picture and practical advice that professor fullenkamp provides, instead of my trial and error “experience” of working my way through conflicting advice and confusing technical terms and jargon. from this personal perspective, i consider ‘understanding investments’ a terrific one-stop source of information. the most important aspect of this course is professor fullenkamp’s teaching a set of basic skills so that one can more confidently take charge of one’s own financial planning and investing. the title of his first lecture, how to stop worrying and start investing, truly sets the stage for the course. though it is not stated explicitly early on (or at least i did not catch it), the course assumes a long term retirement investment perspective. this does not come out directly until near the end, especially the final three lectures that deal with skills useful in retirement planning. as professor fullenkamp notes, however, these same skills are useful for other kinds of investment strategies as well. after taking this course i have a much better appreciation of the complexities in successfully picking individual stocks and bonds, and also an even greater appreciation of those in charge of actively managed funds. for most investors, professor fullenkamp is solidly for mutual funds and gives good advice about selecting them. he also talks extensively about markets and how they operate and how they affect one’s investments. no partisan of market timing, professor fullenkamp gives critically important advice about when to buy and sell. as a result of the course, for example, i have a much better informed understanding of risk and return, how to read stock/fund reports, how a money market fund operates, how to diversify one’s holdings, how exchange traded funds (etf) differ from mutual funds and how they might cut my taxes, and even how real estate investment trust (reit) and commodity investments could enhance a portfolio. i am math- and formula-challenged, so i was a bit apprehensive about that aspect of the course, but for the most part i got through easily enough. there are a couple of algebra-dense lectures that did set my mind wandering, but that it is not a deal-breaker for this course. professor fullenkamp is an engaging presenter and has organized the course in a very effective way, so i think it best to go from beginning to end to get the most out of it. the graphics and real-life examples are excellent. i recommend the dvd or video download of the course rather than the audio-only, as i do not know how i could have followed the lectures relying solely on audio. highly recommended! july 10, 2014 rated 5 out of 5 by robertl very practical advice professor fullenkamp offers a great overview of financial investment terminology and practices. though i have a fair amount of experience in investing, i found most of his material helpful in either introducing new concepts or in refining my thinking. so, i would recommend his course for novice and intermediate level investors. unlike other lecturers, professor fullenkamp is very comfortable in front of the camera and has a very engaging style. he makes an otherwise dry topic quite interesting. november 1, 2013 rated 5 out of 5 by cousindrew for the novice and the experienced investor alike this is a very practical course that does a great job of holding the interest of both the financial novice and the more serious and experienced investor. prof. fullenkamp is eager and earnest and has a very comfortable lecture style. he neither panders nor condescends and effectively communicates a lot of information in each lecture in a workmanlike fashion. his choice of material, the amount of time he devotes to each investment concept, and the pace at which he goes through the course topics are all right on the mark. if you like the study of investments, you will enjoy this course; if you find investments deathly dull, i think prof. fullenkamp provides you a relatively painless way to gain important information you really should not be without. bottom line, i give prof. fullenkamp and the course very high marks and would recommend it to all. june 22, 2012 rated 5 out of 5 by starsearcher more essential information [video download review] i studied finance as an undergrad. now, i'm a graduate student in linguistics (long story), but i think financial literacy should be taught in today's high schools. i've read countless books on investing, and i've studied it with great professors from the u of illinois. one of the first things i learned in my investment class is that clients who seek financial managers could, on average, do slightly better if they just took random stocks (weighted with bonds and other assets of course). and financial planners, i find, do not do a good job of investing on the whole. nor do they communicate very well to their clients (i went to several investment presentations put on by financial firms that friends had invited me to--free food!). what this course will be allow you to do is better prepare your financial planning whether alone or with a firm. if you invest with a financial services firm, this will give you some tools to kick the tires, as they say. what's my inflation adjusted return? what's my return compared to what the market did? etc. these are really a starting point, and there are many books out there. warren buffet famously lives by the principles outlined in "security analysis" by graham and dodd, but a more user friendly and modern book is "the intelligent investor". in the industry, these are considered "old fashioned" because they are supposedly supplanted by modern portfolio theory, the black-scholes model, among others. but they never mention how buffet has beat them all (and still does)! anyway, this along with the banking course put on by prof. salemi will give you a solid foundation in the financial world (see my review for that course). if salemi's course is about the weather in the ocean for ship captains, this course on investing is about how to steer the ship. the professor presents as well as he can, but he's not stellar in the sense of say greenberg or some others, but that's ok. he's enthusiastic and that makes up for it imo. why do i take these courses if i know most of the information? i like this stuff. and i like to see how others present it, so that i may better help my friends and family. i'm hoping to show these lectures to them sometime too. caveat: this is finance, not a "sexy" subject by any means. this stuff bores most people to tears, and you may find it work. however, i would say look at it this way: no one today can escape the world of finance. and with a little knowledge, you can profit a lot. one example, at a rate of 5% compounding interest, you can turn 1 dollar into two dollars in less than 15 years. if you search "compound interest calculator" on a search engine you can do the calculations yourself. thank you for reading, and here's to your financial health! april 24, 2012 2014-12-27 bvseo-cps-pl-prr 2 next>> questions & answers customers who bought this course also bought sale advanced investments steve l. slezak save up to $190.00 starting at $44.95 $79.95 $44.95–$79.95 sale financial literacy: finding your way in the financial markets connel fullenkamp save up to $185.00 starting at $34.95 $69.95 $34.95–$69.95 sale influence: mastering life's most powerful skill kenneth g. brown save up to $160.00 starting at $19.95 $39.95 $19.95–$39.95 sale behavioral economics: when psychology and economics collide scott huettel save up to $185.00 starting at $34.95 $69.95 $34.95–$69.95 sale the creative thinker's toolkit gerard puccio save up to $185.00 starting at $34.95 $69.95 $34.95–$69.95 some courses include free digital streaming. enjoy instantly on your computer, laptop, tablet or smartphone. buy together as a set and save up to $20.00 money and banking: what everyone should knowunderstanding investments choose a set format video download$124.90dvd$149.90 add to cart play video course categories science mathematics history fine arts music religion philosophy & intellectual history literature & language economics & finance better living professional high school more... best sellers new releases podcasts gift certificates about us careers events affiliates help 1-800-832-2412 customer service exchanges and returns faqs contact us lifetime guarantee explore our apps take your great courses with you anywhere shop our digital catalog here! © the teaching company, llc. all rights reserved. site map terms & conditions privacy policy connect with us: connect: to top please verify account to continue email address: password: