来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20151231034546/http://www.thegreatcourses.com/about-us/
================================================================================

about the great courses this experience is optimized for internet explorer version 9 and above. please upgrade your browser x video title ? 0 search site: search main menu sign in home courses categories science mathematics history fine arts music religion philosophy & intellectual history literature & language economics & finance better living professional high school formats audio video all on sale about us our approach 25th anniversary our heritage our professors our customers our guarantee our team our career opportunities podcast events gift cards customer service & help contact us shopping ordering & shipping returns & exchanges lifetime guarantee my account downloads streaming browser-related questions copyright information privacy policy terms & conditions faqs my account my digital library have a priority code? x what are priority codes? priority codes are on the back of the catalog, mail promotion, or within an advertisement. to ensure that the pricing on the website is the same as what is in your catalog or advertisement, please enter the priority code provided. existing customer sign in sign in to access your account information and digital media email address password forgot password? remember me sign in i am a new customer create an account password assistance please enter your e-mail address associated with your great courses account. we will send you an email so you can reset your password. if you continue to have problems, please contact us. email address send email create your account email address create password please enter a password that is between 5 and 20 characters long. confirm password i accept the terms and conditions and privacy policy. create account priority code enter priority code cancel apply apply a new code? javascript seems to be disabled in your browser. you must have javascript enabled in your browser to utilize the functionality of this website. the great courses the great courses 1-800-832-2412 about us x what are priority codes? priority codes are on the back of the catalog, mail promotion, or within an advertisement. to ensure that the pricing on the website is the same as what is in your catalog or advertisement, please enter the priority code provided. have a priority code? priority code: applied. apply new code? x priority code please enter a valid code apply search site: search courses categories science astronomy & space science biology earth sciences engineering & technology history & philosophy of science medicine neuroscience & psychology physics & chemistry social sciences mathematics applied mathematics history of mathematics mathematical theory history american history ancient history – classical ancient history – world civilization & culture medieval history modern history – europe modern history – world renaissance & early modern history military history fine arts art history studio art music classical music modern music musical theory religion biblical studies christianity comparative eastern & world religions judaism medieval philosophy philosophy & intellectual history ancient philosophy intellectual history medieval philosophy modern philosophy literature & language ancient literature & mythology american literature british literature linguistics world literature writing genre literary surveys economics & finance finance economics better living food & wine health, fitness, & nutrition hobby & leisure personal development travel parenting professional business communication skills education leadership skills thinking skills high school history math science study skills critical thinking skills reading & writing more... view all courses best sellers new releases courses on sale formats audio video sign in cart 0 your cart is empty wish list 0 your wish list is empty my digital library existing customer sign in email password forgot password? remember me sign in i am a new customer create an account create your accountalready have an account? email *first name *last name password please enter a password that is between 5 and 20 characters long. confirm i accept the terms and conditions and privacy policy x terms and conditions acceptance of terms and conditions welcome to the great courses. the following terms and conditions, which include our privacy policy, apply when you view or use the web site www.thegreatcourses.com and all websites associated with the thegreatcourses.com domain (our “site”), whether as a guest or as a registered user. these terms and conditions also govern the supply of any of the products listed on our site to you, including all features and functionalities, instant streaming, our website and user interfaces, and all content associated therewith (the “products and services”). by using, visiting, or browsing the site, or by ordering any of our products and services, you accept and agree to be bound by these terms and conditions. changes to terms and conditions the teaching company, llc (the “company” or “we”) reserves the right, from time to time, with or without notice to you, to change these terms and conditions, including the privacy policy, in our sole and absolute discretion. it is your sole responsibility to check the site from time to time to view any such changes to these terms. you will be deemed to have accepted such changes by continuing to use the site. the most current version of these terms and conditions can be reviewed by visiting our website and clicking on “terms and conditions” located at the bottom of the pages of the site. the most current version of the terms and conditions will supersede all previous versions. information about us our site is a web site operated by the teaching company, llc, 4840 westfields blvd., suite 500, chantilly, va 20151-2299 (under the trading name of the great courses). if you would like information on how to contact us, click contact us. accessing our site access to our site is permitted on a temporary basis, and we reserve the right to withdraw or amend the service we provide on our site without notice. we will not be liable if for any reason our site is unavailable at any time or for any period. from time to time, we may restrict access to some parts of our site, or our entire site. we have the right to terminate your access to the site if we determine that you have failed to comply with any of the provisions of these terms and conditions. you are solely responsible for keeping confidential any password you may be granted to access our site. we advise you not to share your password, payment methods or any other information associated with our site or your account with anyone. use of our site by accessing our site you agree to use our site, including all features and functionalities associated therewith and all content and software associated therewith, in accordance with all applicable laws, rules and regulations, including public performance limitations or other restrictions on use of the service or content therein. in addition, the following restrictions apply to your use of our site: (a) you shall not to upload, post, e-mail or otherwise send or transmit any material that contains software viruses or any other computer code, files or programs designed to interrupt, destroy or limit the functionality of any computer software or hardware or telecommunications equipment associated with our site; (b) you shall not to interfere with the servers or networks connected to any portions of our site or to violate any of the procedures, policies or regulations of networks connected to our site; (c) you shall not to impersonate any other person while using our site, conduct yourself in a vulgar or offensive manner while using our site, or use our site for any unlawful purpose; (d) you shall not attempt to gain unauthorized access to our site, the server on which our site is stored or any server, computer, or database connected to our site; (e) you shall not use our site in any way that is unlawful or fraudulent, or has any unlawful or fraudulent purpose or effect; (f) you shall not use our site to send, knowingly receive, upload, download, use or reuse any material which does not comply with all relevant provisions of these terms and conditions; (g) you shall not use our site to transmit, or procure the sending of, any unsolicited or unauthorized advertising or promotional material or any other form of similar solicitation (spam); or (h) you shall not use our site to knowingly transmit any data; send or upload any material that contains viruses, trojan horses, worms, time-bombs, keystroke loggers, spyware, adware, or any other malicious or harmful programs or similar computer code designed to attack our site (via a denial-of-service attack or a distributed denial-of service attack); or otherwise adversely affect the operation of any computer software or hardware. use of our streaming service we provide streaming products and services and non-streaming digital downloads over the internet to certain devices (streaming and non-streaming digital downloads are hereinafter collectively referred to as “streaming service”). currently, streaming service is only available on computers and certain ipadâ® devices. we reserve the right in our sole and absolute discretion to make changes from time to time and without notice in how we operate streaming service. any description of how streaming service works should not be considered a representation or obligation with respect to how the service will always work. we are constantly making adjustments to streaming service and often these adjustments are not completely captured within these terms and conditions. (a) availability of streaming service: the availability of streaming service will change from time to time, and from country to country. the quality of streaming services may vary from computer to computer, and device to device, and may be affected by a variety of factors, such as your location, the bandwidth available through and/or speed of your internet connection. we will stream a small amount of data to your device as a buffer each time you start streaming service. frequently starting and stopping streaming service will result in a minor increase to the amount of data the company streams to you per hour. you are responsible for ensuring that you have internet access and for all internet access charges. please check with your internet provider for information on possible internet data usage charges. the company makes no representations or warranties about the quality of streaming service. streaming service may be unavailable to you from time to time in connection with maintenance or for other technical or non-technical reasons, and, as a result, without prior notice to you, some or all products or services ordinarily available via streaming service may cease to be available. (b) initiation of streaming service: the amount of time it takes to initiate streaming service on a device will vary based on a number of factors, including your location, available bandwidth at the time, the particular product or service you have selected and the configuration of your device. in addition, you must be connected to the internet throughout the period in which you are accessing streaming service. (c) geographic limitations: you may access streaming service only in geographic locations where we offer streaming service. in addition, the content that may be available to watch may vary by geographic location. (d) software for accessing streaming service: streaming service software is licensed to the company and is designed to enable streaming of content from the company to certain devices. this software is licensed to you by the company pursuant to these terms and conditions and solely for the purpose of using streaming service and for no other purpose whatsoever. we do not warrant the performance of this software, including its continuing compatibility with our service. you may not copy or reproduce the software nor may you decompile, reverse engineer, disassemble, modify or creative derivative works of any of the software, or any portion thereof. any unauthorized use of the software is strictly prohibited and the company reserves the right to not provide the by using streaming service, you acknowledge and agree to receive, without further notice or prompting, updated versions of the software related to the streaming service. if you do not accept the foregoing terms, do not use the streaming service. we do not warrant that any of the software used and or licensed in connection with streaming service will be compatible with other third party software nor do we warrant that operation of streaming service and the associated software will not damage or disrupt other software or hardware. in addition, we do not take responsibility or otherwise warrant the performance of devices used in connection with streaming service, including the continuing compatibility of the device with our service. by using streaming service, you agree to look solely to the entity that manufactured and/or sold you the device for any issues related to the device and its compatibility with streaming service. any issues related to streaming service, including any system requirements, are covered and limited by these terms and conditions. user created content we permit you to post or send to us comments, information, ideas, concepts, reviews, or techniques and other material relating to products and services (each a “response”). (a) restrictions on response content you are not permitted to post responses that contain: harsh, profane or discriminatory language; illegal, obscene, threatening, defamatory or otherwise objectionable content; urls, phone numbers, mailing or e-mail addresses, other personal information; misleading information regarding the origin of the response; or a discussion of the company’s policies or services. we do not regularly review the responses posted on our site; however, we reserve the right to reject, remove or edit any such responses at any time without notice to you. you understand and agree that we may, but are not obligated to, review responses and may delete or remove them (without notice to you) in our sole and absolute discretion, for any reason or no reason. in addition, we may use responses for the purposes set forth under the “use of responses: license grant” section below. (b) use of responses: license grant the company is free to use any comments, information, ideas, concepts, reviews, or techniques or any other material contained in any communication you may send to us (each a “response”), without further compensation, acknowledgement or payment to you for any purpose whatsoever including, but not limited to, developing, manufacturing and marketing products and creating, modifying or improving the site or the products and services. furthermore, by posting any response on our site, submitting a response to us, or in responding to questionnaires, you grant us a perpetual, worldwide, non-exclusive, royalty-free irrevocable license, including the right to sublicense such right, and right to display, use, reproduce or modify the response submitted in any media, software or technology of any kind now existing or developed in the future. by submitting a response, you understand and agree that you are consenting to the release of all information provided in your response, including your rating of a product or service, to a public forum, including other users of our site. if you do not want your responses to be shared in a public forum, do not use the response feature on our site. privacy please review our privacy policy, which also governs your visit to, and any orders from, our site, to understand our practices in relation to any personal information you provide. consent to cross-border transfers you acknowledge that the data collected via our site will be stored in servers located within the united states. further, you acknowledge that your personal information may, at times, be accessible by individuals may be located worldwide including in countries that may have not been determined to provide the same level of data protection as in your country. by providing us with your personal information, you agree and consent to our use of such data and/or personal information in accordance with our site privacy policy, including, without limitation, the transfer of your personal information across international boundaries. linking to and links from our site where our site contains links to other web sites and resources provided by third parties, these links are provided for your information only. we have not reviewed the content of those web sites and have no control over the content of those web sites or resources, and accept no responsibility for them or for any loss or damage that may arise from your use of them. we are not responsible for and do not endorse or warrant any materials, information, goods or services available through any linked websites. these third party web sites have separate and independent privacy statements, notices and terms of use, which we recommend you read carefully. by ordering any of our products and services, you also acknowledge you have read, accept and agree to be bound by the end user license agreement of our third party provider mportal, inc. at www.mportal.com/eula/. grant of limited license to use the products and services unless otherwise specified, the products and services, including any content viewed through our streaming service, are for your personal and non-commercial use only and we grant you a limited, non-exclusive, non-transferable, license for that purpose. except for the foregoing limited license, no right, title or interest shall be transferred to you. you may not download (other than through page caching necessary for personal use, or as otherwise expressly permitted by these terms of use), modify, copy, distribute, transmit, display, perform, reproduce, duplicate, publish, license, create derivative works from, or offer for sale any information contained on, or obtained from or through, the our site, without our express written consent. you may not circumvent, remove, alter, deactivate, degrade or thwart any of the content protections on our products and services. any unauthorized use of the streaming service or its contents will terminate the limited license granted by us and will result in the cancellation of your membership. ordering products or services (a) restrictions on purchases of products and services (i) restrictions on geographic availability some restrictions are placed on the extent to which we accept orders for products or services from specific countries. these restrictions can be found on our frequently asked questions page of our site. please review our frequently asked questions pages on our site, as relevant, before ordering products and services from us. (ii) restrictions on age of purchaser you must be 18 years of age or older to place an order on our site. in certain jurisdictions, the age of majority may be older than 18, in which case you must satisfy that age in order to become a member. individuals under the age of 18 may only place an order on our site with the involvement of a parent or legal guardian, under such person’s account and otherwise subject to these terms of use. (b) product orders for shipment when you place an order to purchase a product from our site, we will send you a confirmatory email that will contain details of the product(s) you have ordered along with any delivery charges. you must check that the details in the confirmatory email are correct as soon as possible and should print out and keep a copy of it for your records. your order will represent an offer to us to purchase the relevant product(s) which will be accepted by us when we dispatch the product(s) ordered from our headquarters in virginia, usa, to you. we will confirm that the product(s) (other than downloads and streaming service) have been dispatched to you by sending you an e-mail confirmation (a “shipping confirmation”). this shipping confirmation will be evidence that we dispatched the product(s) to you, and that the contract between us (the “contract”) has been formed. the contract shall be deemed to include these terms and conditions. in the event that we are unable to fulfill your total order in one shipment (for example if one of the products you have ordered are out of stock), any product(s) on the same order which we have not confirmed in the shipping confirmation to have been dispatched will not form part of that contract. we will not be obliged to supply any such product(s) which may have been part of your order until the dispatch of such product(s) has been confirmed in a separate shipping confirmation. (c) orders for digital download or streaming service when you place an order to purchase any downloadable products or services, we will send you a confirmatory email that will contain details of what you have ordered, any delivery charges, as well as details regarding how you can download them. when you are purchasing a downloadable or streaming product or service, the contract between us relating to such downloads or streaming products or services will only be formed once we make those products and services available for you to download from our servers. (d) import duty orders may be subject to import duties and taxes which are levied when the delivery reaches the specified destination. you will be responsible for payment of any such import duties and taxes. please note that we have no control over these charges and cannot predict their amount. please contact your local customs office for further information before placing your order, and please refer to the frequently asked questions page of our site for further information. please also note that it is your responsibility to understand and comply with all applicable laws and regulations of the country for which the products are destined. we will not be liable for any breach by you of any such laws. (e) risk and title the risk of loss or damage to product(s) passes to you on delivery of the product(s). ownership of the product(s) will only pass to you when we receive full payment of all sums due in respect of the product(s), including postage and packing charges. (f) pricing the price of any product(s) will be as quoted on our site from time to time, except in cases of obvious error. prices are liable to change at any time, but changes will not affect orders for which we have already sent you a shipping confirmation (or confirmation email in relation to downloads). our site contains a large number of products and services and it is always possible that, despite our best efforts, some of the products and services listed on our site may be incorrectly priced. we will normally verify prices as part of our dispatch and distribution procedures so that, where a product’s or service’s correct price is less than our stated price, we will charge the lower amount when dispatching or distributing such product or service to you. if a product’s correct price is higher than the price stated on our site, we will normally, at our discretion, either contact you for instructions before dispatching the product, or reject your order and notify you of such rejection. in such circumstances, we are under no obligation to provide the product or service to you at the incorrect (lower) price, even after we have sent you a shipping confirmation, if the pricing error is obvious and unmistakable and could have reasonably been recognized by you as incorrect pricing. (g) payment payment for all products and services must be by credit or debit card. we accept payment with american express, visa, mastercard and discover. we will not charge your credit or debit card until we dispatch your order. intellectual property trademarks. the trademarks, trade names, trade dress, logos, and service marks (collectively, the "trademarks") displayed on this site are the registered and/or unregistered trademarks of company, or such third party that may own the displayed trademarks. nothing contained on this site or in the terms serves to grant to you, by implication or otherwise, any license or right to use any trademarks displayed on this site without the written permission of company or such third party that may own the displayed trademarks. site contents and copyright. the text, trademarks, logos, images, graphics, photos, video files, application functionality, or any other digital media, the products services available through our site and their arrangement on this site (“company intellectual property”) are all subject to patent, copyright, trademark and other intellectual property protection. company intellectual property may not be copied for commercial use or distribution, nor may company intellectual property be modified, processed, or reposted to other websites for commercial purposes without our written permission. access is granted to this site solely for your use of company services for personal entertainment, information, education and communication with company. you may download copy or print the content of this site for your personal non-commercial use only. no right, title or interest in any of the content of this site is transferred to you as a result of any downloading, copying, printing or use of this site. all such rights in company intellectual property not expressly granted in by the company are reserved. you are not permitted to modify the paper or digital copies of company intellectual property, or to use any illustrations, photographs, video or audio sequences or any graphics separately from any accompanying text. our status (and that of any identified contributors) as the authors of material on our site must always be acknowledged. if you print off, copy, download or otherwise use any part of our site or our products or services in breach of these terms of use, your right to use our site and such products and services will cease immediately and you must, at our option, return or destroy any copies of the materials you have made. the great courses products and services are provided for your personal use only. you agree not to resell, copy, or redistribute the great courses’ materials, nor may you use it for any commercial purpose. if you order downloadable or streaming products or services, you agree that the great courses’ encrypted watermarks are reasonable means to detect misappropriation of its course materials which are protected by copyright and trademark law. you agree that removal of such watermarks would violate the terms of this contract. copyrights and digital millennium copyright agents. pursuant to our rights under the digital millennium copyright act (“dmca”), 17 u.s.c. §512, we have designated a copyright agent to receive copyright infringement notices for claims of infringement related to materials found on this site. our copyright agent is ____ca inquiries__________. the agent can be reached at: 4840 westfields blvd. suite #500, chantilly, va. 20151 or via email at customerservice@greatcourses.com, dmca infringement notification. to be effective, your infringement notification must include the following: 1. a physical or electronic signature of a person authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed; 2. identification of the copyrighted work claimed to have been infringed, or, if multiple copyrighted works at a single online site are covered by a single notification, a representative list of such works at that site; 3. identification of the material or content that is claimed to be infringing or to be the subject of infringing activity and that is to be removed or have access disabled, and information reasonably sufficient to permit us to locate the material; 4. information reasonably sufficient to permit us to contact the complaining party, including address, telephone number and email address where the complaining party may be contacted; 5. the following statement: “i have a good faith belief that use of the material in the manner complained of is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law”; and 6. the following statement: “the information in this notification is accurate, and under penalty of perjury, i swear that i am the copyright owner or that i am authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.” upon receipt of the written notification containing the information as outlined in 1 through 6 above: 1. we will remove or disable access to the content that is alleged to be infringing; 2. we will forward the written notification to the alleged infringer; and 3. we will take reasonable steps to promptly notify the alleged infringer that we have removed or disabled access to the content. dmca infringement counter notification pursuant to the dmca, after the alleged infringer receives a notice of infringement from company, the alleged infringer will have the opportunity to respond to company with a counter notification (“counter notification”). to be effective, a counter notification must be a written communication provided to company’s designated copyright agent, and must include the following: 1. a physical or electronic signature of the subscriber; 2. identification of the material that has been removed or to which access has been disabled and the location at which the material appeared before it was removed or access disabled; 3. the following statement: “i swear under penalty of perjury that it is my good faith belief that the material identified above was removed or disabled as a result of mistake or misidentification of the material to be removed or disabled;” and 4. the subscriber’s name, address, and telephone number, and a statement that the subscriber consents to the jurisdiction of the federal district court for the judicial district in which the subscriber’s address is located, or if the subscriber’s address is outside of the united states, or any judicial district in which company may be found, and that the subscriber will accept service of process from the person who provided notification or an agent of such person. upon the copyright agent’s receipt of a counter notification containing the information as outlined in 1 through 4 above, the dmca provides that the removed material will be restored or access re-enabled and we will comply with this requirement as required by law, provided that the designated agent has not received notice from the original complaining party that an action has been filed seeking a court order to restrain the subscriber from engaging in infringing activity relating to the material on our network. our liability commentary, testimonials, reviews, and other materials posted on our site along with the products and services themselves are not intended to amount to advice on which reliance should be placed. we therefore disclaim all liability and responsibility arising from any reliance placed on such materials by any visitor to our site, or by anyone who may be informed of any of its contents. any of the material on our site may be out of date at any given time, and we are under no obligation to update such material. our liability for losses you suffer as a result of us breaching this agreement, including deliberate breaches, is strictly limited to the purchase price of the product you purchased. (a) disclaimers of warranties and limitations on liability this site uses cookies and may also use the services of third-party providers that deploy cookies in connection with their services. by using the site, you consent to the placement of cookies on any device used to access our site(s). except as otherwise provided on our site, products and services are provided “as is” and “as available” with all faults and without warranty of any kind. we and our licensors make no representations or warranties of any kind with respect to the streaming service, our site, and all and software associated therewith. the company does not guarantee, represent, or warrant that your use of streaming service will be uninterrupted or error-free, and you agree that the company may eliminate or otherwise modify any or all aspects of streaming service, including features, without compensation or notice to you. the company specifically disclaims liability for the use of devices in connection with streaming service (including their continuing compatibility with streaming service). without limiting the foregoing, we and our licensors assume no liability or responsibility for any of the following: (i) any failure or interruption in the availability of streaming service, (ii) delivery and or display of any content contained on our site or otherwise through streaming service; and (iii) any losses or damages arising from the use of the products or services provided on our site or otherwise through streaming service, including any losses or damages arising from downloading of related software, downloading and/or use of any other software. except as otherwise provided on our site, to the extent allowable by law, we and our licensors disclaim all representations and warranties, including, for example, warranties of merchantability, satisfactory quality, fitness for a particular purpose, and non-infringement. we do not represent or guarantee that your use of the streaming service will be free from interruption, loss, corruption, attack, viruses, interference, hacking, or other security intrusion and we disclaim any liability with respect thereto. no oral or written information or advice given by the company or an authorized representative of the company shall create a warranty or otherwise constitute a representation binding upon the company. in no event shall the company, or its subsidiaries or any of their shareholders, directors, officers, employees or licensors be liable (jointly or severally) to you for personal injury or any special, incidental, indirect or consequential damages of any kind, or any damages whatsoever resulting from loss of use, data or profits, business interruption or any other commercial damages or loss, whether or not advised of the possibility of damage, and on any theory of liability, arising out of or in connection with the use or performance of products or services, our site, and all contents and software associated therewith. in no event shall our total liability to you for all damages for losses arising from the use or inability to use the products or services, our site, and all contents and software associated therewith exceed the purchase price of the relevant product or service. in the event that a claim does not relate to a product or service, our total liability to you for any related damages shall be limited to one hundred dollars ($100.00). the foregoing limitations will apply even if the above stated remedy fails of its essential purpose. if any applicable authority holds any portion of this section or other sections of these terms of use, including any portion of the privacy policy, to be unenforceable, then those portions deemed unenforceable shall be severed and the terms of use shall be enforced absent those provisions and any liability to the company will be limited to the fullest possible extent permitted by applicable law. because some jurisdictions do not allow the exclusion or limitation of incidental or consequential damages, company’s, its affiliates’, agents’, licensors’ and suppliers’ damages in such jurisdictions shall be limited to the extent permitted by law. (b) indemnity you agree to defend, indemnify and hold harmless the company, any parent corporation, its affiliates, and its and their officers, directors, employees and agents, from and against any and all claims, damages, obligations, losses, liabilities, costs or debt, and expenses (including but not limited to reasonable attorney's fees) arising from: (i) your use of and access to the site; (ii) your violation of any term of these terms of service; (iii) your violation of any third party right, including without limitation any copyright, property, or privacy right; or (iv) any claim that any response submitted by you causes damage to a third party. this defense and indemnification obligation will survive these terms and conditions and your use of the site. transfer of rights and obligations these terms and conditions and any contract between you and us is binding on you and us and on our respective successors and assigns. you may not transfer, assign, change, or otherwise dispose of these terms and conditions or a contract, or any of your rights or obligations arising under them, without our prior written consent. we may transfer, assign, charge, sub-contract or otherwise dispose of these terms and conditions or a contract, or any of our rights or obligations arising under them, at any time. waiver if we fail, at any time during the term of a contract, to insist upon strict performance of any of your obligations under the contract or any of these terms and conditions, or if we fail to exercise any of the rights or remedies to which we are entitled under the contract or these terms and conditions, this shall not constitute a waiver of such rights or remedies and shall not relieve you from compliance with such obligations. a waiver by us of any default shall not constitute a waiver of any subsequent default. no waiver by us of any of these terms and conditions shall be effective unless it is expressly stated to be a waiver and is communicated to you in writing. severability if any of these terms and conditions or any provisions of a contract are determined by any competent authority to be invalid, unlawful, or unenforceable to any extent, such term, condition, or provision will to that extent be severed from the remaining terms, conditions, and provisions which will continue to be valid to the fullest extent permitted by law. notice and consent to electronic communications. when you visit this site or send e-mails to us, you are communicating with us electronically. by using this site, you consent to receive communications from us electronically, including, without limitation, e-mail and text messages. we will communicate with you by e-mail, text messaging or by posting notices to your account on this site. you agree that all agreements, notices, disclosures and other communications that we provide to you electronically satisfy any legal requirement for enforceability purposes, including the enforcement of electronic signatures. law and jurisdiction contracts for the purchase of products and services through our site and any dispute or claim arising out of or in connection with them or their subject matter or formation (including non-contractual disputes or claims) will be governed by governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the state of new york, without regard to conflict of laws provisions. and shall be subject to the non-exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of new york, new york. entire agreement these terms and conditions and any document expressly referred to in them represent the entire agreement between us in relation to the subject matter of any contract and supersede any prior agreement, understanding, or arrangement between us, whether oral or in writing. we each acknowledge that, in entering into a contract, neither of us has relied on any representation, undertaking, or promise given by the other or be implied from anything said or written in negotiations between us prior to such contract except as expressly stated in these terms and conditions. neither of us shall have any remedy in respect of any untrue statement made by the other, whether orally or in writing, prior to the date of any contract (unless such untrue statement was made fraudulently) and the other party's only remedy shall be for breach of contract as provided in these terms x protecting your privacy the great courses privacy policy effective date: july 15, 2014 welcome to thegreatcourses.com (“the great courses”) website (“website”). the great courses, its subsidiaries and affiliates, or other members of our family of companies value your participation and loyalty. we are committed to the protection of member and community privacy. the great courses has created this privacy policy in order to demonstrate its commitment to the privacy and protection of your personal information. to better protect your privacy, the great courses provides this notice explaining our information practices and the choices you can make about the way your information is collected and used. information about us our website is operated by the teaching company, llc, 4840 westfields blvd., suite 500, chantilly, va 20151-2299 (under the trading name of the great courses). if you would like information on how to contact us, click contact us. what information is collected how do we collect information how is your information used shared information links to third-party websites information security data retention periods other social media websites, blogs, message boards general audience website not directed toward children consent to privacy policy access to personal information your california privacy rights questions about this privacy policy 1. what information is collected the following are the types of information we may collect: the great courses may collect personal information like name, telephone number, email address, date of birth, home or business mailing address, and details regarding your mode of payment, e.g., credit/debit card or account information, when you access certain areas of the website that require registration or payment for products and services, or if you require more information about those services. non-personal information at other times, the great courses may collect information that cannot be used to directly identify you, such as browser type, dynamic internet protocol (ip) address, “click stream” data, and similar non-personally identifiable information. for example, we may aggregate non-personal information about you and other customers who visit certain areas of our website. aggregated information will not contain any information that can be linked directly back to you. while we take all reasonable steps to protect the privacy of our website visitors, we cannot promise that the current limitations of our online applications programming will address every browser setting or honor every personal browser preference. in particular, we have not implemented the necessary program changes to honor “do not track” or “dnt” browser signals. as our online applications programming is refined, we will take all reasonable steps to honor such requests in the future. please return to this privacy policy for further updates on this topic. further, our online service providers or business partners may implement technologies that allow for the collection of personally identifiable information over time and across websites. we recommend that you review each privacy policy posted on the websites that you visit to better understand privacy practices on those websites. electronic communications when you open emails from us or engage in sms or mms communications, we may log and store such information. we may also keep records of various communications regarding the types of products and services that you indicate are of interest to you via your response to email and text messaging. you will always have the option to opt-out of such communications by clicking an “unsubscribe” link or replying “stop” to our text messages. back 2. how do we collect information we may collect information from you in several different areas on the website, including, without limitation, those described below: registration you may be asked to complete a registration form and provide personally identifiable information; you may also be asked to choose a user id and password in order to take advantage of certain features on the website or digital messaging services, such as newsletters or contests. your decision to register is voluntary and you will have the opportunity to decide whether or not to disclose information to us and what communications you would like to receive; however, please be advised that many products and services available on the website require registration and if you elect not to provide such information, you will not be able to take advantage of those products and services. contests or sweepstakes we periodically operate contests and sweepstakes through the website and messaging services that will require registration or the submission of personal information. your personally identifiable information may be used to contact you for winner notification, prize delivery confirmation or other related purposes (see the rules of each contest for details about how your personal information will be used, including postings to the website). surveys and games from time-to-time we may request personally identifiable information from you in conjunction with a survey or games, such as quizzes. participation is voluntary, and you will have the opportunity to decide whether or not to disclose information to the website. at times, you may have to register to vote or to take part in a survey. when you register to play games on our website, you may be asked to provide personally identifiable information. cookies and tracking technology we may use any number of tools to collect information about you, your computer access points, and the web browser that you use to connect to our website. for example, “cookies” are tiny text files that we place on your computer’s hard drive when you visit our website. we may use cookies to personalize your website experience. you do not have to accept our cookies and you may delete them after they have been placed on your hard drive. if you do not accept or delete our cookies, some areas of our website that you access may take more time to work, or may not function properly. for more information about cookies, visit: http://www.allaboutcookies.org. the great courses may also collect additional information from your web browser each time you visit our website. we may collect information on the pages that you visit, the promotions or advertisements that you click on, and other actions that you take while using our website. this information may include your ip address, the type of browser, the time that your browser was used to access our website, and the referring website address. our internet service providers (defined below) may also use other standard web-based technologies to analyze your movements while accessing our website. the technologies include analytic solutions, web “beacons,” “pixel tags,” and “clear gifs.” these technologies help us ascertain the effectiveness of our product and service campaigns and marketing programs, allow us to customize the services offered on or through our website, and help determine the best use for website content, and product and service offerings. some of this information, including the ip address, may be stored on our internet service provider’s server logs, and may be available for extended periods of time. transaction information if you conduct a financial or other transaction with the website, such as subscribe to a subscription product or other products/services offered on the website, we will ask you to complete an order form that will request certain information from you, including contact information, demographic information and/or financial information. even though the collection form may have the look and feel of thegreatcourses.com, please be aware you may be giving your information directly to the third party internet service provider, and that in some instances such third party internet service provider's privacy policy will govern the collection of your personal information. please reference the privacy policies available from these pages for any privacy related concerns. we and/or our internet service providers will use this information to complete the financial or other transaction that you have requested, i.e., to deliver the information, products or other services that you request or purchase, to invoice you, and in a manner consistent with this privacy policy. for your protection, financial information is collected and stored through encrypted means. back 3. how is your information used thegreatcourses.com uses the services of independent companies to provide certain services to you, including, without limitation, website hosting services, credit and debit card processing, order fulfilment, contest and sweepstakes processing, and internet connectivity services (“internet service providers”). we use your personal information to send you order confirmations. in such cases, you should receive via e-mail an order confirmation within moments of placing your order. designed to supplement your learning experience, you will receive course starter materials for every course you purchase. these materials include the professor's summary of the course, links to recommended websites, and recommended readings. occasionally, you will receive interesting and compelling articles of interest on the subjects covered by our courses. from time-to-time you may receive e-mail surveys to vote for the great courses you want us to make, to rate the quality of the great courses you have purchased, to tell us what improvements to make to the great courses and our services, and to tell us which professors we should choose to make the next great course. we may also use your personal information to notify you of special offers. you will receive e-mails notifying you when courses featured in our print catalogs and newsletters go on sale. these e-mails also make ordering extremely simple—if you see courses that interest you, simply click on the links in the e-mail to find out more. we may also use your ip address to help protect us and our internet service providers from fraud. additional uses of your non-personal and personal information will allow us to tailor products and services specific to your needs, to help organize and manage your customer relationship and our business, to conduct business, to provide you with customer and member support, to perform functions that are described to you at the time of collection, and to enforce our website’s terms and conditions of use. we may also use non-personal aggregate information to improve our website. for example, our internet service providers may report to us that there were a particular number of visitors to a certain area of our website, or that a certain number of men or a certain number of women completed our registration form in particular areas of our website. such information may also be used to analyze the effectiveness of our business and advertising models. back 4. shared information we may share your personal information with the internet service providers as appropriate. for personal information collected after the effective date of this privacy policy, we may also share personally identifiable information with outside, non-affiliated third parties that offer products and services that are complementary to our product lines. however, such collection and use of personal information will not be retroactively applied to personal information collected before the effective date of this privacy policy, without your consent. we may also disclose your personal information as is necessary to: (a) comply with a subpoena or court order; (b) cooperate with law enforcement or other government agency; (c) establish or exercise our legal rights; (d) protect the property or safety of our company and employees, contractors, vendors, and suppliers; (e) defend against legal claims; (f) help with internal and external investigations; or (g) as otherwise required by law or permitted by law. we may disclose your information in connection with the sale or merger of the great courses or any transaction that involves the sale or assignment of some or all of our assets. third-party ad serving, analytics, and audience and traffic measurement services: we may use a third-party network advertiser to serve the advertisements on the website or may use a traffic measurement service to analyze the traffic on the website. network advertisers are third parties that display advertisements based on your visits to this website and other websites you have visited. third-party ad serving enables us to target advertisements to you for products or websites you might be interested in. audience and traffic measurement services allow us to collect anonymous traffic and behavior information from the website by monitoring anonymous visitor activity. although advertisers or other companies do not have access to the website cookies, the website's advertisers, sponsors and/or traffic measurement services may themselves set and access their own cookies on your computer if you choose to have your cookies enabled in your browser. cookies allow third-party advertisers to show you advertisements or content you might be interested in. note that any images (or any other parts of a web page) served by third parties in association with third-party cookies may serve as web beacons, which enable third parties to carry out the previously described activities. other companies' uses of their cookies are subject to their own privacy policies, not this one. please visit http://www.networkadvertising.org/optout_nonppii.asp in order to learn more about the information collection practices and "opt-out" procedures of third-party ad servers we may use. with regard to name and postal address only, from time to time, we may make our mailing list available to carefully screened companies. if you prefer we don’t share your name and postal address, please call our customer care team at 1-800-832-2412 or write to us at the great courses, 4840 westfields blvd., suite 500, chantilly, va, 20151-2299. (however, because this reflects a change in practice, the new policy applies only to the names and postal addresses of new customers added to our mailing list after october 1, 2013.) back 5. links to third-party websites links of this website may allow you to directly access websites operated by third parties, including, without limitation, our service providers (such as third-party shopping cart service provider) or marketing providers. some of these third-party marketing channels may be “co-branded” with our logo; even so, these third-party channels are not operated, controlled or maintained by the great courses. these channels or links are provided for your convenience only and should be used with your discretion and prudent judgment. links from our website to third-party websites do not constitute sponsorship, endorsement, or approval of the content, policies or practices of such third-party websites. the collection and use of your information by such co-branding third parties is the responsibility of the co-branding partner, and they may use your personal information for their direct marketing purposes. we are not responsible for any information these websites or digital channels may obtain and we do not oversee their policies or practices. this privacy policy does not apply to information provided to or gathered by the third parties that operate them. the privacy policies of these third-party websites may differ from ours. these websites may ask you for personal information. please review the privacy policy on third-party channels before submitting information, because we do not have control over the use of information collected on these websites. please review the privacy policies and practices of these digital channels before providing any personal information. back 6. information security the great courses makes reasonable efforts to ensure that our internet service providers have implemented physical, electronic, and procedural security measures to assist with safeguarding your personal information, and to help protect against unauthorized access and disclosure. only our authorized personnel and our internet service providers who perform legitimate business functions for the great courses are authorized to access your personal information. notwithstanding our efforts, the internet and online services have inherent security risks. the great courses cannot promise, and you should not expect, that your personal information, personal searches, and other communications will always remain secure. you should take care with regard to how you handle and disclose your personal information or any username or password that you are required to use to access services on this website or online service. back 7. data retention periods we will retain your personally identifiable information for as long as your account is active or as needed to provide you services. if you wish to cancel your account or request that we no longer use your information to provide you services contact us at customerservice@thegreatcourses.com. we will retain and use your information as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements. back 8. other social media websites, blogs, message boards the website and the great courses mobile application ("the great courses mobile") may make chat rooms, forums, commenting and message boards available to you and other users. you are not required to provide any personal information when using these areas but you may choose to do so. if you post personal information online, it will be publicly available and you may receive unsolicited messages from other parties. in addition, when you post a comment to the great courses mobile, the user name with which you registered for the website and your current location will be made publicly available on the website and through the great courses mobile. by using the commenting features of the website and the great courses mobile, you acknowledge that your user name and location information will be disclosed. we cannot ensure the security of any information you choose to make public in a chat room, forum, or message board. also, we cannot ensure that parties who have access to such publicly available information will respect your privacy. please exercise caution when deciding to disclose personal information in these areas. to request removal of your personal information from our blog or community forum, contact us at: customerservice@thegreatcourses.com. in some cases, we may not be able to remove your personal information, in which case we will let you know if we are unable to do so and why. back 9. general audience website not directed toward children this website is a general audience website. our content is neither directed toward minors nor children who are under the age of 13. we do not knowingly collect personal information from children under the age of 13. if the great courses or our internet service providers become aware that a minor or a child under the age of 13 has provided us with personal information without the parental consent, that information will be deleted from our databases. parents who have questions about personal information that may have been submitted by a child under the age of 13 should email us at: customerservice@thegreatcourses.com. back 10. consent to privacy policy by using the website, you signify your agreement to the terms of this privacy policy. we may amend this privacy policy at any time. if we make a material change to the way in which we collect, use, and/or share your personal information, we will post a notice on the website and/or send an email to users who have provided an email address. please note that you should always update your personal information to provide us with a current email address. back 11. access to personal information and consent to transfer the first time that you provide us with registration information through our website, you may be offered the opportunity to subscribe to and receive additional information about our products and services. after your first use, you can make changes to your personal information and your initial choices by accessing your account or by contacting customer service e-mail at customerservice@thegreatcourses.com. the united states may not have data privacy laws that are deemed to afford an equal level of protection for your personal information as those laws legislated at the direction of the european union or similar geopolitical, national or regional legislative bodies. however, please be assured that the great courses will continue to adhere to the principles stated in this privacy policy and will make reasonable efforts to comply with applicable international, national, regional, territorial, and provincial laws in connection with any information collected through the website. the great courses will endeavor to preserve the integrity, confidentiality, and security of personal information and afford such personal information reasonable level of protection. for those website users located outside the united states, we advise you that your information may at times be accessible by individuals who are located worldwide including in countries that the european commission or other geopolitical regions have not been determined to provide the same level of data protection as in your country, province, territory or geopolitical region. by providing us with your personal information, you consent to our use of it in accordance with the great courses’ privacy policy, including the transfer of your information across international boundaries to jurisdictions anywhere in the world as permitted by local law. back 12. your california privacy rights other than as is stated by this privacy policy, the great courses will not share any personal information about you with outside third-parties for their direct marketing purposes to the extent prohibited by california law, unless you agree otherwise as authorized by your prior written consent. california residents have the right to request information from the great courses regarding the manner that we may share personal information with affiliated companies and third parties for their direct marketing purposes. to find out what and how we share such information, you may send us an e-mail request at: customerservice@thegreatcourses.com or mail a request to: privacy officer, the great courses 4840 westfields blvd. suite #500 chantilly, va 20151-2299, and receive the following information: a. the categories of information we disclosed to third parties for their direct marketing purposes during the preceding calendar year, if any; b. the names and addresses of the third parties who received information for their direct marketing purposes; and c. examples of the products and services subject to the third-parties’ direct marketing programs, if the nature of the third parties’ business cannot be determined from their names. back 13. questions about this privacy policy if you have any questions about this privacy policy or the privacy practices of this website, please contact us by email at customerservice@thegreatcourses.com. create account forgot your passwordback to login please enter your e-mail address associated with your great courses account. we will send you an email so you can reset your password. if you have problems, please contact us. email send email about the great courses about us 25th anniversary our heritage our professors our customers our guarantee our team careers in the news about us about the great courses 25th anniversary our heritage our professors our customers our guarantee our team careers in the news mob-about see how a course becomes a great course the great courses are uniquely crafted for lifelong learners like you, with engaging, immersive learning experiences you can’t get in a lecture hall. the secret ingredient is you. our customers are involved at every step of the process, helping to choose course subjects and select professors from the thousands we screen each year. the course creation process that follows involves so much more than just placing a camera in the back of a classroom. we surround the world’s greatest teachers with a team of experts who collaborate on crafting a customized and entertaining educational journey that’s both comprehensive and fascinating. what you don’t get are the trappings of a university that you no longer need or want. there are no exams. no homework assignments. no prerequisites. you can choose the format that fits your life: video or audio, discs or digital. watch on a tv, laptop, or tablet while taking notes in the free companion guidebook. listen on your mobile device while going about your day. from concept, to development, to custom content & visual design, each of the great courses is an unparalleled educational experience designed with people like you in mind. not since my own dissertation defense had i felt “tested” in the way i was by the great courses test lectures. that they were willing to devote such time, money, and resources to vetting lecturers made clear the company’s commitment to producing the highest quality courses. the emphasis on quality was just as clear in every later stage of production, from the editorial feedback to the preparation of the visual aids and the meticulous way in which the taping was done, with every syllable being checked and double checked, and every “fix” reviewed two or three times. – professor don howard, ph.d., boston university university of notre dame turning a college classroom course into a great course is an awesome experience. nothing hones a course better than having to shape it into a disciplined experience with the advice and guidance of the great courses experts. the course becomes clearer. the experience vastly improves your teaching when you carry it back to the classroom and make all your classroom courses better. – professor edward j larson j.d., harvard university; ph.d., university of wisconsin-madison pepperdine university embed this infographic course categories science mathematics history fine arts music religion philosophy & intellectual history literature & language economics & finance better living professional high school more... best sellers professor chat podcasts gift certificates about us careers events affiliates help 1-800-832-2412 customer service exchanges and returns faqs contact us lifetime guarantee explore our apps take your great courses with you anywhere © the teaching company, llc. all rights reserved. site map terms & conditions privacy policy connect with us: connect: to top please verify account to continue email address: password: