来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20161218200006/http://www.thegreatcourses.com/courses/how-to-draw.html?ICMP=137661
================================================================================

how to draw this experience is optimized for internet explorer version 9 and above. please upgrade your browser send the gift of lifelong learning! how to draw professor david brody, professor of painting and drawing university of washington in seattle gifting information faq x frequently asked questions with an egift, you can instantly send a great course to a friend or loved one via email. it's simple: find the course you would like to egift. under “choose a format,” click on video download or audio download. click ‘send e-gift’ fill out the details on the next page. you will need the email address of your friend or family member. proceed with the checkout process as usual. once you have paid for your order, your friend or loved one will receive an email letting them know that they have a gift waiting for them at thegreatcourses.com. that gift will be added to their my digital library when they log in and click to redeem it. why do i need to specify the email of the recipient? we will send that person an email to notify them of your gift. if they are already a customer, they will be able to add the gift to their my digital library and mobile apps. if they are not yet a customer, we will help them set up a new account so they can enjoy their course in their my digital library or via our free mobile apps. how will my friend or family member know they have a gift? they will receive an email from the great courses notifying them of your egift. the email will direct them to thegreatcourses.com. what if my friend or family member does not receive the email? if the email notification is missing, first check their spam folder. depending on your email provider, it may have mistakenly been flagged as spam. if it is not found, please email customer service at (customerservice@thegreatcourses.com) or call 1-800-832-2412 for assistance. how will i know they have received my egift? when the recipient clicks on their email and redeems their egift, you will automatically receive an email notification. i don’t want to send downloads. how do i gift dvds or cds? egifting only covers digital products. to purchase a dvd or cd version of a course and mail it to a friend, please call customer service at 1-800-832-2412 for assistance. oops! the recipient already owns the course i gifted. what now? great minds think alike! we can exchange the egifted course for another course of equal value. please call customer service at 1-800-832-2412 for assistance. can i select a date in the future to send my egift? sorry, this feature is not available yet. we are working on adding it in the future. what if the email associated with egift is not for my regular great course account? please email customer service at (customerservice@thegreatcourses.com) or call our customer service team at 1-800-832-2412 for assistance. they have the ability to update the email address. when purchasing a gift for someone, why do i have to create an account? this is done for two reasons. one is so you can track the purchase of the order in your ‘order history’ section as well as being able to let our customer service team track your purchase and the person who received it if the need arises. can i return or exchange a gift after i purchase it? because the gift is sent immediately, it cannot be returned or exchanged by the person giving the gift. the recipient can exchange the gift for another course of equal or lesser value, or pay the difference on a more expensive item faq to send your gift, please complete the form below. an email will be sent immediately to notify the recipient of your gift and provide them with instructions to redeem it. recipient name recipient email confirm email message 500 characters remaining. checkout now cancel frequently asked questions with an egift, you can instantly send a great course to a friend or loved one via email. it's simple: 1. find the course you would like to egift. 2. under "choose a format", click on video download or audio download. 3. click 'send e-gift' 4. fill out the details on the next page. you will need to the email address of your friend or family member. 5. proceed with the checkout process as usual. q: why do i need to specify the email of the recipient? a: we will send that person an email to notify them of your gift. if they are already a customer, they will be able to add the gift to their my digital library and mobile apps. if they are not yet a customer, we will help them set up a new account so they can enjoy their course in their my digital library or via our free mobile apps. q: how will my friend or family member know they have a gift? a: they will receive an email from the great courses notifying them of your egift. the email will direct them to thegreatcourses.com. if they are already a customer, they will be able to add the gift to their my digital library and mobile apps. if they are not yet a customer, we will help them set up a new account so they can enjoy their course in their my digital library or via our free mobile apps. q: what if my friend or family member does not receive the email? a: if the email notification is missing, first check your spam folder. depending on your email provider, it may have mistakenly been flagged as spam. if it is not found, please email customer service at (customerservice@thegreatcourses.com) or call 1-800-832-2412 for assistance. q: how will i know they have received my egift? a: when the recipient clicks on their email and redeems their egift, you will automatically receive an email notification. q: what if i do not receive the notification that the egift has been redeemed? a: if the email notification is missing, first check your spam folder. depending on your email provider, it may have mistakenly been flagged as spam. if it is not found, please email customer service at (customerservice@thegreatcourses.com) or call customer service at 1-800-832-2412 for assistance. q: i don't want to send downloads. how do i gift dvds or cds? a: egifting only covers digital products. to purchase a dvd or cd version of a course and mail it to a friend, please call customer service at 1-800-832-2412 for assistance. q: oops! the recipient already owns the course i gifted. what now? a: great minds think alike! we can exchange the egifted course for another course of equal value. please call customer service at 1-800-832-2412 for assistance. q: can i update or change my email address? a: yes, you can. go to my account to change your email address. q: can i select a date in the future to send my egift? a: sorry, this feature is not available yet. we are working on adding it in the future. q: what if the email associated with egift is not for my regular great course account? a: please please email customer service at (customerservice@thegreatcourses.com) or call our customer service team at 1-800-832-2412 for assistance. they have the ability to update the email address so you can put in your correct account. q: when purchasing a gift for someone, why do i have to create an account? a: this is done for two reasons. one is so you can track the purchase of the order in your ‘order history’ section as well as being able to let our customer service team track your purchase and the person who received it if the need arises. q: can i return or exchange a gift after i purchase it? a: because the gift is sent immediately, it cannot be returned or exchanged by the person giving the gift. the recipient can exchange the gift for another course of equal or lesser value, or pay the difference on a more expensive item x video title ? 0 search site: search main menu sign in home courses categories science mathematics history fine arts music religion philosophy & intellectual history literature & language economics & finance better living professional high school formats audio video all on sale about us our approach our heritage our professors our customers our guarantee our team our career opportunities 25th anniversary in the news podcast events gift cards customer service & help contact us shopping ordering & shipping returns & exchanges lifetime guarantee my account downloads streaming browser-related questions copyright information privacy policy terms & conditions faqs my account my digital library have a priority code? x what are priority codes? priority codes are on the back of the catalog, mail promotion, or within an advertisement. to ensure that the pricing on the website is the same as what is in your catalog or advertisement, please enter the priority code provided. existing customer sign in sign in to access your account information and digital media email address password forgot password? remember me sign in i am a new customer create an account password assistance please enter your e-mail address associated with your great courses account. we will send you an email so you can reset your password. if you continue to have problems, please contact us. email address send email create your account email address create password please enter a password that is between 5 and 20 characters long. confirm password i accept the terms and conditions and privacy policy. create account priority code enter priority code cancel apply apply a new code? javascript seems to be disabled in your browser. you must have javascript enabled in your browser to utilize the functionality of this website. the great courses the great courses 1-800-832-2412 about us x what are priority codes? priority codes are on the back of the catalog, mail promotion, or within an advertisement. to ensure that the pricing on the website is the same as what is in your catalog or advertisement, please enter the priority code provided. have a priority code? priority code: applied. apply new code? x priority code please enter a valid code apply search site: search courses categories science astronomy & space science biology earth sciences engineering & technology history & philosophy of science medicine neuroscience & psychology physics & chemistry social sciences mathematics applied mathematics history of mathematics mathematical theory history american history ancient history – classical ancient history – world civilization & culture medieval history modern history – europe modern history – world renaissance & early modern history military history fine arts art history studio art music classical music modern music musical theory religion biblical studies christianity comparative eastern & world religions judaism medieval philosophy philosophy & intellectual history ancient philosophy intellectual history medieval philosophy modern philosophy literature & language ancient literature & mythology american literature british literature linguistics world literature writing genre literary surveys economics & finance finance economics better living food & wine health, fitness, & nutrition hobby & leisure personal development travel parenting crafts & woodworking professional business communication skills education leadership skills thinking skills high school history math science study skills critical thinking skills reading & writing more... view all courses top rated new releases courses on sale formats audio video sign in cart 0 your cart is empty wish list 0 your wish list is empty my digital library special sale 70% off existing customer sign in email password forgot password? remember me sign in i am a new customer create an account create your accountalready have an account? email *first name *last name password please enter a password that is between 5 and 20 characters long. confirm i accept the terms and conditions and privacy policy x terms and conditions acceptance of terms and conditions welcome to the great courses. the following terms and conditions, which include our privacy policy, apply when you view or use the web site www.thegreatcourses.com and all websites associated with the thegreatcourses.com domain (our “site”), whether as a guest or as a registered user. these terms and conditions also govern the supply of any of the products listed on our site to you, including all features and functionalities, instant streaming, our website and user interfaces, and all content associated therewith (the “products and services”). by using, visiting, or browsing the site, or by ordering any of our products and services, you accept and agree to be bound by these terms and conditions. changes to terms and conditions the teaching company, llc (the “company” or “we”) reserves the right, from time to time, with or without notice to you, to change these terms and conditions, including the privacy policy, in our sole and absolute discretion. it is your sole responsibility to check the site from time to time to view any such changes to these terms. you will be deemed to have accepted such changes by continuing to use the site. the most current version of these terms and conditions can be reviewed by visiting our website and clicking on “terms and conditions” located at the bottom of the pages of the site. the most current version of the terms and conditions will supersede all previous versions. information about us our site is a web site operated by the teaching company, llc, 4840 westfields blvd., suite 500, chantilly, va 20151-2299 (under the trading name of the great courses). if you would like information on how to contact us, click contact us. accessing our site access to our site is permitted on a temporary basis, and we reserve the right to withdraw or amend the service we provide on our site without notice. we will not be liable if for any reason our site is unavailable at any time or for any period. from time to time, we may restrict access to some parts of our site, or our entire site. we have the right to terminate your access to the site if we determine that you have failed to comply with any of the provisions of these terms and conditions. you are solely responsible for keeping confidential any password you may be granted to access our site. we advise you not to share your password, payment methods or any other information associated with our site or your account with anyone. use of our site by accessing our site you agree to use our site, including all features and functionalities associated therewith and all content and software associated therewith, in accordance with all applicable laws, rules and regulations, including public performance limitations or other restrictions on use of the service or content therein. in addition, the following restrictions apply to your use of our site: (a) you shall not to upload, post, e-mail or otherwise send or transmit any material that contains software viruses or any other computer code, files or programs designed to interrupt, destroy or limit the functionality of any computer software or hardware or telecommunications equipment associated with our site; (b) you shall not to interfere with the servers or networks connected to any portions of our site or to violate any of the procedures, policies or regulations of networks connected to our site; (c) you shall not to impersonate any other person while using our site, conduct yourself in a vulgar or offensive manner while using our site, or use our site for any unlawful purpose; (d) you shall not attempt to gain unauthorized access to our site, the server on which our site is stored or any server, computer, or database connected to our site; (e) you shall not use our site in any way that is unlawful or fraudulent, or has any unlawful or fraudulent purpose or effect; (f) you shall not use our site to send, knowingly receive, upload, download, use or reuse any material which does not comply with all relevant provisions of these terms and conditions; (g) you shall not use our site to transmit, or procure the sending of, any unsolicited or unauthorized advertising or promotional material or any other form of similar solicitation (spam); or (h) you shall not use our site to knowingly transmit any data; send or upload any material that contains viruses, trojan horses, worms, time-bombs, keystroke loggers, spyware, adware, or any other malicious or harmful programs or similar computer code designed to attack our site (via a denial-of-service attack or a distributed denial-of service attack); or otherwise adversely affect the operation of any computer software or hardware. use of our streaming service we provide streaming products and services and non-streaming digital downloads over the internet to certain devices (streaming and non-streaming digital downloads are hereinafter collectively referred to as “streaming service”). currently, streaming service is only available on computers and certain ipadâ® devices. we reserve the right in our sole and absolute discretion to make changes from time to time and without notice in how we operate streaming service. any description of how streaming service works should not be considered a representation or obligation with respect to how the service will always work. we are constantly making adjustments to streaming service and often these adjustments are not completely captured within these terms and conditions. (a) availability of streaming service: the availability of streaming service will change from time to time, and from country to country. the quality of streaming services may vary from computer to computer, and device to device, and may be affected by a variety of factors, such as your location, the bandwidth available through and/or speed of your internet connection. we will stream a small amount of data to your device as a buffer each time you start streaming service. frequently starting and stopping streaming service will result in a minor increase to the amount of data the company streams to you per hour. you are responsible for ensuring that you have internet access and for all internet access charges. please check with your internet provider for information on possible internet data usage charges. the company makes no representations or warranties about the quality of streaming service. streaming service may be unavailable to you from time to time in connection with maintenance or for other technical or non-technical reasons, and, as a result, without prior notice to you, some or all products or services ordinarily available via streaming service may cease to be available. (b) initiation of streaming service: the amount of time it takes to initiate streaming service on a device will vary based on a number of factors, including your location, available bandwidth at the time, the particular product or service you have selected and the configuration of your device. in addition, you must be connected to the internet throughout the period in which you are accessing streaming service. (c) geographic limitations: you may access streaming service only in geographic locations where we offer streaming service. in addition, the content that may be available to watch may vary by geographic location. (d) software for accessing streaming service: streaming service software is licensed to the company and is designed to enable streaming of content from the company to certain devices. this software is licensed to you by the company pursuant to these terms and conditions and solely for the purpose of using streaming service and for no other purpose whatsoever. we do not warrant the performance of this software, including its continuing compatibility with our service. you may not copy or reproduce the software nor may you decompile, reverse engineer, disassemble, modify or creative derivative works of any of the software, or any portion thereof. any unauthorized use of the software is strictly prohibited and the company reserves the right to not provide the by using streaming service, you acknowledge and agree to receive, without further notice or prompting, updated versions of the software related to the streaming service. if you do not accept the foregoing terms, do not use the streaming service. we do not warrant that any of the software used and or licensed in connection with streaming service will be compatible with other third party software nor do we warrant that operation of streaming service and the associated software will not damage or disrupt other software or hardware. in addition, we do not take responsibility or otherwise warrant the performance of devices used in connection with streaming service, including the continuing compatibility of the device with our service. by using streaming service, you agree to look solely to the entity that manufactured and/or sold you the device for any issues related to the device and its compatibility with streaming service. any issues related to streaming service, including any system requirements, are covered and limited by these terms and conditions. user created content we permit you to post or send to us comments, information, ideas, concepts, reviews, or techniques and other material relating to products and services (each a “response”). (a) restrictions on response content you are not permitted to post responses that contain: harsh, profane or discriminatory language; illegal, obscene, threatening, defamatory or otherwise objectionable content; urls, phone numbers, mailing or e-mail addresses, other personal information; misleading information regarding the origin of the response; or a discussion of the company’s policies or services. we do not regularly review the responses posted on our site; however, we reserve the right to reject, remove or edit any such responses at any time without notice to you. you understand and agree that we may, but are not obligated to, review responses and may delete or remove them (without notice to you) in our sole and absolute discretion, for any reason or no reason. in addition, we may use responses for the purposes set forth under the “use of responses: license grant” section below. (b) use of responses: license grant the company is free to use any comments, information, ideas, concepts, reviews, or techniques or any other material contained in any communication you may send to us (each a “response”), without further compensation, acknowledgement or payment to you for any purpose whatsoever including, but not limited to, developing, manufacturing and marketing products and creating, modifying or improving the site or the products and services. furthermore, by posting any response on our site, submitting a response to us, or in responding to questionnaires, you grant us a perpetual, worldwide, non-exclusive, royalty-free irrevocable license, including the right to sublicense such right, and right to display, use, reproduce or modify the response submitted in any media, software or technology of any kind now existing or developed in the future. by submitting a response, you understand and agree that you are consenting to the release of all information provided in your response, including your rating of a product or service, to a public forum, including other users of our site. if you do not want your responses to be shared in a public forum, do not use the response feature on our site. privacy please review our privacy policy, which also governs your visit to, and any orders from, our site, to understand our practices in relation to any personal information you provide. consent to cross-border transfers you acknowledge that the data collected via our site will be stored in servers located within the united states. further, you acknowledge that your personal information may, at times, be accessible by individuals may be located worldwide including in countries that may have not been determined to provide the same level of data protection as in your country. by providing us with your personal information, you agree and consent to our use of such data and/or personal information in accordance with our site privacy policy, including, without limitation, the transfer of your personal information across international boundaries. linking to and links from our site where our site contains links to other web sites and resources provided by third parties, these links are provided for your information only. we have not reviewed the content of those web sites and have no control over the content of those web sites or resources, and accept no responsibility for them or for any loss or damage that may arise from your use of them. we are not responsible for and do not endorse or warrant any materials, information, goods or services available through any linked websites. these third party web sites have separate and independent privacy statements, notices and terms of use, which we recommend you read carefully. by ordering any of our products and services, you also acknowledge you have read, accept and agree to be bound by the end user license agreement of our third party provider mportal, inc. at www.mportal.com/eula/. grant of limited license to use the products and services unless otherwise specified, the products and services, including any content viewed through our streaming service, are for your personal and non-commercial use only and we grant you a limited, non-exclusive, non-transferable, license for that purpose. except for the foregoing limited license, no right, title or interest shall be transferred to you. you may not download (other than through page caching necessary for personal use, or as otherwise expressly permitted by these terms of use), modify, copy, distribute, transmit, display, perform, reproduce, duplicate, publish, license, create derivative works from, or offer for sale any information contained on, or obtained from or through, the our site, without our express written consent. you may not circumvent, remove, alter, deactivate, degrade or thwart any of the content protections on our products and services. any unauthorized use of the streaming service or its contents will terminate the limited license granted by us and will result in the cancellation of your membership. ordering products or services (a) restrictions on purchases of products and services (i) restrictions on geographic availability some restrictions are placed on the extent to which we accept orders for products or services from specific countries. these restrictions can be found on our frequently asked questions page of our site. please review our frequently asked questions pages on our site, as relevant, before ordering products and services from us. (ii) restrictions on age of purchaser you must be 18 years of age or older to place an order on our site. in certain jurisdictions, the age of majority may be older than 18, in which case you must satisfy that age in order to become a member. individuals under the age of 18 may only place an order on our site with the involvement of a parent or legal guardian, under such person’s account and otherwise subject to these terms of use. (b) product orders for shipment when you place an order to purchase a product from our site, we will send you a confirmatory email that will contain details of the product(s) you have ordered along with any delivery charges. you must check that the details in the confirmatory email are correct as soon as possible and should print out and keep a copy of it for your records. your order will represent an offer to us to purchase the relevant product(s) which will be accepted by us when we dispatch the product(s) ordered from our headquarters in virginia, usa, to you. we will confirm that the product(s) (other than downloads and streaming service) have been dispatched to you by sending you an e-mail confirmation (a “shipping confirmation”). this shipping confirmation will be evidence that we dispatched the product(s) to you, and that the contract between us (the “contract”) has been formed. the contract shall be deemed to include these terms and conditions. in the event that we are unable to fulfill your total order in one shipment (for example if one of the products you have ordered are out of stock), any product(s) on the same order which we have not confirmed in the shipping confirmation to have been dispatched will not form part of that contract. we will not be obliged to supply any such product(s) which may have been part of your order until the dispatch of such product(s) has been confirmed in a separate shipping confirmation. (c) orders for digital download or streaming service when you place an order to purchase any downloadable products or services, we will send you a confirmatory email that will contain details of what you have ordered, any delivery charges, as well as details regarding how you can download them. when you are purchasing a downloadable or streaming product or service, the contract between us relating to such downloads or streaming products or services will only be formed once we make those products and services available for you to download from our servers. (d) import duty orders may be subject to import duties and taxes which are levied when the delivery reaches the specified destination. you will be responsible for payment of any such import duties and taxes. please note that we have no control over these charges and cannot predict their amount. please contact your local customs office for further information before placing your order, and please refer to the frequently asked questions page of our site for further information. please also note that it is your responsibility to understand and comply with all applicable laws and regulations of the country for which the products are destined. we will not be liable for any breach by you of any such laws. (e) risk and title the risk of loss or damage to product(s) passes to you on delivery of the product(s). ownership of the product(s) will only pass to you when we receive full payment of all sums due in respect of the product(s), including postage and packing charges. (f) pricing the price of any product(s) will be as quoted on our site from time to time, except in cases of obvious error. prices are liable to change at any time, but changes will not affect orders for which we have already sent you a shipping confirmation (or confirmation email in relation to downloads). our site contains a large number of products and services and it is always possible that, despite our best efforts, some of the products and services listed on our site may be incorrectly priced. we will normally verify prices as part of our dispatch and distribution procedures so that, where a product’s or service’s correct price is less than our stated price, we will charge the lower amount when dispatching or distributing such product or service to you. if a product’s correct price is higher than the price stated on our site, we will normally, at our discretion, either contact you for instructions before dispatching the product, or reject your order and notify you of such rejection. in such circumstances, we are under no obligation to provide the product or service to you at the incorrect (lower) price, even after we have sent you a shipping confirmation, if the pricing error is obvious and unmistakable and could have reasonably been recognized by you as incorrect pricing. (g) payment payment for all products and services must be by credit or debit card. we accept payment with american express, visa, mastercard and discover. we will not charge your credit or debit card until we dispatch your order. intellectual property trademarks. the trademarks, trade names, trade dress, logos, and service marks (collectively, the "trademarks") displayed on this site are the registered and/or unregistered trademarks of company, or such third party that may own the displayed trademarks. nothing contained on this site or in the terms serves to grant to you, by implication or otherwise, any license or right to use any trademarks displayed on this site without the written permission of company or such third party that may own the displayed trademarks. site contents and copyright. the text, trademarks, logos, images, graphics, photos, video files, application functionality, or any other digital media, the products services available through our site and their arrangement on this site (“company intellectual property”) are all subject to patent, copyright, trademark and other intellectual property protection. company intellectual property may not be copied for commercial use or distribution, nor may company intellectual property be modified, processed, or reposted to other websites for commercial purposes without our written permission. access is granted to this site solely for your use of company services for personal entertainment, information, education and communication with company. you may download copy or print the content of this site for your personal non-commercial use only. no right, title or interest in any of the content of this site is transferred to you as a result of any downloading, copying, printing or use of this site. all such rights in company intellectual property not expressly granted in by the company are reserved. you are not permitted to modify the paper or digital copies of company intellectual property, or to use any illustrations, photographs, video or audio sequences or any graphics separately from any accompanying text. our status (and that of any identified contributors) as the authors of material on our site must always be acknowledged. if you print off, copy, download or otherwise use any part of our site or our products or services in breach of these terms of use, your right to use our site and such products and services will cease immediately and you must, at our option, return or destroy any copies of the materials you have made. the great courses products and services are provided for your personal use only. you agree not to resell, copy, or redistribute the great courses’ materials, nor may you use it for any commercial purpose. if you order downloadable or streaming products or services, you agree that the great courses’ encrypted watermarks are reasonable means to detect misappropriation of its course materials which are protected by copyright and trademark law. you agree that removal of such watermarks would violate the terms of this contract. copyrights and digital millennium copyright agents. pursuant to our rights under the digital millennium copyright act (“dmca”), 17 u.s.c. §512, we have designated a copyright agent to receive copyright infringement notices for claims of infringement related to materials found on this site. our copyright agent is ____ca inquiries__________. the agent can be reached at: 4840 westfields blvd. suite #500, chantilly, va. 20151 or via email at customerservice@greatcourses.com, dmca infringement notification. to be effective, your infringement notification must include the following: 1. a physical or electronic signature of a person authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed; 2. identification of the copyrighted work claimed to have been infringed, or, if multiple copyrighted works at a single online site are covered by a single notification, a representative list of such works at that site; 3. identification of the material or content that is claimed to be infringing or to be the subject of infringing activity and that is to be removed or have access disabled, and information reasonably sufficient to permit us to locate the material; 4. information reasonably sufficient to permit us to contact the complaining party, including address, telephone number and email address where the complaining party may be contacted; 5. the following statement: “i have a good faith belief that use of the material in the manner complained of is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law”; and 6. the following statement: “the information in this notification is accurate, and under penalty of perjury, i swear that i am the copyright owner or that i am authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.” upon receipt of the written notification containing the information as outlined in 1 through 6 above: 1. we will remove or disable access to the content that is alleged to be infringing; 2. we will forward the written notification to the alleged infringer; and 3. we will take reasonable steps to promptly notify the alleged infringer that we have removed or disabled access to the content. dmca infringement counter notification pursuant to the dmca, after the alleged infringer receives a notice of infringement from company, the alleged infringer will have the opportunity to respond to company with a counter notification (“counter notification”). to be effective, a counter notification must be a written communication provided to company’s designated copyright agent, and must include the following: 1. a physical or electronic signature of the subscriber; 2. identification of the material that has been removed or to which access has been disabled and the location at which the material appeared before it was removed or access disabled; 3. the following statement: “i swear under penalty of perjury that it is my good faith belief that the material identified above was removed or disabled as a result of mistake or misidentification of the material to be removed or disabled;” and 4. the subscriber’s name, address, and telephone number, and a statement that the subscriber consents to the jurisdiction of the federal district court for the judicial district in which the subscriber’s address is located, or if the subscriber’s address is outside of the united states, or any judicial district in which company may be found, and that the subscriber will accept service of process from the person who provided notification or an agent of such person. upon the copyright agent’s receipt of a counter notification containing the information as outlined in 1 through 4 above, the dmca provides that the removed material will be restored or access re-enabled and we will comply with this requirement as required by law, provided that the designated agent has not received notice from the original complaining party that an action has been filed seeking a court order to restrain the subscriber from engaging in infringing activity relating to the material on our network. our liability commentary, testimonials, reviews, and other materials posted on our site along with the products and services themselves are not intended to amount to advice on which reliance should be placed. we therefore disclaim all liability and responsibility arising from any reliance placed on such materials by any visitor to our site, or by anyone who may be informed of any of its contents. any of the material on our site may be out of date at any given time, and we are under no obligation to update such material. our liability for losses you suffer as a result of us breaching this agreement, including deliberate breaches, is strictly limited to the purchase price of the product you purchased. (a) disclaimers of warranties and limitations on liability this site uses cookies and may also use the services of third-party providers that deploy cookies in connection with their services. by using the site, you consent to the placement of cookies on any device used to access our site(s). except as otherwise provided on our site, products and services are provided “as is” and “as available” with all faults and without warranty of any kind. we and our licensors make no representations or warranties of any kind with respect to the streaming service, our site, and all and software associated therewith. the company does not guarantee, represent, or warrant that your use of streaming service will be uninterrupted or error-free, and you agree that the company may eliminate or otherwise modify any or all aspects of streaming service, including features, without compensation or notice to you. the company specifically disclaims liability for the use of devices in connection with streaming service (including their continuing compatibility with streaming service). without limiting the foregoing, we and our licensors assume no liability or responsibility for any of the following: (i) any failure or interruption in the availability of streaming service, (ii) delivery and or display of any content contained on our site or otherwise through streaming service; and (iii) any losses or damages arising from the use of the products or services provided on our site or otherwise through streaming service, including any losses or damages arising from downloading of related software, downloading and/or use of any other software. except as otherwise provided on our site, to the extent allowable by law, we and our licensors disclaim all representations and warranties, including, for example, warranties of merchantability, satisfactory quality, fitness for a particular purpose, and non-infringement. we do not represent or guarantee that your use of the streaming service will be free from interruption, loss, corruption, attack, viruses, interference, hacking, or other security intrusion and we disclaim any liability with respect thereto. no oral or written information or advice given by the company or an authorized representative of the company shall create a warranty or otherwise constitute a representation binding upon the company. in no event shall the company, or its subsidiaries or any of their shareholders, directors, officers, employees or licensors be liable (jointly or severally) to you for personal injury or any special, incidental, indirect or consequential damages of any kind, or any damages whatsoever resulting from loss of use, data or profits, business interruption or any other commercial damages or loss, whether or not advised of the possibility of damage, and on any theory of liability, arising out of or in connection with the use or performance of products or services, our site, and all contents and software associated therewith. in no event shall our total liability to you for all damages for losses arising from the use or inability to use the products or services, our site, and all contents and software associated therewith exceed the purchase price of the relevant product or service. in the event that a claim does not relate to a product or service, our total liability to you for any related damages shall be limited to one hundred dollars ($100.00). the foregoing limitations will apply even if the above stated remedy fails of its essential purpose. if any applicable authority holds any portion of this section or other sections of these terms of use, including any portion of the privacy policy, to be unenforceable, then those portions deemed unenforceable shall be severed and the terms of use shall be enforced absent those provisions and any liability to the company will be limited to the fullest possible extent permitted by applicable law. because some jurisdictions do not allow the exclusion or limitation of incidental or consequential damages, company’s, its affiliates’, agents’, licensors’ and suppliers’ damages in such jurisdictions shall be limited to the extent permitted by law. (b) indemnity you agree to defend, indemnify and hold harmless the company, any parent corporation, its affiliates, and its and their officers, directors, employees and agents, from and against any and all claims, damages, obligations, losses, liabilities, costs or debt, and expenses (including but not limited to reasonable attorney's fees) arising from: (i) your use of and access to the site; (ii) your violation of any term of these terms of service; (iii) your violation of any third party right, including without limitation any copyright, property, or privacy right; or (iv) any claim that any response submitted by you causes damage to a third party. this defense and indemnification obligation will survive these terms and conditions and your use of the site. transfer of rights and obligations these terms and conditions and any contract between you and us is binding on you and us and on our respective successors and assigns. you may not transfer, assign, change, or otherwise dispose of these terms and conditions or a contract, or any of your rights or obligations arising under them, without our prior written consent. we may transfer, assign, charge, sub-contract or otherwise dispose of these terms and conditions or a contract, or any of our rights or obligations arising under them, at any time. waiver if we fail, at any time during the term of a contract, to insist upon strict performance of any of your obligations under the contract or any of these terms and conditions, or if we fail to exercise any of the rights or remedies to which we are entitled under the contract or these terms and conditions, this shall not constitute a waiver of such rights or remedies and shall not relieve you from compliance with such obligations. a waiver by us of any default shall not constitute a waiver of any subsequent default. no waiver by us of any of these terms and conditions shall be effective unless it is expressly stated to be a waiver and is communicated to you in writing. severability if any of these terms and conditions or any provisions of a contract are determined by any competent authority to be invalid, unlawful, or unenforceable to any extent, such term, condition, or provision will to that extent be severed from the remaining terms, conditions, and provisions which will continue to be valid to the fullest extent permitted by law. notice and consent to electronic communications. when you visit this site or send e-mails to us, you are communicating with us electronically. by using this site, you consent to receive communications from us electronically, including, without limitation, e-mail and text messages. we will communicate with you by e-mail, text messaging or by posting notices to your account on this site. you agree that all agreements, notices, disclosures and other communications that we provide to you electronically satisfy any legal requirement for enforceability purposes, including the enforcement of electronic signatures. law and jurisdiction contracts for the purchase of products and services through our site and any dispute or claim arising out of or in connection with them or their subject matter or formation (including non-contractual disputes or claims) will be governed by governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the state of new york, without regard to conflict of laws provisions. and shall be subject to the non-exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of new york, new york. entire agreement these terms and conditions and any document expressly referred to in them represent the entire agreement between us in relation to the subject matter of any contract and supersede any prior agreement, understanding, or arrangement between us, whether oral or in writing. we each acknowledge that, in entering into a contract, neither of us has relied on any representation, undertaking, or promise given by the other or be implied from anything said or written in negotiations between us prior to such contract except as expressly stated in these terms and conditions. neither of us shall have any remedy in respect of any untrue statement made by the other, whether orally or in writing, prior to the date of any contract (unless such untrue statement was made fraudulently) and the other party's only remedy shall be for breach of contract as provided in these terms x protecting your privacy the great courses privacy policy effective date: july 15, 2014 welcome to thegreatcourses.com (“the great courses”) website (“website”). the great courses, its subsidiaries and affiliates, or other members of our family of companies value your participation and loyalty. we are committed to the protection of member and community privacy. the great courses has created this privacy policy in order to demonstrate its commitment to the privacy and protection of your personal information. to better protect your privacy, the great courses provides this notice explaining our information practices and the choices you can make about the way your information is collected and used. information about us our website is operated by the teaching company, llc, 4840 westfields blvd., suite 500, chantilly, va 20151-2299 (under the trading name of the great courses). if you would like information on how to contact us, click contact us. what information is collected how do we collect information how is your information used shared information links to third-party websites information security data retention periods other social media websites, blogs, message boards general audience website not directed toward children consent to privacy policy access to personal information your california privacy rights questions about this privacy policy 1. what information is collected the following are the types of information we may collect: the great courses may collect personal information like name, telephone number, email address, date of birth, home or business mailing address, and details regarding your mode of payment, e.g., credit/debit card or account information, when you access certain areas of the website that require registration or payment for products and services, or if you require more information about those services. non-personal information at other times, the great courses may collect information that cannot be used to directly identify you, such as browser type, dynamic internet protocol (ip) address, “click stream” data, and similar non-personally identifiable information. for example, we may aggregate non-personal information about you and other customers who visit certain areas of our website. aggregated information will not contain any information that can be linked directly back to you. while we take all reasonable steps to protect the privacy of our website visitors, we cannot promise that the current limitations of our online applications programming will address every browser setting or honor every personal browser preference. in particular, we have not implemented the necessary program changes to honor “do not track” or “dnt” browser signals. as our online applications programming is refined, we will take all reasonable steps to honor such requests in the future. please return to this privacy policy for further updates on this topic. further, our online service providers or business partners may implement technologies that allow for the collection of personally identifiable information over time and across websites. we recommend that you review each privacy policy posted on the websites that you visit to better understand privacy practices on those websites. electronic communications when you open emails from us or engage in sms or mms communications, we may log and store such information. we may also keep records of various communications regarding the types of products and services that you indicate are of interest to you via your response to email and text messaging. you will always have the option to opt-out of such communications by clicking an “unsubscribe” link or replying “stop” to our text messages. back 2. how do we collect information we may collect information from you in several different areas on the website, including, without limitation, those described below: registration you may be asked to complete a registration form and provide personally identifiable information; you may also be asked to choose a user id and password in order to take advantage of certain features on the website or digital messaging services, such as newsletters or contests. your decision to register is voluntary and you will have the opportunity to decide whether or not to disclose information to us and what communications you would like to receive; however, please be advised that many products and services available on the website require registration and if you elect not to provide such information, you will not be able to take advantage of those products and services. contests or sweepstakes we periodically operate contests and sweepstakes through the website and messaging services that will require registration or the submission of personal information. your personally identifiable information may be used to contact you for winner notification, prize delivery confirmation or other related purposes (see the rules of each contest for details about how your personal information will be used, including postings to the website). surveys and games from time-to-time we may request personally identifiable information from you in conjunction with a survey or games, such as quizzes. participation is voluntary, and you will have the opportunity to decide whether or not to disclose information to the website. at times, you may have to register to vote or to take part in a survey. when you register to play games on our website, you may be asked to provide personally identifiable information. cookies and tracking technology we may use any number of tools to collect information about you, your computer access points, and the web browser that you use to connect to our website. for example, “cookies” are tiny text files that we place on your computer’s hard drive when you visit our website. we may use cookies to personalize your website experience. you do not have to accept our cookies and you may delete them after they have been placed on your hard drive. if you do not accept or delete our cookies, some areas of our website that you access may take more time to work, or may not function properly. for more information about cookies, visit: http://www.allaboutcookies.org. the great courses may also collect additional information from your web browser each time you visit our website. we may collect information on the pages that you visit, the promotions or advertisements that you click on, and other actions that you take while using our website. this information may include your ip address, the type of browser, the time that your browser was used to access our website, and the referring website address. our internet service providers (defined below) may also use other standard web-based technologies to analyze your movements while accessing our website. the technologies include analytic solutions, web “beacons,” “pixel tags,” and “clear gifs.” these technologies help us ascertain the effectiveness of our product and service campaigns and marketing programs, allow us to customize the services offered on or through our website, and help determine the best use for website content, and product and service offerings. some of this information, including the ip address, may be stored on our internet service provider’s server logs, and may be available for extended periods of time. transaction information if you conduct a financial or other transaction with the website, such as subscribe to a subscription product or other products/services offered on the website, we will ask you to complete an order form that will request certain information from you, including contact information, demographic information and/or financial information. even though the collection form may have the look and feel of thegreatcourses.com, please be aware you may be giving your information directly to the third party internet service provider, and that in some instances such third party internet service provider's privacy policy will govern the collection of your personal information. please reference the privacy policies available from these pages for any privacy related concerns. we and/or our internet service providers will use this information to complete the financial or other transaction that you have requested, i.e., to deliver the information, products or other services that you request or purchase, to invoice you, and in a manner consistent with this privacy policy. for your protection, financial information is collected and stored through encrypted means. back 3. how is your information used thegreatcourses.com uses the services of independent companies to provide certain services to you, including, without limitation, website hosting services, credit and debit card processing, order fulfilment, contest and sweepstakes processing, and internet connectivity services (“internet service providers”). we use your personal information to send you order confirmations. in such cases, you should receive via e-mail an order confirmation within moments of placing your order. designed to supplement your learning experience, you will receive course starter materials for every course you purchase. these materials include the professor's summary of the course, links to recommended websites, and recommended readings. occasionally, you will receive interesting and compelling articles of interest on the subjects covered by our courses. from time-to-time you may receive e-mail surveys to vote for the great courses you want us to make, to rate the quality of the great courses you have purchased, to tell us what improvements to make to the great courses and our services, and to tell us which professors we should choose to make the next great course. we may also use your personal information to notify you of special offers. you will receive e-mails notifying you when courses featured in our print catalogs and newsletters go on sale. these e-mails also make ordering extremely simple—if you see courses that interest you, simply click on the links in the e-mail to find out more. we may also use your ip address to help protect us and our internet service providers from fraud. additional uses of your non-personal and personal information will allow us to tailor products and services specific to your needs, to help organize and manage your customer relationship and our business, to conduct business, to provide you with customer and member support, to perform functions that are described to you at the time of collection, and to enforce our website’s terms and conditions of use. we may also use non-personal aggregate information to improve our website. for example, our internet service providers may report to us that there were a particular number of visitors to a certain area of our website, or that a certain number of men or a certain number of women completed our registration form in particular areas of our website. such information may also be used to analyze the effectiveness of our business and advertising models. back 4. shared information we may share your personal information with the internet service providers as appropriate. for personal information collected after the effective date of this privacy policy, we may also share personally identifiable information with outside, non-affiliated third parties that offer products and services that are complementary to our product lines. however, such collection and use of personal information will not be retroactively applied to personal information collected before the effective date of this privacy policy, without your consent. we may also disclose your personal information as is necessary to: (a) comply with a subpoena or court order; (b) cooperate with law enforcement or other government agency; (c) establish or exercise our legal rights; (d) protect the property or safety of our company and employees, contractors, vendors, and suppliers; (e) defend against legal claims; (f) help with internal and external investigations; or (g) as otherwise required by law or permitted by law. we may disclose your information in connection with the sale or merger of the great courses or any transaction that involves the sale or assignment of some or all of our assets. third-party ad serving, analytics, and audience and traffic measurement services: we may use a third-party network advertiser to serve the advertisements on the website or may use a traffic measurement service to analyze the traffic on the website. network advertisers are third parties that display advertisements based on your visits to this website and other websites you have visited. third-party ad serving enables us to target advertisements to you for products or websites you might be interested in. audience and traffic measurement services allow us to collect anonymous traffic and behavior information from the website by monitoring anonymous visitor activity. although advertisers or other companies do not have access to the website cookies, the website's advertisers, sponsors and/or traffic measurement services may themselves set and access their own cookies on your computer if you choose to have your cookies enabled in your browser. cookies allow third-party advertisers to show you advertisements or content you might be interested in. note that any images (or any other parts of a web page) served by third parties in association with third-party cookies may serve as web beacons, which enable third parties to carry out the previously described activities. other companies' uses of their cookies are subject to their own privacy policies, not this one. please visit http://www.networkadvertising.org/optout_nonppii.asp in order to learn more about the information collection practices and "opt-out" procedures of third-party ad servers we may use. with regard to name and postal address only, from time to time, we may make our mailing list available to carefully screened companies. if you prefer we don’t share your name and postal address, please call our customer care team at 1-800-832-2412 or write to us at the great courses, 4840 westfields blvd., suite 500, chantilly, va, 20151-2299. (however, because this reflects a change in practice, the new policy applies only to the names and postal addresses of new customers added to our mailing list after october 1, 2013.) back 5. links to third-party websites links of this website may allow you to directly access websites operated by third parties, including, without limitation, our service providers (such as third-party shopping cart service provider) or marketing providers. some of these third-party marketing channels may be “co-branded” with our logo; even so, these third-party channels are not operated, controlled or maintained by the great courses. these channels or links are provided for your convenience only and should be used with your discretion and prudent judgment. links from our website to third-party websites do not constitute sponsorship, endorsement, or approval of the content, policies or practices of such third-party websites. the collection and use of your information by such co-branding third parties is the responsibility of the co-branding partner, and they may use your personal information for their direct marketing purposes. we are not responsible for any information these websites or digital channels may obtain and we do not oversee their policies or practices. this privacy policy does not apply to information provided to or gathered by the third parties that operate them. the privacy policies of these third-party websites may differ from ours. these websites may ask you for personal information. please review the privacy policy on third-party channels before submitting information, because we do not have control over the use of information collected on these websites. please review the privacy policies and practices of these digital channels before providing any personal information. back 6. information security the great courses makes reasonable efforts to ensure that our internet service providers have implemented physical, electronic, and procedural security measures to assist with safeguarding your personal information, and to help protect against unauthorized access and disclosure. only our authorized personnel and our internet service providers who perform legitimate business functions for the great courses are authorized to access your personal information. notwithstanding our efforts, the internet and online services have inherent security risks. the great courses cannot promise, and you should not expect, that your personal information, personal searches, and other communications will always remain secure. you should take care with regard to how you handle and disclose your personal information or any username or password that you are required to use to access services on this website or online service. back 7. data retention periods we will retain your personally identifiable information for as long as your account is active or as needed to provide you services. if you wish to cancel your account or request that we no longer use your information to provide you services contact us at customerservice@thegreatcourses.com. we will retain and use your information as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements. back 8. other social media websites, blogs, message boards the website and the great courses mobile application ("the great courses mobile") may make chat rooms, forums, commenting and message boards available to you and other users. you are not required to provide any personal information when using these areas but you may choose to do so. if you post personal information online, it will be publicly available and you may receive unsolicited messages from other parties. in addition, when you post a comment to the great courses mobile, the user name with which you registered for the website and your current location will be made publicly available on the website and through the great courses mobile. by using the commenting features of the website and the great courses mobile, you acknowledge that your user name and location information will be disclosed. we cannot ensure the security of any information you choose to make public in a chat room, forum, or message board. also, we cannot ensure that parties who have access to such publicly available information will respect your privacy. please exercise caution when deciding to disclose personal information in these areas. to request removal of your personal information from our blog or community forum, contact us at: customerservice@thegreatcourses.com. in some cases, we may not be able to remove your personal information, in which case we will let you know if we are unable to do so and why. back 9. general audience website not directed toward children this website is a general audience website. our content is neither directed toward minors nor children who are under the age of 13. we do not knowingly collect personal information from children under the age of 13. if the great courses or our internet service providers become aware that a minor or a child under the age of 13 has provided us with personal information without the parental consent, that information will be deleted from our databases. parents who have questions about personal information that may have been submitted by a child under the age of 13 should email us at: customerservice@thegreatcourses.com. back 10. consent to privacy policy by using the website, you signify your agreement to the terms of this privacy policy. we may amend this privacy policy at any time. if we make a material change to the way in which we collect, use, and/or share your personal information, we will post a notice on the website and/or send an email to users who have provided an email address. please note that you should always update your personal information to provide us with a current email address. back 11. access to personal information and consent to transfer the first time that you provide us with registration information through our website, you may be offered the opportunity to subscribe to and receive additional information about our products and services. after your first use, you can make changes to your personal information and your initial choices by accessing your account or by contacting customer service e-mail at customerservice@thegreatcourses.com. the united states may not have data privacy laws that are deemed to afford an equal level of protection for your personal information as those laws legislated at the direction of the european union or similar geopolitical, national or regional legislative bodies. however, please be assured that the great courses will continue to adhere to the principles stated in this privacy policy and will make reasonable efforts to comply with applicable international, national, regional, territorial, and provincial laws in connection with any information collected through the website. the great courses will endeavor to preserve the integrity, confidentiality, and security of personal information and afford such personal information reasonable level of protection. for those website users located outside the united states, we advise you that your information may at times be accessible by individuals who are located worldwide including in countries that the european commission or other geopolitical regions have not been determined to provide the same level of data protection as in your country, province, territory or geopolitical region. by providing us with your personal information, you consent to our use of it in accordance with the great courses’ privacy policy, including the transfer of your information across international boundaries to jurisdictions anywhere in the world as permitted by local law. back 12. your california privacy rights other than as is stated by this privacy policy, the great courses will not share any personal information about you with outside third-parties for their direct marketing purposes to the extent prohibited by california law, unless you agree otherwise as authorized by your prior written consent. california residents have the right to request information from the great courses regarding the manner that we may share personal information with affiliated companies and third parties for their direct marketing purposes. to find out what and how we share such information, you may send us an e-mail request at: customerservice@thegreatcourses.com or mail a request to: privacy officer, the great courses 4840 westfields blvd. suite #500 chantilly, va 20151-2299, and receive the following information: a. the categories of information we disclosed to third parties for their direct marketing purposes during the preceding calendar year, if any; b. the names and addresses of the third parties who received information for their direct marketing purposes; and c. examples of the products and services subject to the third-parties’ direct marketing programs, if the nature of the third parties’ business cannot be determined from their names. back 13. questions about this privacy policy if you have any questions about this privacy policy or the privacy practices of this website, please contact us by email at customerservice@thegreatcourses.com. create account forgot your passwordback to login please enter your e-mail address associated with your great courses account. we will send you an email so you can reset your password. if you have problems, please contact us. email send email how to draw course no. 7770 professor david brody, professor of painting and drawing university of washington in seattle share this course course no. 7770 sale choose a format i video streaming included free add to cart add to wish list send as e-gift what will you learn? get introduced to the long history of drawing, starting with some lines scratched into a piece of ochre 80,000 years ago. learn how famous artists used practical systems to create convincing illusions of volume and three-dimensional space. discover how line creates shapes, both positive and negative, and how you can use simple shapes to draw complex objects. examine pictorial space and how this related to many movements in art, including impressionism, cubism, and abstraction. course overview lecture titles what's included your professor reviews questions & answers course overview drawing is one of humanity’s oldest forms of expression, with existing examples dating back an astonishing 80,000 years or more. older than written language by tens of thousands of years, drawing developed across millennia, forming the base of many of the world’s artistic traditions. like reading and writing, drawing is a fundamental life skill. once an integral part of a traditional education, knowledge of drawing deepens your understanding of the visual world that surrounds you and enhances your ability to interact meaningfully with it. in addition to the many pleasures of drawing, the ability to see as an artist sees brings a new dimension to self-expression and elevates your skill in countless other activities, from photography and design to the deeper appreciation of nature and art. professional artists in the west have traditionally studied drawing first, as a primary and foundational skill. and, as you’ll discover in how to draw, the art of drawing is eminently learnable. contrary to what many people think, the ability to draw both accurately and expressively does not depend on innate talent or a unique gift. think of it like this: anyone can learn to play a musical instrument, though not everyone can be mozart. similarly, though not everyone can be michelangelo or van gogh, anyone can learn the skills of drawing and develop the ability to draw what they see from observation and invent whole worlds from their imagination. in fact, you may be amazed at how well you can learn to draw, even if you believe you have no artistic talent. as this course demonstrates through clear examples, you can learn to apply the same fundamental principles that professional artists routinely use in their drawings. if you follow the professor’s guidance, by the end of the course you’ll understand how to faithfully represent what you see in front of you and in your mind’s eye. the 36 video lessons of how to draw offer you dynamic and comprehensive training in the art of drawing. your teacher, david brody, professor of painting and drawing at of the university of washington, brings more than forty years of study, studio work, and dedicated teaching to this course, demonstrating an inspiring teaching style and limitless insight into the learning process. this brilliantly designed course takes you step by step through all of the key elements that, taken together, form the art of drawing. through professor brody’s presentation and your own studio practice, you’ll study the core principles of drawing, such as line, proportion, composition, value, light and shadow, texture, color, and figure drawing. you’ll also study many of the groundbreaking renaissance methods used for realistically depicting illusionistic space on a two dimensional surface, including empirical and linear perspective. in the later lectures, you’ll explore the ways in which renaissance spatial constructs evolved to include a broader understanding of pictorial space. you will study the essential connection between figuration and abstraction, and the ways in which this opened new possibilities for art that melded abstraction and representation. throughout the course, you’ll take lessons and inspiration from dozens of master drawings from history’s greatest draftsmen— artists like albrecht dürer, leonardo da vinci, rembrandt, van gogh, thomas eakins, and contemporary masters such as richard diebenkorn and norman lundin. the result is a richly enjoyable and effective system for learning this remarkable art. you can use the course material in many ways. how to draw is a rich and deep resource, offering a wide spectrum of lessons that make the skills of drawing directly accessible. learn the language of drawing start by tracing the fascinating history of drawing, and begin to experiment with the artist’s materials you’ll use throughout the course. from there, you’ll study the underlying “grammar” of drawing, and make drawings that explore elements such as: line: learn to use contour and construction line to draw objects and cross-contour line to create volume. shape: draw individual objects by constructing them from basic geometric shapes, and discover the elements of positive, negative, and aggregate shape. composition: study how to organize the parts of a drawing to create a unified whole within a specific rectangle, using techniques of compositional balance, spatial organization, and the use of focal areas and focal points. proportion: use the velo of alberti, a gridded renaissance device that allows you to understand how three-dimensional form can be accurately depicted on a flat surface, and learn to control proportion by using a standard unit of measure, level and plumb lines, and quantify difficult angles using the clock hand approach. illusionistic space: study in detail how to create flatness, volume, and space, using such tools as receding diagonals and foreshortened shapes, the relative scale of objects, and atmospheric perspective. with each new step in the process, you’ll apply your knowledge in drawing projects, which encompass individual objects, still lifes, interiors, and self-portraits. master the principles of linear perspective the renaissance discovery of linear perspective radically changed the way future generations would draw, allowing artists to depict three-dimensional space with astonishing accuracy. in the course, you’ll devote five lectures and numerous drawing projects to a study of this powerful drawing tool. investigate one-point perspective, and how diagonal lines recede to a “vanishing point” on the horizon, a principle that allows you to create three-dimensional form in space. learn to draw perspectival grids—used for measuring depth of space in a drawing—and geometric patterns in perspective. continue with the principles governing inclined planes, the principles of two-point perspective (which depicts planes angled differently from in one-point perspective), and the principles of three-point perspective (which describes what we see when we look up or down). combine your knowledge of illusionistic space and perspective to draw architectural landscapes, buildings, and room interiors. explore the uses of value, texture, and color discover further elements that add depth and dimension to your art. as you go through the course, you’ll build your vocabulary of drawing terms and learn to apply a wide array of new techniques. investigate the rich possibilities of visual texturein drawing. practice textural techniques such as hatching, create your own textural marks, and learn to simulate the textures of objects. study color theory, the spectrum of colors on the color wheel, and how colors function in nature. choose palettes of colors for your drawings, and learn to use color to create mood, emotion, visual hierarchy, space, and light. learn how to use value (the relative lightness or darkness of tones) in creating mood, volume, and as a compositional tool in directing the viewer’s attention. develop the ability to portray light,both natural and artificial, and shadow; learn to draw cast shadows, both outdoors and within interiors. you’ll also get in-depth instruction on how to draw realistic human figures. study a canon of human proportions, and draw the figure by building it using measure and component geometric shapes. delve into the underlying structure of the body, learning about human anatomy like leonardo and michelangelo: study the skeleton and muscles, their functions, and how to create naturalistic volume in figure drawing. do a range of figure-drawing projects, including self-portraits, figures in perspective, and figures in narrative contexts. professor brody’s presentation shows you that in order to portray the visual world naturalistically, you must learn to see analytically and abstractly, as artists see. among many things, this means learning to understand the underlying architecture of form and developing the ability to visualize the whole before the details. forge a vision for your own work in the course’s final section, professor brody guides you in applying what you’ve learned to discover your own personal creative vision. here, you’ll encounter concepts and do advanced drawing projects aimed at developing individual source material and subject matter for your own drawings, and you’ll form a clearer idea of the kind of art you want to make. throughout the course, professor brody illustrates the subject matter with vivid animations, live demonstrations of key principles, and drawings by both celebrated masters and students whose work exemplifies and clarifies the learning process. in addition to the video lectures themselves, professor brody has crafted many exercises for you to practice your newly acquired skills. these 36 in-depth lessons help you build a complete and integrated set of drawing skills in a step-by-step, clear, and detailed manner. how to draw is your opportunity to understand and master the skills, concepts, and art of drawing, an ability with rewards you will treasure for a lifetime. hide full description 36 lectures | 30 minutes each year released: 2015 1 an introduction to drawing begin by considering the remarkable history of drawing, a history that has produced knowledge, methodology, and techniques that are readily learnable. assess common misconceptions about talent and genius; discover how learning to see analytically and abstractly helps us draw; and try your first drawing exercise, retracing what our ancestors drew 80,000 years ago. x 2 drawing materials for line here, investigate drawing materials you’ll use throughout the course. learn about artists’ graphite pencils, charcoal, brush and ink, and drafting and measuring tools. then learn how to set up your work area, and how to place both yourself and your subject vis-a-vis your drawing board or easel. x 3 drawing fundamentals and first exercises explore essential first drawing exercises and learn how you will apply the skills developed here to much more complex subjects. grasp how the curriculum—spanning the many pieces making up the “grammar” of drawing, such as composition, proportion, perspective, value, texture, and color—fits together, providing you with the knowledge and ability to explore your own creative vision. x 4 line and shape: line and aggregate shape learn about contour line, which describes the outer edges of objects, and construction line, which helps you build the objects you draw. discover how to draw individual objects by constructing them from basic geometric shapes. also learn about aggregate shape, which unites a drawing’s disparate individual elements. x 5 line and shape: volume and figure-ground now investigate cross-contour line (which can transform flat shape into a volumetric solid), oblique or foreshortened shapes, and their relation to geometric solids—principles that allow you to make objects appear three-dimensional. also grasp the relation of figure to ground within a drawing, and practice drawing three-dimensional still lifes. x 6 line and shape: positive and negative shape this lecture explores the vital concept of negative shape, the shapes existing between the positive shapes representing the objects on the page. study how artists conceive of negative shape and use it in constructing their compositions. in still life exercises, practice intentionally drawing both “positive” object shapes and the “negative” shapes between them. x 7 composition: the format and its armature in approaching composition, study the underlying structure of rectangles, the fundamental shape of most drawings. learn how the character of any rectangle is defined by the relationship of its verticality to its horizontality, and how this relationship affects our perception. observe how simple diagonals within a rectangle offer numerous possibilities for visual interpretation. x 8 composition: how artists compose study how artists think structurally in building a drawing, tying the drawing’s content to the geometric underpinnings of a given rectangular shape. learn about focal areas, focal points, and compositional balance, and how this kind of structural understanding serves to unite the parts of a drawing, creating a unified whole. x 9 line and shape: line attributes and gesture take a deeper look at the types and qualities of line, and consider how these attributes affect line’s expressive potential. study and practice nine key attributes of line, from value and width to continuity, shape, and texture. then explore gestural line—line that swiftly captures the character of a subject. x 10 composition: shape and advanced strategies investigate visual strategies artists use in composing drawings. grasp how shapes communicate, and how the factors of contrast and repetition affect how a viewer reads a drawing. learn about visual “rhyming” (shapes and directions that get repeated rhythmically), spatial organization (foreground, mid-ground, background), and the narrative possibilities of composition. x 11 proportion: alberti’s velo now begin a study of proportion and measurement in drawing. learn about a key discovery of 15th century european art, the velo, a gridded device that allows you to create a convincing depiction of a figure, landscape, or other subject. use your own velo, and draw a proportioned, foreshortened view of an interior. x 12 proportion: accurate proportion and measure study key tools artists use to arrive at correct proportions. in particular, learn how to use an analog clock face as a way to quantify angles, how to use a standard unit of measure to measure across the picture plane, and how to use level and plumb lines. then put these elements together in practice. x 13 creating volume and illusionistic space look broadly at how artists create flatness, volume, and space on two-dimensional surfaces. in doing so, study 12 factors that affect how we perceive depth of space, encompassing principles such as overlap, the relative scale of objects, the use of diagonals and foreshortened shapes, atmospheric perspective, and how distance affects color. x 14 six complex drawing projects apply your knowledge and skills to a number of intriguing and complex drawing conundrums. among a range of projects, create a still life of boxes, translate a complex figure painting into a line drawing, and draw a carefully composed self-portrait. also consider common pitfalls—and their solutions—in drawing naturalistically. x 15 linear perspective: introduction linear perspective, a renaissance discovery that radically changed art, is another core tool for controlling proportion and creating a life-like drawing. learn about one-point perspective, how diagonal lines recede to a vanishing point, and how to use this principle to create convincing form in space. x 16 linear perspective: the quad combine your knowledge of illusionistic space and linear perspective in drawing an architectural landscape of two buildings on a ground plane. construct the buildings and the space between them using the principles of one-point perspective. then draw through the buildings, creating interior floors, windows, doors, and furniture. x 17 linear perspective: the gridded room learn how to draw a perspectival grid, and look at ways artists use grids to measure the depth of space in a drawing. then, draw a complete gridded room, beginning with the floor plane. add gridded walls and a ceiling, controlling proportions in spatial recession. finally, add interior objects of specific measure in specific locations. x 18 linear perspective: ellipses and pattern apply the principles you’ve learned to draw curvilinear volumetric forms, such as a cylinder, cone, and sphere in perspective. also investigate the drawing of geometric patterns in perspective. then begin a complex drawing from your imagination, using one-point perspective to construct a believable and measurable interior space. x 19 linear perspective: advanced topics complete drawing a believable, proportioned environment from your imagination. next, study two-point perspective, used to accurately draw planes that are angled to the picture plane. finally, discover how to draw sloping or inclined planes, and learn about three-point perspective, which depicts what we see when we tilt our heads, looking up or down. x 20 value: how artists use value in approaching value (the relative lightness or darkness of tones), grasp how the tonal palette of a drawing governs mood and the viewer’s emotional response. learn how we can conceive of the range of values from white to black as a scale. study how artists use value as both a spatial and a compositional tool, and investigate the passage of light and shadow over form as occurring in nine steps. x 21 value: drawing materials for value for drawing with value, take a deeper look at the types and qualities of the materials you’ll use. investigate the uses of graphite, charcoal, blending and spreading tools, ink, and the use of fixative. study the many types and grades of drawing papers, and see how different materials interact with different papers. x 22 value: black and white and a value scale discover how artists use value. with brush and ink, learn to make both white and black shapes and create a still life using only these two values. then, draw a nine-step value scale, comprising nine distinct tones ranging from white to black. x 23 value: eight complex drawing projects put your knowledge of value into practice, beginning with still lifes of white objects on white backgrounds drawn in a broad palette of light to dark. learn to see a color’s value as distinct from its hue and saturation. realize a range of value-based projects, from drawings combining interior and outdoor spaces to portraits, full-figure drawings, and drawings translating color to value. x 24 value: side light and cast shadow learn how artists draw cast shadows from their imaginations. start with shadows thrown by blocks and curvilinear solids, in one- and two-point perspective. consider the expressive value of shadows, and progress to compound surfaces receiving shadows. finally, learn to draw cast shadows of inclined planes. x 25 value: oblique light and cast shadow to complete your study of cast shadows, learn to draw shadows produced by oblique light coming from both the front and rear of objects. then investigate artificial light as it affects shadows projected by objects within interiors. practice these principles by drawing a complex interior and an invented still life from your imagination. x 26 texture: mark making and optical value investigate the use of mark making, such as hatching and other related techniques, as a means of creating visual texture and tonal value. experiment with hatching and how to use it compositionally. practice inventing your own marks, explore the huge range of possibilities, and apply them in your drawings. x 27 texture: how artists use texture take a comprehensive look at texture, beginning with five master drawings that exhibit contrasting textural personalities and moods. study the primary factors that affect texture, from the drawing surface to the material’s application method and modification through blending, smudging, or erasing. learn to draw simulated textures such as wood grain and reflective metallic surfaces. x 28 color: color theory and color and light delve into color theory, beginning with the organization of primary and secondary colors on the color wheel. learn about analogous and complementary colors, as well as the attributes of hue, value, and saturation. investigate how color functions in nature, and discover how our perception of color is influenced by light and reflected color in the environment. x 29 color: how artists use color observe how an artist’s color palette (group of chosen colors) affects light, mood, and emotion, by studying palettes used through the centuries by major artists. learn about flat color, open color, and color gradation in art. grasp vital principles regarding how artists use color compositionally to direct the viewer’s attention. x 30 color: color drawing projects choose palettes of pastels for your own drawings. do a series of projects, using a specific color palette to create mood, a visual hierarchy, and the illusion of space, volume, and light. explore how a seemingly white wall is not white at all, but actually a range of colors. this is because an object’s nominal color mixes with the color of the light source and the reflected color of other objects in the environment. x 31 the figure: a canon of proportions learn to draw the human figure using a set of measures, or a canon of proportions, and simple geometric shapes. in doing so, make a study of human proportions in three views, using the height of the head to measure relative proportions of the body. take account of how artists have viewed human proportions, body posture, and differences between male and female figures. x 32 the figure: the head, hands, and feet complete drawing anterior, lateral, and posterior views of the human figure. then, turn the flat shapes used to construct the figure into volume, to get a more naturalistic and three-dimensional figure. study methods for proportionately drawing the head and conquering the complexity of the hands and the feet. x 33 the figure: artistic anatomy like leonardo, michelangelo, and countless others, study human anatomy, and learn its value for drawing the figure. study the human skeleton, with particular focus on visible skeletal landmarks seen on the surface. investigate the principal muscle groups and their functions, and draw both skeleton and muscles into your figure drawings. x 34 the figure: drawing projects finish exploring human anatomy, covering the muscles of the lower body and limbs. then bring your knowledge to a spectrum of drawing projects, beginning with a full-length self-portrait in three views. draw variations such as figures in one- and two-point perspective, a figure within an invented room, and figures in narrative settings. x 35 advanced concepts: pictorial space consider how, from pre-history through the renaissance to the contemporary era, artists have approached the depiction of the three-dimensional world on a two-dimensional flat surface. observe how recent artists have taken liberties with renaissance principles of illusionistic space and set them to contradict one another, creating a whole range of new possibilities for art spanning both the highly abstract and highly representational. x 36 advanced drawing projects conclude with challenging projects that weave together observation and imagination, as well as abstraction and representation. explore how to develop subject matter and source material for your drawings. locate areas of personal interest, themes, and ideas to identify the kind of art you want to make and cultivate your own artistic vision. x lecture titles clone content from your professor tab what's included what does each format include? video download includes: ability to download 36 video lectures from your digital library downloadable pdf of the course guidebook free video streaming of the course from our website and mobile apps dvd includes: 36 lectures on 6 dvds 220-page printed course guidebook downloadable pdf of the course guidebook free video streaming of the course from our website and mobile apps closed captioning available what does the course guidebook include? course guidebook details: 220-page printed course guidebook photos & illustrations suggested readings additional activities enjoy this course on-the-go with our mobile apps!* iphone + ipad android devices kindle fire tablet + firephone *courses can be streamed from anywhere you have an internet connection. standard carrier data rates may apply in areas that do not have wifi connections pursuant to your carrier contract. your professor about your professor david brody, professor of painting and drawing university of washington in seattle professor david brody has been a professor of painting and drawing at the university of washington in seattle since 1996. he did undergraduate work at columbia university and bennington college and received his graduate degree in painting from yale university in 1983. professor brody has lectured or been a visiting critic at carnegie mellon university, the massachusetts institute of technology, the university of chicago,... learn more about this professor also by this professor (set) how to draw & how to look at and understand great art (set) how to draw & fundamentals of photography (set) how to draw & the world’s greatest paintings (set) how to draw & leonardo da vinci and the italian high renaissance (set) how to draw & how colors affect you reviews questions & answers customers who bought this course also bought sale fundamentals of photography ii joel sartore save up to $190.00 starting at $69.95 $79.95 $69.95–$79.95 sale essentials of tai chi and qigong david-dorian ross save up to $190.00 starting at $69.95 $79.95 $69.95–$79.95 sale cognitive behavioral therapy: techniques for retraining your brain jason m. satterfield save up to $190.00 starting at $44.95 $79.95 $44.95–$79.95 sale how to play chess: lessons from an international master jeremy silman save up to $190.00 starting at $69.95 $79.95 $69.95–$79.95 sale practicing mindfulness: an introduction to meditation mark w. muesse save up to $185.00 starting at $34.95 $69.95 $34.95–$69.95 sale the everyday gourmet: rediscovering the lost art of cooking bill briwa save up to $190.00 starting at $69.95 $79.95 $69.95–$79.95 sale national geographic masters of photography taught by multiple professors save up to $190.00 starting at $69.95 $79.95 $69.95–$79.95 sale the science of mindfulness: a research-based path to well-being ronald d. siegel save up to $190.00 starting at $44.95 $79.95 $44.95–$79.95 sale changing body composition through diet and exercise michael ormsbee save up to $190.00 starting at $69.95 $79.95 $69.95–$79.95 sale how to stay fit as you age kimberlee bethany bonura save up to $160.00 starting at $24.95 $59.95 $24.95–$59.95 sale the everyday gourmet: the joy of mediterranean cooking bill briwa save up to $155.00 starting at $54.95 $64.95 $54.95–$64.95 sale the science of natural healing mimi guarneri save up to $185.00 starting at $34.95 $69.95 $34.95–$69.95 sale medical school for everyone: emergency medicine roy benaroch save up to $190.00 starting at $44.95 $79.95 $44.95–$79.95 sale yoga for a healthy mind and body heidi sormaz save up to $155.00 starting at $39.95 $44.95 $39.95–$44.95 sale medical school for everyone: grand rounds cases roy benaroch save up to $190.00 starting at $44.95 $79.95 $44.95–$79.95 sale optimizing brain fitness richard restak save up to $160.00 starting at $34.95 $39.95 $34.95–$39.95 sale mastering tai chi david-dorian ross save up to $190.00 starting at $69.95 $79.95 $69.95–$79.95 sale how to grow anything: food gardening for everyone melinda myers save up to $155.00 starting at $39.95 $44.95 $39.95–$44.95 sale learning spanish: how to understand and speak a new language bill worden save up to $270.00 starting at $99.95 $114.95 $99.95–$114.95 sale wonders of the national parks: a geology of north america ford cochran save up to $270.00 starting at $99.95 $114.95 $99.95–$114.95 sale building a better vocabulary kevin flanigan save up to $270.00 starting at $64.95 $114.95 $64.95–$114.95 sale mind-body medicine: the new science of optimal health jason m. satterfield save up to $275.00 starting at $49.95 $99.95 $49.95–$99.95 sale understanding investments connel fullenkamp save up to $185.00 starting at $34.95 $69.95 $34.95–$69.95 sale the art of travel photography: six expert lessons joel sartore save up to $75.00 starting at $21.95 $24.95 $21.95–$24.95 sale great tours: greece and turkey, from athens to istanbul john r. hale save up to $185.00 starting at $59.95 $69.95 $59.95–$69.95 sale scientific secrets for a powerful memory peter m. vishton save up to $70.00 starting at $19.95 $29.95 $19.95–$29.95 sale the everyday gourmet: essential secrets of spices in cooking bill briwa save up to $70.00 starting at $27.95 $29.95 $27.95–$29.95 sale the aging brain thad polk save up to $155.00 starting at $24.95 $44.95 $24.95–$44.95 sale everyday engineering: understanding the marvels of daily life stephen ressler save up to $270.00 starting at $99.95 $114.95 $99.95–$114.95 sale how to publish your book jane friedman save up to $190.00 starting at $44.95 $79.95 $44.95–$79.95 buy together as a set and save up to $15.00 how colors affect you: what science revealshow to draw choose a set format video download$113.90dvd$129.90 add to cart play video course categories science mathematics history fine arts music religion philosophy & intellectual history literature & language economics & finance better living professional high school more... best sellers professor chat podcasts gift certificates about us careers events affiliates help 1-800-832-2412 customer service exchanges and returns faqs contact us lifetime guarantee explore our apps take your great courses with you anywhere © the teaching company, llc. all rights reserved. site map terms & conditions privacy policy connect with us: connect: to top please verify account to continue email address: password: