来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20181227223206/https://www.thegreatcourses.com/gift-card.html
================================================================================

gift certificate skip to main content this experience is optimized for internet explorer version 10 and above. please upgrade your browser send the gift of lifelong learning! gift certificate taught by multiple professors gifting information faq x frequently asked questions with an egift, you can instantly send a great course to a friend or loved one via email. it's simple: find the course you would like to egift. under “choose a format,” click on video download or audio download. click ‘send e-gift’ fill out the details on the next page. you will need the email address of your friend or family member. proceed with the checkout process as usual. once you have paid for your order, your friend or loved one will receive an email letting them know that they have a gift waiting for them at thegreatcourses.com. that gift will be added to their my digital library when they log in and click to redeem it. why do i need to specify the email of the recipient? we will send that person an email to notify them of your gift. if they are already a customer, they will be able to add the gift to their my digital library and mobile apps. if they are not yet a customer, we will help them set up a new account so they can enjoy their course in their my digital library or via our free mobile apps. how will my friend or family member know they have a gift? they will receive an email from the great courses notifying them of your egift. the email will direct them to thegreatcourses.com. what if my friend or family member does not receive the email? if the email notification is missing, first check their spam folder. depending on your email provider, it may have mistakenly been flagged as spam. if it is not found, please email customer service at (customerservice@thegreatcourses.com) or call 1-800-832-2412 for assistance. how will i know they have received my egift? when the recipient clicks on their email and redeems their egift, you will automatically receive an email notification. i don’t want to send downloads. how do i gift dvds or cds? egifting only covers digital products. to purchase a dvd or cd version of a course and mail it to a friend, please call customer service at 1-800-832-2412 for assistance. oops! the recipient already owns the course i gifted. what now? great minds think alike! we can exchange the egifted course for another course of equal value. please call customer service at 1-800-832-2412 for assistance. can i select a date in the future to send my egift? sorry, this feature is not available yet. we are working on adding it in the future. what if the email associated with egift is not for my regular great course account? please email customer service at (customerservice@thegreatcourses.com) or call our customer service team at 1-800-832-2412 for assistance. they have the ability to update the email address. when purchasing a gift for someone, why do i have to create an account? this is done for two reasons. one is so you can track the purchase of the order in your ‘order history’ section as well as being able to let our customer service team track your purchase and the person who received it if the need arises. can i return or exchange a gift after i purchase it? because the gift is sent immediately, it cannot be returned or exchanged by the person giving the gift. the recipient can exchange the gift for another course of equal or lesser value, or pay the difference on a more expensive item faq to send your gift, please complete the form below. an email will be sent immediately to notify the recipient of your gift and provide them with instructions to redeem it. recipient name recipient email confirm email message 500 characters remaining. checkout now cancel frequently asked questions with an egift, you can instantly send a great course to a friend or loved one via email. it's simple: 1. find the course you would like to egift. 2. under "choose a format", click on video download or audio download. 3. click 'send e-gift' 4. fill out the details on the next page. you will need to the email address of your friend or family member. 5. proceed with the checkout process as usual. q: why do i need to specify the email of the recipient? a: we will send that person an email to notify them of your gift. if they are already a customer, they will be able to add the gift to their my digital library and mobile apps. if they are not yet a customer, we will help them set up a new account so they can enjoy their course in their my digital library or via our free mobile apps. q: how will my friend or family member know they have a gift? a: they will receive an email from the great courses notifying them of your egift. the email will direct them to thegreatcourses.com. if they are already a customer, they will be able to add the gift to their my digital library and mobile apps. if they are not yet a customer, we will help them set up a new account so they can enjoy their course in their my digital library or via our free mobile apps. q: what if my friend or family member does not receive the email? a: if the email notification is missing, first check your spam folder. depending on your email provider, it may have mistakenly been flagged as spam. if it is not found, please email customer service at (customerservice@thegreatcourses.com) or call 1-800-832-2412 for assistance. q: how will i know they have received my egift? a: when the recipient clicks on their email and redeems their egift, you will automatically receive an email notification. q: what if i do not receive the notification that the egift has been redeemed? a: if the email notification is missing, first check your spam folder. depending on your email provider, it may have mistakenly been flagged as spam. if it is not found, please email customer service at (customerservice@thegreatcourses.com) or call customer service at 1-800-832-2412 for assistance. q: i don't want to send downloads. how do i gift dvds or cds? a: egifting only covers digital products. to purchase a dvd or cd version of a course and mail it to a friend, please call customer service at 1-800-832-2412 for assistance. q: oops! the recipient already owns the course i gifted. what now? a: great minds think alike! we can exchange the egifted course for another course of equal value. please call customer service at 1-800-832-2412 for assistance. q: can i update or change my email address? a: yes, you can. go to my account to change your email address. q: can i select a date in the future to send my egift? a: sorry, this feature is not available yet. we are working on adding it in the future. q: what if the email associated with egift is not for my regular great course account? a: please please email customer service at (customerservice@thegreatcourses.com) or call our customer service team at 1-800-832-2412 for assistance. they have the ability to update the email address so you can put in your correct account. q: when purchasing a gift for someone, why do i have to create an account? a: this is done for two reasons. one is so you can track the purchase of the order in your ‘order history’ section as well as being able to let our customer service team track your purchase and the person who received it if the need arises. q: can i return or exchange a gift after i purchase it? a: because the gift is sent immediately, it cannot be returned or exchanged by the person giving the gift. the recipient can exchange the gift for another course of equal or lesser value, or pay the difference on a more expensive item ? 0 search site: search main menu sign in home courses categories better living economics & finance fine arts high school history literature & language mathematics music philosophy & intellectual history professional religion science formats audio video all on sale about us our approach our heritage our professors our customers our guarantee our team our career opportunities 25th anniversary in the news podcast events gift cards customer service & help contact us shopping ordering & shipping returns & exchanges lifetime guarantee my account downloads streaming browser-related questions copyright information privacy policy terms & conditions faqs my account my digital library sign up for exclusive offers have a priority code? x what are priority codes? priority codes are on the back of the catalog, mail promotion, or within an advertisement. to ensure that the pricing on the website is the same as what is in your catalog or advertisement, please enter the priority code provided. existing customer sign in sign in to access your account information and digital media email address password forgot password? remember me sign in i am a new customer create an account password assistance please enter your e-mail address associated with your great courses account. we will send you an email so you can reset your password. if you continue to have problems, please contact us. email address send email create your account email address create password please enter a password that is between 5 and 20 characters long. confirm password i accept the terms and conditions and privacy policy. create account enter your email address cancel submit look for exclusive offer emails and new course releases from the great courses! please visit my account to manage email preferences. priority code enter priority code cancel apply apply a new code? javascript seems to be disabled in your browser. you must have javascript enabled in your browser to utilize the functionality of this website. the great courses the great courses 1-800-832-2412 about us x what are priority codes? priority codes are on the back of the catalog, mail promotion, or within an advertisement. to ensure that the pricing on the website is the same as what is in your catalog or advertisement, please enter the priority code provided. have a priority code? priority code: applied. apply new code? x priority code please enter a valid code apply search site: search courses categories a-z better living (171) food & wine health, fitness, & nutrition hobby & leisure personal development travel parenting crafts & woodworking economics & finance (27) finance economics fine arts (30) art history studio art high school (39) history math science study skills critical thinking skills reading & writing history (222) american history ancient history – classical ancient history – world civilization & culture medieval history modern history – europe modern history – world renaissance & early modern history military history literature & language (105) ancient literature & mythology american literature british literature linguistics world literature writing genre literary surveys mathematics (46) applied mathematics history of mathematics mathematical theory music (36) classical music modern music musical theory philosophy & intellectual history (118) ancient philosophy intellectual history medieval philosophy modern philosophy professional (69) business communication skills education leadership skills thinking skills religion (80) biblical studies christianity comparative eastern & world religions judaism medieval philosophy science (183) astronomy & space science biology earth sciences engineering & technology history & philosophy of science medicine neuroscience & psychology physics & chemistry social sciences other view all courses top rated new releases courses on sale sign in cart 0 your cart is empty wish list 0 your wish list is empty my digital library special sale 70% off existing customer sign in email password forgot password? remember me sign in i am a new customer create an account create your accountalready have an account? email *first name *last name password please enter a password that is between 5 and 20 characters long. confirm i accept the terms and conditions and privacy policy create account forgot your passwordback to login please enter your e-mail address associated with your great courses account. we will send you an email so you can reset your password. if you have problems, please contact us. email send email gift certificate how would you like your gift delivered? by email by postal mail note: you can only purchase one (1) gift certificate per checkout order how much would you like to give? *amount choose an amount... $25.00 $50.00 $75.00 $100.00 $150.00 $200.00 $250.00 $300.00 $500.00 recipient email recipient name your name your email message 500 characters remaining. the certificate will be electronically delivered to the recipient as soon as you complete your purchase. checkout now note: you can only purchase one (1) gift certificate per checkout order how much would you like to give? *amount choose an amount... $1.00 $25.00 $50.00 $75.00 $100.00 $150.00 $200.00 $250.00 $300.00 $500.00 recipient name your name message 500 characters remaining. you'll enter the recipient's address during checkout. checkout now gift certificate faqs great courses gift certificates are the ideal way to give the gift of lifelong learning—opening up new worlds of learning for your friends and loved ones. buying gift certificates: q: how do i purchase a gift certificate? a: gift certificates can be purchased online from this page or by calling one of our friendly and attentive customer service representatives at 1-800-832-2412. q: what denominations are gift certificates available in? a: gift certificates are available from our website in the following convenient amounts: $25, $50, $75, $100, $150, $200, $250, $300, and $500. if you prefer a different amount, simply call our customer service department at 1-800-832-2412. q: how are gift certificates delivered? a: gift certificates can be sent directly to the recipient via email or via u.s. mail. alternatively, we can arrange for you to receive the gift certificate if you prefer to deliver it yourself. q: once purchased, how quickly will the gift certificate arrive? a: email gift certificates will arrive within one hour after completing your order. gift certificates sent via u.s. mail will arrive in 7-10 days depending on your location. q: may i use a coupon or priority code to purchase a gift certificate at a discount? a: gift certificates are not eligible for discounts. redeeming gift certificates: q: how do i redeem a gift certificate? a: each great courses gift certificate comes with a unique code. this code can be entered during the checkout process on our website, given to a customer representative when ordering over the phone, or written into the order form in our catalogs. q: what if i do not use the full amount of my gift certificate? a: the remaining balance of your gift certificate will remain in your customer account as a credit for use on your next order. you may continue using your unique gift certificate code. q: does my great courses gift certificate have an expiration date? a: great courses gift certificates do not have expiration dates. use them whenever you want to learn something new. q: can i use a coupon code or priority code when i redeem my gift certificate.? a: yes. gift certificates may be used with special offers and coupons. the gift certificate will be applied to the final order total, including shipping, taxes, and any discounts from coupons or sales. q: how do i find out my gift certificate balance? a: our customer service department will be happy to look up your gift certificate balance. simply call 1-800-832-2412. course categories better living economics & finance fine arts high school history literature & language mathematics music philosophy & intellectual history professional religion science more... best sellers professor chat podcasts gift certificates about us careers apps the great courses daily help 1-800-832-2412 customer service exchanges and returns faqs contact us lifetime guarantee accessibility sign up for exclusive offers! submit thank you! for entering your email address. this email already exists. please visit my account to manage email preferences. © the teaching company, llc. all rights reserved. site map terms & conditions privacy policy connect with us: connect: to top x video title please verify account to continue email address: password: