来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20181227223206/https://www.thegreatcourses.com/courses/learning-to-play-guitar-chords-scales-and-solos.html?pfm=BestSellers&pos=2
================================================================================

learning to play guitar: chords, scales, and solos skip to main content x this experience is optimized for internet explorer version 10 and above. please upgrade your browser send the gift of lifelong learning! learning to play guitar: chords, scales, and solos professor colin mcallister, d.m.a. university of colorado, colorado springs gifting information faq x frequently asked questions with an egift, you can instantly send a great course to a friend or loved one via email. it's simple: find the course you would like to egift. under “choose a format,” click on video download or audio download. click ‘send e-gift’ fill out the details on the next page. you will need the email address of your friend or family member. proceed with the checkout process as usual. once you have paid for your order, your friend or loved one will receive an email letting them know that they have a gift waiting for them at thegreatcourses.com. that gift will be added to their my digital library when they log in and click to redeem it. why do i need to specify the email of the recipient? we will send that person an email to notify them of your gift. if they are already a customer, they will be able to add the gift to their my digital library and mobile apps. if they are not yet a customer, we will help them set up a new account so they can enjoy their course in their my digital library or via our free mobile apps. how will my friend or family member know they have a gift? they will receive an email from the great courses notifying them of your egift. the email will direct them to thegreatcourses.com. what if my friend or family member does not receive the email? if the email notification is missing, first check their spam folder. depending on your email provider, it may have mistakenly been flagged as spam. if it is not found, please email customer service at (customerservice@thegreatcourses.com) or call 1-800-832-2412 for assistance. how will i know they have received my egift? when the recipient clicks on their email and redeems their egift, you will automatically receive an email notification. i don’t want to send downloads. how do i gift dvds or cds? egifting only covers digital products. to purchase a dvd or cd version of a course and mail it to a friend, please call customer service at 1-800-832-2412 for assistance. oops! the recipient already owns the course i gifted. what now? great minds think alike! we can exchange the egifted course for another course of equal value. please call customer service at 1-800-832-2412 for assistance. can i select a date in the future to send my egift? sorry, this feature is not available yet. we are working on adding it in the future. what if the email associated with egift is not for my regular great course account? please email customer service at (customerservice@thegreatcourses.com) or call our customer service team at 1-800-832-2412 for assistance. they have the ability to update the email address. when purchasing a gift for someone, why do i have to create an account? this is done for two reasons. one is so you can track the purchase of the order in your ‘order history’ section as well as being able to let our customer service team track your purchase and the person who received it if the need arises. can i return or exchange a gift after i purchase it? because the gift is sent immediately, it cannot be returned or exchanged by the person giving the gift. the recipient can exchange the gift for another course of equal or lesser value, or pay the difference on a more expensive item faq to send your gift, please complete the form below. an email will be sent immediately to notify the recipient of your gift and provide them with instructions to redeem it. recipient name recipient email confirm email message 500 characters remaining. checkout now cancel frequently asked questions with an egift, you can instantly send a great course to a friend or loved one via email. it's simple: 1. find the course you would like to egift. 2. under "choose a format", click on video download or audio download. 3. click 'send e-gift' 4. fill out the details on the next page. you will need to the email address of your friend or family member. 5. proceed with the checkout process as usual. q: why do i need to specify the email of the recipient? a: we will send that person an email to notify them of your gift. if they are already a customer, they will be able to add the gift to their my digital library and mobile apps. if they are not yet a customer, we will help them set up a new account so they can enjoy their course in their my digital library or via our free mobile apps. q: how will my friend or family member know they have a gift? a: they will receive an email from the great courses notifying them of your egift. the email will direct them to thegreatcourses.com. if they are already a customer, they will be able to add the gift to their my digital library and mobile apps. if they are not yet a customer, we will help them set up a new account so they can enjoy their course in their my digital library or via our free mobile apps. q: what if my friend or family member does not receive the email? a: if the email notification is missing, first check your spam folder. depending on your email provider, it may have mistakenly been flagged as spam. if it is not found, please email customer service at (customerservice@thegreatcourses.com) or call 1-800-832-2412 for assistance. q: how will i know they have received my egift? a: when the recipient clicks on their email and redeems their egift, you will automatically receive an email notification. q: what if i do not receive the notification that the egift has been redeemed? a: if the email notification is missing, first check your spam folder. depending on your email provider, it may have mistakenly been flagged as spam. if it is not found, please email customer service at (customerservice@thegreatcourses.com) or call customer service at 1-800-832-2412 for assistance. q: i don't want to send downloads. how do i gift dvds or cds? a: egifting only covers digital products. to purchase a dvd or cd version of a course and mail it to a friend, please call customer service at 1-800-832-2412 for assistance. q: oops! the recipient already owns the course i gifted. what now? a: great minds think alike! we can exchange the egifted course for another course of equal value. please call customer service at 1-800-832-2412 for assistance. q: can i update or change my email address? a: yes, you can. go to my account to change your email address. q: can i select a date in the future to send my egift? a: sorry, this feature is not available yet. we are working on adding it in the future. q: what if the email associated with egift is not for my regular great course account? a: please please email customer service at (customerservice@thegreatcourses.com) or call our customer service team at 1-800-832-2412 for assistance. they have the ability to update the email address so you can put in your correct account. q: when purchasing a gift for someone, why do i have to create an account? a: this is done for two reasons. one is so you can track the purchase of the order in your ‘order history’ section as well as being able to let our customer service team track your purchase and the person who received it if the need arises. q: can i return or exchange a gift after i purchase it? a: because the gift is sent immediately, it cannot be returned or exchanged by the person giving the gift. the recipient can exchange the gift for another course of equal or lesser value, or pay the difference on a more expensive item ? 0 search site: search main menu sign in home courses categories better living economics & finance fine arts high school history literature & language mathematics music philosophy & intellectual history professional religion science formats audio video all on sale about us our heritage our professors our customers our guarantee our team careers in the news podcast events gift cards customer service & help contact us shopping ordering & shipping returns & exchanges lifetime guarantee my account downloads streaming browser-related questions copyright information privacy policy terms & conditions faqs my account my digital library sign up for exclusive offers have a priority code? x what are priority codes? priority codes are on the back of the catalog, mail promotion, or within an advertisement. to ensure that the pricing on the website is the same as what is in your catalog or advertisement, please enter the priority code provided. existing customer sign in sign in to access your account information and digital media email address password forgot password? remember me sign in i am a new customer create an account password assistance please enter your e-mail address associated with your great courses account. we will send you an email so you can reset your password. if you continue to have problems, please contact us. email address send email create your account email address create password please enter a password that is between 5 and 20 characters long. confirm password i accept the terms and conditions and privacy policy. create account enter your email address cancel submit look for exclusive offer emails and new course releases from the great courses! please visit my account to manage email preferences. priority code enter priority code cancel apply apply a new code? javascript seems to be disabled in your browser. you must have javascript enabled in your browser to utilize the functionality of this website. the great courses the great courses 1-800-832-2412 about us x what are priority codes? priority codes are on the back of the catalog, mail promotion, or within an advertisement. to ensure that the pricing on the website is the same as what is in your catalog or advertisement, please enter the priority code provided. have a priority code? priority code: applied. apply new code? x priority code please enter a valid code apply search site: search courses categories a-z better living (175) food & wine health, fitness, & nutrition hobby & leisure personal development travel parenting crafts & woodworking economics & finance (27) finance economics fine arts (30) art history studio art high school (39) history math science study skills critical thinking skills reading & writing history (224) american history ancient history – classical ancient history – world civilization & culture medieval history modern history – europe modern history – world renaissance & early modern history military history literature & language (106) ancient literature & mythology american literature british literature linguistics world literature writing genre literary surveys mathematics (46) applied mathematics history of mathematics mathematical theory music (36) classical music modern music musical theory philosophy & intellectual history (119) ancient philosophy intellectual history medieval philosophy modern philosophy professional (70) business communication skills education leadership skills thinking skills religion (80) biblical studies christianity comparative eastern & world religions judaism medieval philosophy science (185) astronomy & space science biology earth sciences engineering & technology history & philosophy of science medicine neuroscience & psychology physics & chemistry social sciences other view all courses top rated new releases courses on sale sign in cart 0 your cart is empty wish list 0 your wish list is empty my digital library special sale 70% off existing customer sign in email password forgot password? remember me sign in i am a new customer create an account create your accountalready have an account? email *first name *last name password please enter a password that is between 5 and 20 characters long. confirm i accept the terms and conditions and privacy policy create account forgot your passwordback to login please enter your e-mail address associated with your great courses account. we will send you an email so you can reset your password. if you have problems, please contact us. email send email learning to play guitar: chords, scales, and solos course no. 7776 professor colin mcallister, d.m.a. university of colorado, colorado springs share this course 4.2 out of 5 223 reviews 76% of reviewers would recommend this product course no. 7776 watch this course and 100s of others with a free trial to the great courses plus – learn more choose a format video streaming included free add to cart add to wishlist send as egift what will you learn? learn the correct way to hold the guitar, how to move naturally around the instrument, and all of the core skills of guitar playing learn how to read three kinds of musical notation discover how to play a wide range of basic chords master the fundamental scales for guitar and guitar melodic patterns or licks," tools" course overview lecture titles what's included your professor reviews questions & answers course overview the guitar is the perfect first instrument to not only learn how to play, but to learn how to read, understand, and enjoy music. and, whether you’ve had a few years of lessons, taught yourself, or never picked a guitar up, this course is the perfect way to start. brilliantly designed so you can learn from the ground up, learning to play guitar: chords, scales, and solos is a unique and effective way to rapidly access one of the most meaningful, enjoyable, and satisfying forms of self-expression. you don’t need to know how to read a note when you start this course, but even if you do, you’ll quickly gain new techniques, knowledge, and understanding. the highly original modular format of this course is designed to immediately get you from learning to playing. each of the 24-lectures begins with an engaging historical narrative, or personal story, and then dives right in with five modular units of instruction: technique—learn the correct way to hold the guitar, how to move naturally around the instrument, and all of the core skills of guitar playing, from left hand fingering and shifting to right hand strumming, finger picking, and pick playing. musicianship and note reading—learn how to read three kinds of musical notation, and discover that reading music is actually quite simple if you learn it in short, easy steps; grasp how to play and read rhythms, and develop the ability to play by ear. chords—discover how to play a wide range of basic chords--the harmonic building blocks of music and the musical foundation under a melody; study chord theory, and the fundamentals of musical structure. scales and melodic patterns--study the fundamental scales for guitar—another vital building block of guitar playing—as well as guitar melodic patterns or “licks,” tools that give you the ability to play lead guitar lines and melodies. putting it all together—from the very first lesson, put together what you’ve learned in real guitar tunes and pieces, covering a variety of different musical styles. each lesson is capped off with a song that puts all the material to use. why the guitar? like the piano, the guitar is a stand-alone solo instrument, and an endlessly adaptable “partner” for musical and vocal accompaniment. amazingly versatile, the guitar is an instrument with an unparalleled range of expression, encompassing rock, pop, jazz, country, blues, and classical styles of music. and yet, the fundamentals of the guitar are surprisingly easy to learn—and quickly! the guitar is also one of most affordable and portable instruments. what you learn from studying the guitar easily translates to all musical instruments and disciplines, including singing, songwriting, and arranging. your instructor is dr. colin mcallister, a popular teacher and performer, whose wide musical range extends from rock bands, and the avant garde, to classical solo guitar, chamber music. symphony orchestras, and jazz groups. dr. mcallister studied under the “first family” of the classical guitar—the romero brothers—and befriended one of america’s greatest jazz guitarists, johnny smith. he sprinkles this course with well-told stories and deft lessons from more than 25 years of professional experience. he also shatters the myth that you must have special talent, or start at an early age, to play an instrument well. sharing his own stories, which range from poignant to hilarious, and joined by a promising guitar student and guest vocalists, dr. mcallister shows you that learning even four guitar chords will open up a world of possibilities, encompassing hundreds of songs, as well as styles and eras. as you make your way through each lesson on the path from beginner to accomplished musician, you will gain the equivalent of two semesters of university-level instruction, or dozens of hours of private instruction, along with the material for hundreds of hours of practice. this course quickly becomes an experience—one that will deepen your appreciation of everything musical that you hear. master the basics of a world-spanning instrument tgc’s learning to play guitar: chords, scales, and solos presents an engaging and adaptable learning system, developed by dr. mcallister over decades of professional playing and teaching, which will have you playing the guitar in a remarkably short amount of time. the rapid results of these lessons are a result of dr. mcallister’s ability to present each element of guitar playing in clear, graspable steps. starting from the beginning, and building one element on another, dr. mcallister introduces you to a spectrum of basic principles and musical material, giving you a solid foundation for playing the guitar and for further study in any style. beginning with simple chords and bass lines, you’ll learn how to play both melodies and accompaniment, as well as a range of musical styles and guitar techniques, encompassing traditions such as jazz, rock, classical, flamenco, blues, reggae, and many more. dr. mcallister also takes you on an odyssey into the history of the guitar, its greatest players, and the styles they created and embodied, from guitar legends to many pivotal but lesser known figures. each lesson explores a significant topic related to the lore of the guitar, giving you a wealth of material to explore on your own. one of the biggest benefits to this course of study is that each lesson is customizable, allowing you to study the material in a preferred sequence or focus on areas that interest you, and are easy to reference for review and practice. and the learning system is highly visual, giving you the chance to learn by watching the professor play, and using diagrams, drawings, and animations to help you incorporate the material. build a solid base for playing in many styles this course is expertly designed to give you a base knowledge of both guitar playing skills and different guitar styles. for beginners as well as more experienced players, these are techniques and materials which you can use immediately, and will give you much to explore and expand on. some important elements you will cover include: the art of improvising: improvising on the guitar is based on a fundamental grasp of chords and scales, as the title of the course suggests. as the lessons unfold, you’ll learn major, minor, seventh, dominant seventh, and diminished chords in different keys, and “power” chords for rock music, as well as the major and minor scales, blues scale, pentatonic (five-tone) scales, “modal” scales, and arpeggios (broken chords)—all of which will equip you to improvise in any style. guitar skills: enriching your left and right hand technique, you’ll practice a range of key guitar skills, which will take your music-making in many exciting directions. among these, you’ll learn “travis picking” for folk, country, and rock playing; tremolo, which gives the illusion of a sustained tone; legato techniques (called “hammer-ons” and “pull-offs”) for shaping melodies; rasgueado, a dynamic flamenco strumming technique, harmonics (beautiful, bell-like guitar tones), barre technique (for “movable” chords), and how to accompany a vocalist. guitar styles: throughout the lessons, you’ll learn the elements of many different musical styles. as key examples, you’ll grasp the basics of jazz harmony, making use of your seventh chords and modal scales, blues, using the blues scale and licks, and you’ll explore rhythm guitar, “piano-style” guitar, classical styles, spanish flamenco, and others. in all cases, you’ll learn to play songs in the styles you’ve studied. elements of music theory: in this course, for everything you learn to play, you will also learn to read it in music notation. step by step, you’ll grasp how music is organized in terms of rhythm and harmony, both conceptually and on the page, and how different pitches, rhythms, keys, and tonalities are written. in the process, you’ll learn to read musical key signatures and time signatures, rests (musical silences), how to use a metronome, how to understand common chord progressions, and more. pathways to strong guitar technique: in instrumental music, “technique” is the how of playing the instrument naturally and efficiently. proper technique is vital to successful guitar playing—as important as any other element—for achieving ease with the instrument and avoiding physical problems in playing. throughout these lessons, you’ll learn elements of good technique such as “planting” (a practice for building technical accuracy), efficient hand position, exercises for the independence of the fingers, dexterity with a guitar pick, speed and accuracy in playing melodies, moving efficiently between chords, and how best to practice the different guitar skills you learn. travel into the fascinating history and lore of the guitar throughout the lessons, dr. mcallister’s passion for the guitar and for teaching, as well as his energetic and charismatic style, make this a highly enjoyable learning process. he enriches the lessons with inspiring and eloquent commentary on the nature of practice, the habits of successful guitar players, the value of music, and how best to study and learn. in bringing you into the world of the guitar, he speaks vividly of the instrument’s evolution, history, and musical roles, and of the lives of guitarists—from his own professional experiences and road stories to the contributions and innovations of the instrument’s most legendary players, such as: john fahey--a master of steel-string fingerstyle guitar playing; augustin barrios “mangoré“--paraguayan guitarist, composer, and poet; an outlandish genius, innovator, and one of the first classical guitarists to record; emily remler--an astonishing talent, an improbable figure in jazz (white, middle class, woman), and one of the finest players of her time; charlie christian--the first modern jazz guitarist, who transformed big band music, and reinvented the jazz guitar as a solo instrument; and michael hedges--one of most innovative and influential acoustic guitarists, who pioneered ingenious alternate tunings of the instrument. learning to play guitar: chords, scales, and solos offers you an engaging and highly effective way to master the fundamentals of this incredibly versatile instrument. with these 24 expertly designed lessons, the world of the guitar and the sheer joy of playing it are yours. hide full description 24 lectures | average 31 minutes each 1 guitar basics: play a song in 60 seconds discover how you can play a simple song on the guitar in just one minute. then study the parts of the guitar, and how to hold the instrument. play g and c major chords, and review the classic bass line from the song you learned. finally, practice your song, combining your bass line with a four-note melody. x 2 tuning up, reading music, and dexterity consider important principles of musical learning, the essence of practice, and the importance of performance. investigate how to tune your guitar, and learn a useful warmup. observe how pitch and rhythm are notated (written), practice e and a minor chords, and work with a musical number using the chords you've learned so far. x 3 classical guitar position and posture explore body posture with the instrument; then, practice your warmup using alternating fingers. grasp how written music is divided into “measures” and “beats”. learn fuller versions of g and c major chords, see how they are written in the tablature form of notation, and add a melody to the song from the last lesson. x 4 learning how to practice the guitar look deeper into how to practice and master each element in the learning process. explore “shifting”—moving the left hand position in guitar playing. then grasp how the lower three strings are notated, and practice moving between chords on the instrument. play a major scale, and use it in the song “shifting sands”. x 5 playing fingerstyle guitar learn about three legends of “fingerstyle” guitar--the technique of playing with the right-hand thumb and fingers. practice the basics of right-hand fingerstyle technique, with alternating fingers. study the notation of open strings; then extend your fingerstyle to “fingering” chords. play a g major scale across three strings, and use your fingerstyle in a song. x 6 playing rhythm guitar discover the leading lights of “rhythm guitar”, a playing style where the guitarist provides the rhythmic foundation for a band. review your fingerstyle technique, and play arpeggios (broken chords). learn to play eighth-notes, and “¾” or waltz-like rhythms. practice a two-octave scale, some melodic patterns or “licks”, and put these elements together in today’s song. x 7 the pentatonic scale look into the remarkable guitar-playing of eric johnson, and his use of the pentatonic (five-tone) scale. learn a left-hand exercise for “walking” across the fretboard; then study half-step intervals on the guitar and how to read them. investigate syncopated strumming patterns, the two-octave pentatonic scale, and how to use them in improvising. x 8 the blues scale and lateral stretching enter the world of the blues, and learn about some pioneering pre-war blues players. for left hand technique, practice a “lateral stretching” exercise for flexibility. add the a7 chord, along with syncopated blues strumming patterns and the a blues scale. last, play “blues for art”, incorporating your new strumming patterns and the blues scale. x 9 planting for control and accuracy first, contemplate the principles of tonal beauty, as taught by the great romero brothers. study the technique of “planting”, an aid for technical accuracy. learn the d and a major chords, and how to read key signatures. then play a new melody in d major, and accompany it in fingerstyle using your new chords. x 10 guitar tremolo: gaining speed here, encounter two classical guitar titans, agustín barrios and andrés segovia, and grasp their contributions to the instrument. study tremolo, which gives the illusion of a sustained note. learn to read sixteenth-notes, add the e major chord, the major pentatonic scale, and use your tremolo and finger technique in the “raindrop etude”. x 11 legato and power chords begin with legato technique (also called “hammer-ons” and “pull-offs”), a way of smoothly connecting guitar tones without plucking the string. then add the two-note “power chord” to your repertoire, a key chord for rock music. practice some patterns (“licks”) using the minor pentatonic scale, and put all of these elements together in a rock song. x 12 travis picking for folk, country, and rock trace the remarkable life of merle travis, who pioneered a distinctive and highly influential fingerpicking style. refine your descending legato technique (“pull-offs”), a great exercise for strength and finger independence. study the “travis picking” style, practice some melodic licks using pull-offs, and try travis picking in the blues tune “dusty blue”. x 13 hammer-ons and pull-offs hear classic road stories of some great guitar players, as they point to the collaborative roles of the guitar. learn the b7, c7, and g7 chords (“dominant seventh” chords), and grasp their role in musical harmony. play the scale of e major across all six strings; then use your legato technique, dominant sevenths, and e major scale in accompanying a singer. x 14 finger independence and chord theory explore harmonic tension and resolution, and the dominant and tonic chords, through compelling examples in the music of richard wagner. practice an important exercise for independent movement of the left hand fingers. discover how three-note chords (“triads”) can be constructed from the notes of the scale. finally, play an original song using the material from this lesson. x 15 crosspicking and bass lines uncover the legend and innovations of doc watson, the great bluegrass player who was brought out of obscurity by a chance meeting. study the challenges of playing with a pick while moving across the strings. then taste “barre” chords, a useful technique you’ll explore further, learn the c major scale, and try a tune inspired by johnny cash. x 16 piano-style guitar and fingernail care investigate the musical effects created by the fingernails versus the fingertips, and grasp the basics of nail shaping and care for guitar playing. then study chord “qualities” (major, minor, diminished), and look at common chord patterns and sequences. in today’s song, practice “piano-style” guitar, playing melody and accompaniment simultaneously. x 17 syncopated strumming and movable scales begin with some memorable stories that illustrate the challenges of performance. practice “chromatic octaves”, for hand coordination and flexibility, and learn to read “dotted” eighth notes. experiment with different ways to play common chords, study “movable” scales (that use the same fingering pattern), and use these elements in an original tune. x 18 a new pentatonic scale and the capo explore the work of composer john cage, as it points to the value of musical “silence”—the space between notes. then learn to read musical “rests” (silences in the music). study how to use the capo, a device used to shorten the guitar’s string length. continue your work with “movable” pentatonic and major scales, and revive your “travis picking” skills for today’s tune. x 19 barre chords: movable chords delve into the original style of jazz guitarist johnny smith, and the story behind one of his greatest hits. then go deeper into barre chords, one of the most challenging guitar techniques. learn “movable” chord shapes, using the same fingering for multiple chords, and practice two-octave arpeggios (broken chords). end with a reggae-style song, structured in “a-a-b-a” form. x 20 flamenco technique: rasgueado this lecture explores the flamenco style, highlighting the career and historic innovations of paco de lucia. study the flamenco strumming technique of rasgueado. learn to harmonize melody notes, practice movable a, am and a7 chords, and expand your work with arpeggios. end with a flamenco-tinged song, using your new rasgueado, chords, and melodic technique. x 21 playing with natural harmonics learn to play the beautiful, chiming guitar tones called harmonics. first, explore the lives of some great players who featured them. then play harmonics on all six strings, and see how they’re notated. practice four-note diatonic seventh chords, and investigate modes, permutations of the major scale. use your new chords and harmonics in the tune “harmonic landscapes". x 22 jazz harmony and dorian mode take the measure of guitarist charlie christian and alto saxophonist charlie parker, each of whom transformed jazz and their instruments. grasp how to work for greater speed and accuracy when playing melodies. learn “movable” chord shapes for major and minor seventh chords, practice the dorian modal scale, and use them in a minor blues tune. x 23 dadgad tuning and lydian mode take a look at the far-reaching influence of acoustic guitarist michael hedges, and his ingenious use of alternate tunings of the instrument. continue with a two-part cross-picking exercise, for hand dexterity. practice the lydian modal scale. then explore alternate tunings, focusing on michael hedges’ “d-a-d-g-a-d” tuning, and use it in the song “alpine sunrise". x 24 taking the guitar to the next level trace the career of violinist malcolm watson, as it illustrates principles of success for musicians, and consider seven habits of highly effective guitar players. then learn the technique of artificial harmonics. add half diminished and full diminished chords to your repertoire, play the mixolydian scale, and finish the course with a jazz and flamenco inspired song. x lecture titles clone content from your professor tab what's included what does each format include? video download includes: download 24 video lectures to your computer or mobile app downloadable pdf of the course guidebook free video streaming of the course from our website and mobile apps dvd includes: 24 lectures on 4 dvds 256-page printed course guidebook downloadable pdf of the course guidebook free video streaming of the course from our website and mobile apps closed captioning available what does the course guidebook include? course guidebook details: 256-page printed course guidebook photos, diagrams, and illustrations suggested reading questions to consider enjoy this course on-the-go with our mobile apps!* iphone + ipad android devices kindle fire tablet + firephone *courses can be streamed from anywhere you have an internet connection. standard carrier data rates may apply in areas that do not have wifi connections pursuant to your carrier contract. your professor about your professor colin mcallister, d.m.a. university of colorado, colorado springs colin mcallister is the music program director at the university of colorado, colorado springs. he earned his master’s and doctorate degrees in musical arts at the university of california, san diego, where he studied guitar with celin and pepe romero, interpretation with bertram turetzky, and conducting with harvey sollberger and rand steiger. dr. mcallister has taught the guitar and performed professionally as a... learn more about this professor also by this professor playing guitar like a pro: lead, solo, and group performance (set) learning to play guitar & understanding the fundamentals of music (set) learning to play guitar & how to draw (set) learning to play guitar & fundamentals of photography (set) learning to play guitar & how to play chess (set) learning to play guitar & how music and mathematics relate (set) how to play piano & learning to play guitar (set) playing guitar like a pro & learning to play guitar (set) playing guitar like a pro & how to play piano (set) playing guitar like a pro & understanding the fundamentals of music (set) playing guitar like a pro & how to draw (set) playing guitar like a pro & great music of the 20th century (set) how to paint & learning to play guitar: chords, scales, and solos reviews learning to play guitar: chords, scales, and solos is rated 4.1 out of 5 by 223. rated 5 out of 5 by aprender from i am only on the third lesson but so far it is great. i taught myself to play many many years ago so i have forgotten a lot and i missed a lot of technique. i like the baby steps approach. at this point i am doing a lesson a day, but i'm sure i'll slow down when it becomes more difficult. the instructor is wonderful and incredibly knowledgeable. date published: 2019-02-16 rated 5 out of 5 by gardener53 from clear and concise i am taking this at a slower pace. i have been a pianist for nearly fifty years now and have spent fifteen years singing with a major symphony. while the note reading is rote for me, the techniques are not. however, the instructor is very clear and concise on what i know and what i don't know. date published: 2019-02-13 rated 5 out of 5 by pablito from true to title my guitar has been it's case for years. i tried to teach myself how to play when i bought it, but like many things in life i moved on. this program and the lessons are well thought out and easy to follow. i believe that i may finally learn how to play and read music now that i have this video course. after the fourth lesson i am already playing, but i know that i will need a lot more practice. i love the fact that i can stream it also. date published: 2019-02-12 rated 5 out of 5 by jackdonachy from thorough, interesting, easy to follow instruction i began learning guitar 37 days ago and have now viewed 7 of colin mccallister's lessons. practicing every day and supplementing these lessons with the books "mel bay's modern guitar method grade 1" and "uncle tim's first year" as well as video clips demonstrating finger picking techniques, i've been very happy with the progress i'm making. the skills progression sequence is thoughtfully constructed and clearly presented; new material is introduced gradually enough that even a raw beginner (59 years old) can keep up - with daily practice. as to coin's lessons, i wouldn't change a thing. i wanted to learn more about guitar/music history and i enjoy additional anecdotes that draw from other walks of life and illustrate the learning process. far from being irrelevant, these additional perspectives provide depth and roundedness to the lessons. many times i've felt prompted to extend my learning through google searches. i also appreciate an instructor with a gentle sense of humor, which colin has. here's a tip that might help others: take screen shots of key concepts and music passages from the video lessons and keep these in a desktop folder for review as you practice (over and over and over) each new element colin introduces. date published: 2019-02-08 rated 5 out of 5 by dave 416 from easy to follow and well paced the material is well explained with great background information. learning, not only to play, but about the guitar and music as well. date published: 2019-02-05 rated 1 out of 5 by inspector656 from too talkative i’m very disappointed with this course. the prof wastes too much time discussing guitar history (as much as10 minutes in some cases) for me to stay interested. i returned the book and dvd and requested a refund. date published: 2019-02-03 rated 5 out of 5 by marks bucket list from good mix i have had the course for less than a month so it is early to do a review; but, so far, i like the mix of guitar history, learning philosophies, techniques, chords, and playing styles. i like the instructor and i believe that my rating will be 5 stars when all is said and done. date published: 2019-02-03 rated 5 out of 5 by yud38 from great format !! i liked the lectures, thought they are very informative and give you a background for what you are about to learn. some reviews that i read did not like the lectures,but in order to run you need to learn how to walk first, these lecture are a help. the instructor is easy to follow,like he says you have to master each lesson before moving to the next other wise you will be spinning your wheels later. date published: 2019-02-01 learning to play guitar: chords, scales, and solos reviews - page 2 y_2019, m_3, d_19, h_17 bvseo_bulk, prod_bvrr, vn_bulk_2.0.11 cp_1, bvpage1 co_hasreviews, tv_9, tr_214 loc_en_us, sid_7776, prod, sort_[sortentry(order=submission_time, direction=descending)] clientname_teachco bvseo_sdk, p_sdk, 3.2.0 cloud, getcontent, 13.79ms reviews, product questions & answers customers who bought this course also bought sale playing guitar like a pro: lead, solo, and group performance colin mcallister 4.2 out of 5 66% of reviewers would recommend this product (9) save up to $200.00 starting at $49.95 $69.95 $49.95–$69.95 sale essentials of tai chi and qigong david-dorian ross 4.5 out of 5 84% of reviewers would recommend this product (264) save up to $200.00 starting at $49.95 $69.95 $49.95–$69.95 sale fundamentals of photography joel sartore 4.7 out of 5 93% of reviewers would recommend this product (650) save up to $200.00 starting at $49.95 $69.95 $49.95–$69.95 sale secrets of mental math arthur t. benjamin 4.7 out of 5 92% of reviewers would recommend this product (155) save up to $160.00 starting at $17.95 $39.95 $17.95–$39.95 sale the everyday gourmet: the joy of mediterranean cooking bill briwa 4.7 out of 5 89% of reviewers would recommend this product (97) save up to $160.00 starting at $39.95 $59.95 $39.95–$59.95 sale practicing mindfulness: an introduction to meditation mark w. muesse 4.4 out of 5 81% of reviewers would recommend this product (325) save up to $185.00 starting at $49.95 $69.95 $49.95–$69.95 sale building a better vocabulary kevin flanigan 4.6 out of 5 88% of reviewers would recommend this product (126) save up to $285.00 starting at $69.95 $99.95 $69.95–$99.95 sale how to stay fit as you age kimberlee bethany bonura 4.3 out of 5 81% of reviewers would recommend this product (76) save up to $160.00 starting at $19.95 $59.95 $19.95–$59.95 sale how to grow anything: food gardening for everyone melinda myers 4.4 out of 5 85% of reviewers would recommend this product (34) save up to $160.00 starting at $24.95 $39.95 $24.95–$39.95 sale learning french: a rendezvous with french-speaking cultures ann williams 4.4 out of 5 84% of reviewers would recommend this product (149) save up to $285.00 starting at $69.95 $99.95 $69.95–$99.95 sale law school for everyone taught by multiple professors 4.5 out of 5 86% of reviewers would recommend this product (90) save up to $390.00 starting at $89.95 $129.95 $89.95–$129.95 sale martial arts for your mind and body david-dorian ross 4 out of 5 80% of reviewers would recommend this product (30) save up to $200.00 starting at $49.95 $69.95 $49.95–$69.95 sale english grammar boot camp anne curzan 4.4 out of 5 83% of reviewers would recommend this product (114) save up to $200.00 starting at $49.95 $69.95 $49.95–$69.95 sale foundations of organic chemistry ron b. davis jr. 4.5 out of 5 82% of reviewers would recommend this product (79) save up to $285.00 starting at $69.95 $99.95 $69.95–$99.95 sale the art of travel photography: six expert lessons joel sartore 4.1 out of 5 72% of reviewers would recommend this product (110) save up to $77.00 starting at $17.95 $24.95 $17.95–$24.95 sale the everyday gourmet: essential secrets of spices in cooking bill briwa 3.9 out of 5 66% of reviewers would recommend this product (51) save up to $77.00 starting at $17.95 $24.95 $17.95–$24.95 sale essentials of strength training dean hodgkin 4 out of 5 76% of reviewers would recommend this product (38) save up to $77.00 starting at $17.95 $24.95 $17.95–$24.95 sale latin 101: learning a classical language hans-friedrich mueller 4.7 out of 5 93% of reviewers would recommend this product (114) save up to $275.00 starting at $39.95 $99.95 $39.95–$99.95 sale the everyday gourmet: cooking with vegetables bill briwa 4.9 out of 5 94% of reviewers would recommend this product (70) save up to $200.00 starting at $49.95 $69.95 $49.95–$69.95 sale startup library: painting with watercolors kateri ewing 4.7 out of 5 91% of reviewers would recommend this product (49) save up to $40.00 starting at $39.95 $49.95 $39.95–$49.95 sale how the stock market works ramon p. degennaro 4.7 out of 5 94% of reviewers would recommend this product (37) save up to $170.00 starting at $29.95 $49.95 $29.95–$49.95 sale the higgs boson and beyond sean carroll 4.7 out of 5 86% of reviewers would recommend this product (188) save up to $160.00 starting at $17.95 $39.95 $17.95–$39.95 sale joy of mathematics arthur t. benjamin 4.4 out of 5 81% of reviewers would recommend this product (175) save up to $195.00 starting at $39.95 $59.95 $39.95–$59.95 sale how colors affect you: what science reveals william lidwell 4.3 out of 5 79% of reviewers would recommend this product (136) save up to $77.00 starting at $17.95 $24.95 $17.95–$24.95 sale the world's greatest geological wonders: 36 spectacular sites michael e. wysession 4.7 out of 5 90% of reviewers would recommend this product (227) save up to $275.00 starting at $69.95 $99.95 $69.95–$99.95 sale native peoples of north america daniel m. cobb 3.7 out of 5 66% of reviewers would recommend this product (103) save up to $200.00 starting at $29.95 $69.95 $29.95–$69.95 sale how to boost your physical and mental energy kimberlee bethany bonura 4.4 out of 5 73% of reviewers would recommend this product (23) save up to $165.00 starting at $14.95 $34.95 $14.95–$34.95 sale how to publish your book jane friedman 4.2 out of 5 84% of reviewers would recommend this product (52) save up to $210.00 starting at $24.95 $59.95 $24.95–$59.95 sale new testament bart d. ehrman 3.9 out of 5 66% of reviewers would recommend this product (269) save up to $185.00 starting at $49.95 $69.95 $49.95–$69.95 sale the mayo clinic guide to pain relief barbara k. bruce 4.3 out of 5 81% of reviewers would recommend this product (43) save up to $160.00 starting at $17.95 $39.95 $17.95–$39.95 buy together as a set and save learning to play guitar: chords, scales, and solos playing guitar like a pro: lead, solo, and group performance choose a set format video download $469.90 dvd $539.90 add to cart play video course categories better living economics & finance fine arts high school history literature & language mathematics music philosophy & intellectual history professional religion science more... best sellers professor chat podcasts gift certificates about us careers apps the great courses daily help 1-800-832-2412 customer service exchanges and returns faqs contact us lifetime guarantee accessibility sign up for exclusive offers! submit thank you! for entering your email address. this email already exists. please visit my account to manage email preferences. © the teaching company, llc. all rights reserved. site map terms & conditions privacy policy connect with us: connect: to top x video title please verify account to continue email address: password: