来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20181227223206/https://www.thegreatcourses.com/courses/fundamentals-of-photography.html?pfm=BestSellers&pos=1
================================================================================

fundamentals of photography skip to main content x this experience is optimized for internet explorer version 10 and above. please upgrade your browser send the gift of lifelong learning! fundamentals of photography joel sartore, national geographic photographer gifting information faq x frequently asked questions with an egift, you can instantly send a great course to a friend or loved one via email. it's simple: find the course you would like to egift. under “choose a format,” click on video download or audio download. click ‘send e-gift’ fill out the details on the next page. you will need the email address of your friend or family member. proceed with the checkout process as usual. once you have paid for your order, your friend or loved one will receive an email letting them know that they have a gift waiting for them at thegreatcourses.com. that gift will be added to their my digital library when they log in and click to redeem it. why do i need to specify the email of the recipient? we will send that person an email to notify them of your gift. if they are already a customer, they will be able to add the gift to their my digital library and mobile apps. if they are not yet a customer, we will help them set up a new account so they can enjoy their course in their my digital library or via our free mobile apps. how will my friend or family member know they have a gift? they will receive an email from the great courses notifying them of your egift. the email will direct them to thegreatcourses.com. what if my friend or family member does not receive the email? if the email notification is missing, first check their spam folder. depending on your email provider, it may have mistakenly been flagged as spam. if it is not found, please email customer service at (customerservice@thegreatcourses.com) or call 1-800-832-2412 for assistance. how will i know they have received my egift? when the recipient clicks on their email and redeems their egift, you will automatically receive an email notification. i don’t want to send downloads. how do i gift dvds or cds? egifting only covers digital products. to purchase a dvd or cd version of a course and mail it to a friend, please call customer service at 1-800-832-2412 for assistance. oops! the recipient already owns the course i gifted. what now? great minds think alike! we can exchange the egifted course for another course of equal value. please call customer service at 1-800-832-2412 for assistance. can i select a date in the future to send my egift? sorry, this feature is not available yet. we are working on adding it in the future. what if the email associated with egift is not for my regular great course account? please email customer service at (customerservice@thegreatcourses.com) or call our customer service team at 1-800-832-2412 for assistance. they have the ability to update the email address. when purchasing a gift for someone, why do i have to create an account? this is done for two reasons. one is so you can track the purchase of the order in your ‘order history’ section as well as being able to let our customer service team track your purchase and the person who received it if the need arises. can i return or exchange a gift after i purchase it? because the gift is sent immediately, it cannot be returned or exchanged by the person giving the gift. the recipient can exchange the gift for another course of equal or lesser value, or pay the difference on a more expensive item faq to send your gift, please complete the form below. an email will be sent immediately to notify the recipient of your gift and provide them with instructions to redeem it. recipient name recipient email confirm email message 500 characters remaining. checkout now cancel frequently asked questions with an egift, you can instantly send a great course to a friend or loved one via email. it's simple: 1. find the course you would like to egift. 2. under "choose a format", click on video download or audio download. 3. click 'send e-gift' 4. fill out the details on the next page. you will need to the email address of your friend or family member. 5. proceed with the checkout process as usual. q: why do i need to specify the email of the recipient? a: we will send that person an email to notify them of your gift. if they are already a customer, they will be able to add the gift to their my digital library and mobile apps. if they are not yet a customer, we will help them set up a new account so they can enjoy their course in their my digital library or via our free mobile apps. q: how will my friend or family member know they have a gift? a: they will receive an email from the great courses notifying them of your egift. the email will direct them to thegreatcourses.com. if they are already a customer, they will be able to add the gift to their my digital library and mobile apps. if they are not yet a customer, we will help them set up a new account so they can enjoy their course in their my digital library or via our free mobile apps. q: what if my friend or family member does not receive the email? a: if the email notification is missing, first check your spam folder. depending on your email provider, it may have mistakenly been flagged as spam. if it is not found, please email customer service at (customerservice@thegreatcourses.com) or call 1-800-832-2412 for assistance. q: how will i know they have received my egift? a: when the recipient clicks on their email and redeems their egift, you will automatically receive an email notification. q: what if i do not receive the notification that the egift has been redeemed? a: if the email notification is missing, first check your spam folder. depending on your email provider, it may have mistakenly been flagged as spam. if it is not found, please email customer service at (customerservice@thegreatcourses.com) or call customer service at 1-800-832-2412 for assistance. q: i don't want to send downloads. how do i gift dvds or cds? a: egifting only covers digital products. to purchase a dvd or cd version of a course and mail it to a friend, please call customer service at 1-800-832-2412 for assistance. q: oops! the recipient already owns the course i gifted. what now? a: great minds think alike! we can exchange the egifted course for another course of equal value. please call customer service at 1-800-832-2412 for assistance. q: can i update or change my email address? a: yes, you can. go to my account to change your email address. q: can i select a date in the future to send my egift? a: sorry, this feature is not available yet. we are working on adding it in the future. q: what if the email associated with egift is not for my regular great course account? a: please please email customer service at (customerservice@thegreatcourses.com) or call our customer service team at 1-800-832-2412 for assistance. they have the ability to update the email address so you can put in your correct account. q: when purchasing a gift for someone, why do i have to create an account? a: this is done for two reasons. one is so you can track the purchase of the order in your ‘order history’ section as well as being able to let our customer service team track your purchase and the person who received it if the need arises. q: can i return or exchange a gift after i purchase it? a: because the gift is sent immediately, it cannot be returned or exchanged by the person giving the gift. the recipient can exchange the gift for another course of equal or lesser value, or pay the difference on a more expensive item ? 0 search site: search main menu sign in home courses categories better living economics & finance fine arts high school history literature & language mathematics music philosophy & intellectual history professional religion science formats audio video all on sale about us our approach our heritage our professors our customers our guarantee our team our career opportunities 25th anniversary in the news podcast events gift cards customer service & help contact us shopping ordering & shipping returns & exchanges lifetime guarantee my account downloads streaming browser-related questions copyright information privacy policy terms & conditions faqs my account my digital library sign up for exclusive offers have a priority code? x what are priority codes? priority codes are on the back of the catalog, mail promotion, or within an advertisement. to ensure that the pricing on the website is the same as what is in your catalog or advertisement, please enter the priority code provided. existing customer sign in sign in to access your account information and digital media email address password forgot password? remember me sign in i am a new customer create an account password assistance please enter your e-mail address associated with your great courses account. we will send you an email so you can reset your password. if you continue to have problems, please contact us. email address send email create your account email address create password please enter a password that is between 5 and 20 characters long. confirm password i accept the terms and conditions and privacy policy. create account enter your email address cancel submit look for exclusive offer emails and new course releases from the great courses! please visit my account to manage email preferences. priority code enter priority code cancel apply apply a new code? javascript seems to be disabled in your browser. you must have javascript enabled in your browser to utilize the functionality of this website. the great courses the great courses 1-800-832-2412 about us x what are priority codes? priority codes are on the back of the catalog, mail promotion, or within an advertisement. to ensure that the pricing on the website is the same as what is in your catalog or advertisement, please enter the priority code provided. have a priority code? priority code: applied. apply new code? x priority code please enter a valid code apply search site: search courses categories a-z better living (169) food & wine health, fitness, & nutrition hobby & leisure personal development travel parenting crafts & woodworking economics & finance (27) finance economics fine arts (29) art history studio art high school (39) history math science study skills critical thinking skills reading & writing history (222) american history ancient history – classical ancient history – world civilization & culture medieval history modern history – europe modern history – world renaissance & early modern history military history literature & language (105) ancient literature & mythology american literature british literature linguistics world literature writing genre literary surveys mathematics (46) applied mathematics history of mathematics mathematical theory music (36) classical music modern music musical theory philosophy & intellectual history (117) ancient philosophy intellectual history medieval philosophy modern philosophy professional (69) business communication skills education leadership skills thinking skills religion (80) biblical studies christianity comparative eastern & world religions judaism medieval philosophy science (182) astronomy & space science biology earth sciences engineering & technology history & philosophy of science medicine neuroscience & psychology physics & chemistry social sciences other view all courses top rated new releases courses on sale sign in cart 0 your cart is empty wish list 0 your wish list is empty my digital library special sale 70% off existing customer sign in email password forgot password? remember me sign in i am a new customer create an account create your accountalready have an account? email *first name *last name password please enter a password that is between 5 and 20 characters long. confirm i accept the terms and conditions and privacy policy create account forgot your passwordback to login please enter your e-mail address associated with your great courses account. we will send you an email so you can reset your password. if you have problems, please contact us. email send email create your password new password confirm submit fundamentals of photography in partnership with joel sartore, national geographic photographer share this course 4.8 out of 5 610 reviews 93% of reviewers would recommend this product course no. 7901 sale choose a format video streaming included free add to cart add to wish list send as e-gift what will you learn? learn how best to apply the fundamentals of camera equipment, including bodies, lenses, flashes, and more. understand the modern photographer's workflow from shooting to editing to final product. discover how to expertly wield the powerful tools that modern cameras are equipped with. learn advanced methods for overcoming photographic challenges, like low-light, cramped conditions, and active subjects. elevate your photography with expert tips and tricks for turning ordinary subjects into interesting compositions. course overview lecture titles what's included your professor reviews questions & answers course overview photographs are more than just snapshots. when taken the right way, they become dramatic personal statements with the power to last forever. they can transport you to distant landscapes, capture fleeting emotions, recall cherished memories, reveal the beauty of daily life, and even change the world.with recent developments in technology, we now take and share photographs almost instantaneously through online photo albums and social media-making this unique form of personal expression more central to our lives than ever before.but when many of us take photographs, we simply point our cameras and click without being aware of what we're doing, what we're seeing, or how we can do it better. in reality, taking great photographs requires you to see as a professional photographer does; to train your eyes using the same fundamental techniques and principles the experts use to create unforgettable images from the grandest (and simplest) of subjects.with fundamentals of photography, you'll learn everything you need to know about the art and craft of great photography straight from a professional photographer with more than 30 years of experience. designed for people at all levels, these 24 lectures are an engaging guide to how photographs work and how to make them work better for you. national geographic contributing photographer joel sartore has crafted a course that will hone your photographer's eye so you can capture the greatest moments in nearly every situation and setting imaginable, from a field of flowers to a friend's birthday party to a grand mountain range. taking you both inside the photographer's studio and out into the field, this course is a chance to learn, in a way anyone can grasp, the basic insights and hidden secrets of photography.learn how to see just as a professional doesthe first and most important lessons you learn in fundamentals of photography involve seeing and thinking just like the professionals who make taking perfect shots seem like second nature.mr. sartore teaches you the three features any photographer needs to have in place before snapping a shot: great lighting solid visual composition an interesting perspective on your subjectby paying attention to these aspects (with help from well over 1,000 dramatic photos from mr. sartore's award-winning portfolio), you'll be better able to take the kinds of photographs that surpass their original situation and actually mean something to you and others. peek inside the photographer's toolkitin the first half of fundamentals of photography, you'll become better acquainted with the basic features of cameras and how each plays a role in creating great photographs. using nontechnical language, mr. sartore explains essential tools such as shutter speed, aperture, and lenses.in the second half of the course, you'll learn to apply the basics of photography to the kinds of photos that people commonly take-and how to take them better than ever.with mr. sartore as your guide, you'll be learning from a master of the craft; a professional photographer whose work has appeared in prestigious publications. so start making your own photos more lasting and meaningful with fundamentals of photography. hide full description 24 lectures | average 31 minutes each 1 making great pictures what makes a photograph iconic? what three things must every picture have to stand out from any old snapshot? these two questions form the core of mr. sartore’s introduction to the course. you’ll also discover that a great picture doesn’t rely on equipment—but on being able to see and think critically about your surroundings. x 2 camera equipment—what you need to take a picture, you need to have good equipment. here, get a no-nonsense guide to finding photography equipment—including cameras, tripods, and camera bags—that fits your needs. also, take an in-depth look at a camera’s controls and settings for everything from aperture to shutter speed to iso (your film’s sensitivity to light). x 3 lenses and focal length according to mr. sartore, lenses are the most critical tools of photography. in this lecture, he takes you into the field and shows you different camera lenses in action. among them: 70–200 mm (good for blurring out distracting backgrounds), rectilinear lenses (great for photographing things with minimal distortion), and wide-angle lenses (perfect for both landscapes and for shooting subjects in tight quarters). x 4 shutter speeds your camera’s shutter speed controls how much light enters the lens in a shot. learn how to become a master at working with this critical tool of photography. you’ll discover when to use fast or slow shutter speeds, study each speed’s unique effects, and uncover different techniques—such as panning and ghosting—that can add great artistic touches. x 5 aperture and depth of field what do numbers such as f/1.4, f/2.8, or f/16 mean? finally make sense of your camera’s aperture settings, which can help create eye-popping visual effects and solve specific compositional problems. then examine some of mr. sartore’s acclaimed work to see the dramatic relationship between aperture and a photograph’s depth of field. x 6 light i—found or ambient light in this first lecture on one of the two building blocks of photography, learn how to tap into the power of ambient light, which isn’t created in a studio but is found around you. look at how you should adjust your camera to make the most of found light, and learn the best kind of ambient light to shoot in and why. explore front lighting, hatchet lighting, and even zebra lighting. x 7 light ii—color and intensity continue exploring light and photography with a look at color—both the “color” of different types of light and colors as they appear in your photographs. then, focus on the differences between hard light and soft light, and how to adjust your camera accordingly to maximize the potential of these key photographic elements. x 8 light iii—introduced light mr. sartore discusses a tricky type of light: man-made (or introduced) light. you’ll learn tips for manipulating different sources of light (including firelight, car taillights, reflectors, and spotlights). also, you’ll start to see your camera’s flash setting as not a pesky button but a powerful tool for creating breathtaking effects in your photography. x 9 composition i—seeing well how do you truly capture the beauty of the three-dimensional world around you? the answer lies within composition—photography’s second building block. in the first of three lectures on the subject, analyze a series of pictures to get a basic understanding of how framing works. x 10 composition ii—background and perspective great composition also involves paying attention to background and perspective. here, mr. sartore offers you numerous tips and strategies for finding the perfect background, examining the benefits and drawbacks of particular perspectives, and avoiding compositional mistakes that can ruin the power of even the most perfectly lit photograph. x 11 composition iii—framing and layering frames. leading lines. the eyes of your subject. layers. learn how paying attention to—and using—these and other compositional tools can isolate the true subject of your photo and add a strong sense of dimension. x 12 let’s go to work—landscapes now start applying the information you’ve learned. your first assignment: rural and urban landscapes. some tips you’ll discover include surveying the ground ahead of the prime light you want to shoot in, using wide-angle lenses and a little height to suggest grandeur, and focusing on a subject you can get repeated chances at capturing. x 13 let’s go to work—wildlife explore techniques for photographing wildlife, whether it’s birds in your backyard or lions on a safari. learn how to set up a blind to conceal you from your subject, where to find the best places to photograph flora and fauna, common mistakes that wildlife photographers should avoid, and more. x 14 let’s go to work—people and relationships using touching photographs of family and friends, mr. sartore demonstrates how to use your camera to best capture joy, sadness, anger, and other emotions—without interfering with your subject’s behavior. x 15 let’s go to work—from mundane to extraordinary a key skill for any photographer is the ability to capture the special aspects of even the most mundane subjects. focus on developing and strengthening this talent alongside mr. sartore, who teaches you how to make great frames in seemingly “boring” places from hotel rooms to hog farms. x 16 let’s go to work—special occasions special occasions come loaded with moments that beg to be captured with a camera. taking the knowledge you’ve gained from previous lectures, investigate ways to anticipate and better prepare for candidly photographing the range of emotions, moods, and scenes that can be found at any wedding, party, or holiday event you attend. x 17 let’s go to work—family vacations transform the way you think about and take photographs during vacations. how can you avoid taking the same dull pictures like other tourists? what are some good ways to capture the story behind a famous landmark? who can you ask for help about the best places for photo opportunities in your destination? x 18 advanced topics—research and preparation despite what you may think, researching is an important part of any well-planned photo shoot. in the first of several lectures on advanced topics in photography, learn from mr. sartore’s own diverse shoots around the world about ways to research and prepare for photographing in more complicated situations. x 19 advanced topics—macro photography examine how to capture the remarkable (and often overlooked) beauty in miniature subjects such as insects, flowers, eyes—even a pile of money. learn the best equipment to use, lighting techniques to capture specific features of your miniature subjects, and common mistakes to avoid (such as not getting enough depth of field). x 20 advanced topics—low light low light used to be the bane of mr. sartore’s profession. now, it’s all he wants to photograph in. learn how to take advantage of low-light situations by picking the right gear (including lenses that give you wide apertures) and techniques such as using objects to block bright spots in your frame. x 21 advanced topics—problem solving in order to be a better photographer, you need to be a visual problem solver. mr. sartore, using his own career experiences, takes you through varying levels of difficult situations—such as shooting in antarctica, on a snowy road, or throughout a massive city—to illustrate the importance of mastering this skill. x 22 after the snap—workflow and organization regardless of whether you’re shooting with film or on a digital camera, you need an effective system to organize your pictures. here, get practical tips on everything from storing film negatives and naming your digital pictures to touching up your shots and archiving all of your work. x 23 editing—choosing the right image hone your editing skills by combing through groups of images to select the ones that stand out. it takes time and practice—but once you can narrow your photographs down to the best of the best, you can sharpen your critical eye and improve the way you shoot in the future. x 24 telling a story with pictures—the photo essay close out the course with a fascinating look at telling stories with your photographs. using his photo essays on alaska’s north slope; people at leech lake, minnesota; and dwindling biodiversity, mr. sartore leaves you with a greater appreciation of how photographers are not just observers but actual storytellers. x lecture titles clone content from your professor tab what's included what does each format include? video download includes: download 24 video lectures to your computer or mobile app downloadable pdf of the course guidebook free video streaming of the course from our website and mobile apps dvd includes: 24 lectures on 4 dvds 167-page printed course guidebook downloadable pdf of the course guidebook free video streaming of the course from our website and mobile apps what does the course guidebook include? course guidebook details: 167-page course synopsis photographs suggested readings photo assignments enjoy this course on-the-go with our mobile apps!* iphone + ipad android devices kindle fire tablet + firephone *courses can be streamed from anywhere you have an internet connection. standard carrier data rates may apply in areas that do not have wifi connections pursuant to your carrier contract. your professor about your professor joel sartore national geographic photographer joel sartore is a professional photographer and a regular contributor to national geographic magazine. his assignments have taken him to some of the world's most beautiful and challenging environments and have brought him face to face with a diversity of wildlife in all 50 u. s. states and all seven continents. he was recently named a national geographic fellow for his work on the photo ark, a multiyear project to document... learn more about this professor also by this professor the art of travel photography: six expert lessons national geographic masters of photography fundamentals of photography ii (set) fundamentals of photography ii & national geographic polar explorations (set) complete photography set: 4 courses (set) great tours: medieval europe & art of travel photograph (set) 7938:7931,7923,7912 (set) customs of the world & fundamentals of photography (set) 7939:7931,7923,7901 (set) fundamentals of photography & how colors affect you: what science reveals (set) 7940:7931,7912,7901 (set) fundamentals of photography & how to look at and understand great art (set) archaeology & polar explorations & masters of photography & the art of travel photography (set) fundamentals of photography & dutch masters: the age of rembrandt (set) archaeology & polar explorations & fundamentals of photography & masters of photography & wonders of the national parks (set) fundamentals of photography & from monet to van gogh: a history of impressionism (set) archaeology & polar explorations & fundamentals of photography & masters of photography & the art of travel photography & wonders of the national parks (set) fundamentals of photography &metropolitan museum of art (set) the national geographic guide to landscape and wildlife photography & fundamentals of photography (set) fundamentals of photography & worlds greatest paintings (set) the national geographic guide to landscape and wildlife photography & national geographic masters of photography (set) fundamentals of photography & the great tours: greece (set) the national geographic guide to landscape and wildlife photography & fundamentals of photography ii (set) the art of travel photography: six expert lessons & fundamentals of photography the national geographic guide to landscape and wildlife photography, fundamentals of photography, fundamentals of photography ii, national geographic masters of photography & the art of travel photography (set) the art of travel photography: six expert lessons & great tours: greece and turkey, from athens to istanbul (set) learning to play guitar & fundamentals of photography (set) the art of travel photography: six expert lessons & the great tours: experiencing medieval europe (set) the national geographic guide to birding in north america & fundamentals of photography (set) art of travel photography & customs of the world reviews fundamentals of photography is rated 4.7 out of 5 by 610. rated 5 out of 5 by aletha from joel is a great teacher. i completed the course and loved it! date published: 2018-11-16 rated 5 out of 5 by crys from thorough shot explanations and insights this course is so much more than i expected. it's not just a lesson on how to use the mechanics of your camera. it's how to use your camera as a part of you, as a part of what you are seeing and experiencing at the moment. can't wait to finish the course! date published: 2018-11-12 rated 5 out of 5 by arise from great course, should have been with a certificate this course was a mind tuner for me. the tutor joel sartore is having more than 25 years (that's what i remember !) of experience as national geographic photographer greatly share his tips and knowledge in this course. he is so well in teaching and so humble, i didn't feel any lag or non relevant minutes on hearing this course. i have wasted around 4 lectures daily and completed in 1 week. if you could give a certificate on joining with national geographic at the end og the course it should have been 1000 times worth. (please consider that). the course is really worth for this fee. thank you so much team and joel sartore ! date published: 2018-11-11 rated 4 out of 5 by racy from very professional arrangement this will greatly enhance my ability to review those photo aspects because i will have the dvd and online access forever. date published: 2018-11-05 rated 5 out of 5 by randy from better than most really good series. i enjoy the lectures very much.uch more open minded than some. date published: 2018-10-20 rated 5 out of 5 by phd31 from comprehensive this is a very well done instructional package. the presenter is articulate, funny and obviously passionate about photography. the breakdown into the separate parts is well thought out and the explanation is easy to understand and put into practice. date published: 2018-10-14 rated 5 out of 5 by jcdonelson from great course. i can' say how great this is. he points out obvious things that other instructors don't. date published: 2018-10-03 rated 5 out of 5 by mf47 from easy to understand! i am so happy i purchased this course it is easy to understand easy to follow and a real enjoyment i am learning so much! date published: 2018-09-23 fundamentals of photography reviews - page 2 y_2018, m_11, d_18, h_20 bvseo_bulk, prod_bvrr, vn_bulk_2.0.9 cp_1, bvpage1 co_hasreviews, tv_76, tr_534 loc_en_us, sid_7901, prod, sort_[sortentry(order=submission_time, direction=descending)] clientname_teachco bvseo_sdk, p_sdk, 3.2.0 cloud, getcontent, 18.02ms reviews, product questions & answers buy together as a set and save up to $15.00 fundamentals of photographythe fundamentals of travel photography choose a set format video download$88.90dvd$124.90 add to cart play video course categories better living economics & finance fine arts high school history literature & language mathematics music philosophy & intellectual history professional religion science more... best sellers professor chat podcasts gift certificates about us careers apps the great courses daily help 1-800-832-2412 customer service exchanges and returns faqs contact us lifetime guarantee accessibility sign up for exclusive offers! submit thank you! for entering your email address. this email already exists. please visit my account to manage email preferences. © the teaching company, llc. all rights reserved. site map terms & conditions privacy policy connect with us: connect: to top x video title please verify account to continue email address: password: