来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20191231233604/https://dbrand.com/about/terms-of-use
================================================================================

website terms of use » dbrand skip to main content warning messagex20% off all skins, cases & screen protectors menu dbrand skins skins skins shop all popular popular skins / popular iphone ipad macbook galaxy oneplus nintendo new new skins / new cybertruck macbook pro 16" iphone 11 pixel 4 airpods pro galaxy note 10 phones phones skins / phones apple samsung oneplus google huawei razer shop all laptops laptops skins / laptops macbook razer surface xps matebook alienware shop all gaming gaming skins / gaming nintendo switch ps4 ps4 pro ps4 slim xbox one xbox one s xbox one x shop all other other skins / other airpods airpower playstation xbox audio-technica juul shop all cases cases cases shop all iphone iphone cases / iphone 11 pro max 11 pro 11 xs max xs xr x shop all iphone samsung samsung cases / samsung note 10+ s10+ s10 s10e note 9 s9+ s9 shop all samsung oneplus oneplus cases / oneplus 7 pro 7 6t 6 shop all oneplus google pixel google pixel cases / google pixel 4 xl 4 3 xl 3 shop all pixel screen protectors screen protectors screen protectors shop all iphone iphone screen protectors / iphone 11 pro max 11 pro 11 xs max xs xr x shop all iphone oneplus oneplus screen protectors / oneplus 7 6t 6 shop all oneplus google pixel google pixel screen protectors / google pixel 4 xl 4 3 xl 3 shop all pixel gaming gaming screen protectors / gaming nintendo switch nintendo switch lite help help help email us contact installation shipping spacer account cart close menu website terms of use about our terms of use dbrand inc. ("dbrand", "we", "us", "our") welcomes you to our website. the following terms ("terms of use") govern your access and use of our website (the "website"), available at www.dbrand.com. please review these terms of use carefully. by accessing and using the website, you agree to be bound by all the terms of use set forth herein. if you do not agree with these terms of use, your sole recourse is to leave the website immediately without accessing any other pages within the website, reviewing any information on it, submitting any information to it, or otherwise uploading or downloading any contents from it. a copy of the terms of use may be downloaded, saved and printed for your reference. dbrand reserves the right at any time and from time to time to modify or discontinue, temporarily or permanently, the website (or any part thereof) with or without notice. from time to time, dbrand may also amend these terms of use by posting revisions on the website with no additional notice to you. please note that dbrand has the right to amend these terms of use at any time. you should check back frequently to see the terms of use then in effect. your continued access to and use of the website will constitute acceptance of the amended terms of use. if you do not agree with these terms of use, or any future amendments, your sole recourse is to cease use of the website. ownership / restrictions on use the website is owned and operated by dbrand. all text, data, graphics, photographs, images, audio, video, trade-marks, service marks, trade-names and other information, visual or other digital material, software (including source and object codes) and all other content of any description available on the website or available via a link from the website to a page created by dbrand on another website (collectively, the "content"), are the sole property of dbrand and are strictly reserved in dbrand’s favour. all content is protected by canadian and international copyright, trade-mark, service marks, patents, trade secrets and other laws governing property rights. the only rights to the website and content are those you receive are those granted to you pursuant to this terms of use. you are hereby granted a non-exclusive non-transferable royalty-free license to access the content on the website in order to review it and purchase any products made available for sale by dbrand. you may also access the content for informational use in order to educate yourself about dbrand, its operations and its products. as part of informational use, you are permitted to print, take screen-shots or save in adobe portable document format (pdf) any content provided that you keep intact all copyright and other proprietary notices. use of content for any purpose not expressly permitted in these terms of use is prohibited. you may not otherwise copy, reproduce, perform, distribute, display or create derivative works of the content. reproduction of multiple copies of the content, in whole or in part, for resale or distribution is strictly prohibited except with the prior written permission of dbrand. dbrand reserves the right to withhold this permission in its reasonably exercised discretion. to obtain written consent for such reproduction, please contact us at: admin@dbrand.com. registration and passwords to place an order on the website or to sign up to receive emails from us, you may be asked to complete an online registration form. in consideration of your use of the website and the services provided on it, you agree to provide true, current, complete and accurate information as requested on any registration form to which this website may direct you, and to update that registration information as soon as possible after any information on such registration form changes. as part of the registration process, you may choose a password and username. you alone are responsible for keeping that password and username confidential, and for any and all activity that occurs on this website under such password or username. in the event that you suffer any losses as a result of failing to keep your username and password confidential, you have no recourse to dbrand and dbrand hereby disclaims any and all liability in connection therewith. you agree to immediately notify dbrand of any unauthorized use of your password or username or any other breach of security. dbrand reserves the right to change its website, including sub-dividing accounts into different categories with different levels of access, benefits and privileges. dbrand also reserves the right to revoke your username and password, and otherwise deny you access to the website, in the event that you violate these terms of use (including providing any information that is inaccurate or misleading in your registration). links to third-party websites we may offer links on the website to websites, including social networking websites, owned and operated by third parties. we provide these links as a convenience to our visitors. we do not review the content of such websites, and with respect to any content, advertising, products, services or other materials on or available from such third party websites, we neither endorse it, nor are we responsible for it. you assume full responsibility for your use of third party websites. such websites will likely be governed by the terms and conditions different from those applicable to this website, and we encourage you to review the terms and privacy policies of those third parties before using their websites. we may also offer links to content created by dbrand and available on other websites. if you link to that content you are responsible for ensuring that you comply with the terms of use applicable to those websites while you are visiting them. no warranties although we strive to update and keep accurate as much as possible the content contained on the website, errors and/or omissions may occur. accordingly, your use of the website is at your own risk. all content included on or available through the website is provided to you on an "as is" and "as available" basis, without any representations or warranties of any kind, whether express or implied. without limiting the generality of the foregoing, we do not represent or warrant that: the content is accurate, reliable or correct; that the website will be available at any particular time or location. if the website is unavailable for any reason, it is your sole responsibility to request, generate and deliver access to the information contained therein by some other means; that your access to the website will be uninterrupted; that any defects or errors will be corrected; that any product or service offered for sale on the website will be fit for a particular purpose or useful in any particular situation; that the content is free of viruses or other harmful components; or that the content is timely, secure or error-free. to the maximum extent permitted by law, dbrand disclaims all warranties, including any warranties of merchantability, non-infringement and fitness for a particular purpose. because some jurisdictions do not permit the exclusion of certain warranties, these exclusions may not apply to you. products displayed on the website may not be available at all times and products and prices may be changed, and products may be substituted or discontinued at any time. while we attempt to provide an accurate description of items available for purchase on the site, we do not warrant the accuracy, completeness, reliability or currency of such descriptions. all other terms and conditions governing the purchase of any product on the website are available at the time of purchase in the terms of sale. website errors from time to time, the website may be down or otherwise unavailable due to maintenance, errors, problems or other unforeseeable causes, upgrades or other purposes. dbrand reserves the right to take the website down, or otherwise make any changes to the url or content therein, without notice to you. dbrand is not liable to you for anything (including losses, costs, fees or expenses) in connection with the website being unavailable. moreover, the information on the website may contain bugs, errors, problems or other limitations. you acknowledge that your use of the website is subject to the foregoing and dbrand hereby disclaims all liability in connection therewith. foreign servers you acknowledge that dbrand may host the website but, in so doing, may utilize servers and hosting services based outside of ontario or canada. any documents or materials uploaded to, or downloaded from the website may be stored in servers located in, and subject to, the laws of a foreign jurisdiction. such laws can include (without limiting the generality of the foregoing) criminal and administrative legal requirements relating to investigation, search and seizure. additionally, any information stored on servers located in the united states of america may be subject to search and seizure by united states federal authorities under the u.s.a patriot act and other laws of the united states relating to national security. dbrand hereby disclaims any and all liability with respect to the enforcement of foreign laws, including the patriot act. prohibited activities when accessing the website, you are specifically prohibited from doing any of the following: hacking, etc. - you shall not attempt to gain unauthorized access to any portion or feature of the website, or any other systems or networks connected to the website or to any dbrand server, or to any of the services offered on or through the website, by hacking, password "mining" or any other illegitimate means. viruses and malware - you are strictly prohibited from uploading or introducing to the website any code that contains viruses, malware, ransomware or any other computer code, files or programs designed to interrupt, destroy or limit the functionality of any software, hardware or telecommunications device. monitoring and circumventing site - you shall not use any "deep-link", "page-scrape", "robot", "spider", "agent" or other automatic device, program, algorithm or methodology, or any similar or equivalent manual process, to access, acquire, copy or monitor any portion of the website or any content, or in any way reproduce or circumvent the navigational structure or presentation of the website or any content, to obtain or attempt to obtain any materials, documents or information through any means not purposely made available through the site. dbrand reserves the right to bar any such activity. probing, etc. - you shall not probe, scan or test the vulnerability of the website or any network connected to the website, nor breach the security or authentication measures on the website or any network connected to the website. you will not reverse look-up, trace or seek to trace any information on any other user of the website, or any other customer of dbrand, including any information on a dbrand account not owned by you, to its source, or exploit the website or any service or information made available or offered by or through the website, in any way where the purpose is to reveal any information, including but not limited to personal identification or information, other than your own information, as provided for by the website. overloading site - you will not take any action that imposes an unreasonable or disproportionately large load on the infrastructure (including the bandwidth capacity) of the website or dbrand’s systems or networks, or any systems or networks connected to the website or to dbrand. interference - you shall not use any device, software or routine to interfere or attempt to interfere with the proper working of the website or any transaction being conducted on the website, or with any other person’s use of the website. harassing and stalking - you are not permitted to use the website to harass or stalk any other user, or any shareholder, director, officer, employee, contractor or representative of dbrand. disguising messages and identity - you shall not forge headers or otherwise manipulate identifiers in order to disguise the origin of any message or transmittal sent through the website where the dbrand permits such messages to be sent. you also may not disguise the origin of any product or service offered on or through the website. finally, you shall not impersonate any other individual or entity, and you shall not fraudulently hold yourself out as representing another person or entity when using the website. unlawful activity - you shall not use the website or any content or other document therein for any purpose that is contrary to any statute, regulation, by-law, rule, common law principal (whether in law or equity) or other requirement of ontario law or the laws of canada, or any purpose prohibited by these terms of use or dbrand’s privacy policy, or to solicit the performance of any such illegal activity or other activity which infringes the rights of dbrand or others. this specifically includes taking and using any personal or confidential information stored on dbrand’s servers by hacking or other means prohibited by these terms of use. limitations of liability under no circumstances will dbrand, or any shareholder, director, officer, employee, contractor or representative of dbrand, be liable for any loss, injury, claim, liability or damage of any kind resulting from your use of, or inability to use, the website, any content therein or products sold thereon. to the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, dbrand disclaims all responsibility for any loss, injury, claim, liability or damage of any kind, including direct, indirect, incidental, special, consequential or punitive damages of any kind (including, without limitation, attorneys' fees and other legal expenses) resulting from, arising out of or in any way related to your use of the website, the content therein or the products sold thereon. indemnification by using the website, you agree to defend, indemnify and hold harmless dbrand and dbrand’s employees, officers, directors, contractors and authorized representatives from any and all damages, expenses and liabilities arising from any claims, actions, causes of action, demands, mediation, arbitration or any similar proceedings , including, without limitation, reasonable legal fees and other expenses, whether in tort, contract or otherwise, relating to or arising out of your use of this website or any alleged violation by you of these terms of use. privacy dbrand respects your right to privacy of your personal information. where you provide any personal information, dbrand will retain and safeguard that information in accordance with its privacy policy. please review our privacy policy for details on the manner in which we collect, use, disclose and otherwise manage any of your personal information. trade-marks dbrand, the dbrand logo, dbrand grip, the grip logo, the it's not a product. it's a culture. slogan, the give us your money slogan, and the the most precise fit on earth slogan are registered trademarks of dbrand inc. governing law and forum you acknowledge that by using the website, you are agreeing to these terms of use. that agreement is a legally binding contract which shall be treated as though it were executed and performed in toronto, ontario, canada and governed by the laws of ontario and the laws of canada as may be applicable. that governing law will apply without regard to any principles of conflicts of law. all disputes, controversies or claims arising out of in connection with or in relation to the contract comprising these terms of use, including any question regarding its existence or validity shall be submitted to and be subject to the jurisdiction of the courts of the province of ontario (including the supreme court of canada), which shall have exclusive jurisdiction in the event of any dispute hereunder. the parties hereby irrevocably submit and attorn to the exclusive jurisdiction of such courts to finally adjudicate or determine any suit, action, or proceedings arising out of or in connection with this agreement. any such suit, action, or proceedings shall be brought to the ontario courts located in the judicial district that includes the city of toronto. you hereby waive any objections and defenses inconsistent with such venue. by using this website, you represent and warrant that your use complies with applicable law in your jurisdiction of residence. jurisdictional issues by using the website, you hereby agree as follows: compliance with ontario law - in using the website, you agree to comply with all legislation, regulations, common law requirements (including such requirements in law and equity) as may be applicable and in force pursuant to the laws of ontario and canada. currency - any monies payable pursuant to this terms of use shall be in united states dollars. actions subject to disclaimer - all actions, applications and other legal proceedings shall be subject to the limitations set forth above under the heading limitations of liability. users outside ontario - this site is controlled and operated by dbrand from its offices within the province of ontario. dbrand makes no representations or warranties that documents, or other materials from the website are appropriate or available for use outside of ontario. those who choose to access this website from other locations do so on their own initiative and are responsible for compliance with local laws, if and to the said extent local laws are applicable. general these terms of use constitute the entire agreement between you and dbrand with respect to your use of the website. for clarity, the terms and conditions governing the purchase of any product are governed by the terms of sale. if any provision of these terms of use is held to be invalid or unenforceable, such provision will be severed from the terms of use and the remaining provisions shall remain in full force and effect. notwithstanding any other provisions of these terms of use, any provision of these terms of use that imposes or contemplates continuing rights or obligations on you or us will survive the expiration or termination of these terms of use, including, without limitation, the paragraphs above under the heading "indemnification" and "limitations of liability". failure of dbrand to enforce any provision of this agreement shall not be deemed a waiver of such provision nor of the right to enforce such provision. all waivers shall be in writing. you are not permitted to assign the rights given to you pursuant to these terms of use, but dbrand may assign any of its rights to any other person or persons at any time without notice to you. for clarity, the agreement created between dbrand and you pursuant to this terms of use is one of independent contractors, and under no circumstances are you to hold yourself out as an agent, employee or representative of dbrand. notice notices to you may be made via email or some other form of electronic communication, or in cases of changes to these terms of use or to the services offered by the website, by posting notices or links to such notices on the website itself. you may send dbrand a notice by using the contact form on the website. last updated on august 1, 2019. you are herehomewebsite terms of use connect meet our robots twitter instagram discord youtube subscribe to our newsletter subscribe to our newsletter close resources shop links skins iphone skins pixel skins samsung galaxy skins oneplus skins macbook skins razer blade skins alienware skins dell xps skins surface skins ipad + pencil skins airpods skins nintendo switch skins xbox & ps4 skins audio technica skins anker skins huawei skins lenovo skins redmi & xiaomi skins phone cases iphone phone cases oneplus phone cases pixel phone cases samsung galaxy phone cases screen protectors iphone screen protectors oneplus screen protectors pixel screen protectors nintendo switch screen protectors misc links bits and bytes contact us giveaways shipping payment methods visa mastercard paypal company contact robots@dbrand.com contact us address dbrandp.o. box 98190970 queen street easttoronto, on m4m 1j0canada eod legal refund policy privacy policy website terms of use dbrand © 4019 :: all rights reserved