来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20151231101423/http://www.dermstore.com/content/content.php?content=faqs
================================================================================

dermstore ×close start your journey to lasting skin health sign up & receive expert advice & curated product selection early access to new arrivals & exclusive launches exclusive invitations to special events and perks subscribe today & save 20%* sign up offer valid for new subscribers only. promo code will be sent within 24 hours. expires 30 days from sign up. ×close × close thank you you are now subscribed to dermstore emails. be sure to check your inbox! start shopping ×close hello again! looks like you are already subscribed, welcome back. start shopping × close sorry, that’s not a valid email address. please enter your email address in the format of name@email.com submit brands professional strength skin care makeup hair care bath & body specials skin health center blog press customer service customer service order status shipping policies returns faq privacy policy discount exclusions website terms of use login free shipping & returns - details save big on hundreds of skin, hair & beauty products. shop the sale sign up & get 20% off + our skin care guide. *terms apply sign in / sign up sign in/sign up track order easy returns order history my favorites auto refill | free shipping & returns - details 0 items 0 0 items 0 brands popular brands skinceuticals avene obagi eminence jane iredale new brands bareminerals dermadoctor vi derm renessence bionova all brands professional categories cleansers & exfoliators treatments & serums moisturizers sun care professional tools & devices skin care kits & value sets top concerns acne aging skin hyperpigmentation rosacea sebaceous hyperplasia view all featured shops plastic surgery alternatives post-procedure skin care winter savings allure award winners gift sets new & now top rated bestsellers new arrivals specials gifts with purchase all professional skin care categories cleansers & exfoliators treatments & serums moisturizers sun care skin care supplements men's grooming professional tools & devices natural skin care skin care kits & value sets top concerns acne aging skin crow's feet dark spots dryness & dehydration large pores loss of firmness view all featured shops instant results travel size skin care global beauty winter savings allure award winners latina beauty natural beauty must-haves gifts for her gift sets new & now top rated bestsellers new arrivals specials gifts with purchase all skin care makeup categories face eyes lips body nails cosmetic tools makeup sets & palettes top concerns acne scars dark circles large pores sparse brows sparse eyelashes thin lips view all featured shops mineral makeup waterproof makeup corrective cosmetics natural makeup tattoo cover up allure award winners latina beauty new & now top rated bestsellers new arrivals specials gifts with purchase all makeup hair care categories shampoos conditioners hair treatments styling products styling tools men's hair care hair color hair care kits & value sets top concerns damaged hair dandruff frizzy hair hair loss & thinning hair shop by hair type featured shops anti-aging hair products curly hair products natural hair care winter savings allure award winners latina beauty gifts for her new & now top rated bestsellers new arrivals specials gifts with purchase all hair care bath & body categories bath & shower lotions & oils body treatments hair removal sun care hands & feet baby & mom fragrance oral care body kits & value sets top concerns cellulite eczema keratosis pilaris psoriasis razor bumps scars stretch marks varicose & spider veins view all featured shops beauty food & supplements aromatherapy winter savings allure award winners gifts for her gifts for baby gift sets new & now top rated bestsellers new arrivals specials gifts with purchase all bath & body specials winter savings sale expert advice skin health center blog home / frequently asked questions customer service order status shipping policies returns faqs privacy policy discount exclusions website terms of use frequently asked questions discounts and promotions why isn't my promo code working? promo codes can be specific to dates, products or minimum total amount. all promotional offers, emails and sales, including the favorites 10% off discount cannot be combined with any other offer and excludes all sale items. if you are experiencing an error with your promo code please refer to the email or website and look for the following: expiration date, excluded brands, spend requirement. there are some brand exclusions with our offers, to learn more about brand exclusions please click here. for questions or assistance with a promo code please contact customer service at 1-800-213-derm (3376). what is a promo code and how do i get one? promo codes work the same way as online coupons. dermstore account holders that sign up for a free account regularly receive emails with discounts and promotional specials. if you would like to receive dermstore emails, please sign up for a free account and you will be added to our mailing list. orders and shipping do you charge sales tax? as of october 2, 2013 dermstore is now collecting sales tax in all states. an estimated sales tax will appear in your cart, your actual sales tax will be in your order confirmation email as well as on your packing slip that will be included in your shipment. how do i know my credit card information is protected on your site? at dermstore we take your security seriously and go above and beyond to protect your information. your credit card information is transmitted to us through a highly secure ssl connection, which cannot be intercepted. once in our system your credit card information is encrypted, meaning no one has access to that information at any time. we are under a strict quarterly security audit and purge all credit card information after 60 days. if i save my credit card information in my account is it safe? your auto-checkout credit card information is encrypted and protected by a password for your security. to ensure your information is never stolen, your password decryption only shows a portion of your credit card information meaning that if your password is stolen your information is still safe in our system. where is my order? you may check the status of your order instantly with dermstore's convenient order status page. when will my backordered item ship? to see if your backorder has shipped, please check dermstore's order status page. if it has not yet shipped, you may contact dermstore customer service via email at service@dermstore.com or you may call our toll-free number, 1-800-213-derm (3376). how can i track my order? we provide tracking information in your shipment confirmation email that is sent out once your item has been shipped. you can also view this information online in your account under "track an order". how do i change an item in my order? if your order has not yet shipped, you may change your credit card information by contacting dermstore customer service at our toll-free number, 1-800-213-derm (3376). how will i know when my order has been shipped? dermstore will email a shipment confirmation that details your order and shipment date. how long will it take for my order to arrive once it's shipped? delivery time will depend upon the shipping method, please see our shipping information page for more information. with all shipping methods, your tracking is available via your account online or by calling customer service. if i have items on backorder can i change the order? yes, if your order has not shipped, you may make changes to your backorder by contacting dermstore customer service via email at service@dermstore.com or you may call our toll-free number, 1-800-213-derm (3376). you may also add or remove products from your order by logging into your account. once you have logged in, go to "order history" then click the "would you like to change this order?" link. you'll be directed to a page that allows you to add or remove any item you wish. what does "out of stock" mean? out of stock means dermstore does not currently have inventory for the item. in most cases, the item has been ordered and is on its way to our warehouse. the estimated time of arrival is often dependent on the manufacturer. at which point do you charge my credit card for my order? dermstore charges your credit card at the time your order actually ships. how can i cancel my order? if your order has not yet shipped, you may cancel your order by logging into your account. once you have logged in, go to "order history" then click the "would you like to change this order?" link. you'll be directed to a page that presents a summary of your order. simply click the "cancel" link at the bottom of the page and your order will be immediately canceled. a refund is not necessary as dermstore does not charge your credit card until your order has shipped. some of the items in my order are out of stock. can i have the available items shipped now and the backordered items shipped later? yes, dermstore will ship the in stock items immediately and the backordered items will ship as soon as they are available. what if i gave the wrong shipping address or i'm not going to be where my automatic refill is normally shipped? dermstore offers an address change or shipment interception service for packages shipped via ups ground and ups 2 day. this service is $11 and is offered within 2 hours of placing your order. to update your shipping address please contact customer service at 1-800-213-derm (3376). i noticed an additional item was added to my cart after i checked out. what can i do if i added this to my cart on accident? we do not add anything to your cart without your approval. occasionally, we will offer a special promotion after you have checked out on our website. this offer will require you to select "yes, please" or "no, thanks" before an item is added to your cart. if nothing is selected or "no, thanks" is selected, the item will not be added to your cart and you will not be charged. if you see an item on your order you accidentally added or no longer want, please contact customer service at 1-800-213-derm (3376) as soon as possible so that they can update your order and refund if necessary. how do i redeem my store credit? on our checkout page, under "payment information" select "gift card" instead of "credit card" in the payment toggle. enter your gift card number and pin and select check out. if there is a balance due you will be asked to enter your credit card information as well. does my store credit expire? no, store credits never expire. but they do get forgotten... so while you're thinking about it check out what's new on dermstore! magazine offers how does the magazine offer work? depending on how much you spend, you can qualify for up to 3 magazines per order. for more detailed information on how much you need to spend to qualify, add items to your cart and click on the magazines. this will take you to the magazine product page that will provide you details for the minimum amounts you need to spend to qualify for additional magazines. depending on your qualifying purchase, a magazine subscription(s) is included with your purchase. this is a special bonus included with your qualifying purchase and you will not be billed for this subscription(s). this subscription(s) will not automatically renew and your credit card information will not be shared with anyone for this offer. valid while supplies last. if your magazine(s) is no longer available, it may be replaced with a magazine of similar content and value. you can cancel at any time. limit one subscription per magazine, per household. new subscribers only. please allow 8 – 16 weeks for delivery of the first issue. offer available to customers within the 50 united states only. if you prefer not to receive a magazine, you may request a refund within 30 days of your qualifying purchase for the stated value of the subscription by following the instructions on this form. once a customer receives a refund, they will no longer be eligible for any additional magazines or refunds. what are the terms and conditions of the refund? customers must meet all requirements listed in these terms & conditions to be eligible for a refund. please review carefully. limit 1 refund per household. you may request a refund for the stated value of the magazine within 30 days of your qualifying purchase. if you opted out of the magazine offer before placing your order, you do not qualify for a refund. requests for a refund must be postmarked within 30 days of qualifying purchase. please call 1-800-258-3350 to verify your mailing address within 30 days of your qualifying purchase. be sure to include a copy of your order confirmation page or packaging slip as proof of your purchase along with this completed form. originals submitted will not be returned. no liability is assumed for late, lost or damaged mail request that fail to be delivered to the address stated on this refund form. failure to submit any of the required documents and call and verify your mailing address within 30 days of your qualifying purchase will result in an invalid submission. any disputed claim will require resubmission of documents. we do not notify customers if their refund submission has been declined. please allow 6-8 weeks for processing. offer available to customers within the 50 united states only. once a customer receives a refund, they will no longer be eligible for any additional magazines or refunds. illegible or incomplete requests will not be honored. void where prohibited or restricted. quantities may be limited and offer may be withdrawn without notice. valid while supplies last. international as of september 24, 2013 dermstore no longer ships products internationally. we apologize for any inconvenience. returns how do i receive authorization for a return? to receive authorization for a return you can log into your account and click on easy returns, or contact dermstore customer service at 1-800-213-derm (3376). i used paypal to make my purchase, and have since returned/canceled an item, why haven't i been refunded? at dermstore all refunds are issued within 48 hours of the request, or product being received back to our warehouse. if you haven't received your refund back from paypal it may be because you used a credit card to make your payment. paypal states on their site that it can take up to 30 days for the refund to appear on your statement. please be patient, if you have additional questions feel free to contact the paypal help department online at https://www.paypal.com/selfhelp/home. what is your return policy? for dermstore's return policy, please see our convenient return policy page. i didn't receive a full refund on my return. why? at dermstore we work hard to get you your money fast, however in order to get returns processed quickly we do charge fees for packages that slow us down. there is a $15 service charge for refused packages. also, shipping is non-refundable. please see our shipping information page for more details. if i place an order with multiple payment types how will i be refunded? if a gift card or store credit was used for a purchase with a credit card, and an item is returned, the amount paid with store credit or a gift card will be refunded first. if there is an additional balance due, it will be returned to the secondary form of payment. are gift card purchases refundable? all gift card purchases are final. gift cards cannot be returned or exchanged. non-refundable if lost or stolen. product information i previously ordered a product from dermstore, but can no longer find that product on your website. what happened? if you cannot locate a previously ordered item, it may have been discontinued, repackaged, renamed, or replaced. please contact dermstore customer service via email at service@dermstore.com or you may call our toll-free number, 1-800-213-derm (3376) for further information. what is an excluded brand? we pride ourselves in being an authorized retailer with strong relationships with our vendors. we make it a point to respect their policies and only offer exclusive sales for some brands. for a list of excluded brands click here. we adhere to these exclusions in order to continue to carry these brands on our website. we apologize for any inconvenience. from the excluded brands list, which brands are eligible for the "my favorites" and review discounts? dermalogica, perricone md, jurlique, essie, butter london, avene, rene furterer, klorane, glytone, skinceuticals, jane iredale. is clinical, le metier de beaute, leonor greyl, la bella donna, it cosmetics, devacurl, too faced, sarahpotempa, clarity rx, gorgeous cosmetics, apothia los angeles, pangea organics, skin medica, t3, dr denese, julien farel, colorscience, sachajuan, and sunday riley have all agreed to participate in our my favorites and review programs. they are still excluded from all other offers and promotions. we apologize for any inconvenience. can i request specific samples? although we cannot provide individualized requests, we pride ourselves on offering samples from many of our leading brands. we change our sample offerings regularly so there are always new products for you to try. email marketing i received an email stating that there was an "address problem" with my order. what does this mean? address problems may refer to a variety of situations. we recommend contacting dermstore customer service via email at service@dermstore.com or you may call our toll-free number, 1-800-213-derm (3376) to resolve the situation. what if i don't receive a shipment confirmation? dermstore recommends you log in to your account to verify shipment. you may also confirm shipment by contacting dermstore customer service via email at service@dermstore.com or by calling our toll-free number, 1-800-213-derm (3376). what if i don't receive an order confirmation? dermstore recommends you log in to your account to confirm your order has been received. clicking on your order history link will list all of the purchases you have made. you may also verify we have received your order by contacting dermstore customer service via email at service@dermstore.com or by calling our toll-free number, 1-800-213-derm (3376). why am i receiving emails from dermstore? we frequently feature special offers and promotions, including reduced shipping rates and gifts with purchase, for our returning customers. there is often a promo code included to enter in during checkout. how do i unsubscribe from your emails? if you would like to be taken off of our mailing list and stop receiving promotional emails, you may unsubscribe here. you may also update this information via your email preference center located in your account online under "your account information". i have unsubscribed, why am i still receiving emails from your company? we apologize for the inconvenience. while you may have unsubscribed one email address from our marketing emails, there are other reasons why you might be receiving email. below are some helpful tips to ensure you are 100% unsubscribed. have you logged into your account and deactivated your 'my favorites reminder' email? exactly where did you try to unsubscribe? was it a link from the bottom of an email? sometimes email links will only unsubscribe you from a specific type of marketing email. please go to http://www.dermstore.com/account/opt_out.php to unsubscribe from all marketing emails. what email address are the emails coming to? you may have multiple accounts set up with us without knowing. please ensure you have unsubscribed all email addresses. when did you unsubscribe? our system can take up to 72 hours to update and stop sending emails. what emails are being sent? there are some transactional emails that are important to your account and that do not have an unsubscribe option. emails regarding writing a review, back orders, shipping confirmations, are a few examples. how do i unsubscribe from receiving "my favorites" emails? if you already have your my favorites memorized and don't need a reminder on when to shop, here are quick directions on how to unsubscribe. log into your account. click on "your favorites". at the bottom of the page there is an option that states "send my reminder email every", select the "don't send" option. the system will automatically update. programs what is the auto refills program? when you choose our auto refill program, you'll never run out of your favorite products--they'll be shipped to you automatically every 30 or 60 or 90 days. as an added bonus, you'll receive your 5th refill free. and, as always, shipping is on us! learn more. how do i modify the frequency or temporarily stop my auto refills? it's easy. simply log in to your account on dermstore.com. click on the "manage your automatic refills" link. you will see a list of the products enrolled in automatic refills. if you would like to change the frequency of shipments, choose the drop-down menu under "modify" and select a frequency (ie. 30, 60, or 90 days). if you are going out of town and would like to stop your shipments temporarily, choose the drop-down menu under "modify" and select "hold." remember to press the "save changes" button. please note: any change to your shipment must be made prior to the ship date. how do i cancel my auto refills? it's easy. simply log in to your account on dermstore.com. click on the "manage your automatic refills" link. you will see a list of the products enrolled in automatic refills. select the "cancel" option on the right. remember to press the "save changes" button. please note: any change to your shipment must be made prior to the ship date. how do i change my credit card information for my auto refills? the credit card used for your auto refills is the credit card you have on file with dermstore. if you would like to change/update your credit card information, click here. what if i gave the wrong shipping address or i'm not going to be where my automatic refill is normally shipped? dermstore offers an address change or shipment interception service for packages shipped via ups ground and ups 2 day. this service is $11 and is offered within 2 hours of placing your order. to update your shipping address please contact customer service at 1-800-213-derm (3376). how does your refer a friend program work? for more information about our refer a friend program see our about page. why am i unable to review a product? any one customer can only review any one product once to receive their 15% off discount code. if you have already reviewed an item, you are not eligible for a second 15% off review discount code. if you purchase a product frequently and want to save you may add products to your my favorites list and receive 10% off*. when does my beautyfix monthly subscription ship? beautyfix ships the first week of each month. if you'd like to cancel your monthly subscription, you have until the last day of the prior month. general how do i change my password? in order to change your password please log into your account online. once logged in, scroll to "your account information" and click on "edit" underneath "contact information", enter your new password in the required fields and select "update information". your password will be updated immediately. how do i update my billing or shipping information online? in order to update your billing or shipping information online start by logging into your account online. once logged in, scroll to "your account information" and click on "edit" underneath "billing information" or "shipping information", enter your updated information in the required fields and select "update information". please note this will be updated for future purchases and auto refills, if you have just placed an order it will not be applied to the current purchase you will need to contact customer service to complete that process. how do i create a dermstore account online? signing up for a dermstore account is free and easy. click here to get started. what if my question isn't addressed in your faq? you are always welcome to contact dermstore's award-winning customer service team via email at service@dermstore.com or you may call our toll-free number, 1-800-213-derm (3376) and we will be happy to assist you. how do i check my gift card balance? click here to see your gift card balance. product recall our mission providing safe products is a top priority at dermstore. we make every effort to ensure a product's performance and safety meets our high standards before being sold on our site. product recalls for your convenience, and in cooperation with governmental and regulatory agencies, dermstore maintains a list of products that have been recalled that we may have sold or are currently in the process of taking down. the recall information provided is based on manufacturers' and governmental agencies' press releases that involve products sold only through dermstore.com. skin care hair care cosmetics body product safety resources we believe that cooperation among regulators, manufacturers and retailers is the only way to find solutions to issues of quality assurance and product safety; we're committed to being a productive part of that effort. below you can find more information about california prop 65. california proposition 65 product safety & recalls we're committed to providing you and your family with outstanding quality and unparalleled safety. here's where you can find information about how, why and what to do if a product is recalled. what is a product recall? when a governmental agency announces a recall of a product that is believed to be defective or potentially harmful to consumers, or when dermstore is notified of a recall by a manufacturer or by a governmental agency, we take immediate action to initiate our rapid-response plan for handling recalled product. what types of recalls are posted on dermstore.com? only items sold on dermstore.com are posted on dermstore.com. see the current recall list posted on dermstore.com. for a complete list of all recalled products, please refer to the agency websites at: recalls.gov u.s. consumer product safety commission (cpsc) u.s. food and drug administration (fda) how long do recalls last? recalls are indefinite; they do not expire. regardless of when you learn about a product recall, you should confirm that you do indeed have a recalled product. guests should refer to the appropriate agency website for current and historical recall information, and then follow the detailed instructions included in the recall notice. what should customers do if they have a recalled product? customers should follow the manufacturer's directions that are outlined in the recall notice. contact information for a manufacturer is typically provided within the recall notice. additional information pertaining to a recall can generally be found by visiting the manufacturer's website. how can i be directly notified of all consumer product recalls? you can sign up to receive email alerts for recalled products directly from www.recalls.gov. please note that by clicking on the link above, you will be accessing information from that agency's website and will be subject to the policies of that site. how can i find out if i have recalled product? information about recalled products sold on dermstore.com are available online on our product recalls page. information regarding all consumer product recalls can also be found online at www.recalls.gov. please note that by clicking on the link above, you will be accessing information from that agency's website and will be subject to the policies of that site. who do guests contact for questions regarding recalled product sold at dermstore.com? specific questions may be directed to the manufacturer. however, if you have additional questions you may also contact: dermstore at 1.800.213.3376 or email us at service@dermstore.com. if one item from a specific manufacturer is recalled, does that mean all items from that manufacturer are potentially unsafe? no, when a recall is issued it applies only to the specific product identified in the recall announcement and not to all products produced by that manufacturer. recall announcements may only affect items produced during certain time periods, for certain model numbers or lot numbers. please refer to the agency recall notice for detailed information. if i purchased a recalled product from dermstore.com, can i return the product and receive a refund or store credit? customers who wish to return recalled product will be accommodated with a refund, store credit or exchange. the outcome is dependent on available replacement product and the time between your order date and the date of the recall. there may be some exceptions to this policy. company about us dermstore spa testimonials press affiliates customer service customer service faqs order status shipping information product recall magazine offers my account auto refill my favorites order history refer a friend returns new subscribers receive 20% off follow us on copyright © 2015 dermstore.com. all rights reserved. site map privacy and security terms of use company about us dermstore spa testimonials affiliates customer service customer service faqs order status shipping information product recall magazine offers my account auto refill my favorites order history refer a friend returns new subscribers receive 20% off follow us on join now 20% off your next order + free shipping expires 30 days from signup. for new subscribers only. brand exclusions apply. join now welcome and thank you! you are now subscribed. welcome and thank you! our records indicate that you've already subscribed once. join now oops, an error occurred. please try adding your email address again. join now