来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20171228022351/https://www.dermstore.com/content/content.php?content=policies&show=privacy
================================================================================

dermstore ×close enjoy 20% savings on your entire order!* sign me up *offer valid for new subscribers only. ×close × close thank you you are now subscribed to dermstore emails. be sure to check your inbox for your special savings code! start shopping ×close hello again! thanks for resubscribing. welcome back! start shopping × close sorry, that’s not a valid email address. please enter your email address in the format of name@email.com submit dermstore brands skin care cleansers & exfoliators moisturizers serums sun care value sets tools & devices all skin care makeup foundation concealer eye makeup lip makeup face makeup mascara palettes & sets all makeup hair care shampoo conditioner styling tools styling products hair treatments all hair care bath & body lotions & oils bath & shower body treatments hair removal baby & mom fragrance oral care value sets all bath & body natural skin care makeup hair care bath & body all natural rewards sign up to earn points towards discounts on your favorite brands and products! learn more join now sale skin health center blog press customer service customer service order status shipping policies returns faq privacy policy discount exclusions website terms of use call us 1800-213-derm(3376) log in free shipping & returns - details save 20% on all jan marini. shop now *sale ends 7/15. save 20% sitewide with code fourth. shop now *sale ends 7/9 earn rewards log in / sign up log in / sign up track order easy returns order history my favorites dermstore subscriptions 0 items 0 0 items 0 brands popular brands clarisonic drunk elephant elta md eminence harry josh jane iredale obagi pca skin skinceuticals skinmedica view all new brands h2o+ beauty best bronze dermaflash soleil toujours dphue library of flowers lilah b show beauty eltamd uv elements broad spectrum spf 44 skin care categories cleansers & exfoliators serums moisturizers sun care tools & devices kits & sets dermatologist approved natural skin care view all shop by concern acne aging skin crow's feet dark spots dryness large pores loss of firmness view all shop by treatments top rated blog 5 dermatologist tips for managing rosacea makeup face foundation concealer blush face powder bb and cc creams primer highlighter bronzer makeup remover setting spray eyes eyeshadow eyebrow makeup mascara lash and brow enhancer eye primer false lashes lips lipstick lip liner lip gloss and stains lip plumper lip balms & treatments more tools & brushes nails sets & kits view all hair care categories shampoo dry shampoo conditioner natural products hair treatments styling products hair loss products tools & brushes kits & sets view all shop by hair type coarse colored curly dry fine normal oily more top rated new arrivals travel size blog 9 natural hair care brands you haven’t tried yet (but should) bath & body categories baby & mom bath & shower lotions & oils body treatments sun care hands & feet fragrance beauty supplements kits & sets view all personal care deodorant hair removal oral care shop by concern cellulite eczema razor bumps stretch marks view all blog how to get a beach body natural now trending 100% pure drunk elephant eminence herbivore juice beauty korres luzern this works ursa major youth to the people skin care cleansers & exfoliators serums moisturizers face sun care skin care kits bath and body baby & mom bath & shower lotions & oils fragrance beauty food & supplements makeup face makeup eye makeup lip makeup makeup sets hair care shampoo conditioner hair treatments styling products hair care kits blog men categories shaving & grooming moisturizers & treatments cleansers & exfoliators hair products body care kits & sets view all shop by concerns acne aging skin hypersensitive skin hair loss & thinning hair ingrown hairs razor bumps scars view all blog rob lowe unveils his skin care solution for men specials specials sale gifts with purchase beautyfix limited-time offers expert advice expert advice skin health center blog videos reviews home / privacy policy customer service order status shipping policies returns faqs privacy policy discount exclusions website terms of use privacy policy at dermstore llc, we want you to know how we collect, use, share and protect information about you. by interacting with dermstore.com you consent to use of information that is collected or submitted as described in this privacy policy. we may change or add to this privacy policy, so we encourage you to review it periodically. to help you track the changes, we include a history of changes below. dermstore llc is a wholly-owned subsidiary of target corporation ("target"). what personal information is collected? types of personal information we collect include: your name your mailing and billing address your email address your phone (or mobile) number your credit/debit card number your purchase/return/exchange information your date of birth or age information you provide when you create an account or take the glow by dermstore quiz automated information collection dermstore.com cookies we and our service providers use cookies, web beacons, and other technologies to receive and store certain types of information whenever you interact with our website through your computer or mobile device. this information, which includes the pages you visit on our site, which web address you came from, the type of browser/device/hardware you are using, purchase information and checkout process, search terms and ip-based geographic location, helps us customize your website experience and make our marketing messages more relevant. this includes content presented on another website or mobile application. this information also allows us to provide features such as storage of items in your cart between visits. in order to provide the best customer experience possible, we also use this information for reporting and analysis purposes, such as how you are shopping our website, performance of our marketing efforts, and your response to those marketing efforts. third-party cookies dermstore.com participates in online behavioral advertising (oba), also known as interest-based advertising. we use third-party advertising companies to display ads tailored to your individual interests based on how you browse and shop online. we allow third-party companies to collect certain information when you visit our website and to use that information to serve ads for dermstore.com products or services or for the products or services of other companies when you visit this website or other websites. these companies use non-personally identifiable information (e.g., click stream information, browser type, time and date, subject of advertisements clicked or scrolled over, hardware/software information, cookie and session id) and personally identifiable information (e.g. ip address) during your visits to this and other websites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services likely to be of greater interest to you. these parties typically use a cookie or a third party web beacon to collect this information. at this time, we do not respond to browser "do not track" signals, but we do provide you the option to opt out of behavioral advertising. to learn more about this behavioral advertising practice or to opt-out of this type of advertising, visit the network advertising initiative website or digital advertising alliance website. user experience information in order to improve customer online shopping experience, help with fraud identification, and to assist our customer representatives in resolving issues customers may experience in completing online purchases, we use tools to monitor certain user experience information; including login information, ip address, data regarding pages visited and ads clicked specific actions taken on pages visited (e.g. information entered during checkout process), and browser information. social media widgets dermstore.com includes social media features, such as the facebook like button, google plus, pinterest, twitter, and instagram widgets. these features may collect information about your ip address and which page you're visiting on our site, and they may set a cookie to make sure the feature functions properly. social media features and widgets are either hosted by a third party or hosted directly on our site. your interactions with those features are governed by the privacy policies of the companies that provide them. information from other sources we collect data that's publicly available. for example, information you submit in a public forum (e.g. a blog, chat room, or social network) can be read, collected, or used by us and others, and could be used to personalize your experience. you are responsible for the information you choose to submit in these instances. we also obtain information provided by a third party. for instance, we obtain information from companies that can enhance our existing customer information to improve the accuracy and add to the information we have about our customers (for example, adding address information). this improves our ability to contact you and increases the relevance of our marketing by providing better product recommendations or special offers that may interest you. how is your information used? examples of how we use the information we collect include: product and service fulfillment fulfill and manage purchases, orders, payments, returns/exchanges, or requests for information about our products and services on our website, or mobile website, or to otherwise serve you connect with customer service via our contact center, customer or on social media platforms provide services such as gift registry or a shopping list administer sweepstakes, surveys, and contests our marketing purposes deliver coupons, newsletters, receipt messages, emails, mobile messages, social media notifications, and marketing or advertising on social media sites, such as your facebook news feed provide interactive features of the website such as product reviews, comments and testimonials, and other information regarding products, services and promotions administer promotions, surveys, and focus groups internal operations improve the effectiveness of our website and marketing efforts conduct research and analysis, including focus groups and surveys perform other business activities as needed, or as described elsewhere in this policy fraud prevention to prevent fraudulent transactions, monitor against theft and otherwise protect our customers and our business legal compliance for example, assist law enforcement and respond to legal/regulatory inquiries how is your information shared? dermstore.com and target we share the information we collect within dermstore.com and target, which includes all target subsidiaries and affiliates. dermstore.com and target may use this information to offer you products and services that may be of interest to you. target owns and operates target stores and target web sites, and issues the target debit card. target subsidiaries and affiliates include, but are not limited to: target bank, target canada, target commercial interiors, tcc cooking co. (cooking.com and chef's catalog) and dermstore llc. service providers we may share the information we collect with companies that provide support services to us (such as conducting surveys, sweepstakes, or contests, analytics providers, web hosting providers, call center service providers, payment processors) or that help us market our products and services. these companies may need information about you in order to perform their functions. these companies are not authorized to use the information we share with them for any other purpose. legal requirements we may disclose information we collect when we believe disclosure is appropriate to comply with the law; to enforce or apply applicable terms and conditions and other agreements; or to protect the rights, property or safety of our company, our customers or others. sharing with other companies (for their marketing purposes) we may share your personal information with other companies, or organizations which are not part of dermstore.com. these companies and organizations may use the information we share to provide special offers and opportunities to you. to opt out of our sharing of your personal information with such companies and organizations go to the choice section of this privacy policy. sharing aggregate information with third parties we may share aggregate information (information that does not directly identify an individual) with third parties for lawful purposes. business transfers if some or all of our business assets are sold or transferred, we may transfer the corresponding information regarding our customers. we also may retain a copy of that customer information. what choices do you have? postal mail if you do not wish to receive catalogs, coupons, and other promotional mail, contact us or call 1-800-213-derm (3376) to opt out. email if you do not wish to receive promotional emails from us, contact us or call 1-800-213-derm (3376) to opt out. you may still receive emails from us if you have requested them without registering for an account through one of our services such as favorites emails. you can discontinue these emails by canceling your subscription to these services. you also have the ability to unsubscribe to promotional emails via the opt out link included in each promotional email. sharing with other companies (for their marketing purposes) if you do not wish us to share the personal information we have collected with other unaffiliated companies (for their marketing purposes), contact us or call to opt out. cookies the help function of your browser should contain instructions to set your computer to accept all cookies, to notify you when a cookie is issued, or to not receive cookies at any time. if you set your computer to not receive cookies at any time, certain personalized services cannot be provided to you, and accordingly, you may not be able to take full advantage of all of the dermstore features (i.e. you will be able to browse the site, but will not be able to make a purchase). third party cookies to opt out of third-party cookies, visit the network advertising initiative website and the digital advertising alliance website other web site analytics services - for example, google analytics provides services that analyze information regarding visits to dermstore.com. they use cookies and web beacons to collect this information. to learn about google analytics privacy practices or to opt out of cookies set to facilitate reporting, click here. california residents if you are a california resident and have an established business relationship with us, you can request a notice disclosing the categories of personal information we have shared with third parties, for the third parties' direct marketing purposes, during the preceding calendar year. to request a notice, please submit your request to: dermstore.com shine the light inquiry 1960 e. grand ave. 6th fl. el segundo, ca 90245 please allow 30 days for a response. how do you access and update your personal information? in order to keep your personal information accurate and complete, you can access or update some of it in the following ways: if you have created an account, you can log in and update your account information using the "edit this information" link within your account. contact us at 1-800-213-derm (3376) with your current contact information and the personal information you would like to access. we will provide you the personal information requested if reasonably available, or will describe the types of personal information we typically collect. how is your personal information protected? security methods we maintain administrative, technical and physical safeguards to protect your personal information. when we collect or transmit sensitive information such as a credit or debit card number, we use industry standard methods to protect that information. however, no e-commerce solution, website, database or system is completely secure or "hacker proof." you are also responsible for taking reasonable steps to protect your personal information against unauthorized disclosure or misuse. email security "phishing" is a scam designed to steal your personal information. if you receive an email that looks like it is from us asking you for your personal information, do not respond. we will never request your password, user name, credit card information or other personal information through email. children's personal information we recognize the particular importance of protecting privacy where children are involved. we do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information online from children under the age of 13. if a child under the age of 13 has provided us with personally identifiable information online, we ask that a parent or guardian contact us or call 1-800-213-derm (3376). how do you contact dermstore? mail: dermstore 1960 e. grand ave. 6th fl. el segundo, ca 90245 phone: 1-800-213-derm (3376) email: service@dermstore.com privacy policy scope our website may offer links to other sites. if you visit one of these sites, you may want to review the privacy policy on that site. in addition, you may have visited our website through a link or a banner advertisement on another site. in such cases, the site you linked from may collect information from people who click on the banner or link. you may want to refer to the privacy policies on those sites to see how they collect and use this information. privacy policy revisions this history of changes begins as of december 2013. last update: 12/31/2013 company about us dermstore spa testimonials press affiliates brand submissions egift cards customer service customer service faqs about rewards order status shipping information product recall my account dermstore subscriptions my rewards my favorites order history refer a friend returns new subscribers receive 20% off follow us on copyright © 2017 dermstore.com. all rights reserved. site map privacy and security terms of use company about us dermstore spa testimonials affiliates brand submissions egift cards customer service customer service faqs about rewards order status shipping information product recall my account dermstore subscriptions my rewards my favorites order history refer a friend returns new subscribers receive 20% off follow us on join now 20% off your next order + free shipping expires 30 days from signup. for new subscribers only. brand exclusions apply. join now welcome and thank you! you are now subscribed. welcome and thank you! our records indicate that you've already subscribed once. join now oops, an error occurred. please try adding your email address again. join now