来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20221231130727/https://www.dermstore.com/help-center.list
================================================================================

help center - dermstore skip to main content us - usd change dermstore us search for a product or brand... account login register my favorites your orders your auto-replenishments your referrals 0 0 cart there are currently no items in your cart continue shopping use the tab key or shift plus tab keys to move between the menu items. use the enter key to expand submenu items. back brands 0-9 100% pure 111skin 3lab a act+acre advanced skin technology african botanics agent nateur alchimie forever allies of skin alpha-h alterna alurx amarte ameliorate angela caglia skincare anthony aquis arcona arquiste parfumeur augustinus bader avène b babor baby foot bareminerals beautyblender beautyfix beauty ora beautystat cosmetics best of dermstore bioderma bioeffect bioelements biopelle blondme bloomeffects boscia briogeo by terry c cannaluxe carrière frères caudalie cellex-c chantecaille charlotte mensah chris collins christophe robin clarityrx clark's botanicals colbert md colorescience coola cosmedix cosrx cover fx cowshed d dame david mallett dcl dermatologic cosmetic laboratories dermablend dermadoctor dermaflash dermalogica dermaquest dermelect dermstore collection devacurl dhc dime beauty co doctor rogers restore dphue dr. brandt dr. hauschka dr. loretta dr. zenovia dr dennis gross e elemis elizabeth arden ellis brooklyn eltamd elvie embryolisse emepelle emerginc eminence organic skin care emma hardie emuaid epara epicuren discovery epionce erborian espa estee lauder eve lom evolis professional evolvh exuviance eyeko f fekkai fillerina filorga first aid beauty follain foreo fur g ghd glamglow glasshouse fragrances glo science glo skin beauty gloss moderne glowbiotics glyderm glytone goldfaden md grande cosmetics grow gorgeous grown alchemist guinot h hairmax harry josh pro tools herbivore botanicals hermetica holifrog hot tools hum nutrition hydropeptide i ilia ilike organic skin care illamasqua illuminare iluminage image skincare indie lee is clinical isdin j jack black jade roller beauty james read tan jane iredale jan marini jenny patinkin joanna vargas josie maran jouer cosmetics juice beauty k kai kate somerville kayo body care kevyn aucoin kjaer weis klorane koh gen do korres l lancer skincare la roche-posay lashfood lelo leonor greyl lightstim liquides imaginaires living proof lumira luzern laboratories m mama mio marvis toothpaste and oral care mason pearson mdsolarsciences me medik8 memo paris michael todd beauty mio miriam quevedo molton brown murad myvitamins mz skin n natura bissé naturopathica neocutis neom neostrata nest fragrances neulash nion beauty nioxin nuface nuori nurse jamie nydg skincare o obagi olaplex olga lorencin skin care omorovicza one love organics oribe osmosis beauty ouidad oxygenetix p pai skincare patchology patricks paula's choice pca skin perricone md peter thomas roth pevonia botanica philip b. philip kingsley phyto phytomer pmd priori skincare q quasarmd r r+co r+co bleu rahua raincry rapidlash refa rejuvi ren clean skincare rené furterer replenix reverie revision skincare revitalash cosmetics révive skincare rita hazan rms beauty rodial róen rosacea care s sachajuan sanitas skincare seen sensica senté shhhowercap shiseido sigma beauty sk-ii skinceuticals skin gym skin inc supplement bar skinmedica skin regimen skinstitut skyn iceland slip smartfx smashbox smile makers smith & cult sol de janeiro soleil toujours somme institute south seas skincare st. tropez stila cosmetics strivectin sulwhasoo sunday riley suntegrity skincare supergoop!® supersmile susanne kaufmann t t3 tarte cosmetics the beauty chef the good patch the light salon the nue co. the organic pharmacy the route this works toppik tracie martyn tripollar trudon tula skincare u u beauty ultraluxe unite hair unsun ursa major v vapour beauty veneffect veronique gabai verso vichy vi derm virtue vita liberata vivant skin care vivierskin vmv hypoallergenics volition beauty w wander beauty weleda wrinkles schminkles y yon-ka youngblood mineral cosmetics z ziip beauty zutta browse by brands brands home skinceuticals eltamd skinmedica obagi is clinical eminence organic skin care revision skincare neocutis oribe sunday riley pca skin concern concern home acne acne scars aging skin blackheads dark circles dark spots rosacea oil control irritated skin large pores stretch marks wrinkles skin type skin type home acne-prone skin sensitive skin dry skin mature skin combination skin oily skin normal skin ingredient ingredient home vitamin c hyaluronic acid retinol antioxidants zinc oxide niacinamide peptides glycolic acid vitamin a vitamin e lactic acid new featured brands new featured brands home u beauty isdin chantecaille augustinus bader sulwhasoo me iluminage ghd medik8 collection collection home allure award winners conscious beauty dermatologist approved dermstore exclusive female-founded brands save with auto replenishment wellness bestsellers skin care skin care home cleansers & exfoliators cleansers & exfoliators home cleansers exfoliants, peels & scrubs toners & mist face wash makeup remover men's cleansers & exfoliators treatments and serums treatments and serums home face serums face masks neck cream wrinkle cream acne treatment dark spot corrector moisturizers moisturizers home face moisturizer face oils night cream tinted moisturizer essences men's moisturizers & treatments eye care eye care home eye cream & moisturizers eye treatments & serums eye masks lip care lip care home lip balms & treatments face sunscreen face sunscreen home face suncreen self tanners for face professional tools & devices professional tools & devices home cleansing devices anti-aging tools & devices microdermabrasion microneedling more more home new arrivals bestsellers kits & sets top rated travel size sale view all... build a routine build a routine home combination skin dry skin normal skin oily skin sensitive skin popular brands popular brands home augustinus bader chantecaille skinceuticals eltamd skinmedica obagi is clinical revision skincare sunday riley hair care hair care home shop by category shop by category home shampoo dry shampoo conditioner hair loss products anti-dandruff & scalp care hair treatments hair mask styling products tools & brushes natural hair care shop by hair type coarse frizzy color-treated curly dry or damaged fine oily more new arrivals bestsellers kits & sets top rated travel size men's hair care sale view all... popular brands popular brands home ghd oribe olaplex christophe robin grow gorgeous r+co briogeo virtue living proof miriam quevedo harry josh pro tools makeup makeup home face face home foundation bb & cc creams concealer blush highlighters & contouring primer face palettes setting spray & powders lips lips home lipstick liquid lipstick lip gloss & stains lip balms & treatments eyes eyes home eyeshadow eye palettes mascara eyeliner eyebrow makeup lash & brow enhancer eye primer false lashes more tools & brushes makeup meets skin care new arrivals bestsellers kits & sets top rated sale view all... popular brands revitalash cosmetics jane iredale smashbox ilia tarte cosmetics glo skin beauty kevyn aucoin by terry tools & devices tools & devices home skin care tools hair care tools makeup tools bath & body bath & body home shop by category bath & shower body scrubs & exfoliators body care lotions & oils body sun care fragrance hands & feet supplements & wellness baby & mom shop by concern shop by concern home cellulite eczema razor bumps stretch marks personal care intimate wellness deodorant hair removal oral care men's shaving & grooming more new arrivals bestsellers kits & sets men's body care top rated sale view all... popular brands popular brands home eltamd ameliorate supergoop! skinceuticals espa fragrance shop fragrance shop home shop by category shop by category home perfume body spray & mists home fragrance & candles room diffuser aromatherapy travel size fragrance family fragrance family home citrus floral musk fresh woodsy popular brands popular brands home trudon glasshouse memo paris arquiste parfumeur ellis brooklyn world of chris collins nest fragrances hermetica gifts & sets gifts & sets home all gifts & sets all gifts & sets home skin care kits & sets makeup kits & sets hair care kits & sets bath & body kits & sets men's kits & sets beautyfix best of dermstore beautyfix beautyfix home beautyfix best of dermstore offers offers home last chance sale last chance sale home skin care sale hair care sale makeup sale bath & body sale tools & devices sale value sets sale spf sale shop by % off shop by % off home save 10% save 15% save 20% save 25% save 30% save 40% save 50% other offers other offers home save with auto-replenishment refer a friend, get $15 value sets new new home all new arrivals all new arrivals home new & now new skincare new haircare new makeup new bath & body new men's products new gifts & sets skin 101 skin 101 home answers to your skin care questions become a skin expert how-tos & more us - usd change free us shipping $50+ new customers save 15%* dermstore rewards ask the esthetician download our app refer a friend, get $15 earn triple points on pca skin. plus, receive a $22 gift when you spend $100+ on the brand. start earning home help center help center how can we help? try searching for your question select a topic my account how do i register? you will need to register before you can place an order with dermstore.as long as you have a valid email address, you can head over to our sign up page to keep up to date with the latest news and product launches. how do i change my account details? it’s easy to make changes to your details, whether it’s your payment information, password or address book.log-in to your account and you will see a range of categories at the bottom of the page under ‘account settings’. are my personal details safe if i create an account? you can rest assured that shopping with dermstore is safe.we’re fully compliant with the data protection act so we care about keeping your details secure.for further information, please visit our privacy policy page. i have forgotten my password. what should i do? don’t worry, if you visit our log-in page and select 'forgotten your password?' then you can enter the email address registered and we will send you instructions on how to get this reset. how do i unsubscribe? if you no longer want to receive dermstore emails, then you can login to your account and select the ‘email preferences’ option to make this change. when will my loyalty points expire? loyalty points expire 365 days after the date they were earned. payments how can i pay for my order? we offer a variety of online payment methods to ensure our customers can place orders with ease.visamastercardmaestroamerican expressafterpayapple paygoogle paypaypalyou can select your preferred payment method at checkout.as we take fraud very seriously, you will face validation and authorization by us and the card issuer.we do this to ensure that our customers are safe while they shop. i have a payment problem on my order. what should i do? if you are seeing the status ‘payment problem’ on one or more of your orders then this means that we need you to check the payment information that has been submitted.click onto the order and you should see an option to resolve the problem. before re-entering any card details you will need to make sure that the expiry date and billing address are correct. we also recommend checking funds in the account.if you have done all that and still the problem is not fixed, then please contact our customer service team. why can i see a transaction pending in my paypal account? once you place an order, the payment will show in your account as pending until we send the products to you.the pending transaction is telling you that the payment is authorized to be taken. why can't i add a new payment card? if you want to add new payment details then you will need to do this at the checkout stage.your new card details will be saved once your order has been placed. this means that next time around you can order your favorite dermstore products with ease. you can manage your saved payment cards by clicking into ‘payment cards’ under account settings in your account. gift cards gift cards as a payment option we’re currently unable to accept a pre-purchased gift card as a payment option in checkout. if you have a gift card you wish to use for your purchase, please get in touch with customer service through the links below. our team will add the balance of the gift card to your account as credit, which can then be applied at checkout when you are completing your order.if you do not see the balance in your account, please contact our customer service team to assist you. ingredient information how does dermstore define 'natural preference'? 50% or more of the ingredients found in these products must be derived from a natural source, excluding water. these products cannot contain any of the ingredients from dermstore’s potentially harmful ingredient list how does dermstore define 'clean preference'? clean preference:these products cannot contain any of the ingredients from dermstore’s potentially harmful ingredient list.*please note ingredients and guidelines are subject to change.potentially harmful ingredient list:1,4-dioxane2bromo-2-nitropropane-1,3-diol5-bromo-5-nitro-1,3 dioxaneacetaldehydeacetoneacetonitrileacrylamideanimal musks, oils and fatsbenzalkonium chloridebenzylhemiformalbisphenol a(bpa)butoxyethanolbutylated hydroxyanisolebutylated hydroxytoluenebutylparabenceteareth-20cetearylalcohol (plant derived is okay)coal tardbpdehpdepdiazolidinyl ureadibutyl phthalatedmdm hydantoinehtylparabenethylene chlorideethylenediaminetetraacetic acidformaldehydeglyoxalhydroquinoneimidazolidinyl ureamercury and mercury compoundsmethenaminemethyl cellosolvemethylparabenmineral oiloxybenzoneparabensparaffin peg-7 glyceryl cocoatepetrolatumpolyacrylamide/acrylamidepolyoxymethylene ureapropylparabenptfe/pfoapthalatesquaternium-15resorcinolretinyl palmitatericlocarbansodium hydroxymethylglycinatesodium laureth sulfatesopropylparabenstyrenesulfatesthimerosaltoluenetosylamide/formaldehyde resintriclocarbantriclosanisobutylparaben discounts and exclusions how do i use a coupon code? once you have found all the items that you want, click the bag icon in the top right of your screen. you will see a box located below your list of items in the cart which says ‘got a coupon code? enter it here’.add your coupon code into this box and click ‘add’ to apply the discount.if you have any problems entering the code then you can contact our customer service team through your account. about exclusions dermstore only carries authorized inventory and maintains strong relationships with all of our vendors. as part of these relationships, we respect our vendors' requests to be excluded from certain types of promotions. for more details regarding brands excluded from discounts, please see below. welcome offer exclusions we maintain a list of products and brands excluded from welcome or new customer promotions. this list is subject to change at any time. why isn't my promo code working? promo codes can be specific to dates, products or minimum total amount. all promotional offers, emails and sales, including the favorites 10% off discount cannot be combined with any other offer and excludes all sale items. if you are experiencing an error with your promo code please refer to the email or website and look for the following: expiration date, excluded brands, spend requirement. what is a promo code and how do i get one? promo codes work the same way as online coupons. dermstore account holders that sign up for a free account regularly receive emails with discounts and promotional specials. if you would like to receive dermstore emails, please sign up for a free account and you will be added to our mailing list. ordering the item i ordered is out of stock. why is it on the website? all items ordered with dermstore depend upon availability. we want you to be able to order and receive the products you love effortlessly, so we’ll always aim to let you know if an item is out of stock.now and again there can be an unexpected delay, if so we’ll get in touch to let you know. how do i place an order? it’s easy to place an order with us. login to your account to begin browsing our range.once you’ve found the product you want, you’ll need to click ‘add to cart’. you can either carry on shopping or click ‘view cart’ if you’ve got everything you need; this will give you the option to checkout.if you have any addresses or payment options saved to your account then these will automatically display in the checkout, making it quick and easy to complete the order. otherwise you’ll need to enter the details manually.check everything is correct and you’re good to go. we’ll send you an email as soon as the order is on its way. can i make changes to my cart? yes, click on the ‘cart’ icon at the top of the page and you’ll be able to see the item(s) you have in there so far.use the + button to stock-up on your favorite items, or the – button if you’ve selected too many. if you want to remove an item completely then click the x button. can i place an order over the phone? our customer service team is always on hand to provide support and guidance. all orders have to be placed through your online account but they’re more than happy to help you do so. can i place an order to a different address? yes, you may enter a new delivery address at check out. your order will automatically default to any saved addresses but you can choose to add a new one by clicking ‘add a new address’. how will i know when my order has been shipped? we’ll send you an email as soon as your order is on its way. you can also check your account to see the progress of an order or to track it.we may ship items separately in the event of one or more of the items being delayed. what is the status of my order? your account makes it easy to keep track of all your orders.once you’ve logged in you’ll see each individual order that you’ve placed with us. select the one that you want and you’ll be provided with all the details you need about that order.we'll also send you an email once your order has shipped and is on the way. where is my order? your account will show any previous orders you’ve placed. click here to track your order.click on the order you want to view to find out more. we'll also send you an email once your order has shipped and is on the way.an email is sent when your order has shipped, it will also inform you when we estimate the order to arrive. if you can’t find the information that you need, click on ‘message’ below to contact our customer service team. how do i cancel my order? we’re sorry to hear you want to cancel.to cancel your order, please go to your account. you can choose to cancel individual items or the whole order. we’ll send you an email within an hour to let you know if the cancellation worked.we’ll send you an email within an hour to let you know if the cancellation has processed.if your order is to far into the fulfillment process, we will not be able to cancel your order. items that are in stock are processed quickly so that we can aim to get products to our customers without delay.you can visit our returns policy to help you get the order back to us instead. how do i make changes to my order? if you want to try and cancel so that a new order can be placed, then you’ll need to login to your account.select the relevant order and you’ll see that you can choose to cancel individual items or the whole order.we’ll send you an email within an hour to let you know if the cancellation worked. please don’t place a new order until you hear from us. what do i do if i have ordered the wrong item? don’t worry we understand that this can happen; you can try and cancel the item in your account.you’ll need to click on the item and choose the cancel option. we’ll send you an email within an hour to let you know if it worked.if you can’t cancel then you can send the item back to us. it’s best to refer to our returns policy to find out how. i have received a faulty item. what should i do? we’re really sorry that happened as we aim to provide high quality items to all of our customers.to speed the process up, it’d really help if you could find the information below before contacting us, don’t worry if you can’t though, we can help once you get in touch.order numberproduct namedetails of the faultimages that support the fault, if applicableas soon as we’ve looked into the fault we’ll let you know what we plan to do next by sending you an email. i have received the wrong item. what should i do? we’re really sorry to hear that, sometimes things can go wrong but don’t worry as we can help.we’ll need to know the following information so that we can fix this for you-order numberincorrect item receivedthe correct item orderedas soon as we’ve looked into what went wrong, we’ll let you know what we plan to do next by sending you an email. i have received a damaged item. what should i do? we take pride in our products so we’re sorry to hear you’ve received your order damaged.sometimes things can go wrong but don’t worry, as we can help. please don’t throw the item away, we may ask for pictures of the damage to ensure we take measures to prevent it happening again.as soon as we’ve looked into what went wrong, we’ll let you know what we plan to do next by sending you an email. there is an item missing from my order. what should i do? sometimes we ship items separately to make sure that any delayed items do not hold up the rest of the order.it is therefore possible that the missing item may be on a separate shipment.your dispatch confirmation email will list the items that have been sent. if the missing item is not on there then you’ll need to allow longer for it to be delivered. delivery what do i do if i have not received my order? as soon as your order has shipped, we send you an email with tracking and an estimated delivery date.you may also track your order through your account.have you checked for any delivery notes from the carrier? your package may have been left somewhere safe or taken to a local office.our delivery information page can give you more details about timeframes. what delivery options do you offer? all our delivery options can be found on our delivery information page. how long will it take for my order to be delivered? our delivery information page can tell you the timeframes associated with our different delivery options alongside their costs. what happens if i am not at home to accept my delivery? don’t worry, if your order cannot fit through/in the mailbox or requires a signature. you should receive a delivery note directly from the carrier.this note will let you know where your package is and how you can collect it. can i use a freight forwarding to ship my package? dermstore doesn't ship to freight forwarders or addresses outside the united states. we reserve the right to cancel all orders shipping to a freight forwarder. there is an item missing from my order. what should i do? sometimes we ship items separately to make sure that any delayed items do not hold up the rest of the order.it is therefore possible that the missing item may be on a separate shipment.your dispatch confirmation email will list the items that have been sent. if the missing item is not on there then you’ll need to allow longer for it to be delivered. returns & refunds what is your returns policy? please refer to our returns policy page for more information. how do i return an item? you can return easily by going to your account and clicking on the order you wish to return.please refer to our returns policy page for more information or click here to start your return. can i return a product if i no longer want it? we want all our customers to enjoy their products. if you’re not happy with the products you purchased, you can send them back to us.please visit our returns policy page for more information. what happens once my item is returned? as soon as we receive your order we’ll review the reason for return and let you know what we plan to do next.you should receive an email to notify you of any action taken. when will i receive my refund? we’ll send you an email once your refund has been processed. after receiving this email, your refund should appear in your account within 5 business days. if you don't see your refund within 10 business days since you received our email, please contact our customer service team. i used paypal to make my purchase, and have since returned an item, why haven't i been refunded? at dermstore all refunds are issued within 2 weeks of the return reaching our warehouse. if you haven't received your refund back from paypal it may be because you used a credit card to make your payment. paypal states on their site that it can take up to 30 days for the refund to appear on your statement. i used paypal to make my purchase, and have since cancelled my order, why haven't i been refunded? dermstore authorizes your paypal account at the time the order is placed. your paypal account is charged at the time your order ships. paypal states on their site that it can take up to 30 days for the refund to appear on your statement. i didn't receive a full refund on my return. why? at dermstore we work hard to get you your money fast, however in order to get returns processed quickly we do charge fees for packages that slow us down. there is a $15 service charge for refused packages. also, shipping is non-refundable. if i place an order with multiple payment types how will i be refunded? if a gift card or store credit was used for a purchase with a credit card, and an item is returned, the amount paid with store credit or a gift card will be refunded first. if there is an additional balance due, it will be returned to the secondary form of payment. website where can i find your terms and conditions? please refer to our terms and conditions page. why am i having problems accessing the checkout? if you’re having problems accessing the checkout or any part of our website, please get in contact with our customer service team. what is your privacy policy? please refer to our privacy policy page. access to information you have the right to ask about what personal data we hold about you.feel free to write to us at the office address below, but please note that this is not the address to return items to. if you need to return a product to us, please refer to our return policy.dermstore customer service632 north 2000 westsuite 110lindonut840422 i previously ordered a product from dermstore, but can no longer find that product on your website. what happened? if you cannot locate a previously ordered item, it may have been discontinued on our site, repackaged, renamed, or replaced. beautyfix & dermstore subscriptions what subscription options are available at dermstore? there are 2 ways you can subscribe to a product on dermstoredermstore single product subscriptionthis subscription type delivers products to your door at a frequency of your choosing. you can set your subscription every 1,2,3 or 4 calendar months. not all products on dermstore participate in this subscription method, to see if a product does offer this service please see the product page. some products may also offer a discount for subscribing.beautyfixthis is our monthly curated subscription box, giving you the opportunity to explore new products each month selected by our experts. do i need to order the beautyfix every month? no, a subscription to the beautyfix will send you a box automatically once a month. you will receive a beautyfix each month until you stop your subscription. when will my beautyfix box be shipped each month? we aim to ship your beautyfix within the first 5 business days of the month. what do i do if i haven’t received my box? please contact our customer service team through the account section of the website and we will investigate this. when will i be charged for subscription order? as soon as the order is shipped, the payment method will be charged. you may cancel up to 3 days before the 1st of the month. can i change my payment method? you can! if you log into your account and update your card details, your payment method will change but this is only available until the end of the cancellation period for that month (14 days). please contact our customer service team if you have any questions. if you have originally paid by card, you are unable to change your payment method to paypal. please note we do not accept prepaid cards for subscription orders. can i use a promo code with my subscription? promo codes cannot be stacked on top of discounts available through the subscription service. what do i do if i’ve received the same beautyfix twice? please contact our customer service team via the 'still need help?' section (below) and they will look into this for you. i have had an allergic reaction after using one of your products, what do i do? always ensure you read the label for ingredients you are sensitive to, and follow the directions of use to prevent an allergic reaction. if an allergic reaction occurs, discontinue the use of the product and seek medical attention. if you wish to return the product, please visit the return policy page. what happens if i can’t pay for my beautyfix? if you receive an email detailing a payment problem against your subscription, please log into your account and update your payment information. should you need any assistance with this, please contact our customer service team. are any full-sized products included in the beautyfix? you will receive a selection of products in a varriety of sizes – occasionally there will be full-sized products as well as deluxe samples in our monthly boxes. for more details on what is included in your beautyfix subscription box please visit our beautyfix page what is the value of beautyfix? the value of our monthly beautyfix will never fall below $100! what is auto-renewal? auto-renewal is when you come to the end of your subscription term, it will automatically renew for a further term of the same length. if you do not wish for this to be in place, please ensure the auto-renew function within the my account section is switched off. will i get charged for shipping each time? dermstore offers free shipping across all subscriptions that meet the $50 minimum required. all subsequent subscription orders will have free shipping. what are the cut off dates to receive this month’s box? the cut-off date to receive the current month’s box varies by month however normally through the 28th of each month you will receive the current month’s box, if not later. please check the product page before you subscribe for confirmation on which month you will receive. i have less than $100 of products, what should i do? please contact our customer service team via the 'still need help?' section below and provide the order number, this can be located on the label of your package, or in the my account section of our website. a member of our customer service team will investigate this for you. my beautyfix box has arrived damaged, what do i do? if you have received your beautyfix subscription and it is damaged, please contact customer service via the 'still need help?' section below to provide a photo of the order, the batch number and a brief explanation as to the detail of the damage. our customer service team will then be able to assist you and provide a suitable resolution. do you take recommendations of products? we always listen to our beautyfix subscribers and try our best to include the products you want to feature. if you do have any suggestions or recommendations, please contact our customer service team who would love to hear more! how do i change my delivery address? to make changes to your delivery address, please login to your account to update your information 14 days before your scheduled ship date. i’ve received a beautyfix box from a different month, what do i do? please contact our customer service team via the 'still need help?' section (below) in order for them to resolve this issue. how do i leave a review? please log into your dermstore account, go to the beautyfix section of the website and select the product/box in which you would like to leave a review. you will find this option at the bottom of the product page. i’m having problems with my payment going through. log into your account, check that your card details are correct. if you still incur a payment problem, please contact our customer service team via the 'still need help?' section (below). can i cancel or pause my subscription? for single product subscriptions, you can pause or cancel the subscription at anytime. please go to your account to review your options.for beautyfix subscriptions, opt-out of auto renewal will result in completion at the end of the chosen subscription plan, we will charge and ship all boxes up until this point and then the subscription will not renew.you need to opt-out of auto-renewal at least 14 business days before you will receive the last box of your current term. you can opt-out at any point in your subscription up to the point mentioned above, however your subscription will only end once your term has ended, i.e. if you have a 3-month subscription, and opt-out after your second box, your 3rd box will be your last box which in turn completes your 3-month subscription.to cancel a beautyfix subscription please go to your account. ​ no matches were found. please refine your search. still need help? unavailable live chat start a return message view your messages speak to one of our agents call: 1 (801) 252-4624 monday - friday: 8am-10pm (est) saturday: 10am-7pm (est) closed on sundays & public holidays sign up to our newsletters and receive the latest exclusive discounts and deals join dermstore sign me up connect with us facebook twitter instagram youtube pinterest customer service help center / faqs returns shipping information track my order cookie settings my account my account manage my auto-replenishments my rewards my favorites refer a friend order history company company about us press what is klarna? legal legal privacy policy terms & conditions modern slavery statement product recall accessibility 2023 © the hut.com ltd. pay securely with visa electron visa paypal mastercard maestro amex discover diners apple pay afterpay klarna