来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20091223051943/http://www.centurynovelty.com/help.jsp
================================================================================

century novelty - faqs shopping cart wish list order status account login customer service about us century novelty - faqs party themes holidays events product categories sale customer service faqs shipping privacy contact us 110% price guarantee same day shipping most in-stock orders placed by 5:00pm et ship the same business day! get details 110% price guarantee guaranteed lowest price. we’re so confident that we have the best prices that if you find a better price, we’ll beat it by 10%. click here for details whether you need 1 or 1,000 no order is too small! we don't have minimum quantities like the other guys, so you can order exactly what you need! home customer service frequently asked questions frequently asked questions search our faq's: or browse all our answers below: shipping your order how much will it cost to ship my order? simply add merchandise to your shopping cart and the “shipping calculator” at the bottom of your cart will display the prices and delivery dates of all shipping options. or check out our shipping page to learn more. how long does it take for my order to arrive? that depends on product availability and how quickly you need it. simply add merchandise to your shopping cart and the “shipping calculator” at the bottom of your cart will display the delivery date and price. most in-stock orders placed before 5:00pm eastern time will ship the same business day. once it leaves our building, the time it takes to be delivered depends on which of our shipping options you select. check out our shipping page to find the shipping option right for you. can i ship my order outside of the united states? of course you can! who are we to say no? check out our shipping page for all the details. ordering and payment what credit cards do you accept? we accept credit and debit cards with the visa, mastercard, discover or american express logo. ordering on this website with a credit/debit card is the quickest way to receive your merchandise. may i pay with paypal? yes, we accept paypal payments. simply click the “checkout with paypal” icon in the shopping cart; this will take you to a secure paypal site to enter your paypal account information, and then transport you back to centurynovelty.com to complete the order process. may i pay with a purchase order? legally recognized schools and government agencies can fax their official purchase order to (866) 432-9899 for immediate processing. or mail the purchase order to: century novelty company, inc. attn: orders 38239 plymouth road livonia, michigan 48150 corporations and all other organizations must complete a credit application with century novelty before we can process your purchase order. credit applications are usually processed within six business days. if your order must ship in less than six business days, you should place your order with a credit card using this website. once your credit application has been approved, you can fax your purchase order for immediate processing. all purchase orders must: be at least $100 before shipping and tax. if your order will be less than $100 before shipping and tax, you must use a credit card. be faxed or mailed. if you wish to be billed, you cannot place the order by phone or online. include complete billing and shipping addresses and contact information include an email address so we can email order confirmation and tracking information include the item number, name, and price of each line item include the shipping price. please visit our shipping page to learn about shipping options and costs include the grand total be priced in us dollars be shipped within the united states may i order via e-mail? yes, you may send your order to info@centurynovelty.com. however, ordering on the web allows you to take advantage of the convenience and security of online ordering. may i order via fax? some organizations can order by fax. please read the previous topic "may i pay with a purchase order?" for more information. may i order via phone? yes, our customer service team is available 24/7 for your orders at 800-325-6232. however, ordering on the web allows you to take advantage of the convenience and security of online ordering. may i order via mail? yes, please send your order form along with a cashier's check or money order (sorry, we can't accept personal checks) to: century novelty company, inc. attn: orders 38239 plymouth road livonia, michigan 48150 may i pay with a check? no, we cannot accept personal checks. however, you may pay with a money order or cashier's check. please send your order form along with payment to: century novelty company, inc. attn: orders 38239 plymouth road livonia, michigan 48150 is your showroom open to the public? our showroom brought fun to the detroit area for 53 years, so it was only natural to share this fun with the whole world, via centurynovelty.com. in september 2004, we closed our showroom so that we may focus on bringing you the best centurynovelty.com possible. tax concerns will i be charged sales tax? one of the great benefits of shopping with century novelty is that most people will not have to pay sales tax. only orders billed to michigan are charged tax. if your billing address is in michigan, but your organization is tax exempt we can honor the exception if you provide documentation before you place the order. to place a tax exempt order please: fax your tax exempt certificate to (866) 432-9899. mail it to: century novelty company, inc. attn: tax exception processing 38239 plymouth road livonia, michigan 48150 call 800-325-6232 to place your order. please note tax exempt orders cannot be placed on our website. if your billing address is in michigan and you place your order online, you will be charged tax. if this happens, we are unable to refund tax charges. what's your federal tax id number? our company's federal tax id number is 38-2290000. do you have a dunn & bradstreet number? yes, our number is 01-721-2812. is your company considered a large or a small company? we are a small company. how can i get a pro-forma/quote/estimate? the quickest way to receive a pro-forma or quote is to add items to your shopping cart and select the desired shipping method. this will give you an itemized list with a grand total (including shipping) for your records. shopping our web site what if you don't list the item i need? if we carry it and it's in stock, you can find it on this website. if you cannot find a particular item through our search engine, just send an e-mail to info@centurynovelty.com or call us at 800-325-6232. do you have a catalog? not at this time. instead, we are focusing all our effort on bringing you the best website possible. if you are having difficulty finding what you need, please email info@centurynovelty.com or call 800-325-6232.you may be interested in our monthly email newsletter that features special announcements and coupons. sign up here http://www.centurynovelty.com/emailsignup.jsp if an item is shown in multiple colors or if it comes in an assortment, can i choose which colors i want? unfortunately no. to guarantee that all of our customers receive the item as listed we can only send full assortments. can century novelty imprint or customize a product? not at this time. however, we are working to give you this feature. how can i tell if an item is in stock? most items are in stock and ready to ship. when you add an item to your shopping cart, the website checks to make sure the product is available in your desired quantity. when the product is in stock in your desired quantity, “in stock” will appear next to the item. if we do not have your desired quantity available for immediate shipment, a message will display in your shopping cart indicating how many pieces we do have available and how quickly we should have more. however, if your desired quantity is available, you won't see any messages and you can simply proceed through the checkout process. you can also check product availability on the product’s description page. just click “check availability now!” below the price chart. can young children use your products? children should be at least 6 years old before using our products. many items have small or removable parts young children could mistakenly swallow. children under eight (8) years can choke or suffocate on uninflated or broken balloons. adult supervision required. keep uninflated balloons from children. discard broken balloons at once. security and privacy what do you do with information you receive from me? we don't share it, that's for sure! we keep any information we receive from you away from those who invade your privacy or send you spam. whatever info you give us is only used to process your order and improve your experience with us. see our privacy policy for more details. how do you use cookies? cookies are very tiny text files that are stored on your computer when you visit certain web pages that record your preferences. centurynovelty.com uses cookies to keep track of what you have in your shopping cart. they cannot harm your computer and they do not contain any personal or private information. you must accept cookies to shop at centurynovelty.com. we also use cookies to assist in retargeting advertising.we work with fetchback to display retargeted ads to our site prospects, on our behalf, across the internet. they collect non-personally identifiable information about your visits to our website, and your interaction with our products and services. the anonymous information is collected through the use of a pixel tag, which is industry standard technology used by most major web sites. no personally identifiable information is collected during in this process. to read fetchback’s privacy policy, click here. if you do not want fetchback to collect this information, you may opt out of their service. opting out will not in any way effect your use of our site. to opt-out, of fetchback retargeting, please click here. visit the network advertising initiatives opt- out by clicking here. i want to place my order but i don't want to transmit my credit card number over the web. if you're uncomfortable ordering over the web please call our english speaking customer service team. our order desk is open 24/7 at 800-325-6232. how does century novelty handle online security and my personal information? ordering online with century novelty is secure and convenient. we recognize that your privacy and security are important and we are devoted to ensuring that your personal information is safe. we use the latest technology in online security such as site identification and data encryption. with site identification your browser automatically ensures that you are connected only to our web site. if a problem arises your browser will alert you to the potential loss of security. the strict data encryption that we use hides sensitive information like your name, address, and credit card information. our ordering process is protected by the secure sockets layer (ssl) protocol, which encrypts your information and confirms the identity of the century novelty server before allowing your shopping cart to be checked out. modern browsers support the ssl protocol. we recommend that you use the latest browsers to ensure that you are protected by advances in security technology. how does ssl work? when accessing an ssl-secured web site, the user's browser sends a message to the web server, requesting a secure session. the web server responds by sending the user its server certificate (which includes its public key). the user's browser will verify that the server's certificate is valid and has been signed by a certificate authority whose certificate is in the browser's database. it will also verify that the certificate authority certificate has not expired. if the certificates are all valid, the user's browser will generate a one-time, unique "session" key and encrypt it with the server's public key. the user's browser will then send the encrypted session key to the server so that they will both have a copy. the server will decrypt the message using its private key and recover the session key. this completes the ssl "handshake" process, and a secure ssl connection has been established. the entire process of establishing the ssl connection typically happens transparently to the user and takes only seconds. a key or padlock icon in the lower corner of the browser window indicates that the browser is running in secure mode. ssl is supported in the vast majority of browsers and web servers on the market. no questions asked returns how do i return something? most items can be returned to us up to 30 days from the date your order ships-no questions asked! since many of our products are very seasonal, we cannot accept returns after 30 days. simply include a copy of your invoice with your return and send it to: century novelty company, inc. attn: returns 38239 plymouth rd livonia, mi 48150 ship the package back to us at your cost using the shipping method of your choice. we suggest you use a shipping method that provides a tracking number. under no circumstances should you "refuse" delivery of a package or tell the driver to "return to sender." doing so will result in a return shipping charge (equal to your original shipping amount) and up to a 40% restocking fee. as soon as we receive your package, provided it's in saleable condition, we will immediately process your refund and credit your account for the purchase price of the returned product. unfortunately, we're unable to accept returns on items that can't be resold. you wouldn't want to receive merchandise that was already used! these items include: items used in the mouth or on the lips items worn on the body such as a hats and hula skirts candy and food products glow stick and necklace products special orders (orders that received special pricing from a sales rep) sale items however some items are individually packaged or wrapped. if the item you wish to return arrived to you in a wrapper and is still in the wrapper (meaning, it was not used) it may be returned (except candy. we can never accept a return on candy and food products because that is unsanitary). of course, if your purchase is defective, or if we shipped the wrong item, we will gladly send you a replacement; free of charge. just email info@centurynovelty.com to let us know what we need to do for you. please ensure that your shipping address is complete and correct. if a package is returned to century novelty due to incomplete or incorrect address information or because of unsuccessful delivery attempts, a restocking fee of up to 40% of the returned merchandise total may be charged. i just returned my order. when will i get my refund? as soon as we receive your package, we will process your refund and email you an updated receipt within two business days. you should see this credit appear on your account within 3-6 business days. this processing time varies by financial institution. if you have questions about the amount of time it will take for the refund to post to your account, or if you don't receive the credit within 6 business days, please contact your credit/debit card bank. contacting our customer service department what if i need to contact your customer service department? please visit our contact us page for ways to contact our customer service department. home customer service frequently asked questions your shopping cart your cart is empty. your wish list please log in. your account simplify checkout create a wish list track your orders write product reviews or create an account how can we help? live support call us (800) 325-6232 we're available 24/7! customer service faqs shipping order status contact us returns try it – you'll like it! but if you don't, many items can be returned up to 30 days later. no questions asked! more info earning your trust safe and secure century novelty party supplies, favors, and decorations in a single bound unless otherwise noted, all contents copyright © 2009 century novelty company, inc. all rights reserved. party themes | holidays | events | product categories | sale shopping cart | wish list | account login about us | customer service | shipping | contact us | faqs | privacy policy home | site map anniversary back to school carnival duck race first birthday pink ribbon & breast cancer awareness red ribbon week vacation bible school wedding christmas cinco de mayo easter fourth of july halloween mardi gras new year's oktoberfest st. patrick's day thanksgiving valentine's day alien baby shower beach birthday blues brothers butterfly casino night clown & circus cowboy & western ducks elvis rock & roll fiesta flamingo frogs graduation hollywood & awards night light & glow luau patriotic pimp daddy pirate princess quinceanera rainbow red & purple religious safari/zoo animal smiley face sports candy costumes crafts decorations favors, toys, gifts stationery supplies tableware