来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20151223055126/http://www.centurynovelty.com/help.html
================================================================================

help, customer service, and frequently asked questions at century novelty login customer service about us events anniversary bachelorette party back to school carnival dance duck race first birthday men's health awareness pink ribbon & breast cancer awareness red ribbon week secret santa shop vacation bible school wedding holidays christmas cinco de mayo day of the dead easter fourth of july halloween mardi gras new year's oktoberfest st. patrick's day thanksgiving valentine's day party themes baby shower beach birthday blues brothers butterfly camouflage casino night clown & circus cowboy & western cupcakes & sweets ducks fiesta flamingo frogs graduation hollywood & awards night international light & glow luau magic medieval movies & television nautical occupations patriotic pimp daddy pirate princess quinceanera rainbow religious retro rock & roll music safari/zoo animal shark smiley face sports team colors winter wonderland product categories candy costumes crafts decorations favors, toys, gifts gift bags stationery supplies tableware sale view topsearches enable javascript for the best experience frequently asked questionssearch our faq's:or browse all our answers below:most frequently asked questionshow much is shipping? when will i get my order?simply add merchandise to your shopping cart and the “shipping calculator” at the bottom of your cart will display the prices and delivery dates of all shipping options. or check out our shipping page to learn more.may i pay with a purchase order?yes, all purchase orders must be at least $100 before shipping and taxes. if your merchandise total is less than $100, a credit card must be used and you can place your order online at centurynovelty.com or by calling (800) 325-6232.if you are a public school or government agency, you may fax your order to (844)-810-5300 and we will process your order immediately. otherwise, you will have to apply for credit before sending the po. please note: it may take a couple of business days for the credit application to be processed. http://www.centurynovelty.com/_pdf/cnc_credit_application.pdfall purchase order must:be at least $100 before shipping and taxesbe printed on your organization's official purchase order forminclude a purchase order numberinclude complete billing and shipping addresses and contact informationinclude the item number, name, and price of each iteminclude the shipping priceinclude the grand totalbe priced in us dollarsbe shipped within the united states has my order shipped? how do i check my order status?you can easily check you order status here. or if you created an account, you can check it here.this real-time order information is accurate and up to date. it is the same information available to customer service.do you have a catalog?not at this time. instead, we are focusing all our effort on bringing you the best website possible. if you are having difficulty finding what you need, please email info@centurynovelty.com or call 800-325-6232.you may be interested in our monthly email newsletter that features special announcements and coupons. sign up here http://www.centurynovelty.com/emailsignup.jsphow do i return something?most items can be returned to us up to 30 days from the date your order ships-no questions asked! since many of our products are very seasonal, we cannot accept returns after 30 days.simply include a copy of your invoice with your return and send it to:centurynovelty.comattn: returns6271 commerce drwestland, mi 48185ship the package back to us at your cost using the shipping method of your choice. we suggest you use a shipping method that provides a tracking number. under no circumstances should you "refuse" delivery of a package or tell the driver to "return to sender." doing so will result in a return shipping charge (equal to your original shipping amount) and up to a 40% restocking fee.as soon as we receive your package, provided it's in saleable condition, we will immediately process your refund and credit your account for the purchase price of the returned product.unfortunately, we're unable to accept returns on items that can't be resold. you wouldn't want to receive merchandise that was already used! these items include:items used in the mouth or on the lipsitems worn on the body such as hats, wigs, and hula skirtscandy and food products glow stick and necklace productsspecial orders (orders that received special pricing from a sales rep)sale itemshowever some items are individually packaged or wrapped. if the item you wish to return arrived to you in a wrapper and is still in the wrapper (meaning, it was not used) it may be returned (except candy. we can never accept a return on candy and food products because that is unsanitary).of course, if your purchase is defective, or if we shipped the wrong item, we will gladly send you a replacement; free of charge. please click here for more details on getting this error corrected.please ensure that your shipping address is complete and correct. if a package is returned to century novelty due to incomplete or incorrect address information or because of unsuccessful delivery attempts, a restocking fee of up to 40% of the returned merchandise total may be charged.shipping your orderhow much will it cost to ship my order?simply add merchandise to your shopping cart and the “shipping calculator” at the bottom of your cart will display the prices and delivery dates of all shipping options. or check out our shipping page to learn more.how long does it take for my order to arrive?that depends on product availability and how quickly you need it.simply add merchandise to your shopping cart and the “shipping calculator” at the bottom of your cart will display the delivery date and price.most in-stock orders placed before 5:00pm eastern time will ship the same business day. once it leaves our building, the time it takes to be delivered depends on which of our shipping options you select. check out our shipping page to find the shipping option right for you.can i ship my order outside of the united states?we no longer offer international shipping.ordering and paymentwhat credit cards do you accept?we accept credit and debit cards with the visa, mastercard, discover or american express logo. ordering on this website with a credit/debit card is the quickest way to receive your merchandise.may i pay with paypal?yes, we accept paypal payments. however, your paypal account must be billed to an address in the united states. we are unable to accept paypal payments from billing addresses in canada, pureto rico, or any other international locations.simply click the “checkout with paypal” icon in the shopping cart; this will take you to a secure paypal site to enter your paypal account information, and then transport you back to centurynovelty.com to complete the order process.may i pay with a purchase order?yes, all purchase orders must be at least $100 before shipping and taxes. if your merchandise total is less than $100, you can place your order online at centurynovelty.com or by calling (800) 325-6232.if you are a public school or government agency, you may fax your order to (844) 810-5300 and we will process your order immediately. otherwise, you will have to apply for credit before sending the po. please note: it may take a couple of business days for the credit application to be processed. http://www.centurynovelty.com/_pdf/cnc_credit_application.pdf all purchase order must:be at least $100 before shipping and taxesbe printed on your organization's official purchase order forminclude a purchase order numberinclude complete billing and shipping addresses and contact informationinclude the item number, name, and price of each iteminclude the shipping priceinclude the grand totalbe priced in us dollarsbe shipped within the united statesmay i order via fax?no. as of june 3, 2010 we no longer accept faxed orders. we guarantee immediate shipping of all orders. but processing faxed orders was very labor-intensive and not quick. therefore, to focus on our commitment to immediate order processing, we require all orders to be paid via credit card or paypal.may i order via phone?yes, our customer service team is available 24/7 for your orders at 800-325-6232, option 1. however, ordering on the web allows you to take advantage of the convenience and security of online ordering.may i order via mail?no. as of june 3, 2010 we no longer accept purchase orders, checks, money orders or cashier's checks. we guarantee immediate shipping of all orders. but processing mail orders was very labor-intensive and not quick. therefore, to focus on our commitment to immediate order processing, we require all orders to be paid via credit card or paypal.may i pay with a check?no. as of june 3, 2010 we no longer accept checks, money orders or cashier's checks. we guarantee immediate shipping of all orders. but processing check orders was very labor-intensive and not quick. therefore, to focus on our commitment to immediate order processing, we require all orders to be paid via credit card or paypal.is your showroom open to the public? is there a store location i can visit? can i pickup my order?no. our showroom store brought fun to the detroit area for 53 years, so it was only natural to share this fun with the whole world, via centurynovelty.com. in september 2004, we closed our showroom so that we may focus on bringing you the best centurynovelty.com possible. the store in livonia no longer exists and we do not offer in-store pickup. all orders must ship to you.pricing, discounts & donationswhat if i find the item cheaper elsewhere? do you offer a price match guarantee?we know we have great prices, but if you manage to find a lower price for any item on our website, simply complete our price match form. we will beat that price! you will receive a lower price quote via email as well as instructions on how to order at this lower price. we will apply your discount before we charge your card (for this reason, all price match inquiries must be made before placing an order). unfortunately we cannot honor any price match requests after an order has been placed due to constantly changing online prices.our price policy applies to the total price of your order (merchandise + tax + shipping), so do not be fooled by sites that seem to have great deals but then charge outrageous prices for shipping! if you consider all this, our total price will almost always be lower!please keep the following in mind:the competitor must have the item in stock and ready to ship (most of our items ship the same business day when ordered before 5pm et)the item must be in new condition and exactly the same as oursprice matching will be based on total cost, including item price, shipping price, and tax (we only charge tax on michigan orders)this form must be submitted before you place the order. we cannot issue price match refunds on orders already placedplease allow us up to 2 full business days to research your request. if your order must ship in less than 2 full business days, there isn't time to research your requestthe order must be made with a credit card within 3 business days of receiving our lower price quoteto submit a price guarantee request, click on the "price guarantee request" link on the left of the product detail page.do you have wholesale prices?we do not have wholesale prices; however, our pricing structure is beneficial to those who are ordering larger quantities. the more you buy, the cheaper per piece the price is. additionally, if you are interested in ordering a quantity that is 4 times greater than the largest quantity listed on the website, please click here as we may be able to give you a custom price quote..i am ordering a large quantity of an item. can i get a custom price quote or discount?if you are interested in ordering a quantity that is 4 times greater than the largest quantity listed on the website, contact us and we may be able to give you a custom price quote. for example, if the cheapest price listed online is for 144 pieces, you would need to order at least 576 pieces to qualify for an additional discount.any quoted price is only available when you order with a credit card. additionally, these quoted discounts are only valid for 7 days and are non-returnable. see return details for more information.we don't use predefined priced lists; rather, we will quote this based on your particular needs. please allow us two full business days so that we may thoroughly research your request and give you the best pricing possible. we are unable to speed up this process. if you need the order to ship in less than 2 business days, you will need to pay regular price online or over the phone.in your email please provide us with the following information:your nameyour email addressyour phone numberdate that you need the item bydestination zip codeitem number and namequantity of item you are interested in do you have any coupons i can use on my order?save money on your order and future orders! subscribe to our email list to receive exclusive coupons and promotions once or twice a month. plus, you will receive an instant $6.00 off coupon code just for subscribing. you can unsubscribe at any time and your personal information will not be shared, sold or spammed.how do i enter a coupon code? my coupon code isn't working?if you received a coupon code, simply enter it in the “coupon code” field on the final verifaction page of the check out process.if the discount does not appear, please check the following:please verify that you satisfied the minimum order requirement. all coupon codes require a minimum purchase, generally of $60.verify that you correctly typed the coupon code. coupon codes are all lower case and have no spaces.verify that the coupon has not expired. the expiration date is in bottom section of the email that contained the coupon.only one discount can be applied per purchase.i am planning on placing a large order; can i get a sample of the item first?to help keep our prices low, we do not send free samples. however, you may place an order for that item online at anytime. and if after you receive the "sample" you decide to place a larger order, we will refund the standard shipping price of your first order.when you place the larger order, simply email both order numbers (the "sample" order and the larger order) to info@centurynovelty.com so we can process the credit.additionally, we are currently running a discount of $6 off when you subscribe to our email newsletter. please sign up and receive your coupon here. $6 is around the cost of shipping, so this deal essentially gives you free shipping on that sample order.in addition to a $6 coupon, when you subscribe to our free email newsletter, you will receive coupons and special announcements each month. you can unsubscribe at any time and your personal information will not be shared, sold, or spammed.i am hosting a charity event or fundraiser; can you make a donation?at this time, we are unable to provide a donation. our current charitable partners are the breast cancer research foundation (http://www.bcrfcure.org) and spaulding for children (http://www.spaulding.org).we do, however, discount all of our products based on quantity. if you look at the price chart on most products, you will see that the more pieces you purchase the cheaper they become. to help keep prices low for all customers, we offer these discounts to everyone, regardless of size or occasion.additionally, we are currently running a discount of $6 off when you subscribe to our email newsletter. please sign up and receive your coupon here.in addition to a $6 coupon, when you subscribe to our free email newsletter, you will receive coupons and special announcements each month. you can unsubscribe at any time and your personal information will not be shared, sold, or spammed.order statushas my order shipped? how do i check my order status?you can easily check you order status here. or if you created an account, you can check it here.this real-time order information is accurate and up to date. it is the same information available to customer service.why didn't i receive my order receipt email or email from customer service?if you have not received your email from us, please check your spam folder. our emails come from info@centurynovelty.com, please search your mailbox for email from this address. we have noticed that yahoo mail is particularly sensitive to this email address.can i cancel my order?we aim to ship most in-stock orders placed before 5pm et the same business day. in order to meet that goal, we begin fulfilling each order almost immediately after it is placed. therefore orders can only be cancelled if something is backordered.what if my order is under review?century novelty reserves the right to review any order that is placed on our website. we will work with you to try and resolve any issues that may arise.tax concernswill i be charged sales tax?one of the great benefits of shopping with century novelty is that most people will not have to pay sales tax. only orders billed to michigan are charged tax.if your billing address is in michigan, but your organization is tax exempt we can honor the exception if you provide documentation before you place the order. to place a tax exempt order please:fax your tax exempt certificate to (844)810-5300.mail it to:centurynovelty.comattn: tax exception processing6271 commerce drwestland, mi 48185call 800-325-6232 to place your order. please note tax exempt orders cannot be placed on our website. if your billing address is in michigan and you place your order online, you will be charged tax. if this happens, we are unable to refund tax charges.do you have a w9 form?view/print our w9 form herewhat's your federal tax id number?our company's federal tax id number is 38-2290000.do you have a dunn & bradstreet number?yes, our number is 01-721-2812.is your company considered a large or a small company?we are a small company.how can i get a pro-forma/quote/estimate?the quickest way to receive a pro-forma or quote is to add items to your shopping cart and select the desired shipping method. this will give you an itemized list with a grand total (including shipping) for your records.shopping our web sitewhat if you don't list the item i need?everything we carry is available on our website. if it's not on our website, we don't sell it.do you have a catalog?not at this time. instead, we are focusing all our effort on bringing you the best website possible. if you are having difficulty finding what you need, please email info@centurynovelty.com or call 800-325-6232.you may be interested in our monthly email newsletter that features special announcements and coupons. sign up here http://www.centurynovelty.com/emailsignup.jspif an item is shown in multiple colors or if it comes in an assortment, can i choose which colors i want?unfortunately no. to guarantee that all of our customers receive the item as listed we can only send full assortments.can century novelty imprint or customize a product?no. we do not do any customization. the product comes as pictured.how can i tell if an item is in stock?most items are in stock and ready to ship. when you add an item to your shopping cart, the website checks to make sure the product is available in your desired quantity. when the product is in stock in your desired quantity, “in stock” will appear next to the item. if we do not have your desired quantity available for immediate shipment, a message will display in your shopping cart indicating how many pieces we do have available and how quickly we should have more. however, if your desired quantity is available, you won't see any messages and you can simply proceed through the checkout process.you can also check product availability on the product’s description page. just click “check availability now!” below the price chart.this real-time inventory information is accurate and up-to-date. it is the same information available to customer service.can young children use your products?children should be at least 6 years old before using our products. many items have small or removable parts young children could mistakenly swallow.children under eight (8) years can choke or suffocate on uninflated or broken balloons. adult supervision required. keep uninflated balloons from children. discard broken balloons at once.security and privacywhat do you do with information you receive from me?we don't share it, that's for sure! we keep any information we receive from you away from those who invade your privacy or send you spam. whatever info you give us is only used to process your order and improve your experience with us. see our privacy policy for more details.how do you use cookies?cookies are very tiny text files that are stored on your computer when you visit certain web pages that record your preferences. centurynovelty.com uses cookies to keep track of what you have in your shopping cart. they cannot harm your computer and they do not contain any personal or private information. you must accept cookies to shop at centurynovelty.com.we also use cookies to assist in retargeting advertising.we work with fetchback to display retargeted ads to our site prospects, on our behalf, across the internet. they collect non-personally identifiable information about your visits to our website, and your interaction with our products and services. the anonymous information is collected through the use of a pixel tag, which is industry standard technology used by most major web sites. no personally identifiable information is collected during in this process. to read fetchback’s privacy policy, click here. if you do not want fetchback to collect this information, you may opt out of their service. opting out will not in any way effect your use of our site. to opt-out, of fetchback retargeting, please click here. visit the network advertising initiatives opt- out by clicking here.i want to place my order but i don't want to transmit my credit card number over the web.if you're uncomfortable ordering over the web please call our english speaking customer service team. our order desk is open 24/7 at 800-325-6232.how does century novelty handle online security and my personal information?ordering online with century novelty is secure and convenient. we recognize that your privacy and security are important and we are devoted to ensuring that your personal information is safe.we use the latest technology in online security such as site identification and data encryption. with site identification your browser automatically ensures that you are connected only to our web site. if a problem arises your browser will alert you to the potential loss of security.the strict data encryption that we use hides sensitive information like your name, address, and credit card information. our ordering process is protected by the secure sockets layer (ssl) protocol, which encrypts your information and confirms the identity of the century novelty server before allowing your shopping cart to be checked out. modern browsers support the ssl protocol. we recommend that you use the latest browsers to ensure that you are protected by advances in security technology.how does ssl work?when accessing an ssl-secured web site, the user's browser sends a message to the web server, requesting a secure session.the web server responds by sending the user its server certificate (which includes its public key).the user's browser will verify that the server's certificate is valid and has been signed by a certificate authority whose certificate is in the browser's database. it will also verify that the certificate authority certificate has not expired.if the certificates are all valid, the user's browser will generate a one-time, unique "session" key and encrypt it with the server's public key. the user's browser will then send the encrypted session key to the server so that they will both have a copy.the server will decrypt the message using its private key and recover the session key.this completes the ssl "handshake" process, and a secure ssl connection has been established. the entire process of establishing the ssl connection typically happens transparently to the user and takes only seconds.a key or padlock icon in the lower corner of the browser window indicates that the browser is running in secure mode. ssl is supported in the vast majority of browsers and web servers on the market.no questions asked returnshow do i return something?most items can be returned to us up to 30 days from the date your order ships-no questions asked! since many of our products are very seasonal, we cannot accept returns after 30 days.simply include a copy of your invoice with your return and send it to:centurynovelty.comattn: returns6271 commerce drwestland, mi 48185ship the package back to us at your cost using the shipping method of your choice. we suggest you use a shipping method that provides a tracking number. under no circumstances should you "refuse" delivery of a package or tell the driver to "return to sender." doing so will result in a return shipping charge (equal to your original shipping amount) and up to a 40% restocking fee.as soon as we receive your package, provided it's in saleable condition, we will immediately process your refund and credit your account for the purchase price of the returned product.unfortunately, we're unable to accept returns on items that can't be resold. you wouldn't want to receive merchandise that was already used! these items include:items used in the mouth or on the lipsitems worn on the body such as hats, wigs, and hula skirtscandy and food productsglow stick and necklace productsspecial orders (orders that received special pricing from a sales rep)sale itemshowever some items are individually packaged or wrapped. if the item you wish to return arrived to you in a wrapper and is still in the wrapper (meaning, it was not used) it may be returned (except candy. we can never accept a return on candy and food products because that is unsanitary).of course, if your purchase is defective, or if we shipped the wrong item, we will gladly send you a replacement; free of charge. please click here for more details on getting this error corrected.please ensure that your shipping address is complete and correct. if a package is returned to century novelty due to incomplete or incorrect address information or because of unsuccessful delivery attempts, a restocking fee of up to 40% of the returned merchandise total may be charged.i just returned my order. when will i get my refund?as soon as we receive your package, we will process your refund and email you an updated receipt generally within two business days.you should see this credit appear on your account within 3-6 business days. this processing time varies by financial institution. if you have questions about the amount of time it will take for the refund to post to your account, or if you don't receive the credit within 6 business days, please contact your credit/debit card bank. i received the wrong items, damaged items, or something is missing from my order. what should i do next?we're so sorry if we sent you the wrong products, damaged items, or if something was missing from your order. please email us.in your email please tell us the following:your name and order number (order number is located in the top right corner of the printed receipt or in the subject line of any email).the item number and quantity of what was missing or broken.if you received the wrong item, please tell us the item number you received. use the search function at the top of the page to search for the item.to help us correct your order efficiently let us know if you would prefer a refund or replacements.if you want replacements, when do you need them?please let us know who picked and packed your order. at the bottom of the receipt that arrived in the box are stamped letters or numbers indicating 'picked by' and 'packed by'. please provide these letters or numbers.tell us what you thinkwhy should i write a product review?your opinion counts and we're willing to pay you for it! write a review about any of the products that you ordered and receive $6 off your next online order.reviews are a great way to:provide valuable feedback for other shoppersread what others think before you buyshare with others how you used the productlet us know how we can make our products even more fun!writing a review takes a minute and will let others know:why you purchasedalternate uses for the productshow you were your party's herolet us know:how you use our productsif you were satisfiedhow we can improve our productshow do i write a review?follow these easy instructions .how do i contact the customer service department?please visit our contact us page for ways to contact our customer service department. live support we're here to help(800) 325-6232customer servicefaqsshippingorder statuscontact usprivacy policy returnstry it – you'll like it! but if you don't, many items can be returned up to 30 days later. no questions asked!learn more >century noveltyyour event and party solution since 1951 customer service we're here to help(800) 325-6232customer servicefaqsshippingorder statuscontact usprivacy policy earning your trust connect with us! safe & secure unless otherwise noted, all contents copyright © 2015 century novelty, inc. all rights reserved.