来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20141219220859/http://www.4electronicwarehouse.com/blog/
================================================================================

your electronic warehouse blog - home theater systems, speakers, custom / diy installations, cables your electronic warehouse blog by the electronics guru your source for everything electronics – reviews, recommendations, how-to's, news and more. search main menu skip to primary content skip to secondary content home post navigation ← older posts bose releases four new products posted on september 15, 2014 by freetipfriday reply this morning, bose® unveiled four new products. all of these products are available for purchase today at your electronic warehouse. bose® soundlink® on-ear bluetooth® headphones are the first on-ear bluetooth® headphones from bose®. at only 5.5 ounces, these wireless headphones travel well and the rechargeable battery is good for up to 15 hours of premium listening. a 15-minute quick charge can get you an additional 2 hours! the headphones contain two microphones so it can be used as a bluetooth® headset for making phone calls as well. the two-microphone system limits noise from wind and other ambient noises so that the person on the other end of the line hears you as clearly as you can hear them. and adaptive audio adjustment technology “automatically changes volume based on speech level and ambient noise, letting you move from a quiet building to a busy street without missing a word.” bose® sounddock® xt speaker is the newest addition to the sounddock® line up and includes support for docking ipods and iphones with lightning connectors (including the recently announced iphone 6 and iphone 6 plus). the sounddock® xt comes in yellow and dark grey. bose® solo 15 tv sound system is a one-piece sounds system designed to fit beneath an hdtv up to approximately 46″. the system includes a programmable universal remote but bose® says you won’t be forced to constantly adjust the volume because of the clear sound and proprietary technology that went into the system. a small knob on the back of the device allows a user to set the bass level as well. bose® cinemate® 15 home theater speaker system provides a new entry into the bose® sound bar home theater line up. the 12-inch wide sound bar connects directly to a tv and the bass delivering acoustimass® module can be placed up to 3 meters away. this two piece home theater system delivers room-filling sound without sacrificing quality or clarity. the system also includes a programmable universal remote. click any of the product names above to see the full product page on yew. additional images can be seen on our facebook page. check back with yew for more product announcements from bose in the coming weeks. posted in home theater, media coverage, new products, press releases, product announcements | tagged bose, cinemate, home theater, sound system, sounddock, soundlink | leave a reply go anywhere audio: the new bose® soundlink® mini posted on july 22, 2013 by your electronic warehouse reply the new soundlink® mini bluetooth speaker from bose delivers legendary bose® sound from a speaker barely larger than your smartphone. this ultra-portable, compact speaker fits in the palm of your hand, yet features the full, rich sound you’ve come to expect from the company whose name is synonymous with quality audio. the soundlink® mini speaker weighs just a pound and a half, and with a 7 by 2 inch footprint, it tucks easily away in backpack, briefcase, or even a purse. a rechargeable lithium-ion battery delivers up to seven hours of play on a single charge, and the included charging cradle allows you to play the soundlink mini while charging. the soundlink mini pairs with your smart phone, ipad®, or any bluetooth device, giving you wireless, dock-free connectivity wherever you go. the speaker will work within 30 feet of your paired bluetooth device. it also remembers your last six devices, so re-connecting is simple and convenient. but portability and connectivity are only a small part of the bose soundlink mini; as with everything bose, quality audio is the end game. and as with all bose products, full, rich sound is the starting point of design from which all else flows. so when the folks at bose come out with any new product, you can rely on the fact that it will produce a full range of performance. the mini is no exception. proprietary bose speaker technology produces exceptional clarity and a robust range of sound—including deep lows—that are almost unimaginable in a speaker of such diminutive dimensions. bose made portable listening for the soundlink mini even more convenient by offering a mini speaker car charger as part of additional sold-separately accessories, making this bundle the perfect companion for road trips or friendly get-togethers. additional accessories include a soundlink mini bluetooth speaker travel bag, that serves as a protective case for both the soundlink mini and its wall charger, as well as an exciting selection of soft covers to protect the soundlink mini while handling and listening. the soft covers are available in blue, green or orange, allowing for a customized appearance to your soundlink mini speaker while proving protection to the aluminum body from scratches or abrasions. the travel bag or soft case may be purchased as a package with the soundlink mini, or each sold-separately. we’ve come to expect nothing less from bose, and with the soundlink mini bluetooth speaker, you’ll have full rich sound that goes anywhere you do. you can find the soundlink mini bluetooth speaker and accessories online at 4electronicwarehouse.com. posted in new products, product announcements, uncategorized | tagged bluetooth speaker, bose, mobile speaker, soundlink, wireless speaker | leave a reply must have headphones – studio beats by dr. dre posted on october 31, 2011 by eelctronics guru reply similar to the solo hd beats by dr. dre, the studio beats are the over-the-ear, bigger version in the beats by dre lineup. these headphones provide extremely high quality sound, incredible noise cancellation, and great bass reproduction. although there are pros and cons to these headphones, they are an incredible piece of technology for any musician, traveler, or music lover. continue reading → posted in industry news, monster headphones, new products, product announcements, product review, recommendation | leave a reply music. whenever. wherever. posted on september 23, 2011 by your electronic warehouse reply last week, bose® launched the soundlink, a wireless speaker that connects to your mobile phone or any bluetooth® device. the soundlink is about the size of a large hardcover book and weights about the same, only 2.8 pounds. it is truly compact enough to go with you whenever and wherever. ladies, who love oversized carry bags, or men with messenger bags and backpacks, this is your instant must-have-for-the-party accessory. performance. the soundlink combines bose® proprietary technology, delivering continue reading → posted in new products | tagged bluetooth, bluetooth speaker, mobile speaker, portable speaker, soundlink, soundlink mobile, wireless speaker | leave a reply do you host outdoor parties? posted on july 20, 2011 by your electronic warehouse reply experience the benefits of outdoor speaker systems. summer is in full swing with humid heat waves, barbeques and backyard get-togethers. a music playlist can make or break a good party, help set the party tone with beautiful soundscapes. one of the most popular home improvement projects today is the installation of an outdoor speaker system. speakers are a long term investment and can last for years. whether placed within the surrounds of your home, or via wires and connections that run through your roof or the grounds, or via wireless technology so that the speaker connects to the main stereo system. you can start with a pair of speakers or set up channels, like rear surrounds and a subwoofer. take a glance at the benefits of outdoor speaker systems: continue reading → posted in recommendation | tagged benefits of outdoor speakers, creating soundscapes, outdoor entertainment, outdoor speakers | leave a reply “to the cloud!” wait…what is that? the latest innovative wireless technology. posted on july 7, 2011 by your electronic warehouse reply life before cloud technology was complicated and expensive. in the past, companies had to buy computers for employees in order to have tools to do their job effectively. in addition, the amount and variety of hardware and software required to run traditional business applications can be overwhelming. plus, the required expenses of software licenses for individual users. you can eliminate so many headaches by not managing all the hardware and software. enter cloud technology. it’s not a fad. it’s a shift from traditional software models to the internet. and it’s steadily gained momentum of the last 10 years. here’s how it works… continue reading → posted in industry news, media coverage | tagged cloud computing, cloud technology | leave a reply e3 convention highlights posted on june 10, 2011 by your electronic warehouse reply e3, electronic entertainment expo, is an annual convention where the hottest video games of the year are shown. this week wraps up the 3-day convention for 2011 in los angeles, california. tons of press conferences and interviews and demonstrations with game developers sadly draw to a close. are you wondering why yew is talking about this, if we don’t even sell video games? well, we want to know the trends in all generations of electronics and entertainment. that’s why we are bringing you just a few technology highlights from e3. here’s a brief look at the coolest tech to look forward to: continue reading → posted in 3d glasses, 3d tv, media coverage, technologies | tagged 3d glasses, 3d tv, e3 2011 highlights, lg smart tvs | leave a reply standing strong amongst the giants posted on october 29, 2010 by your electronic warehouse 2 ranked #2 on a list of 15 e-commerce mobile websites, which includes such giants as amazon, best buy, walmart.com, sears, barnes & noble, target, and eight others, is giving your electronic warehouse something to smile about today. for the week starting oct 18, 2010, only barnes & noble had a better score than your electronic warehouse on the keynote mobile commerce performance index. the mobile commerce performance index, published by internet retailer, is a third party index compiled by keynote systems, who monitors and reports on internet website performance as well as mobile website performance. this index is comprised of selected retailers, chosen by internet retailer from their annual top 500 list, to provide an industry benchmark for mobile site performance. the keynote mobile commerce performance index ranks mobile sites on the average response times, success rates and download speeds to the homepage using three of today’s most popular smartphones and service providers. over the past several weeks your electronic warehouse has been hanging out in the middle of the pack, averaging about the 7 spot. a shot up to #2 is a sign of great things to come from your electronic warehouse. mobile commerce is the future, and to be ahead of the curve is the key. your electronic warehouse is proof that even the little guys can get a chance to shine now and then. posted in industry news, media coverage, press releases | 2 replies new yamaha aventage receivers posted on august 9, 2010 by electronics guru 3 the new home theater receiver line called “aventage” (pronounced ah-ven-taj) was recently announced by yamaha and will be shipping in august and september. the lineup of five 7.2 receivers includes the rx-a700, rx-a800, rx-a1000, rx-a2000 and rx-a3000. the new receivers are the result of a meticulous design process focused of refining, re-engineering and ultimately creating new receivers from the ground-up. nothing was overlooked: circuitry, construction, custom components, reproduction qualities and even eco-friendly power consumption. the receivers all feature 3d compatible v1.4 hdmi , bluetooth and iphone support, hd audio decoding and multi-zone output for audio and video. keep reading to learn more! continue reading → posted in 3d receivers, home theater, industry news, new products | 3 replies win your entire order from your electronic warehouse and ebillme posted on june 23, 2010 by your electronic warehouse reply have you been holding off on buying a new 3d tv or maybe a new home theater system to go along with a new tv purchase? have you been trying to cut your credit card usage and going more towards a cash only payment method? if you answered “yes” to either one of those questions, or even both for that matter, then your electronic warehouse is here to help. see why below. continue reading → posted in press releases, promo | leave a reply post navigation ← older posts blog categories/tags 3d glasses (3) 3d receivers (1) 3d tv (4) bose® lifestyle® (3) buying guides (9) comparison (2) connection guide (2) hdmi (5) home theater (3) how-to (20) industry news (12) media coverage (11) monster headphones (2) new products (18) press releases (8) product announcements (10) product review (2) promo (1) ps3 (1) recommendation (10) specials (1) technologies (14) hdtv (12) uncategorized (1) blogroll 1st in video – music world, inc learn guides & technologies home theater connection guides tag cloud3d glasses 3d tv benefits of outdoor speakers bluetooth bluetooth speaker bose cinemate cloud computing cloud technology creating soundscapes e3 2011 highlights home theater lg smart tvs mobile speaker outdoor entertainment outdoor speakers portable speaker sounddock soundlink soundlink mobile sound system wireless speaker proudly powered by wordpress