来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20171207234222/http://www.4electronicwarehouse.com/blog/
================================================================================

your electronic warehouse blog home » blog » bose releases four new products this morning, bose® unveiled four new products. all of these products are available for purchase today at your electronic warehouse. bose® soundlink® on-ear bluetooth® headphones are the first on-ear bluetooth® headphones from bose®. at only 5.5 ounces, these wireless headphones travel well and the rechargeable battery is good for up to 15 hours of premium listening. a 15-minute quick charge can get you an additional 2 hours! the headphones contain two microphones so it can be used as a bluetooth® headset for making phone calls as well. the two-microphone system limits noise from wind and other ambient noises so that the person on the other end of the line hears you as clearly as you can hear them. and adaptive audio adjustment technology "automatically changes volume based on speech level and ambient noise, letting you move from a quiet building to a busy street without missing a word." bose® sounddock® xt speaker is the newest addition to the sounddock® line up and includes support for docking ipods and iphones with lightning connectors (including the recently announced iphone 6 and iphone 6 plus). the sounddock® xt comes in yellow and dark grey. bose® solo 15 tv sound system is a one-piece sounds system designed to fit beneath an hdtv up to approximately 46". the system includes a programmable universal remote but bose® says you won't be forced to constantly adjust the volume because of the clear sound and proprietary technology that went into the system. a small knob on the back of the device allows a user to set the bass level as well. bose® cinemate® 15 home theater speaker system provides a new entry into the bose® sound bar home theater line up. the 12-inch wide sound bar connects directly to a tv and the bass delivering acoustimass® module can be placed up to 3 meters away. this two piece home theater system delivers room-filling sound without sacrificing quality or clarity. the system also includes a programmable universal remote. click any of the product names above to see the full product page on yew. additional images can be seen on our facebook page. check back with yew for more product announcements from bose in the coming weeks. posted september 15th, 2014 in home theater, media coverage, new products, press releases, product announcements go anywhere audio: the new bose® soundlink® mini the new soundlink® mini bluetooth speaker from bose delivers legendary bose® sound from a speaker barely larger than your smartphone. this ultra-portable, compact speaker fits in the palm of your hand, yet features the full, rich sound you’ve come to expect from the company whose name is synonymous with quality audio. the soundlink® mini speaker weighs just a pound and a half, and with a 7 by 2 inch footprint, it tucks easily away in backpack, briefcase, or even a purse. a rechargeable lithium-ion battery delivers up to seven hours of play on a single charge, and the included charging cradle allows you to play the soundlink mini while charging. the soundlink mini pairs with your smart phone, ipad®, or any bluetooth device, giving you wireless, dock-free connectivity wherever you go. the speaker will work within 30 feet of your paired bluetooth device. it also remembers your last six devices, so re-connecting is simple and convenient. but portability and connectivity are only a small part of the bose soundlink mini; as with everything bose, quality audio is the end game. and as with all bose products, full, rich sound is the starting point of design from which all else flows. so when the folks at bose come out with any new product, you can rely on the fact that it will produce a full range of performance. the mini is no exception. proprietary bose speaker technology produces exceptional clarity and a robust range of sound—including deep lows—that are almost unimaginable in a speaker of such diminutive dimensions. bose made portable listening for the soundlink mini even more convenient by offering a mini speaker car charger as part of additional sold-separately accessories, making this bundle the perfect companion for road trips or friendly get-togethers. additional accessories include a soundlink mini bluetooth speaker travel bag, that serves as a protective case for both the soundlink mini and its wall charger, as well as an exciting selection of soft covers to protect the soundlink mini while handling and listening. the soft covers are available in blue, green or orange, allowing for a customized appearance to your soundlink mini speaker while proving protection to the aluminum body from scratches or abrasions. the travel bag or soft case may be purchased as a package with the soundlink mini, or each sold-separately. we’ve come to expect nothing less from bose, and with the soundlink mini bluetooth speaker, you’ll have full rich sound that goes anywhere you do. you can find the soundlink mini bluetooth speaker and accessories online at 4electronicwarehouse.com. posted july 22nd, 2013 in new products, product announcements, uncategorized must have headphones - studio beats by dr. dre similar to the solo hd beats by dr. dre, the studio beats are the over-the-ear, bigger version in the beats by dre lineup. these headphones provide extremely high quality sound, incredible noise cancellation, and great bass reproduction. although there are pros and cons to these headphones, they are an incredible piece of technology for any musician, traveler, or music lover. included in the box of the studio beats is the actual headphones, a high-quality monster headphone cable which does not tangle, a 1/8” to ¼” adapter (a great addition for musicians), a touring case, two aaa batteries, a monster clean cloth with advanced aegis microbe shield technology, and  the monster isonitalk cable--for the iphone, blackberry and other music phones.  also included in the box is the instruction manual on how to use the headphones. the touring case is extremely easy to transport.  made of hard shell plastic, it protects your studio beats from impairment during travel. another nice feature of the headphones is the three spongy pads--two located on the ear cups and one on the headband for added comfort. overall, the construction of the headphones is superior to other standard headphones. the studio beats are mainly made of plastic material, but have a luxury, high-quality feel. there are a few drawbacks to the studio beats, including the requirement for two aaa batteries, fingerprint-prone finish, and the sound leakage. the studio headphones require aaa batteries to work, and the estimated battery life ranges anywhere from two to three weeks. the shiny finish is fingerprint prone, but monster took this into consideration when making the headphones. they have included a cleaning cloth for an easy dusting.  if the cleaning cloth doesn't satisfy your needs, you can purchase the monster hdtv cleaning kit to help the headphones recapture their brand new look. the sound leakage is a con shared by nearly every headphone on the market.  most people are annoyed when they are able to hear somebody else’s music. a quick fix to this is to not use them in public or don’t have your volume maxed out. a few bonus features of the studio beats headphones are the detachable cable, the mute button, and the extreme comfort. the detachable cable allows you to move around--whether working or playing--without worrying about your cord getting caught on something and yanking the headphones off your head. you don’t want to risk breaking these (although there are warranty options if the headphones happen to malfunction or break--read below)!  the mute button on the right ear cup is a great feature.  with this feature, you don’t have to search around for your ipod/mp3 player to stop the music to talk to somebody.  simply push the mute button and the music is muted!  the extreme comfort of the studio headphones is perfect for the music lovers who like to listen to music for hours at a time. . the super plush ear cups stay comfortable, as does the cushion on the headband. there will never be a need to stop your enjoyment because your headphones start to give you ear pain. there are also six new limited edition colors which are available to your electronic warehouse to sell on november 16, 2011. the new colors include pink, orange, purple, green (not available to your electronic warehouse), blue, and silver. the selling price for each pair of headphones is $299. the price for the silver headphones are $349. the studio beats are a limited edition headphone for holiday 2011, make sure you get yours quick! these headphones are a must have for the audiophile and are a great investment! these headphones have a one year limited warranty, which includes a one time replacement of the headset. posted october 31st, 2011 in industry news, monster headphones, new products, product announcements, product review, recommendation music. whenever. wherever. last week, bose® launched the soundlink, a wireless speaker that connects to your mobile phone or any bluetooth® device. the soundlink is about the size of a large hardcover book and weights about the same, only 2.8 pounds. it is truly compact enough to go with you whenever and wherever. ladies, who love oversized carry bags, or men with messenger bags and backpacks, this is your instant must-have-for-the-party accessory. performance. the soundlink combines bose® proprietary technology, delivering low notes for a full-range listening experience. the sleek, modern design features a black aluminum grille and brushed chrome end caps. it has an integrated cover made of durable slate gray nylon, which protects it during transport. it’s easy to put the speaker in your bag and take it with you to a destination - to the park, the beach, apartment rooftop or anywhere you go. plus, the cover unfolds into a stand. the automatic sleep-mode feature powers down the speaker when you close the cover. additional covers are available to personalize your soundlink in burgundy or tan quality leather and red or purple nylon to match you style. the leather retails for 49.95 and the nylon for 29.95. the same prices as an apple® ipad® cover. connectivity. 30-foot wireless range lets you keep your phone or other device with you and place the soundlink speaker where you want. convenient controls for power and volume are located on speaker itself; other functions controlled by your mobile phone or other bluetooth device. no remote needed or feared to be lost! it’s simple to pair the soundlink to your smartphone. turn on the speaker, go to bluetooth settings on your phone and select the soundlink from the menu. you may link up to 6 bluetooth® devices and they’ll automatically be stored in its memory. only one little hiccup we found…if you want to add another or 7th bluetooth® device, it does not automatically kick out the first or oldest listed. in that event you do have press the reset button. thus, all your previously saved devices will be lost. helpful to note, there is a usb port for software updates ongoing bluetooth® device compatibility. portability. you can keep the party going for hours with a rechargeable lithium-ion battery; at normal volume, up to eight hours of battery-life or at maximum volume for up to four according to bose®. and the speaker has an auxiliary input for use with other devices. it's a great alternative to headphones, and more of music sharing experience. our staffers were impressed with the quality sound, spontaneous mobility and elegant durability of the soundlink. personally, my favorite use of the soundlink is for the possibility of casual outdoor parties and last-minute get-togethers with friends and family. no worries about wires, just my mobile and soundlink speaker helps set the mood quickly and easily. posted september 23rd, 2011 in new products do you host outdoor parties? experience the benefits of outdoor speaker systems. summer is in full swing with humid heat waves, barbeques and backyard get-togethers. a music playlist can make or break a good party, help set the party tone with beautiful soundscapes. one of the most popular home improvement projects today is the installation of an outdoor speaker system. speakers are a long term investment and can last for years. whether placed within the surrounds of your home, or via wires and connections that run through your roof or the grounds, or via wireless technology so that the speaker connects to the main stereo system. you can start with a pair of speakers or set up channels, like rear surrounds and a subwoofer. take a glance at the benefits of outdoor speaker systems: make your party a musical party. portable speakers lose their resonance once you move a few or more meters away. outdoor sound is great for work and for play. an outdoor speaker system lets you enjoy and enhance the experience of your outdoor activities, whether it be working the yard or playing poolside with the kids. outdoor speaker systems also enhance the value of your property. outdoor speakers or “rock speakers” are great for creating the perfect outdoor sound system. rock speakers blend into your garden, front porch, or backyard. they can conceal any unnatural-looking components. also, their high-quality sound combined with the look and color of natural rock that comes in a variety of finishes. another plus is that outdoor speakers are durable. these all-weather speakers are designed specifically for outdoor use. their construction includes exotic materials and specially designed components to resist corrosion, withstand extreme temperatures and survive exposure to uv rays. likewise they are water-resistant, to curb future maintenance costs and repair expenses. even better, niles audio offers a limited lifetime warranty on all loudspeakers. so, you can feel totally confident about your loudspeaker purchase. soundscapes tips for outdoor entertaining when choosing speakers consider size, focus on sound not price and listen for differences. it’s perfectly ok to bring your own music to sample at the store. grab a few cds or your portable music player and play some familiar pieces of music. speakers will sound different at home because of your room size, shape, and furnishings. sometimes, a retailer like us will allow a home trial. your electronic warehouse carries a wide range of amplifiers and waterproof volume controls. if you play music loudly, make sure that your receiver is rated to handle the impedance of the front speaker pair. the sr5006 receiver by marantz delivers high-performance, convenience and flexibility. it features innovative advancements for building an expanded home entertainment networks. you can stream itunes from your mac or pc, as well music stored on ipad, iphone or ipod touch with apple’s airplay®. niles has some great soundscape design tips! #1 a general guideline is to position loudspeakers 12 to 15 feet of the listening area. you provide quality sound for the listeners at comfortable volume levels, without huge amount of amplifier power. outdoor loudspeakers can also be designed to mount on walls, in corners, and under eaves. #2 more loudspeakers are better than more power – especially if you have an oversize or a particularly large outdoor area, it’s always better to add more loudspeaker than more power. you don’t want to blast the ears of listeners on the deck. #3 provide volume controls for each listening area. ideally, each listening area should have the option to adjust the volume. you want people sitting at the table to be able to adjust their music to a comfortable level, while allowing the swimmers in the pool to enjoy their music at their preferred volume level. when you create multiple listening zones, make sure you have enough power for all loudspeakers. fortunately, yew has a few system recommendations; we believe will hit the sweet spot between sound quality and convenience.  if you'd like to learn how to program your iphone to control the volume remotely, please contact 1-866-224-6171 for expert advice. these speakers will do nicely for an afternoon hazing in the sun with friends. everyone’s happy and the party rocks! posted july 20th, 2011 in recommendation “to the cloud!” wait…what is that? the latest innovative wireless technology. life before cloud technology was complicated and expensive. in the past, companies had to buy computers for employees in order to have tools to do their job effectively. in addition, the amount and variety of hardware and software required to run traditional business applications can be overwhelming. plus, the required expenses of software licenses for individual users. you can eliminate so many headaches by not managing all the hardware and software. enter cloud technology. it’s not a fad. it’s a shift from traditional software models to the internet. and it’s steadily gained momentum of the last 10 years. here’s how it works… a cloud user uses a laptop or desktop computer, tablet or smartphone with a web browser to access a cloud system via the web. they can achieve routine tasks, send and receive data and only require a single computing device. for example, you can manage documents, presentations, music, and videos. it’s possible because a network of computers via a digital network makes up the "cloud" of web servers to handle multiple applications. a great solution for those companies that don’t want to purchase hardware, just buy the computing time and storage that they actually use. the demands of the user’s side greatly decrease and instead the only thing the user needs to be able to run is the cloud computing system’s interface software, which can be as simple as a web browser. the cloud’s network takes care of the rest. pretty cool, huh? if you have an e-mail account with a web-based service like hotmail, yahoo! mail or gmail, then you've had some experience with cloud computing. instead of running an e-mail program on your computer, you log in to a web e-mail account remotely. the software and storage for your account doesn’t exist on your computer – it’s on the service’s computer cloud. the technology combines the internet, web browsers and rich applications in one. there is a significant workload shift, and a welcomed one, for many key service provider industries that need all their people always on-the-go. employees need to access the firm from anywhere they are and remote hosting services help that. according to cloud times, by 2020, forrester research projects that cloud computing business will be worth $241 billion dollars! big names like microsoft, apple, google, at&t, and verizon are all investing loads of money to capture the market. if you have enough processing power to connect to the cloud system, here are the benefits… access applications and data anywhere at anytime by the internet no need to buy the fastest computer with the most memory, the cloud stores all your information on a remote computer no hardware or software to install! 100% cloud computing infrastructures empowered users for fast, point-and-click customization, like photo-sharing on flickr save money, streamlined hardware means fewer problems with network and operating systems ok, there are a few risks… information security from illegal acts like misuse of data access privacy, especially with wireless cloud computing digital divide widens between modern wealthy and poor nations changing cloud service providers may slow your data migration sure new technology comes with new worries but cloud technology companies are meeting those immediate concerns with great confidence. however, the latest innovations in cloud computing are making business applications even more mobile and collaborative. as consumers, you want to information pushed in real time and cloud technology is leading the way to mainstream use. at your electronic warehouse, we can look forward to an exciting future of community product development. posted july 7th, 2011 in industry news, media coverage e3 convention highlights e3, electronic entertainment expo, is an annual convention where the hottest video games of the year are shown. this week wraps up the 3-day convention for 2011 in los angeles, california. tons of press conferences and interviews and demonstrations with game developers sadly draw to a close. are you wondering why yew is talking about this, if we don’t even sell video games? well, we want to know the trends in all generations of electronics and entertainment. that’s why we are bringing you just a few technology highlights from e3. here’s a brief look at the coolest tech to look forward to: kinect fun labs microsoft has long been marketing the kinect, motion-based technology for the xbox 360, and announced many new games that will be integrated next year. but the most intriguing new feature is voice control. you’ll be able to speak dialog lines and issue commands and have game characters respond. the new xbox activity is called kinect fun labs uses both voice and new kinds of gesture control are available to xbox live members today. the company also announced that google’s youtube is coming to xbox and bing will also be integrated. you’ll be able to search via voice command for content on hulu, netflix, youtube, and live tv. for those of us that don’t have a gaming system, lg already offers smart tvs for access to limitless content with many customizable applications, streaming movies and videos pre-loaded (with subscription and internet access). it has web browsing and services from netflix, hulu plus, vudu and more. they recently announced ag-s110 3d active shutter glasses with liquid crystal technology to deliver images with virtually no ghosting or image trailing. it has a rechargeable battery for long lasting entertainment. playstation hdtv at e3, sony boasted that there will be more than a 100 games available in 3d this year. almost all first and third-party playstation exclusives showcased at this year’s show can be played in 3d. and so in a major effort to make 3d gaming more accessible to everyone, sony has announced the playstation 3d display, a 24” led lcd 1080p hdtv that will retail for $499 when it launches later this year. the price is a stimulating point because currently price is the biggest obstacle for 3d tvs, and electronic retailers like us will be anxious to see how the industry leaders react. sony also exclaimed that starting this fall they will be selling more affordable 3d glasses for $69 each. it is yet to be seen if these glasses will be universally functional on all 3d tvs. besides that, this new tv has some impressive tech behind it. sony’s two player mode allows two individuals to see two separate fullscreen images using stereoscopic active shutter glasses synched to only one screen. previously, during a co-op or two-player gaming session the screen would be split down the middle, hindering the total viewing area for each player. this way both people can play without sacrificing any screen size. you get a unique, immersive experience sharing “two” tvs in one because the images superimpose on top of each other. few testers of the product did comment on subtle signs of ghosting. so, at this point it is unclear what level of development the model is and whether or not will be a persistent issue. this is not the first time we’ve seen this technology of sharing screen images on the same tv using shutter glasses. at ces, the consumer electronic show in las vegas, nv earlier this year, vizio presented their version of multiplayer mode. more importantly, we predict the future potential affordability for 3d glasses. xpand offers universal 3d glasses® for $129.99. they have been designed to have the broadest possible compatibility with today’s and tomorrow’s 3d. the xpand x103 glasses work in combination with state-of-the-art lcd technology, high-performance software, and simple and comfortable lightweight frames to deliver games, movies, pictures, and graphics in the highest quality 3d. the fast switching speed is an active solution to no headaches, ghosting or eyestrain as associated with other 3d solutions. here is a list of 3d tvs and projectors compatible with the xpand universal 3d glasses (as of march 2011): panasonic, lg, mitsubishi (with compatible emitter), phillips, samsung, sony, sharp, toshiba microsoft is positioning itself with this kinect fun labs technology to platform with individual developers or the general public in creating a community that invites innovation from everyone. meanwhile, sony may have success in popularizing 3d using its playstation brand. this new morsel of gaming information from e3 helps drive innovative technology and entertainment industries. we can get excited how to use the capabilities of these technologies, versus traditional entertainment systems. posted june 10th, 2011 in 3d glasses, 3d tv, media coverage, technologies standing strong amongst the giants ranked #2 on a list of 15 e-commerce mobile websites, which includes such giants as amazon, best buy, walmart.com, sears, barnes & noble, target, and eight others, is giving your electronic warehouse something to smile about today. for the week starting oct 18, 2010, only barnes & noble had a better score than your electronic warehouse on the keynote mobile commerce performance index. the mobile commerce performance index, published by internet retailer, is a third party index compiled by keynote systems, who monitors and reports on internet website performance as well as mobile website performance. this index is comprised of selected retailers, chosen by internet retailer from their annual top 500 list, to provide an industry benchmark for mobile site performance. the keynote mobile commerce performance index ranks mobile sites on the average response times, success rates and download speeds to the homepage using three of today's most popular smartphones and service providers. over the past several weeks your electronic warehouse has been hanging out in the middle of the pack, averaging about the 7 spot. a shot up to #2 is a sign of great things to come from your electronic warehouse. mobile commerce is the future, and to be ahead of the curve is the key. your electronic warehouse is proof that even the little guys can get a chance to shine now and then. posted october 29th, 2010 in industry news, media coverage, press releases new yamaha aventage receivers the new home theater receiver line called "aventage" (pronounced ah-ven-taj) was recently announced by yamaha and will be shipping in august and september. the lineup of five 7.2 receivers includes the rx-a700, rx-a800, rx-a1000, rx-a2000 and rx-a3000. the new receivers are the result of a meticulous design process focused of refining, re-engineering and ultimately creating new receivers from the ground-up. nothing was overlooked: circuitry, construction, custom components, reproduction qualities and even eco-friendly power consumption. the receivers all feature 3d compatible v1.4 hdmi , bluetooth and iphone support, hd audio decoding and multi-zone output for audio and video. keep reading to learn more! the aventage difference double bottom construction: additional support for power transformer and heat sinks, and also adds rigidity to help improve overall performance optimized power amplifier layout: symmetrical layout improves signal-to-noise (s-n) ratio with uniform balanced vibration and control for a better sound experience specially designed 5th foot: the anti-resonance technology (a.r.t. wedge) improves structural rigidity and reduces vibration ultra-low jitter circuitry: jitter from digital sources, including hdmi, are reduced using a more precise timing control hybrid power supply: the analog and digital circuit have their own power supplies, which means less consumption in standby mode and a more efficient power transformer h-shaped cross-member frame: internal bracing reduces vibration and adds support for the transformer and heat skinks high-quality dacs: the path from ground to dac is no longer shared, so a direct connection is achieved zip ties to ground: minimize magnetic interference and reduces unwanted radio frequency interference yamaha built: receivers are designed, manufactured and assembled in yamaha-owned facilities and come with a 3-year warranty custom designed parts: standard components produce standard performance, but custom parts produce incredible performance high grade terminals: heavier grade materials and wider spacing make cable connections easier and more secure best in class processors: cinema dsp processors, dolby digital truehd, dts-hd master audio, hqv vida video processor enhanced virtual presence: re-creation of 3d sound locations and directions from simple speaker configurations yamaha automated calibration: yamaha parametric acoustic optimizer is a simple, automatic way to optimize the sound for your room 3rd party control: interoperable with home control manufacturers web control: compatible with internet explorer, firefox and safari web browsers control app: for iphone/ipod touch provides control over select aventage model receivers compare aventage features/specifications receiver rx-a700 rx-a800 rx-a1000 rx-a2000 rx-a3000 power  (watts) 630 665 735 910 980 hdmi v1.4  (3d, audio return) 7 8 10 10 10 bluetooth compatible yes yes yes yes yes iphone/ipod compatible yes yes yes yes yes hd audio (dolby/dts) yes yes yes yes yes ethernet port no no yes yes yes 7.2 channels yes yes yes yes yes front usb no no yes yes yes d/a conversion 192khz/24-bit 192khz/24-bit 192khz/24-bit 192khz/24-bit 192khz/24-bit multizone yes, 2 yes, 2 yes, 3 yes, 3 yes, 4 ir and rs-232c yes yes yes yes yes ypao calibration yes yes yes yes yes surround programs 17 17 17 17 17 posted august 9th, 2010 in 3d receivers, home theater, industry news, new products win your entire order from your electronic warehouse and ebillme have you been holding off on buying a new 3d tv or maybe a new home theater system to go along with a new tv purchase? have you been trying to cut your credit card usage and going more towards a cash only payment method? if you answered "yes" to either one of those questions, or even both for that matter, then your electronic warehouse is here to help. see why below. now is the time to buy that big ticket item your electronic warehouse has partnered with online payment service ebillme to bring their customers the "hey big spender" promotion. the "hey big spender" promo is a contest where one lucky ebillme customer will win their entire purchase, up to $5,000. the premise is simple, every time you place an order with your electronic warehouse, or any of their sister companies, you will be entered into the "hey big spender" promo. the customer with the largest single order amount at the end of the promo wins. it's that simple. so if you have been thinking about purchasing that new home theater system or even an 82" 3d tv, now is the time to make that big purchase. the more you spend the better chance you have to get that purchase completely free. and what makes this promo even better, use ebillme and shop debt free. how? continue reading. not using credit cards makes it difficult to shop online your electronic warehouse has partnered with ebillme in order to offer our customers a new way to pay with cash for their online purchases. what is the advantage of paying with cash? no more credit card interest. paying by cash helps you get out of debt. there are two different methods of online cash payment. first, check out using ebillme and send us payment using online bill-pay directly from you banks online portal. unlike online checks, we don't need any personal information for this, no check routing numbers, no account numbers, you control everything on your end, just like when you pay your electric bill online. the other way to do this is to select ebillme at check out and then choose the walk-in method of payment. ebillme has 1,000s of walk-in payment centers around the country where you can take your cash payment to pay for your online purchase. so if you don't do online banking (then you need to start, everyone is doing it these days) then this option makes the most sense. the great thing about this payment type is it allows customers who don't use or want credit cards to still be able to shop online securely. so whether you have had an epiphany in your financial situation and cut up all your credit cards, or have been holding off that big screen tv of your dreams purchase, you no longer have to worry. your electronic warehouse and ebillme's "hey big spender" promo is here to relieve that stress. and hey, your whole purchase could be free if you dream big enough. posted june 23rd, 2010 in press releases, promo more... phone 1-866-224-6171 customer service hours mon-fri: 8am-7pm cst saturday: 9am-5pm cst address your electronic warehouse 2828 broadway stx quincy., il 62301 popular products popular categories popular brands yamaha pdx-30 bose in ear headset 2 bose acoustimass 10 bose acoustimass 5 bose sound dock bose cinemate 1 sr bose sounddock portable ipod portable speaker bose in ear headphones ie2 monster 1000hd monster 700hd monster 500hd lady gaga heartbeats headphones monster headphones bose speakers bose acoustimass bose home theater hdmi cable bose headphones yamaha receivers pioneer receivers monster cables home theater installation monster video monster hdmi monster power ipod speakers sherwood receivers bose monster cable niles audio sherwood email sign up! sign up for news and sale notices. be the first to know! first name last name email address all fields required copyright© 1997-2017 your electronic warehouse designated trademarks and brands are the property of their respective owners. about us · blog · customer service · affiliates · privacy statement · mobile site · site map save $150 : bose wave music system iv - details » save $50 : bose soundtrue ultra in-ear headphones - details » save $20 : bose® soundsport® wireless, pulse headphones - details » save 10% : bose® soundtouch® one-piece systems - details » save 10% : bose® solo 5 series tv sound system - details » buy bose® lifestyle® 650 home entertainment system and get soundtouch® - details » buy bose® lifestyle® 600 home entertainment system and get soundtouch® - details » new! bose soundlink revolve bt speaker - details » new! bose quietcomfort 35 wireless ii headphones - details » new! bose soundsport free wireless headphones - details » new! bose soundlink micro bluetooth speaker - details » brands  | specials  | service  | order status  | my cart: 0 items just added to your shopping cart product qty price total items in cart: 0 total: $0.00 continue shopping see all items / checkout | checkout search 1-866-224-6171 tv & video | home theater & audio | headphones | ipod, iphone, ipad accessories | custom installation | home, travel & leisure | other shop by category tv & video accessories (4) see more categories » shop by brand bose® (1) monster® (2) niles audio (1) see more brands » shop by category audio (6) home theater (3) home theater & audio accessori (4) speakers (25) see more categories » shop by brand beats by dr. dre (1) bose® (31) monster® (3) niles audio (2) see more brands » category specials home theater & audio specials » shop by category headphone accessories (2) in ear headphones (3) noise canceling (3) over ear headphones (1) wireless headphones (9) see more categories » shop by brand beats by dr. dre (5) bose® (12) see more brands » category specials headphones specials » shop by category cases & covers (3) docks & cables (1) headphones (15) speakers (1) iport (2) see more categories » shop by brand bose® (4) iport (2) see more brands » shop by category audio installation (23) bose link (5) cable installation (15) custom installation accessorie (8) see more categories » shop by brand bose® (11) boston acoustics (1) iport (1) monster® (11) niles audio (26) see more brands » shop by category golf electronics (2) home & office (1) travel accessories (3) see more categories » shop by brand club glove (1) garmin (1) izzo (1) monster® (1) neurowave (1) samsonite (1) see more brands » shop by category golf gps (1) see more categories » shop by brand izzo (1) see more brands » 1-866-224-6171 my cart: 0 items checkout back to top ↑