来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20131231215914/http://store.sony.com/-cms-page.content.sony.rewards
================================================================================

sony store - sony us 0 consumer store student store business store 1-877-865-7669loginmy accountsony rewardsfind a sony storesupportearn 5x sony rewards pointsspecial offerssign up for savingsfree shipping on orders over $25 search computers & tablets vaio laptops vaio desktops tablets software accessories computer special offers meet the exclusive vaio | red edition. view excitingly new vaio pcs. save $50 on a tap 11 tablet pc. televisions sony hdtvs xbr 4k ultra hd tvs home theater projectors 3d personal viewer accessories television special offers leave installation to the pros. pay as you go with financing options. step up to astonishing 4k clarity. home theater home theater speakers & components blu-ray, dvd, & internet players home theater projectors movies accessories home theater special offers leave installation to the pros. pay as you go with financing options. step up to the premium es line. digital cameras alpha dslr cameras alpha nex cameras cyber-shot compact cameras lenses accessories digital cameras special offers get credit for trading in your old camera. full frame. no compromise. meet the a7. introducing the mini rx10 with mega zoom. video cameras handycam camcorders advanced camcorders action cam professional video equipment accessories video cameras special offers pre-order the new hdr-mv1 music video recorder. tell your story in breathtaking 4k. earn credit trading in old sony products. portable audio headphones & earbuds portable mp3 players & docks small home electronics car & marine accessories portable audio special offers turn up the intensity with x headphones. get peace of mind with protection plus. mobile phones all android smartphones t-mobile phones (requires activation) unlocked phones smartwatch accessories mobile phone special offers get xperia z on t-mobile with $0 down. trade-in your old phone towards a new one. playstation playstation 4 playstation 3 playstation vita video games accessories playstation special offers see what’s on playstation network. reward yourself free to join, sony rewards is the ultimate entertainment rewards program bursting at the seams with everything from the hottest gadgets to once-in-a-lifetime experiences that get you up-close and personal with your favorite celebrities. earn 5 points for every $1 dollar spent this holiday season. completely free to join. use points towards every product on our site and in our stores. new to sony rewards? joining is as easy as 1, 2, 3. create or log in to your sony store account. click on sony rewards points once you’ve logged in. fill out a few details and start earning 5 points for every $1 spent. join now important member info before you can start earning 5 points for every $1 spent, you’ll need to relink your sony rewards account to your sony store account – but it’s all very easy. log in to your sony store account. click on sony rewards points. fill in your sony rewards login and password and you’ll be all set. link now more ways to earn shop at sony earn at least 1 point per $1 at sony store online. enroll now use a sony cardsm earn 5x more points by paying with a sony card at sony store online. catch a sony movie upload ticket stubs and score points. register sony blu-ray™ or dvd movies select titles add even more points. discover more ways to earn get things you love points equal rewards sony products playstation® games movies and music exclusive vip experiences so much more not enough points? not a problem. simply select any of the available payment methods to pay the remaining balance. sign up for ways to redeem check out sony rewards to sign up for additional ways to redeem your points, including exclusive vip entertainment experiences. frequently asked questions 1. how do i earn points at sony store? • you earn 1 sony rewards point for every dollar spent at sony store online. • if there are bonus offers, additional points may be earned. • once your sony rewards account is all set up, don’t forget to link it to your sony store account. in the future, you may simply log in using your sony store account information to start earning points on all your sony store purchases. • sony rewards points earned for your purchase will automatically be added to your account. • link your sony rewards account to a sony store account to make it even easier to earn points the next time you shop. 2. how do i use my sony rewards points to pay for an order? • choose to pay with sony rewards points during checkout. • provide your sony rewards account information when prompted. • enter the number of points you wish to use towards your purchase. • finish checking out. 3. when will i earn points on my order? • points will not appear on your sony rewards account until your products have shipped. points are credited only on the product price and exclude taxes, shipping and other fees. to see this information, please view your order details. 4. can i get points for an order i already placed? • yes. you can go to your order details under my account or your order confirmation email and log in or create a rewards account to earn points for any order placed within 30 days. 5. which products can i receive by redeeming my sony rewards points? • any of the amazing products found on our site, as well as exciting vip entertainment experiences. learn more 6. why can't i see my available sony rewards points in checkout? • you must log in to your sony rewards account at store.sony.com to view your available sony rewards points. 7. i am ready to use my sony rewards points to pay for my order. why am i being asked to provide my sony rewards account information during checkout? • your sony rewards account information is used to confirm your sony rewards points balance. 8. i don't have enough sony rewards points to pay for my order. how can i pay for the balance? • during checkout, select any of the available payment methods to cover the remaining balance on your order. 9. may i apply gift cards or promotional offers to my order when paying with sony rewards points? • yes. just enter the gift card or promotional information during checkout. 10. can i use sony rewards points i've earned by using my sony card? • yes. you can use the sony rewards account that already has your sony card associated, or you can create a new sony rewards account with your sony card associated. • when creating your new sony rewards account, please be sure to enter all requested sony card data in order to use your sony rewards points on your next purchase. 11. when i pay with sony rewards points, can i get a purchase refund or exchange? • orders purchased using sony rewards points will follow the standard sony return policy. for more information, please review our return policy here. 12. what is the benefit of having a sony store account when earning or redeeming my sony rewards points? • once you've linked your sony rewards account to a sony store account, you'll automatically earn points on all your sony store purchases whenever you're logged into your sony store account. you can still earn points while checking out as a guest, but your sony rewards login and password will be needed for each order. 13. how do i link my sony rewards account to my sony store account? • you only need to log in to your sony store account once while logged into your sony rewards account and the two will be linked for all future sony store online shopping. 14. are sony rewards points ever deducted? • yes. if you return a product or cancel an order, the sony rewards points earned on that purchase will be deducted. 15. where can i find more information? • visit sony rewards to discover more. view all faqs 5x promotion official terms & conditions to qualify for the "earn 5x sony rewards" promotion, the guest must (i) already be a sony rewards member or enroll during promotion period; and (ii) complete a purchase during promotion period at store.sony.com, 1-877-865-7669 or at any retail sony store in the united states. promotion period is defined as november 3, 2013 12:00 a.m. et through november 16, 2013 at 11:59 p.m. et. members will earn a base of 1 point per dollar spent, plus a bonus of 4 points per dollar spent on all purchases. the number of sony rewards points a member will receive will vary, depending upon the purchase amount. purchases completed after november 16, 2013 will not qualify. products that are pre-ordered online before november 3, 2013 will not qualify to earn bonus points. bonus points will be awarded on total dollar spent online, in store or via 1-877-865-7669. members who enroll in store must complete their sony rewards account setup with user name and password to see earned base points posted to their account. members who complete purchases in store should allow up to three weeks for the bonus points to be posted to their account. no limit on 5x offers per member. subject to complete program terms and conditions at sonyrewards.com. shop by phone 1-877-865-7669 connect facebookpinteresttwitterflickr get the inside scoop on all things sony. pro compact camera capture every detail with the rx100 ii. vaio flip pc work, play or display with a flip. 4k ultra hd tv see how sony 4k tv is changing everything. sony rewards earn 5x sony rewards points on every purchase. join now learn more manage your rewards find it fast vaio laptops tablets video cameras smart phones sony tvs playstation digital cameras headphones accessories gift cards stores find a sony storesony authorized dealerstudent storebusiness storeaffiliate programauthorized retailer network support product support pc setup & support servicesmobile phone setup & support servicestv & home theater installationextended service planssony communityproduct manualsproduct registration orders my accountorder trackingwish listcustomer servicereturns / exchangesfaqssony financingsony card savings certified pre-owned productsspecial offerstrade-in and recycling program sign up for savings ﻿ sign up & save receive up-to-the-minute deals and savings via email. email: submit get the latest deals by text.copyright © 2013 sony electronics inc. all rights reserved.terms & conditionswebsite termssitemapprivacy policy/your california privacy rightssite feedbackfeedbackmore sony sites more sony sites close sony entertainment network sony playstation crackle sony pictures movies and television programs from sony pictures. playmemories store and access all of your photos and videos in one place. reader store books, magazines and more. shop all your favorite titles. sony professional broadcast and professional video and audio solutions. sony music local artists and international superstars of recorded music. sony mobile latest xperia phones and tablets, plus apps and services. sony online entertainment ultimate online gaming destination your pc and console. e-support product support, faqs, drivers, downloads and more.