来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20241224000223/https://www.grove.co/policies/
================================================================================

policies | grove collaborative menutable of contents:privacy policyterms of usereferral policy accessibility (ada) policy cookie policyrefund policygrove collaborative privacy policy effective date: july 12, 2023 grove collaborative operates an ecommerce service and related services through grove.com, grove.co, mobile applications, and related sites accessible to mobile devices, tablets, and other connected devices (collectively, the “grove collaborative service” or “service”). as used in this policy, “grove collaborative” refers to grove collaborative, inc. and its subsidiaries. we may refer to grove collaborative as “we”, “us”, or “our”. we may refer to you as “consumer”, “you”, or “your”. this privacy policy describes the personally identifiable information from or about an individual ("personal information") that we gather from you, how we use and disclose that information, and the ways in which you can control how we use and share it. by using our service or when applying for or accepting a position with us, you acknowledge that you have read, understood and agreed to the terms of this privacy policy. if you are unable to review or access this privacy policy and require assistance, please contact us at: support@grove.co. when you use the service, this privacy policy is incorporated into and is subject to the grove collaborative terms of use. please make sure that you have carefully read and understand the grove collaborative terms of use before you use our service. capitalized terms that are not defined in the privacy policy have the meaning given to them in the grove collaborative terms of use. residents of california, colorado, connecticut, nevada, utah, and virginia may have additional rights. please see our supplemental privacy notices for each of these states. type of information we collect how information is collected. grove collaborative collects your information in two ways: directly (for example, when you provide information when you use or visit the service or submit a job application). indirectly (for example, through technology used within the service or within our talent management tools). information that you give us directly we receive and store any information you voluntarily give to us when you use the service, submit a job application or work for us. you may choose not to provide certain information, but then you might not be able to use the service, take advantage of certain service features, or complete job related activity with us. you provide most of this information when you interact with the service or our talent management tools. some examples of of this type of information are below. when you create an account or login to your account, the information that we request such as your first and last name, email address, shipping address, billing address, phone number, and password. when you order products on our service, the information necessary to complete the transaction, such as your name, items purchased, special instructions, date and time of order, purchase price information, limited credit card information (last four digits and expiration date), billing information and shipping information. when you interact with certain service features, the information that you provide during that interaction, such as (i) product reviews, (ii) information required to participate in one of our sweepstakes, giveaways, contests, customer panels, or other programs, (iii) information that you submit or provide if you choose to participate in one of our surveys, quizzes, or other questionnaries - including the grove wellness quiz, and (iv)information required to verify your identity. please do not post or add personal information in your reviews. when you contact us, the information that you provide and the information that we need to respond, such as your name, email address, your message to us, and our response. when you visit us at our offices or locations, information that you provide, such as your name and email address and information gathered from security surveillance. when you interact with us as part of a business relationship, professional information that you provide such as your job title and information about your employer. information that you give us via the grove careers page you can search for open positions and apply for a job with grove collaborative through our careers site. when you submit a job application with us, you provide requested information, such as your name, email address, postal address, telephone number, military or veteran status, job history, and educational information. if you send us an email regarding a position, the information we receive is the information you include in your cover letter, resume and email message. by providing us with your information in connection with employment opportunities, you authorize us to transmit and store your information in our recruitment database, to circulate that information as necessary for the purpose of evaluating your qualifications for job openings with grove collaborative, and to contact you about possible employment opportunities. if you are hired by grove collaborative, the information you provide during the recruiting process will become part of our employee records. information collected automatically when you use the service, we collect information automatically to help us operate and improve the service or process a job or business related interaction, such as the internet protocol (ip) address used to connect your computer to the internet; device data, login; email address; password; computer and connection information such as browser type, version, and time zone setting, browser plug-in types and versions, operating system, and platform; the full uniform resource locator (url); information regarding your interaction with our service and advertisements; inferences such as recommendations of products based on your purchase or browsing history; clickstream to, through, and from any of our internet web sites, including date and time; cookie number; products you viewed or searched for; and the phone number you used to call our 800 number. we may also use browser data such as cookies or similar technologies on certain parts of our website for business processes, fraud prevention and other purposes. for details about how we use these technologies, and your opt-out opportunities and other options, please see our cookie policy. we receive information from you and third-parties that helps us approximate your location. during some visits we may use software tools such as javascript to measure and collect session information, including page response times, download errors, length of visits to certain pages, page interaction information (such as scrolling, clicks, and mouse-overs), and methods used to browse away from the page. we may also collect technical information to help us identify your device for fraud prevention and diagnostic purposes. information from other sources we may receive or collect information about you from third parties and combine and store it on our servers with other information we may have already received or collected from you. we may store this information or combine it with information we collect in other ways. some examples include: service partners that provide or make available advertising, features and functionality, and content on or through the service. partners that collect and maintain information on their consumers. these partners may provide grove collaborative with certain information about those consumers for the purposes of serving advertisements and/or marketing offers to their consumers. marketing companies and data providers that create, maintain, and distribute professional marketing lists or segments, or maintain and distribute other marketing, or similar information. governmental or quasi-governmental agencies or organizations that provide or make available, to the public, census and demographic data. third-party social media websites, applications, or services that you use, when we allow those websites, applications, or services to interact through the service to provide personalized services to you. in some cases, those websites, applications, or services may automatically provide us with information about you to facilitate personalization unless you use the controls available on those websites, applications, or services to opt-out of such sharing. how we use the information that we collect we use your personal information in ways that help us operate and improve the service and complete requested business activities. some examples include: to fulfill your requests or to meet the reason you provided the information. for example, if you share your name and contact information to ask a question about our products or service, we will use that personal information to respond to your inquiry. if you provide your personal information to purchase a product or service, we will use that information to process your payment and facilitate delivery. we may also save your information to facilitate new product orders or process returns. if you choose to provide responses to the grove wellness quiz to help you identify which products might meet you needs, we will use this information such as your email, nutritional needs, health concerns, dietary preferences, and other health-related information to display, email and offer product information. to personalize and provide the service, such as to identify you as a consumer, to establish and maintain your account, to remember your information so that you do not have to re-enter it, to provide the transactions that you request, to assess the current and future needs of your household, to process and fulfill your orders, provide refunds. to contact you for administrative purposes, legal purposes, and certain service-related purposes, such as to send you emails, text messages, or other communications about your orders, consumer support requests, and products and services that we believe may interest you. for marketing and advertising purposes, such as displaying content based upon your interests or providing promotional and advertising materials (either directly or through our service providers) about our products and services, including relevant product information based on your responses to our wellness quiz. you may opt-out of our marketing communications by submitting a request by clicking here. to contract or partner with third parties to provide specialized services on our behalf, such as development, hosting, analytics, maintenance, payment processing, products, shipping, message delivery, payment processors, consumer support, ad servers or other providers of advertising services, platform technology providers, bulk email processors, parties who assist us with sweepstakes management and prize fulfillment, and other services relating to the operation of the service. to test, research, and analyze our services. to help maintain the safety, security, and integrity of our service, databases and other technology assets, and business. to evaluate any job applications you may submit to us. to respond to law enforcement requests and as required by applicable law, court order, or governmental regulations. to execute any other purpose disclosed to you at the time we collect or receive the information, or otherwise with your consent. when we disclose the information that we collect we will share categories of your personal information for business purposes with certain third parties that help us perform our business operations or that you designate to receive such information, including other websites, social media platforms, other individuals, and other businesses. for example, we may disclose your personal information to: service providers who provide specialized services on our behalf such as development, hosting, analytics, maintenance, payment processing, products, shipping, message delivery, text messaging, consumer support, ad servers or other providers of advertising services, platform technology providers, bulk email processors, talent management tools, benefits providers, parties who assist us with sweepstakes management and prize fulfillment, and other services relating to the operation of our business. third party payment processors who process your payment when you make a purchase on the service. we rely on these third parties (such as paypal and stripe) to collect and process directly payment and financial information you provide to pay for your purchases. the terms and policies regarding the security practices of and use of your information by the payment processors is governed by the terms and conditions of these third parties, and we encourage you to read their terms carefully before submitting your information. other parties that we think are necessary to: (i) take precautions against liability; (ii) protect grove collaborative and others from fraudulent, abusive, or unlawful uses or activity; (iii) investigate and defend ourselves against any third party claims or allegations; (iv) protect the security or integrity of the service; and/or (v) protect the rights, property, or personal safety of grove collaborative, our users, or others. we may also disclose your information if required to do so by law or if we believe that such action is necessary to comply with state and federal laws; in response to a court order, judicial or other government subpoena or warrant; or to otherwise cooperate with law enforcement activity. if we engage in a joint promotion with a business partner, we may share your contact information with our business partner to be used in relation to the promotion. we may share aggregated or non-personal information (such as the number of daily visitors to a particular web page or the size of an order placed on a certain date) with third parties such as advertising partners. we can also share your personal information as part of a sale, merger or change in control, or in preparation for any of these events. any other entity which buys grove collaborative or part of our business will have the right to continue to use your information, but only in the manner set out in this privacy policy unless you agree otherwise. use of anonymized information we anonymize and aggregate certain personal information we collect (so that it does not directly identify you). we may use anonymized information for purposes that include testing, research, data analysis, and service improvements. we may also share such anonymized information with others. information you provide about others if you provide personal information about another person (“others") in connection with using the service (such as programs through which refer a friend or family member) or interacting with grove collaborative in a business relationship (such as on job applications or to complete employment benefit information), we rely upon you to obtain any consents from others that may be required by law to allow us to use the personal information of such others. we will use the personal information of such others as set forth in this privacy policy. data retention we retain information from or about you for so long as necessary to fulfill the purposes outlined in this privacy policy. when the information is no longer necessary for these purposes, we may delete it or keep it in a form that does not identify you, unless we are required by law to keep this information for a longer period. when determining the retention period, we take into account various criteria, such as the type of products and services requested by or provided to you, the nature and length of our relationship with you, possible re-enrolment with our products or services, the impact on the services we provide to you if we delete some information from or about you, mandatory retention periods provided by law and the statute of limitations. you may have a right to request deletion of your personal information if you are a resident of certain states, and we will use commercially reasonable efforts to honor your request where required by law. however, we may be required to keep certain personal information and not delete it or to retain personal information for a certain time. in these cases, we will comply with your deletion request only after we have fulfilled applicable requirements. deleted personal information is removed from grove collaborative’s active database, but may remain in our archives. we may also retain your personal information for fraud prevention or similar purposes. links to third party services the service may also contain features or links to websites and services provided by third parties that we do not operate and are outside of our control. any personal information you provide on these third party sites or services is provided directly to that third party and is subject to that third party's policies, if any, governing privacy and security, even if accessed through the service. please exercise caution and review their applicable privacy and security policies before providing them with personal information. we are also not responsible for any products or services you may purchase from these third-party sites. we do not and will not provide any representations or recommendations in relation to any of the information and suggestions comprised within the services. we do not guarantee or endorse the products or services offered by the third party. you are deemed to be responsible for and shall use your own skill and judgment as to, the quality, value and suitability of such information and suggestions and in deciding whether to enter into any contract with any third party for the supply of services or sale of goods. our commitment to children's privacy we do not knowingly allow children under 16 years of age to use the service or knowingly collect or maintain personal information from persons under 13 years of age. if you are under 16 years of age, then please do not use or access the service at any time or in any manner. if a child under 13 submits personal information to grove collaborative and we learn that the personal information is the information of a child under 16, we will attempt to delete the information as soon as possible. if you believe that we might have any personal information from a child under 16, please contact us at legal@grove.co. our commitment to data security we use certain physical, managerial, and technical controls that are designed to improve the integrity and security of your personal information. we cannot, however, ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to us over the internet or store on the service and you do so at your own risk. we also cannot guarantee that such information will not be accessed, disclosed, altered, or destroyed by breach of any of our physical, technical, or managerial controls. if we learn of a security systems breach, then we may attempt to notify you electronically so that you can take appropriate protective steps. we may post a notice through the service if a security breach occurs. depending on where you live, you may have a legal right to receive notice of a security breach in writing. to receive a free written notice of any security breaches, you should notify us at support@grove.co. international visitors the service is hosted in the united states and is intended solely for consumers located within the united states. if you choose to use the service from the european union or other regions of the world with laws governing data collection and use that may differ from u.s. law, then please note that you are transferring your personally identifiable information outside of those regions to the united states for storage and processing, and by providing your personally identifiable information on the service you consent to that transfer, storage, and processing. please note that the united states does not have the same data protection laws as the european union and other regions. changes and updates to this privacy policy please revisit this page periodically to stay aware of any changes to this privacy policy. if we modify this privacy policy, we will make the modified version available through the service and update the last updated data above. in the event that the modifications materially alter your rights or obligations hereunder, we will make reasonable efforts to notify you of the change. our amended privacy policy will automatically take effect 30 days after it is made available through the service, and if you do not agree with any changes to the privacy policy, you may terminate your account and stop using the service. your continued use of the service after the revised privacy policy has become effective indicates that you have read, understood and agreed to the then-current version of the privacy policy. our contact information please contact us with any questions or comments about this privacy policy, your personal information, our use and disclosure practices, or your consent choices by e-mail at dataprivacy@grove.co. you may also contact us at the following address: grove collaborative, inc.1301 sansome streetsan francisco, ca 94111 supplemental state specific privacy notice this supplemental state specific privacy notice (“supplemental state notice”) applies only to personal information collected about consumers residing in california, colorado, connecticut, nevada, utah, and virginia and supplements the information contained in the privacy policy. it provides information required under the california consumer privacy act of 2018, as amended by the california privacy rights act of 2020 (collectively, the “ccpa”), the colorado privacy act of 2021 (the “cpa”), the connecticut data privacy act of 2022 (“cdpa”) the nevada privacy act (the “npa”), the utah consumer privacy act of 2022 (the “ucpa”) and the virginia consumer data protection act of 2021 (the “vcdpa”) (all of which are collectively referred to as the “state privacy laws”) and their related regulations. this supplemental state notice describes our practices regarding the collection, use, and disclosure of personal information and instructions for submitting data subject requests for consumers residing in states covered by the state privacy laws. if you are unable to review or access this supplemental state notice and require assistance, please contact us at: support@grove.co. definitions used in this policy“consumer” means a natural person who resides in california, colorado, connecticut, nevada, utah and virginia and to whom we offer the services. for purposes of this supplemental policy, this term includes natural persons who reside in california and engage with us as part of business-to-business transactions, submit a job application to grove collaborative or work for grove collaborative. “personal information” means information that identifies, relates to, describes, is reasonably capable of being associated with, or could reasonably be linked, directly or indirectly, with a particular consumer or household. personal information includes “personal data” as that term is defined in the cpa, vcdpa, ucpa, npa and cdpa. personal information also includes “sensitive personal information,” as defined below. “sensitive personal information” means personal information that reveals a consumer’s: 1) social security, driver’s license, state identification card, or passport number; 2) account log-in, financial account number, debit card number, or credit card number in combination with any required security or access code, password, or credentials allowing access to the individual’s account; 3) precise geolocation; 4) racial or ethnic origin; 5) religious beliefs; 5) union membership; 6) contents of email or text messages, unless we are the intended recipient; 7) genetic data; 8) biometric information used to uniquely identify the consumer, and 9) health information, sex life, or sexual orientation. sensitive personal information also includes “sensitive data” as that term is defined in the ccpa, cpa, cdpa, ucpa, and vcdpa. “third party” means a person or organization which is not a consumer, service provider, or an entity owned or controlled by us and as defined by the ccpa, cpa, cdpa, ucpa, and vcdpa. “service provider” means a “vendor,” “contractor,” or “processor” which collects, stores, or otherwise handles data for us, as those terms are defined in the ccpa, cpa, cdpa, npa, ucpa, and vcdpa. other terms used in this supplemental state notice are as defined under the cpa, cpa, cdpa, npa, ucpa, and/or vcdpa. if a definition varies under the different laws, the definition that applies in your state will apply. for example, if you are a california consumer, terms used in this supplemental state notice will have the definition used in the ccpa. the personal information we collect and disclose below is a summary of the personal information we may collect (including the information collected from consumers over the past 12 months), the reason we collect the personal information, the types of sources from which each category of personal information is collected, and the type of third parties with whom we may share consumer personal information. as the summary shows, we may share or sell personal information to third parties or disclose certain personal information to service providers for business purposes.the section references relate to the sections above in the privacy policy. type of informationsources of informationhow we use informationhow we share informationidentifiers (such as a name, address, unique personal identifier, email, phone number) type of information we collect category of use of cookies how we use the information that we collect description data retention when we disclose the information that we collect links to third party services user records such as account and password information type of information we collect how we use the information that we collect data retention when we disclose the information that we collect links to third party services commercial information such as records of products or services purchased, obtained, or considered type of information we collect category of use of cookies how we use the information that we collect description data retention when we disclose the information that we collect links to third party services third party cookies internet/electronic activity type of information we collect category of use of cookies how we use the information that we collect description data retention when we disclose the information that we collect links to third party services third party cookies geolocation (outside of 1750 feet) type of information we collect category of use of cookies how we use the information that we collect description data retention when we disclose the information that we collect links to third party services third party cookies demographic information type of information we collect how we use the information that we collect data retention when we disclose the information that we collect links to third party services sensory data, such as audio, electronic, visual (including support calls and video clips) or other similar information type of information we collect category of use of cookies how we use the information that we collect description data retention when we disclose the information that we collect links to third party services third party cookies inferences about preferences, characteristics type of information we collect category of use of cookies how we use the information that we collect description when we disclose the information that we collect links to third party services third party cookies sensitive information which consists of account login data and possible health data (such as pregnancy diagnosis) for users of the service; and for job applicants/employees may include social security number, driver’s license number, racial/ethnic origins, religious or philosophical beliefs, contents of emails or texts to others, genetic/biometric data, sexual orientation data type of information we collect category of use of cookies how we use the information that we collect description data retention when we disclose the information that we collect links to third party services third party cookies your rights related to your personal information as required by the state privacy laws, we provide detailed information below regarding the data subject rights available to california, colorado, utah, nevada, connecticut and virginia consumers. generally, the rights which you have can be categorized as follows: know whether we process your personal information.access and delete certain personal information.data portability. opt-out of personal information processing for targeted advertising and sales correct inaccuracies in your personal information, taking into account the information’s nature processing purpose. opt-out of profiling in furtherance of decisions that produce legal or similarly significant effects. processing of sensitive information: we must obtain your express consent prior to collecting and processing certain categories of sensitive personal information such as health data, data about protected characteristics and genetic or biometric data. non-discrimination: grove collaborative will not discriminate against customers who exercise their rights under the state privacy laws. personal information of minors the service is not intended for children or minors under the age of 16. accordingly, we do not knowingly store information from minors under the age of 16 except as required pursuant to applicable law. if you believe that a child has submitted personal information to us, please contact us at dataprivacy@grove.co, and we will delete the information. financial incentives for consumers grove collaborative does not have programs that provide financial incentive to consumers who allow us to retain and share their personal information. grove collaborative terms of useeffective: june 14, 2024 grove collaborative operates an ecommerce service and related services through grove.com, grove.co, mobile applications, and related sites accessible to mobile devices, tablets, and other connected devices (collectively, the “grove collaborative service” or “service”). as used in this policy, “grove collaborative” refers to grove collaborative, inc. and its subsidiaries. we may refer to grove collaborative as “we”, “us”, or “our”. we may refer to you as “consumer”, “you”, or “your”. grove collaborative operates an ecommerce service and related services through grove.com, grove.co, mobile applications, and related sites accessible to mobile devices, tablets, and other connected devices (collectively, the “grove collaborative service” or “service”). as used in this policy, “grove collaborative” refers to grove collaborative, inc. and its subsidiaries. we may refer to grove collaborative as “we”, “us”, or “our”. we may refer to you as “consumer”, “you”, or “your”. the service is offered to you subject to your acceptance of these grove collaborative terms of use. please read the following grove collaborative terms of use carefully. by clicking or tapping “i accept”, by “creating an account”, by selecting “place order,” by submitting a survey (including the grove wellness quiz), or by accessing or using the service in any manner, you acknowledge that you have read, understood, and agree to be bound by these grove collaborative terms. if you are not eligible, or at any time, do not agree to the grove collaborative terms, you may not use the service. privacy policy please read our privacy policy carefully for information relating to our collection, use, storage and disclosure of your information. the grove collaborative privacy policy is incorporated into and is subject to this grove collaborative terms. additional terms your use of the service is subject to any additional terms, rules, or guidelines applicable to the service or certain features of the service that we may post and you may accept (the “additional terms”). all such additional terms are hereby incorporated by reference into, and made a part of, the grove collaborative terms. the additional terms include, but are not limited to grove collaborative privacy policy grove collaborative refund policy grove collaborative referral program policy grove collaborative accessibility statement please be aware that these grove collaborative terms contain provisions governing how claims that you and we have against each other are resolved. specifically, (1) you will only be permitted to pursue claims and seek relief against us on an individual basis, not as a plaintiff or class member in any class or representative action or proceeding; and (2) you are waiving your right to have a jury trial on your claims. grove collaborative subscriptions the service is optimally designed for use as a subscription service. as part of your first order, you are required to sign up to a product subscription program that provides monthly shipments of products in previous orders (“autoship”). you will also receive a trial vip membership with your first order (“vip trial”). the vip trial will automatically renew into an annual paid vip membership unless otherwise stated in your autoship offer. (vip membership and autoship are collectively referred to as “grove subscriptions”). the grove subscriptions will automatically renew for additional intervals (autoship will ship monthly and vip will renew yearly), unless you cancel or modify your grove subscriptions. after opening your account with grove collaborative and completing your first order, you may cancel your grove subscriptions at any time (as described below) and continue to use the service. for additional information on how grove subscriptions work read the overview below and visit how grove works. grove collaborative subscription overview automatic shipments. grove collaborative is primarily a subscription service. how autoship works. when you subscribe to specific products on the service for autoship, you will receive automatic shipments of those products, except when (1) your autoship order is under $29; and (2) a product in your autoship is unavailable (out of stock, discontinued, etc.) or otherwise requires a reasonable substitution. by subscribing, you understand and agree that we may send reasonable substitutions in a variety of circumstances, such as when products are unavailable, when your initial order includes a bundled consisting in part of certain non-consumable goods (e.g. buckets, spray bottles, etc.) that you might not want replenished, when product packaging or other features change or updated, or when we send you a full size version of products that were initially purchased in a trial or sample size. substitutions may include the same product in a different scent or flavor, the same product in a different size, the same product in different packaging, only the consumable products of a bundle, or a change in your order to move the affected product to a different subscription or order (and shipping separately). your subscribed products will be automatically shipped to you on a personalized, customizable schedule based on information grove collects from you about your household’s product preferences (in accordance with the grove collaborative privacy policy) and our estimates of the quantity of products your household likely needs and how frequently they should be replenished. your first order will include a set of recommended and popular items, unless you remove them prior to placing the order. after your first order, products automatically sent to you will be a personalized assortment from products from your previous orders (including free items and recommended items). if you have active product subscriptions, these products will be added to your cart in timeframes and order size/cost that are based on your previous orders with a minimum of $29/order (plus applicable taxes based on your zip code). certain products may be added to your orders as gifts, at no charge to you, and will not be included in future shipments. we will automatically charge your stored method of payment for your purchase of subscribed products that are automatically sent to you under autoship. changing or canceling autoship. you may modify the products in and shipment dates of your autoship, change your product subscriptions or cancel autoship altogether. you will be notified of all future orders at the email address you provided and via sms if you provide us with a phone number, so that you may review, change or cancel your order before shipment. to change the date of your next autoship order or to change the frequency of your autoship, log into your account prior to 9:00 p.m. pst on the day before the ship date specified in your account settings for your then-current order, go to https://www.grove.co/settings/frequency, and set the desired shipment date or click the desired order frequency. to remove or add products to your next autoship order, log into your account prior to 9:00 p.m. pst on the day before the ship date specified in your account settings for your then-current order, go to “your cart”, and make changes. to change what products are in your subscription visit your account settings page and select “subscriptions”: https://www.grove.co/settings/subscriptions to see and update your product subscriptions. buying without autoship. you do not need a grove subscription to purchase products from us. if you have no active product subscriptions (or otherwise cancel autoship), you will not receive product shipments automatically. you may still purchase products from the service by selecting and ordering desired products. shipping details. we use third party carriers to ship items that you purchase, and as a result, the risk of loss and title for such items pass to you upon our delivery to the carrier. vip. we offer a vip program for an annual fee. with your first order, you are enrolled in a free trial of grove's vip program, which gives you free shipping for orders over $29 and occasional free gifts. trial period. except when your autoship program offer indicates otherwise, at the end of the specified trial period (usually 60 days), your free vip trial will automatically turn into a recurring, annual paid membership for $29.99 per year, plus applicable taxes (based on your zip code) using your stored method of payment, unless you cancel before your trial period ends. if you either accept an autoship program offer without a renewing vip membership or choose to cancel your vip trial before it becomes a paid vip membership, you will be charged applicable shipping fees with your future orders that do not meet the specified minimum (usually, $69). vip automatically renews. your paid vip membership will also automatically renew each year and you authorize us to automatically charge your stored method of payment a one-year subscription fee ($29.99 plus applicable tax, based on your zip code) on an annual basis around the anniversary of the date you enrolled in vip, until you cancel. the vip membership fees are non-refundable, however, if you feel that you were charged in error and contact grove at support@grove.co within 30 (thirty) days from the date of the charge, grove may refund the subscription fees, at its sole discretion. canceling vip. you can cancel or manage your vip trial or vip membership, and find your annual expiration date from the membership link on the account settings page. you may also cancel your vip trial or vip membership by emailing support@grove.co. if you cancel your vip subscription after 30 days or more of the charge date of your subscription, your vip program subscription will continue for the remainder of that subscription period and you will not receive a refund. eligibility you must be at least 18 years of age to use the service. by agreeing to these grove collaborative terms or by using the service, you represent and warrant to us: (i) that you are at least 18 years of age; (ii) that you have not previously been suspended or removed from the service; and (iii) that your registration and your use of the service is in compliance with any and all applicable laws and regulations. if you are using the service on behalf of an organization, you represent and warrant that you have the authority to bind that organization to these grove collaborative terms and that you agree to be bound by them on behalf of that organization. accounts and registration you need an account to use most features of the service, and you may be required to be logged into your account and have a valid payment method associated with it. you may visit your account settings to manage your payment information. you are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your account and password and for restricting access to your account, and you agree to accept responsibility for all activities that occur under your account or password. you agree that the information you provide to us is and will be accurate, complete and up-to-date at all times. if you provide any information that is inaccurate, incomplete or not up-to-date, or if we determine in our sole discretion that such information may be inaccurate, incomplete or not up-to-date, we have the right to suspend or terminate your account and refuse you any and all current or future use of service. you may not register for more than one account or register for an account on behalf of an individual other than yourself. if you have reason to believe that your account is no longer secure, immediately notify us at support@grove.co. payment, credit card billing, automatic renewal, and recurring charges fees to access the service. access to certain features of the service and certain grove subscriptions (such as vip), may require you to pay enrollment or membership fees plus applicable tax. we also charge fees for shipping (when not enrolled in vip or for orders under the stated minimum) and supply chain costs. autoship orders will be charged in amounts that may vary based on the type, quantity and frequency of the products that you have selected and subscribed to for autoship. changes to fees and pricing. grove collaborative may change any fees associated with the service, including its shipping fee, supply chain fee, and the vip membership fee, on a going forward basis in any manner and at any time by providing notice by email or other communications. grove collaborative also reserves the right to change product pricing in any manner and at any time by publishing the new prices on the service. product pricing changes will be effective when published. methods of payment. all amounts charged are in u.s. dollars. you must provide us with a valid credit card (visa, mastercard, or any other issuer accepted by us) or paypal account (“payment provider”). we will charge the payment provider you specify in your account setting. by providing your payment provider information, you authorize us or our third party payment processors to charge: (i) all membership or enrollment fees to such payment provider; and (ii) all fees associated with the delivery service and subscription service, including, without limitation, all applicable taxes, product costs and shipping fees, to such payment provider prior to shipment and on a per-delivery basis. if you pay any applicable fees with a credit card, we may seek pre-authorization of your credit card account prior to your purchase to verify that the credit card is valid and has the necessary funds or credit available to cover your purchase. if we do not receive payment from your payment provider, you must pay all amounts due upon demand and we may suspend your access to the service until such amounts are paid. all sales are final and, except as provided in our refund policy, we will not issue refunds or accept returns. minimums. your order must meet a certain dollar value of purchased products to be eligible for free shipping. these minimum amounts vary depending on the type of plan and the type of membership you selected. to balance our commitment to sustainability while offering the best customer experience, we offer the option to ship orders under $29 if you're a vip, and under $69 if you're not, with a $4.99 shipping fee to help offset the environmental impact of small orders. we still hope to avoid grove boxes going out with a single item rattling around inside, and we trust our customers to make the best decisions for the planet and their families. for more information on order minimums, please see our faqs. authorization for automatic renewal of grove collaborative subscriptions. your grove subscriptions will automatically charge as described above unless and until you cancel. you hereby authorize us to charge your payment provider now, and again at the beginning of any subsequent subscription period or order. upon renewal of your subscription, if grove collaborative does not receive payment from your payment provider, (i) you agree to pay all amounts due on your account upon demand, and/or (ii) you agree that grove collaborative may either terminate or suspend the subscription services and continue to attempt to charge your payment provider until payment is received (upon receipt of payment, your account will be activated and for purposes of automatic renewal, your new subscription commitment period will begin as of the day payment was received). we will send you reminders of your upcoming subscription charges. referral program. subject to the grove collaborative referral program policy , we may offer members the ability to earn credits or discounts (“referral credits”) toward future shipments of products from grove collaborative. please read our referral program for more details. third party providers. we use and reserve the right to continue using third party payment providers (“payment processors”). your electronic payment of fees through any payment processors is also governed by the payment processors’ terms of service and privacy policy. currently, we use stripe, inc. (“stripe”) and paypal, inc. (“paypal”) as our payment processors for payment services (e.g., card acceptance and related services), but may add others from time to time. by making payments via the service, you agree to be bound by stripe’s us terms of service available at https://stripe.com/us/terms and privacy policy available at https://stripe.com/us/privacy , paypal’s user agreement available at https://www.paypal.com/us/webapps/mpp/ua/useragreement-full and privacy policy available at https://www.paypal.com/us/webapps/mpp/ua/privacy-full , as applicable. you hereby consent to provide and authorize grove collaborative and the payment processors to share any information and payment instructions you provide to the extent required to complete the payment transactions in accordance with the grove collaborative terms, including personal, financial, credit card payment, and transaction information. pre-sales from time to time, we may give you the opportunity to pre-purchase limited edition, seasonal or specialty products during a pre-sale event. your account will be charged when you place your pre-sale order. please allow up to one year for your pre-sale items to ship. when the pre-sale products arrive in stock, we will send you an email to notify you of the estimated delivery date and we will display the pre-sale products in your cart as free products. if we’re unable to ship within one year from the date you placed your pre-sale order, or if you do not ship your pre-sale products within sixty five (65) days of the date you placed your pre-sale order, we will cancel the order and provide a full-refund. it is your responsibility to keep your billing and shipping information current; we are not responsible or liable if you fail to update this information. you can update your information at any time prior to your ship date by changing the shipping address in your account profile. order acceptance your receipt of an electronic or other form of order confirmation does not signify our acceptance of your order. we reserve the right at any time after receipt of your order to accept or decline your order for any reason. we further reserve the right at any time after receipt of your order, without prior notice to you, to supply less than the quantity you ordered of any item. your order will be deemed accepted by grove collaborative upon our delivery of the products that you have ordered. we may require additional verifications or information before accepting any order. order changes and cancellations you may cancel orders provided that we have not begun to process the products in your order for shipment. you may do this by visiting your cart. your orders and your shipment dates can be modified at any time before the ship date specified in your account settings for your then-current order. you may update the date of your shipment and/or the items in your shipment, on grove.co/pantry. if you would like to stop automatic shipments, you can go to https://www.grove.co/shipments/schedule and click “pause auto-shipments”. refunds subject to the grove collaborative refund policy, you may request a refund if you are not completely satisfied with your purchase. please read the grove collaborative refund policy for complete details on how to request a refund. user generated content our service provides an opportunity for you to post information in public areas of the service such as your reviews and ratings of specific products or the service (“customer reviews”) or other information provided to public areas of the service (collectively, “user generated content”). license grant to grove collaborative and other customers. you retain ownership of copyright and any other proprietary rights you hold in user generated content that you post to the service. by posting user generated content, you grant grove collaborative a worldwide, non-exclusive, royalty-free, transferable right and license (with the right to sublicense) to host, store, transfer, display, perform, reproduce, modify, create derivative works of, and distribute your user generated content, in whole or in part, in any media formats and through any media channels (now known or hereafter developed). any such use of your user generated content by grove collaborative may be without any compensation paid to you. by posting and sharing user generated content on the service, you hereby grant each user of the service a worldwide, non-exclusive license to access and use your user generated content in connection with the service. user generated content representations and warranties. you are solely responsible for your user generated content and the consequences of posting or publishing user generated content. by posting and publishing user generated content, you affirm, represent, and warrant that: you are the creator and owner of, or have the necessary licenses, rights, consents, and permissions to use and to authorize grove collaborative and users of the service to use and distribute, your user generated content as necessary to exercise the licenses granted by you in these grove collaborative terms. your user generated content, and the use of it, does not and will not: (i) infringe, violate, or misappropriate any third-party right, including any copyright, trademark, patent, trade secret, moral right or any other intellectual property or proprietary right; or (ii) slander, defame, libel, or violate the right of privacy, publicity or other property rights of any other person. user generated content disclaimer. customer reviews are the author’s opinion. they are not our opinion; we have not verified them or approved them. we are not obligated to edit, investigate, or control user generated content that you and other users post or publish, and we will not be in any way responsible or liable for user generated content. however, we may at any time, and without prior notice, remove any user generated content that in our sole judgment violates these grove collaborative terms or is otherwise objectionable. you understand that when using the service you will be exposed to user generated content from a variety of sources and acknowledge that user generated content may be inaccurate, offensive, indecent or objectionable. you may request removal of a review that you believe violates this agreement by contacting the support team at support@grove.co; but we are not obligated to honor your request. proprietary rights of grove collaborative the visual interfaces, graphics, design, compilation, information, computer code (including source code or object code), products, software, services, and all other elements of the service provided by grove collaborative (the “materials”) are protected by all relevant intellectual property and proprietary rights and applicable laws. except for any user generated content, all materials contained in the service are the property of grove collaborative or our third-party licensors. subject to these grove collaborative terms, we grant you a limited license to reproduce portions of the materials for the sole purpose of using the service for your personal or internal business purposes. except for this limited license, nothing herein shall be interpreted to grant you any right or license under any intellectual property rights of grove collaborative or any of its affiliates or partners. trademarks. click here to see a non-exhaustive list of grove collaborative trademarks. in addition, graphics, logos, page headers, button icons, scripts, and service names included in or made available through our service are trademarks or trade dress of grove collaborative in the united states and other countries. you may not use our trademarks or trade dress in connection with any product or service that is not ours, in any manner that is likely to cause confusion among customers or members of the public, or in any manner that disparages or discredits grove collaborative. all other trademarks, registered trademarks, product names and company names or logos mentioned on the service are the properties of their respective owners who may or may not be affiliated with, connected to, or sponsored by grove collaborative, and may not be copied, imitated or used, in whole or in part, without the permission of the applicable trademark holder. copyrights. all content included in or made available through the service or the service or on product labels or packaging, such as text, graphics, designs, logos, button icons, images, audio clips, digital downloads, data compilations, look and feel of the service, and software (“service content”) is the property of grove collaborative or its content suppliers and is protected by united states and international copyright laws. except for any user generated content, all service content contained in the service or on the service is the property of grove collaborative or our third-party licensors. the compilation of all content included in or made available through the service is our exclusive property. subject to these grove collaborative terms, grove collaborative grants you a limited license to reproduce portions of the service content for the sole purpose of using the service for your personal or internal business purposes. except for this limited license, nothing herein shall be interpreted to grant you any right or license under any intellectual property rights of grove collaborative or any of its affiliates or partners. patents. the listed products and/or the use of the listed products in a method may be covered by one or more u.s. and/or foreign patents, as set forth below. other patent applications are pending. this page is intended to serve as notice under 35 u.s.c. § 287(a). auto-dosing laundry detergent dispenser: u.s. patent nos. 10,444,049 and 10,942,052 canadian ind. design regn. nos. 188562, 200006, 200007, 200008, 200009, and 200010 chinese design patent no. zl201930337370.8.digital millennium copyright act it is grove collaborative’s policy to terminate membership privileges of any user who repeatedly engages in copyright infringement upon prompt notification to us by the copyright owner or the copyright owner’s legal agent. if you are a copyright owner or an agent thereof, and believe that any content on the service infringes your copyrights, you may contact our designated agent at the following address: grove collaborative attn: designated agent 1301 sansome street san francisco, ca 94111 e-mail: legal@grove.coyour notice must includeyour physical or electronic signature; identification of the copyrighted work claimed to have been infringed, or, if multiple copyrighted works at a single online site are covered by a single notification, a representative list of such works at that site; identification of the material that is claimed to be infringing or to be the subject of infringing activity and information reasonably sufficient to permit us to locate the material; a statement that the complaining party has a good-faith belief that use of the material in the manner complained of is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law; and a statement that the complaining party has a good-faith belief that use of the material in the manner complained of is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law; and a statement that the information in the notification is accurate, and under penalty of perjury, that the complaining party is authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed if the content you submitted to the service is removed and you wish to contest such removal, you may contact our designated agent (indicated above). your written notice must include your physical or electronic signature identification of the material that has been removed or to which access has been disabled and the location at which the material appeared before it was removed or access to it was disabled a statement under penalty of perjury that you have a good faith belief that the material was removed or disabled as a result of mistake or misidentification of the material to be removed or disabled your name, address, and telephone number, and a statement that you consent to the jurisdiction of federal district court for the judicial district in which your address is located, or if your address is outside of the united states, for any judicial district in which grove collaborative may be found, and that you will accept service of process from the person who provided notification. prohibited conductyou will not engage in the following behaviors. use the service for any illegal purpose, or in violation of any local, state, national, or international law violate, or encourage others to violate, the rights of third parties, including by infringing or misappropriating third party intellectual property rights use the service for any commercial purpose, or for any purpose that is fraudulent or otherwise tortious or unlawful. post, upload, or distribute any content that is unlawful, defamatory, libelous, inaccurate or that a reasonable person could deem to be objectionable, profane, pornographic, harassing, threatening, embarrassing, hateful, or otherwise inappropriate interfere with security-related features of the service, including by: (i) disabling or circumventing features that prevent or limit use or copying of any content; or (ii) reverse engineering or otherwise attempting to discover the source code of the service or any part thereof except to the extent that such activity is expressly permitted by applicable law make available any virus, adware, spyware, worm, trojan horse, easter egg, time bomb, spyware, malicious code, or other computer code, file or program that is or is potentially harmful or invasive or intended to damage or hijack the operation of, or to monitor the use of, any hardware, software, or equipment make unsolicited offers or advertisements to other users of the service attempt to collect, personal information about users or third parties without their consent perform any fraudulent activity including impersonating any person or entity (including grove collaborative or any of our brands), claiming false affiliations (including affiliations with grove collaborative or any of our partners), accessing the service accounts of others without permission, or falsifying your age or date of birth sell or otherwise transfer your account or content associated with your account use the service or any of grove collaborative’s names, logos, or brands without our written consent, including, but not limited to (i) send any unsolicited or unauthorized content, including advertising, promotional materials, email, junk mail, spam, or other form of solicitation; or (ii) use any meta tags or other hidden text or metadata utilizing a grove collaborative trademark, logo, url, or product name without our written consent use any robot, spider, site search/retrieval application or other manual or automatic device to retrieve, index, “scrape,” “data mine” or otherwise gather any material, or reproduce or circumvent the navigational structure or presentation of the service, without our express prior written consent frame or mirror any portion of the service, or otherwise incorporate any portion of the service into any product or service, unless you obtain our express prior written consent to do so attempt to do anything, or permit, encourage, assist, or allow any third party to do anything, prohibited in these grove collaborative terms, or attempt, permit, encourage, assist, or allow any other violation of these grove collaborative terms of use, our refund policy, our referral policy, or other applicable policies. third party services and linked websites we may, now or in the future, provide tools through the service that enable you to export information from the service to third party services, including through features that allow you to link your account on grove collaborative with an account on the third party service, such as twitter or facebook or through our implementation of third party buttons (such as “like” or “share” buttons). by using these tools, you agree that we may transfer such information to the applicable third party service. such third party services are not under our control, and we are not responsible for their use of your exported information. the service may also contain links to third-party websites. such linked websites are not under our control, and we are not responsible for their content. termination of use; discontinuation and modification of the service these grove collaborative terms are effective on the date when you accept them (as described in the preamble above) and remain in full force and effect while you use any portion of the service and for so long as you have an account on the service, unless terminated earlier in accordance with these grove collaborative terms. if you violate these grove collaborative terms, your permission to use the service will automatically terminate. additionally, we, in our sole discretion, may terminate your account on the service or suspend or terminate your access to the service at any time, with or without notice. if we terminate your access to the service, we may, in our sole discretion, either fulfill any orders for which you have already paid or refund you the relevant amounts paid. we also reserve the right to modify the service at any time without notice to you. we will have no liability whatsoever on account of any change to the service and other than as specified in this paragraph, we will have no liability as a result of any suspension or termination of your access to or use of the service. you may terminate your account at any time by contacting customer service at support@grove.co. if you terminate your account, you will remain obligated to pay all outstanding fees, if any, relating to your use of the service incurred prior to termination. electronic communications; sms and text messaging how we communicate with you. the service allows you to receive electronic communications (including emails and sms/mms mobile messages) intended to provide you with information about the service, upcoming orders, offers, products and services. we will communicate with you electronically via email, sms messaging or through the service when you access or use the service, send us emails or sms messages, or when we post notices on the service or otherwise communicate with you via email or text. consents for electronic communications. you (1) consent to receive communications from grove collaborative electronically; (2) agree that these communications will be subject to these grove collaborative terms of use, including our privacy policy; and (3) accept that all terms and conditions, agreements, notices, disclosures, and other communications that grove collaborative provides to you electronically satisfy applicable legal requirements for written communications. the foregoing does not affect your statutory rights. text messaging. depending on the consent provided, grove may send automated and non-automated text messages that provide you with (1) information you have requested; (2) updates regarding your transactions with us; (3) updates regarding items in your cart; and/or (4) offers, marketing or promotional information about grove, grove products and grove services (collectively, “grove texts”). information you provide in grove texts will be handled as described in our privacy policy when you sign up for our service and provide your mobile number, you expressly provide prior written consent to receive grove texts to remind you about upcoming orders and for other customer support, account or service-related purposes at the mobile number provided. if you enroll in a grove text messaging program for marketing or promotional information, you will be asked to consent expressly by providing us with your mobile number and/or confirming your election to opt-in via text and this will constitute your signature to agree to receive recurring marketing grove texts, including messages sent through an automatic telephone dialing system, where such messages may be sent by us or our vendors to the mobile number you provided at opt-in. your consent does not suggest or imply that any text messages are in fact sent using an automatic telephone dialing system. your consent is not a condition of making any purchase. message frequency will vary. the number of grove texts that you receive will vary depending on a number of factors, including how you use the service, your order frequency and applicable grove programs. message and data rates may apply. we do not charge a fee for grove text messaging programs and assume no responsibility for charges by your carrier that you may incur when you sign up to receive text messages from us. no liability for delayed or undelivered messages. messages may not be delivered to you due to a variety of circumstances or conditions. neither grove nor any carrier is responsible for any delayed or undelivered messages. you may opt out of a grove text messaging program at any time by texting stop to the number from which the text messages are being sent. you will receive a final confirmation message to confirm that you will no longer receive text messages unless you opt back in. you acknowledge that our program platforms may not recognize and respond to unsubscribe requests that do not include the stop keyword command and agree that grove and its service providers will have no liability for failing to honor such requests. to request more information, text help to the number from which text messages are being sent. you may also receive help by contacting us at: support@grove.co. please notify us immediately if you change your mobile phone number to avoid sending notifications to the wrong number. to notify us of any change contact grove at support@grove.co. changes to these grove collaborative terms we reserve the right, at our discretion, to change the grove collaborative terms on a going forward basis at any time. when changes are made, we will make a new copy of these terms available on the service and will update the “last updated” date at the top of these terms. in the event that a change to these terms materially modifies your rights or obligations and you have registered for an account with us, we will notify you via email of the new grove collaborative terms. any changes to these terms will be effective immediately for new users and will be effective thirty (30) days after posting notice of such changes on the service for existing users, provided that any material modifications will be effective for users who have an account with us upon the earlier of thirty (30) days after posting notice of such changes on the service or thirty (30) days after dispatch of an email notice of such changes. we may require you to provide consent to the updated grove collaborative terms in a specified manner before further use of the service or service is permitted. if you do not agree to any change(s) after receiving a notice of such change(s), you will stop using the service and service. otherwise, your continued use of the site or service constitutes your acceptance of such change(s). please check these terms regularly for changes. indemnity you agree that you will be personally responsible for your use of the service, and you agree to defend, indemnify and hold harmless grove collaborative and its officers, directors, employees, consultants, partners, licensors, affiliates, subsidiaries and agents (collectively, the “grove collaborative entities”) from and against any and all claims, liabilities, damages, losses and expenses, including reasonable attorneys’ and accounting fees and costs, arising out of or in any way connected with: (i) your misuse of the service; (ii) your violation of the grove collaborative terms or any representation, warranty, or agreements referenced herein, or any applicable law or regulation; (iii) your violation of any third party right, including without limitation any intellectual property right, publicity, confidentiality, property or privacy right; or (iv) any disputes or issues between you and any third party. we reserve the right, at our own expense, to assume the exclusive defense and control of any matter otherwise subject to indemnification by you, and in such case, you agree to cooperate with our defense of such claim. you agree that the provisions in this section will survive any termination of your account, the grove collaborative terms or your access to the service. no medical advice nothing stated or posted on the service or available through any grove site, communication or product is intended to be, and must not be taken to be, medical or other licensed professional advice. grove communications, graphics, images, and information obtained from the service are provided for informational purposes only and not intended to be a substitute for professional medical advice, diagnosis, or treatment or other professional services or advice. always seek the advice of your physician or other qualified health provider with any questions you may have regarding a medical condition. if you think you may have a medical emergency, call your doctor or 911 immediately. disclaimer of warranties. grove collaborative cannot and does not represent or warrant that the service or its server will be error-free, uninterrupted, free from unauthorized access (including third-party hackers or denial of service attacks), or otherwise meet your requirements. the service and all information, content, materials, products, services, and user generated content included on or otherwise made available to you through the service (collectively, the "site contents") are provided by grove collaborative on an "as is," "as available" basis, without representations or warranties of any kind. grove collaborative makes no representations or warranties of any kind, express or implied, as to the operation of the service, the accuracy or completeness of the site contents, or that emails sent from grove collaborative are free of malware or other harmful components. you expressly agree that your use of the service is at your sole risk. to the full extent permitted by law, grove collaborative disclaims any and all representations and warranties with respect to the service and the site contents, whether express or implied, including, without limitation, warranties of title, merchantability, and fitness for a particular purpose or use. certain providers of products may separately provide limited representations and/or warranties regarding their products. this disclaimer does not apply to such product warranties. grove collaborative does not represent or warrant that the nutrition, ingredient, allergen, and other product information on our service is accurate or complete since this information is provided by the product manufacturers or suppliers and on occasion manufacturers may modify their products and update their labels. we recommend that you do not rely solely on the information presented on our service and that you consult the product’s label or contact the manufacturer directly if you have a specific dietary concern or question about a product. some jurisdictions do not allow the exclusion of certain warranties, the limitation or exclusion of implied warranties, or limitations on how long an implied warranty may last, so some of the above limitations may not apply in full to you and you may have additional rights. if for any reason you are not satisfied with a purchase you make via the service, you may request a refund in accordance with our refund policy.limitation of liability in no event will the grove collaborative entities be liable to you for any incidental, special, consequential or indirect damages arising out of or in connection with your use of or inability to use the service, whether based on warranty, contract, tort (including negligence), statute or any other legal theory, whether or not the grove collaborative entities have been informed of the possibility of such damage. you acknowledge and agree that the aggregate liability of the grove collaborative entities to you for any and all claims arising from or related to the use of the service or any other interactions with grove collaborative is limited to the greater of (i) the amounts you have paid to grove collaborative for access to and use of the service in the twelve (12) months prior to the claim or (ii) $100. applicable law may not allow the limitation of liability set forth above, so this limitation of liability may not apply to you, and you may have rights additional to those contained herein. the foregoing paragraph shall not apply to residents of new jersey. with respect to residents of new jersey, the grove collaborative entities shall not be liable for any losses or damages arising out of or in connection with your use of or inability to use the service, or any materials therein unless such damages or injuries are the result of grove collaborative’s negligent, fraudulent or reckless acts or intentional misconduct.each provision of these that provides for a limitation of liability, disclaimer of warranties, or exclusion of damages is to allocate the risks under these terms between you and grove collaborative. this allocation is an essential element of the basis of the bargain between you and grove collaborative. the limitations in this section will apply even if any limited remedy fails of its essential purpose(s). if you are dissatisfied with the products delivered through the service, your sole recourses are our refund policy (described above), and any warranty offered by the relevant manufacturer. governing law these grove collaborative terms and any action related to them shall be governed by the laws of the state of california, consistent with the federal arbitration act, without regard to conflict of law principles. the united nations convention on contracts for the international sale of goods does not apply to these grove collaborative terms. to the extent that any lawsuit or court proceeding is permitted hereunder, you and grove collaborative agree to submit to the personal and exclusive jurisdiction of the state courts and federal courts located within san francisco, california for the purpose of litigating all such disputes. general the grove collaborative terms, together with any other agreements expressly incorporated by reference herein, constitute the entire and exclusive understanding and agreement between you and grove collaborative regarding your use of and access to the service. you may not assign or transfer these terms or your rights hereunder, in whole or in part, by operation of law or otherwise, without our prior written consent. we may assign these terms at any time without notice. the failure to require performance of any provision shall not affect our right to require performance at any time thereafter, nor shall a waiver of any breach or default of these terms constitute a waiver of any subsequent breach or default or a waiver of the provision itself. use of paragraph headers in these terms is for convenience only and shall not have any impact on the interpretation of particular provisions. we will not be liable for any delay or failure to perform resulting from causes outside its reasonable control, including, but not limited to, acts of god, war, terrorism, riots, embargos, acts of civil or military authorities, fire, floods, accidents, strikes or shortages of transportation facilities, fuel, energy, labor or materials. in the event that any part of these terms is held to be invalid or unenforceable, the unenforceable part shall be given effect to the greatest extent possible and the remaining parts will remain in full force and effect. upon termination of these terms, any provision which, by its nature or express terms should survive, will survive such termination or expiration. dispute resolution and class action waiver the procedures and other terms in this section apply to any and all claims, disagreements, disputes or controversies between you and grove collaborative or its officers, directors, employees, representatives, agents, parents, affiliates, subsidiaries and/or related companies, regardless of when such claim arose (each, a “claim”), including but not limited to claims arising out of or relating to the service, to the use or access to the service, to our advertising, to the products, services, materials, programs or other features offered, advertised, marketed and/or sold by grove collaborative, and/or to these terms. mandatory informal pre-suit dispute resolution. we value our customers and seek to resolve disputes informally where possible. before filing any lawsuit relating to a dispute, you agree to first send a detailed notice (“notice”) to grove by email at: support@grove.co. your notice must contain all of the following information: (1) your full name; (2) your address; (3) your telephone number; (4) your email address; (5) information sufficient for grove to identify the order and/or product at issue (e.g., your order number, order confirmation email, etc.); and (6) a detailed description of your claim, the nature and basis of your claim(s), and the nature and basis of the relief you are seeking with a calculation for it. you must personally sign this notice. grove collaborative also agrees that if we have a dispute with you relating to a grove order or service, we will first send a detailed notice to your e-mail address on file with us, and this notice will also set forth (1) information sufficient for you to identify the order or service at issue and (2) a detailed description of our dispute, the nature and basis of our claim(s), and the nature and basis of the relief we seek. you and grove agree to negotiate in good faith, for a period of at least 60 days from the date of the notice, in an effort to swiftly resolve any claim without the need for a formal proceeding. compliance with and completion of this mandatory informal dispute resolution process is required before filing any lawsuit. the statute of limitations and any filing fee deadlines will be tolled while the parties engage in this process. a court will have the authority to enjoin the filing of any lawsuit concerning a claim without first providing a notice or otherwise participating in good faith in this informal dispute resolution process. waiver of class or other non-individualized relief. to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, you and grove collaborative agree that any and all claims shall be resolved individually, without resort to any form of class action or representative action. all claims and disputes must be filed in the courts in san francisco, california on an individual basis and not on a class or collective basis, only individual relief is available, and claims of more than one customer or user cannot be reviewed or consolidated with those of any other customer or user. waiver of jury trial. you and grove collaborative also hereby voluntarily and knowingly waive any constitutional and statutory rights to have a jury trial. you and grove collaborative are instead electing that all claims shall be resolved by a judge on an individual basis. severability. except as provided in these grove collaborative terms, if any part or parts of these waivers are found under the law to be invalid or unenforceable, then such specific part or parts shall be of no force and effect and shall be severed and the remainder of the waiver shall continue in full force and effect. survival of agreement. this section will survive the termination of your relationship with grove collaborative. modification. notwithstanding any provision in this agreement to the contrary, we agree that if grove collaborative makes any future material change to section, you may reject that change within thirty (30) days of such change becoming effective by writing grove collaborative at the following address: 1301 sansome st, san francisco, ca 94111. notice where we require that you provide an email address, you are responsible for providing us with your most current email address. in the event that the last email address you provided to us is not valid, or for any reason is not capable of delivering to you any notices required/ permitted by the grove collaborative terms, our dispatch of the e-mail containing such notice will nonetheless constitute effective notice. you may give notice to grove collaborative at the following address: 1301 sansome st, san francisco, ca 94111. such notice shall be deemed given when received by us by letter delivered by nationally recognized overnight delivery service or first class postage prepaid mail at the above address. consumer complaints in accordance with california civil code §1789.3, you may report complaints to the complaint assistance unit of the division of consumer services of the california department of consumer affairs by contacting them in writing at 400 r street, sacramento, ca 95814, or by telephone at (800) 952-5210. international users the service is controlled and offered by grove collaborative from its facilities in san francisco, california. we make no representations that the service is appropriate or available for use in other locations. those who access or use our service from other countries do so at their own volition and are responsible for compliance with local law. accessibility please see our accessibility statement. contact information. if you have any questions, complaints, or claims regarding grove collaborative, the service, or these grove collaborative terms of use please contact us at legal@grove.co. grove collaborative referral program policy effective date: january 1, 2020 grove collaborative operates an ecommerce service and related services through grove.com, grove.co, mobile applications, and related sites accessible to mobile devices, tablets, and other connected devices (collectively, the “grove collaborative service” or “service”). as used in this policy, “grove collaborative” refers to grove collaborative, inc. and its subsidiaries. we may refer to grove collaborative as “we”, “us”, or “our”. we may refer to you as “consumer”, “you”, or “your”. this referral program policy is incorporated into and is subject to the grove collaborative terms of use. capitalized terms used in this referral program policy but not defined have the meaning set forth in the grove collaborative terms of use. subject to this referral program policy, grove collaborative may offer you the ability to earn credits or discounts (“referral credits”) toward future shipments of products from grove collaborative when you invite friends to purchase from the service (the “referral program”). referral program details you may invite friends, family members, or colleagues whom you personally know (“friends”) to purchase from the service. you will earn referral credits for friends who are not existing customers of the grove collaborative service and who are first-time customers as a result of your authorized invitation (as defined below). you may refer a maximum of 50 friends throughout the entirety of the referral program, but we reserve the right to increase or decrease that maximum for certain partners in our sole discretion as authorized in writing. you must include your personal unique referral link (“personal link”) in your invitation, or you must invite your friends through one of the invitation mechanisms that we authorize through our service or on our social media platforms (each, an “authorized invitation”). you will not earn referral credits based on invitations that are not authorized invitations. you will not be eligible for referral credits unless you have established an active account on the service and placed an order before your friend uses your authorized invitation to make a purchase. you will only receive referral credits for each of your friends’ first qualifying purchase (as described in the authorized invitation or elsewhere on the service) made as a result of your authorized invitation within six (6) months from the date that you sent the authorized invitation. if your friend does not follow the directions in the authorized invitation, you may not receive referral credit. referral credits are not transferable, may not be auctioned, bartered or sold, may not be pooled with other members’, and expire six (6) months after issuance. referral credits will appear in your account within approximately 24 hours after one of your friends makes their qualifying purchase and we ship their purchased products. referral credits may only be used on grove.co and may not be used on any other website. restrictions you may not refer yourself or create multiple, fictitious or fake accounts with grove collaborative or any social media service that we determine in our sole discretion violates the spirit and intent of our referral program. you may not (i) tamper with the referral program, (ii) act in an unfair or disruptive manner, or (iii) use any system, bot or other device or artifice to participate or receive any benefit in the referral program. this includes but is not limited to a general prohibition on posting of your personal link or any other referral codes on any website or social media platform which offers the referral code to anyone other than friends if we determine in our sole discretion that your posting circumvents the spirit and intent of the referral program. you may not post on public websites “recipes” designed to instruct the general public how to commit fraud, increase your referral credits, or circumvent the spirit and intent of the referral program. you may not share any referral code other than your personal link or another then-current authorized referral code. you may not conduct your own promotion in connection with our referral program. you may not engage in any promotional, marketing, or other advertising activities on behalf of grove collaborative or any other third parties, including by using any trademarks of grove collaborative or other third parties. you may not use the program to violate any law, infringe or violate the rights of any third party, or otherwise act in a manner that is deemed harassing, harmful, illegal, hateful, obscene or outside the spirit and intent of the referral program. we reserve the right to void referrals and referral credits if we suspect that the referrals or referral credits were earned in a fraudulent manner, in a manner that violates this policy or the grove collaborative terms and conditions , or in a manner otherwise not intended by grove collaborative. if we believe that a referral code associated with your account was used in such a manner, we have the right to remove all referral credits associated with that account and remove you from the service. the referral program is void where prohibited by law. grove collaborative reserves the right to modify or terminate the referral program at any time, although (subject this refund and referral policy) referral credits accrued shall be valid for six (6) months from the date of posting. should there be any tax liability for the accumulation and/or use of referral credits, such taxes are your sole responsibility. you understand that your account may not accurately reflect the referral credits you have actually earned. grove collaborative will have no liability for any errors displayed in your account with respect to referral credits. if you have any questions regarding the referral program, please contact us at support@grove.co. grove collaborative accessibility statement effective date: march 15, 2021 grove collaborative operates an ecommerce service and related services through grove.com, grove.co, mobile applications, and related sites accessible to mobile devices, tablets, and other connected devices (collectively, the “grove collaborative service” or “service”). as used in this policy, “grove collaborative” refers to grove collaborative, inc. and its subsidiaries. we may refer to grove collaborative as “we”, “us”, or “our”. we may refer to you as “consumer”, “you”, or “your”. if you have difficulty using or accessing the grove collaborative services, please call us at 1-844-476-8375 or contact us at support@grove.co and we will work with you to provide the information, item, or transaction you seek through a communication method that is accessible for you consistent with applicable law. grove collaborative is committed to providing a positive experience to all our customers and we aim to facilitate the accessibility and usability of our website and mobile applications. our goal is to permit our customers to successfully gather information and transact business through our website and mobile applications, regardless of technology or ability. we are making efforts to maintain and increase the accessibility of our website and mobile applications to ensure that persons with disabilities have full and equal enjoyment of the grove collaborative services. we view accessibility as an ongoing effort and continually seek solutions that will bring all areas of our website and mobile applications to the same level of overall web accessibility. please contact us at 1-844-476-8375 or support@grove.co if you have any feedback or suggestions as to how we could improve the accessibility of the grove collaborative services. grove collaborative cookie policyeffective date: january 1, 2020 grove collaborative operates an ecommerce service and related services through grove.com, grove.co, mobile applications, and related sites accessible to mobile devices, tablets, and other connected devices (collectively, the “grove collaborative service” or “service”). as used in this policy, “grove collaborative” refers to grove collaborative, inc. and its subsidiaries. we may refer to grove collaborative as “we”, “us”, or “our”. we may refer to you as “consumer”, “you”, or “your”. this cookie policy describes how and when we use cookies and related technologies. this cookie policy is incorporated into and is subject to the grove collaborative privacy policy. capitalized terms used in this cookie policy but not defined have the meaning set forth in our privacy policy, which also includes additional details about the collection and use of information that we gather from you. what is a cookie? cookies are small text files sent by us to your computer or mobile device, which enables certain features and functionality of the grove collaborative service. they are unique to your account or your browser. a cookie will typically contain the name of the domain from which the cookie has come, the “lifetime” of the cookie, and a randomly generated unique number or other value. certain cookies will be used on our website regardless of whether you are logged in to your account or not. session cookies last only while your browser is open and are automatically deleted when you close your browser. persistent cookies last until you or your browser delete them or until they expire. cookies used by grove collaborative when you use the service, we use cookies, web beacons, and other tracking technologies from third-party partners such as google and facebook for measurement services, better targeting ads, and for marketing purposes. we may use both session cookies and persistent cookies. category of use of cookies descriptionauthentication when you sign in to the service, cookies help us confirm your account and show you the right information and personalize your experience. preferences, features, experience we use cookies to gather certain information about you (such as browser type, server, language preference) about you in order to make your user experience more consistent and convenient. marketing cookies and other ad technology such as beacons, pixels, and tags, as well as technologies from third parties such as google and facebook help us present you with more relevant content about our products, promotions, and our service. they also help provide us with relevant research and reporting, and know when content has been shown to you. performance and analytics cookies or other technologies provide us with information about your use of our service and help us learn how well our websites and service perform. we also use cookies to understand, improve, and research products, features, and services, including to create logs and record when you access our service from different devices. we may also use cookies to anonymize traffic and activity data we collect. we may also use information gathered from cookies to reduce or eliminate messages sent to you. referral tracking we use cookies to identify and confirm what third party websites refer you to our service. security/fraud detection we use cookies and other technologies to enable and support our security features, and to help us detect malicious activity. managing your cookies you may disable the use of cookies by modifying your browser settings. please note that if you delete, or choose not to accept cookies from the service, you may not be able to utilize the features of the service to their fullest potential. for more information on cookies and how to disable cookies visit www.ftc.gov/ftc/cookies.shtm or https://www.usa.gov/optout_instructions.shtml . do not track we do not currently respond to “do not track” signals or other mechanisms that might enable consumers to opt out of tracking on our service. third party cookies in addition to the tracking technologies we place, other companies may set their own cookies or similar tools when you visit our service. these companies include: third party analytics services, such as google analytics and mixpanel (“analytics services”); third party marketing websites, such as are facebook, google adwords, bing, pinterest, outbrain and taboola; and payment processors such as stripe. the information generated by the cookies or other technologies about your use of our service from these third parties is used to compile reports on the use and activity of users on our website and service; to deliver advertising targeted to your interests and to better understand the usage and visitation of our service and the other sites tracked by these third parties. by using the service, you consent to the use of your information for analytical purposes. this policy does not apply to, and we are not responsible for the use of cookies or other tracking technologies by these third parties and we encourage you to check the privacy policies of advertisers and/or ad services to learn about their use of cookies and other technologies. if you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this information used by many of these companies, click here: http://www.aboutads.info/choices or http://www.networkadvertising.org . the third parties mentioned above are not intended to be a complete list of third parties using cookies or other tracking technologies through our service. for additional information, please contact us at support@grove.co. grove collaborative refund policy effective date: february 11, 2022 grove collaborative operates an ecommerce service and related services through grove.com, grove.co, mobile applications, and related sites accessible to mobile devices, tablets, and other connected devices (collectively, the “grove collaborative service” or “service”). as used in this policy, “grove collaborative” refers to grove collaborative, inc. and its subsidiaries. we may refer to grove collaborative as “we”, “us”, or “our”. we may refer to you as “consumer”, “you”, or “your”. this refund policy is incorporated into and is subject to the grove collaborative terms of use. capitalized terms used in this refund policy but not defined have the meaning set forth in the grove collaborative terms of use. grove collaborative wants you to be happy with your purchase, so our return policy makes it easier for you to try our products with confidence. if you are not completely satisfied with the quality of a product purchased from us through the service, you may request a refund within 30 days of purchase by submitting your request to customer happiness here. once processed, your refund will be in the form of either store credit or a refund back to your payment method depending on the reason for your refund request. if you request a refund for an incorrect, defective or damaged product; we will issue you a refund to the same method of payment (e.g., credit card, paypal, store credit, etc.) used to make your purchase following grove collaborative’s receipt of the item being returned. if the refund request is for other reasons (e.g., the product was not what you expected) or if we are unable to issue your refund to the same payment method used for the purchase (such as when you cancel or replace your credit card), then we may issue the refund as store credit. please note that we will not refund your order if you accidentally purchase an incorrect number of products. all refund requests must include the following informationfull name of purchaseryour email address and the date of deliveryname and quantity of the product for which a refund is requestedreason for requesting a refund. we reserve the right to refuse any refund request if you do not make it within 30 days of purchase or if we determine, in our sole discretion, that the refund request may be a violation of the grove collaborative terms. to request a refund, submit your request to community happiness within 30 days of purchase by completing this form. trademarksdo what’s naturalpostplaylocking lips designpower c brightening serumgoodformgrove collaborativeliniarovenseedlinggoodformgrove collaborativehonuliniaroot 7 complexroot 7 nutrientsroot for womenrooted beautyrovenroven beautyseedling by grovethis product helps women discover how! designsustain naturalten percent for women a reproductive health initiative 10% 4 designour contact information: grove collaborative, inc. 1301 sansome street san francisco, ca 94111 groveour missionbeyond plasticenvironmental impacta higher standardfree returnssupportfaqcareers (we're hiring!)partner programinvestor relationsrecyclingblogguides & tipscontact usshophealth & wellnesscleaning essentialshome & pantrypersonal carepetdealsfollow grove instagram facebook tiktok linkedin youtube ©2024 grove collaborative, inc. carbon disclosuresca supply chain actprivacy policyterms of usepolicies & disclosuresaccessibility policy notice to california consumers: for your opt-out options, see: do not sell my personal information