来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20131006050530/http://www.adiamor.com/Testimonials
================================================================================

adiamor reviews - customer reviews & testimonials usd cart wishlist sign in sign in to my account email address: order number or password: my wishlist you have no items in your wishlist. my shopping cart you have no items in your cart. diamonds engagement rings wedding jewelry gifts education on sale diamond search search through over 80,000 stones and find your perfect diamond. diamond search tool custom diamond search canadian diamonds diamond education affinity collection our affinity collection is a hand-selected group of our very finest diamonds. search affinity ideal diamonds learn about affinity diamonds design your own choose a diamond and design your unique piece of timeless diamond jewelry. design your engagement ring design a pair of diamond earrings design a diamond pendant engagement rings our classic solitaire settings are available in 14k, 18k and platinum. solitaire settings diamond accented settings gemstone accented settings view all engagement settings by metal white gold engagement rings yellow gold engagement rings rose gold engagement rings platinum engagement rings by style pave set engagement rings channel set engagement rings invisible set halo settings split shank settings matched sets shop all matched sets design your own choose a diamond and design your very own unique diamond engagement ring. design your engagement ring loose diamond search engagement guide userful tips on how to buy diamonds, engagement rings, wedding bands, and more. engagement ring buying guide diamond buying guide proposal tips wedding rings from eternity bands to classic metal and diamond ring styles. wedding bands eternity bands shop all rings and bands men's rings our selection of classic metal bands in a variety of styles. shop all men's rings design your own search for your perfect diamond and match it with one of our settings to create your unique engagement ring. design your engagement ring rings and bands our classic selection of diamond fashion and eternity bands. wedding bands eternity bands metal bands shop all rings and bands earrings design your own diamond studs or shop classic fashion earrings. dangle earrings diamond stud earrings pearl earrings shop all earrings pendants shop our diamond pendants, available in platinum or gold. diamond pendants fashion pendants pearl strands shop all pendants bracelets lovely diamond bracelets in 14k gold, 18k gold and platinum. diamond tennis bracelets gold bracelets diamond bracelets shop all bracelets top gift ideasbrowse our most popular gifts and find that special something.top gift ideaspendants under $100 wedding gifts thoughtful gifts for brides, grooms and everyone in between. wedding rings anniversary rings bridal party gifts diamond jewelry shop elegant diamond jewelryin styles that suit any occasion.diamond earringsdiamond pendantsdiamond bracelets buying guides use our step-by-step guides and find the perfect engagement ring. engagement ring buying guide diamond buying guide fine jewelry buying guide gift guide education center read through our education center for an in-depth look at what makes our jewelry special. diamond education gold education platinum education gemstone education pearl education diamond certification financing jewelry care insurance home > customer service > testimonials customer service about usabout adiamorcontact adiamorin the mediaour historyrefer a friendtestimonialswhy shop at adiamorpoliciesconflict free policydiamond price matchdiamond upgrade programfinancing and insurance international shipments lifetime warrantyluxury gift packagingprivacy policyreturn policyring engravingshipping policyterms and conditionsservicesafter you orderpayment options testimonials read additional reviews on at adiamor, service and customer satisfaction are our number one priority. please read what some of our satisfied customers had to say about their experience. hello adiamor,my name is doug white and i purchased an engagement ring and wedding band online from adiamor and was impressed with the website. however, the good impression did not end there. soon after making my purchase i recieved a confirmation call from adiamor, and your customer service took my appreciation for your company to another level. you help me find a better diamond for the engagement ring and even saved me money. the diamond you picked was a slightly lower carat weight but it had a thicker girdle, but ultimately stayed within my price range. i even looked at other diamond companies and i can honestly say that adiamor is tops when it comes to quality at reasonable prices and customer service. i can not say enough about adiamor, you were extremely helpful, and patiently answered my many questions. when making such a significant purchase it is good to feel at ease and confident about the purchase and you certainly helped with both by your outstanding customer service. adiamor's quality name is exemplified through your outstanding representatives . thank you very much and i can assure you that you will have free advertising through me via word of mouth. extremely satisfied customer, doug white, fredericksburg, va i cannot tell you how much i appreciate all the efforts you went through to help me with my whole engagement process. from choosing the perfect diamond, to the gorgeous setting and finally with shipping the ring to the destination where i needed it! everything worked out according to plan and to have the ring already delivered to michigan before i arrived was a huge relief! i cannot say enough about your commitment to customer service. to top it all off, the ring is absolutely stunning. i'm sure you will hear from us about the wedding bands! i was a bit skeptical about ordering off the internet without seeing the piece, but all my insecurities were settled once i saw the ring. thanks once again! matthew s., san juan, puerto rico hi, just wanted to send you a note that we got the ring today and my girlfriend loves it to say the least. thank you so much for helping me pick out the diamond, it's just the way i wanted it to look. you guys run a great site and i'm so appreciative of your service. i would really like to keep you a secret, but if anyone is ever in the market for a diamond ring, you can be sure i'll pass on your information.								 thanks again. john vanschaick, raleigh, nc i want to take this opportunity to thank you for the jewelry which you have manufactured for me (rings, pave diamond pendant with chain, and princess cut earrings. i have never seen anything like your jewelry--the gold weight being heavy and thick; the diamonds are absolutely brilliant and the detail (including the basket on the underside of your rings) is absolutely the best of the best! also, i want to thank you for your professionalism and kindness. your company is top notch. anyone looking to buy either a diamond or a piece of jewelry, i would look no further. trust me, you will absolutely be in total awe when you open the box. again, thanks from the bottom of my heart. janice thering, madison, wi i want to thank you for the beautiful princess cut diamond. i am sure my girlfriend, soon to be fiancé, will be absolutely thrilled. i will admit i was somewhat apprehensive about purchasing a diamond on the internet, but it turned out to be the best purchase i've ever made. it was great being able to look over your inventory without feeling pressured to buy something out of my price range. i was able to select the diamond i wanted, have it set in the engagement setting of my choice, and i had it in my hands within a few days. that's what i call great service! thanks again and if you ever need a customer testimonial … please call me. sincerely, matthew shenigo, akron, oh to the adiamor crew, buying a diamond for a loved one can be one of the most challenging undertakings imaginable. uncertainty, inflated prices, unhelpful and/or downright dishonest jewelry salespersons make the prospective buyer's job even harder. i've watched many of my close friends second-guess their own diamond purchases, feeling overcharged and under-appreciated by the retail chain stores they purchased from. luckily, i have had no such experience with adiamor! you guys made my purchase very easy & painless. up front pricing & shipping, prompt e-mail correspondence, and friendly customer service, sets you apart from the "others" i've had the misfortune of dealing with. i placed my order wednesday afternoon and received it today (friday) before 10:00am. needless to say i'm very pleased. the beauty of the diamond is far beyond my wildest expectations....you've made me a very happy man! thank you so much for your excellent work… you are highly recommended! another very satisfied customer, gary d. white, katy, tx let me start by saying thank you so much for making this a pleasant experience for both my fiancé and myself. my fiancé found your site on the web by doing a random search and i am so glad he did. not only did he learn so much about diamonds but he picked out a beautiful diamond that i will treasure for the rest of my life. i love my ring so much i suggest to everyone i know who is thinking about getting engaged to see your site first before going to the malls. thanks again, anonymous dear adiamor, thank you very much for all your wonderful help during this very important time in our lives. you made finding the perfect engagement ring a pleasurable and enjoyable experience. my finance was ecstatic about the engagement ring and loves it very much. thank you for helping me find a great quality diamond that fit into my required parameters. i really appreciate your help in finding the perfect engagement setting to complement the beautiful stone. i would also like to thank you for fitting all of this into our price range. you were very professional and wonderful throughout the whole process and i look forward to doing business with you in the future. thanks again for everything. respectfully, james burgess, san antonio, tx hello, just wanted to say that the ring was a great success! my girlfriend (fiancée) absolutely loved the ring. she and i can’t believe how much sparkle the diamond has, especially in the sunlight. i just wanted to say thank you very much for all your help in finding the engagement setting and the diamond. i will definitely do business with adiamor again. i’ve already told quite a few people about your company. thank you, thank you, thank you!!! dr. joseph c. arters, alliance, oh hi, just a quick note to thank you so much for my beautiful ring!! i know you thought you had heard the last from me (thankfully) however, i had to email to let you know just how happy i am with my purchase!! when i opened the box, i nearly fell over. my friends and family are equally impressed!! thanks adiamor - for putting up with me and for being so pleasant and understanding. sincerely, mrs. darbi l. olson, eugene, or my fiancé proposed last weekend and my ring is absolutely beautiful!! it is perfect. i have received compliments from total strangers on the diamond and the setting. thank you so much for all of your help!! jennifer anderson, chicago, il dear adiamor: thank you so much for your time and effort in getting the engagement ring to me before saturday. you really helped me pick a beautiful ring. my fiancée loves it and i'm happy as can be. i appreciate all your support and want to wish you a wonderful new year sincerely, jim seriruk, chicago, il dear adiamor, i just want to let you know that the package arrived safely this afternoon. the ring is stunningly beautiful. i want to thank you and your sales staff for all the help you have given me in making this excellent selection. working with adiamor has been a real pleasure and exceeded all my expectations. i know that on christmas day you will make one woman extremely happy. wishing you a merry christmas and a prosperous new year, robert cordell, los gatos, ca attn: management i just wanted to let you know that i very much appreciate the efforts of your employees who helped me find the engagement ring for my fiancée. they are both very professional, knowledgeable, and most importantly, patient in answering all of my questions. adiamor went the extra mile in finding me a nice diamond within my price range and continued to call me back to update me on my order. i will definitely look forward to shopping with adiamor in the future. best regards, jim seriruk, chicago, il i would like to take this opportunity to thank you for all your assistance with my diamond engagement ring purchase. i made my purchase with ease and confidence due to a friend's recommendation to your company. the people i spoke to were friendly and knowledgeable. when i received the diamond ring i was quite impressed with the quality and price. i spent long hours researching and looking at what other jewelers had to offer. you definitely offered the best service and price. you did not use pressure or any fancy sales tactics, which i experienced with other jewelers. i am very happy with my purchase and will highly recommend adiamor. i would not hesitate to make another purchase from you again in the future. thank you for making my purchase a happy experience, albert cheever, weehawken, nj dear adiamor, 								 i just wanted to take the time to thank you for all of your help. i received the diamond this morning and it's beautiful! i really appreciate your help and professionalism in finding the perfect stone for me. i have to tell you, the appearance and presentation of the package you sent me was by far above my expectations. thanks again for your help. it's been a great experience and a pleasure doing business with you. kevin d. sinclair, dallas, tx adiamor, i want to thank you for helping my fiancée find the perfect diamond. it is exactly what i wanted and more! its sparkle is very beautiful. also, the band and setting look wonderful. i will definitely recommend adiamor to anyone else looking for quality jewelry. my fiancé also said that he appreciates your quick responses with regard to diamonds. thanks again for helping make my engagement so special! 		 sincerely, l. ipock, lafayette, co hello, i just wanted to say thank you for your help. the ring is absolutely beautiful! teri, my fiancée, loved it. i want you to know that i was very impressed with adiamor and i hope to use you again in the future. thanks again, brad spivey, raleigh, nc dear adiamor, i just wanted to express my appreciation for the quality of service and jewelry that you have provided to my fiancé and me. the engagement ring that you custom-made was gorgeous, and the price you charged was less than your competitors and far less than the appraised value. the custom wedding band and diamond earrings that we recently purchased from you are equally beautiful and very fairly priced. the fact that i bought from you not once but twice should tell you every thing you need to know about my level of satisfaction. thank you again, jon, houston, tx thank you for all your help in finding the right diamond for my ring. i found your web site very helpful and easy to use. i especially liked the learning resource center you have created to explain all i needed to know about diamond shopping, from size to color to care of diamonds. it was great for me since i knew almost nothing about diamonds (except the brief geology lessons in high school). i also found your representatives friendly and, especially, patient. thank you again for everything! lora wang, malden, ma i just wanted to write a quick note and let you know i received my ring today and it is just beautiful! you did a great job! i appreciate how quick it came too. thanks again and you may be hearing from us when we need our wedding bands. your catalog had many beautiful bands in it. sincerely, elizabeth fitch, tonawanda, ny i just wanted to thank you for all your help in getting my diamond engagement ring to me last thursday. it was perfect! maria was so excited when she saw it. she has gotten so many compliments on the ring from people she does not even know! it is absolutely stunning and i know i would have paid close to $9,000 - $12,000 here in tampa for a similar ring. i have told everyone i know about your sales and service and hope i can send you business in the future. best regards, jack bagala, tampa, fl to adiamor, i want to thank you for working with me to design the perfect engagement ring for my fiancée. i searched high and low for a jeweler that i could trust to build the ring with very specific features, at a very specific budget. adiamor was the only jeweler able to make it happen. i am impressed with the quality. the company’s 50 years of experience in the business certainly shines in the craftsmanship and the service. please keep up the good work. sincerely, roger mcelmell, san diego, ca i just received the package and the ring is absolutely beautiful! don't blame me if you start getting referrals from debbie and i. i gave the ring to debbie on saturday, after all the tears and phone calls to family and friends, she was determined to call and give you a big thanks. she didn't realize it was 10pm.... thanks again. brett leagjeld, eagan, mn thanks so much for your help. my fiancé loves the solitaire and everyone who sees it turns green with envy. truly the most beautiful diamond i've seen on any woman’s hand. regards, l. reid benedict, palmyra, va i just wanted to write and tell thank you so much for the quick service. the rings look beautiful and i was happily surprised to have received them this morning. i appreciate all you have done for me. thank you once again. kathy wiltsey, rochester, mn hi, just a quick note to let you know i received the diamond (radiant 1.55ct) via fed ex today. thank you. i think it looks beautiful...now i can have kelly give it her seal of approval. thanks again for your time on the phone day before yesterday. best regards, ed curry, miami, fl i would like to start by saying that you have a staff like no other. the time and quality that your company has put on the diamond ring i ordered is incredible. my fiance is very pleased with the ring, as well as i. rest assure that when our wedding days comes, we'll order our bands from your company. sincerely yours, adonis, key west, fl 3 connect with us subscribe now to receive exclusive offers from adiamor! get social find adiamor wherever you are. select your country united states australia austria belgium canada france germany greece ireland italy portugal spain united kingdom about us a+ rating from bbb thousands of satisfied customers conflict-free policy why buy from adiamor? customer service free fedex shippingâ® 30-day returns ring engraving terms & conditions contact us service@adiamor.com 1-877-627-5094 click here for live chat for phone orders, please mention: abcdefg â© 1999-2013 adiamor. return policy | terms and conditions | site map quick links: engagement rings loose diamonds wedding rings diamond jewelry diamond earrings gold jewelry platinum jewelry pearl jewelry diamond education design your own diamond engagement ring design your own diamond stud earrings design your own diamond solitaire pendant earrings pendants bracelets