来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20131006050530/http://www.adiamor.com/Terms-and-Conditions
================================================================================

terms and conditions | adiamor usd cart wishlist sign in sign in to my account email address: order number or password: my wishlist you have no items in your wishlist. my shopping cart you have no items in your cart. diamonds engagement rings wedding jewelry gifts education on sale diamond search search through over 80,000 stones and find your perfect diamond. diamond search tool custom diamond search canadian diamonds diamond education affinity collection our affinity collection is a hand-selected group of our very finest diamonds. search affinity ideal diamonds learn about affinity diamonds design your own choose a diamond and design your unique piece of timeless diamond jewelry. design your engagement ring design a pair of diamond earrings design a diamond pendant engagement rings our classic solitaire settings are available in 14k, 18k and platinum. solitaire settings diamond accented settings gemstone accented settings view all engagement settings by metal white gold engagement rings yellow gold engagement rings rose gold engagement rings platinum engagement rings by style pave set engagement rings channel set engagement rings invisible set halo settings split shank settings matched sets shop all matched sets design your own choose a diamond and design your very own unique diamond engagement ring. design your engagement ring loose diamond search engagement guide userful tips on how to buy diamonds, engagement rings, wedding bands, and more. engagement ring buying guide diamond buying guide proposal tips wedding rings from eternity bands to classic metal and diamond ring styles. wedding bands eternity bands shop all rings and bands men's rings our selection of classic metal bands in a variety of styles. shop all men's rings design your own search for your perfect diamond and match it with one of our settings to create your unique engagement ring. design your engagement ring rings and bands our classic selection of diamond fashion and eternity bands. wedding bands eternity bands metal bands shop all rings and bands earrings design your own diamond studs or shop classic fashion earrings. dangle earrings diamond stud earrings pearl earrings shop all earrings pendants shop our diamond pendants, available in platinum or gold. diamond pendants fashion pendants pearl strands shop all pendants bracelets lovely diamond bracelets in 14k gold, 18k gold and platinum. diamond tennis bracelets gold bracelets diamond bracelets shop all bracelets top gift ideasbrowse our most popular gifts and find that special something.top gift ideaspendants under $100 wedding gifts thoughtful gifts for brides, grooms and everyone in between. wedding rings anniversary rings bridal party gifts diamond jewelry shop elegant diamond jewelryin styles that suit any occasion.diamond earringsdiamond pendantsdiamond bracelets buying guides use our step-by-step guides and find the perfect engagement ring. engagement ring buying guide diamond buying guide fine jewelry buying guide gift guide education center read through our education center for an in-depth look at what makes our jewelry special. diamond education gold education platinum education gemstone education pearl education diamond certification financing jewelry care insurance home > customer service > terms and conditions customer service about usabout adiamorcontact adiamorin the mediaour historyrefer a friendtestimonialswhy shop at adiamorpoliciesconflict free policydiamond price matchdiamond upgrade programfinancing and insurance international shipments lifetime warrantyluxury gift packagingprivacy policyreturn policyring engravingshipping policyterms and conditionsservicesafter you orderpayment options terms and conditions special or custom orders shipping & handling payment methods returns sales tax ring sizing repair service product availability product pricing product information and imagesif you have any questions about the following policies,please feel free to submit your questions by e-mail atservice@adiamor.com or call us toll-free at 1.877.627.5094.    special or custom orders many of our items may be altered in various ways. occasionally we receive requests to use sapphires, rubies, or other stones in place of what may be displayed on our site. other requests have included the use of more or less stones or different size stones for a particular item. such requests may be possible, but are non-refundable, unless there is an error on behalf of adiamor. we reserve the right to correct any issues prior to issuing a refund. please call a representative at 1-877-627-5094 with the item number of the product you wish to customize. please note that most engagement rings are shown with a four-prong setting/head for round stones, but are also available with six-prong settings by request. this option is available online when you make your purchase. this is not considered a special or custom order and is fully refundable.  shipping and handling all packages shipped from adiamor are fully insured to your doorstep. for security purposes, signature is required for all fedex deliveries, regardless of signature waivers you may have on file with fedex.alternate shipping address if your billing address is a p.o. box or if you would like your delivery to be discreet, you can provide a shipping address other than your billing address. for added security from fraudulent charges to your credit card, please provide the alternate shipping address to your credit card company. your sales representative will verify that both addresses are on file with your credit card company.saturday delivery for your convenience, saturday delivery can be arranged if weekday delivery is not suitable. though fedex provides this service to a vast majority of us cities, delivery in your area is subject to availability. one of our sales consultants will be glad to assist in verifying saturday delivery in your area. if you are interested in requesting fedex saturday delivery, please contact one of our sales representatives.international shipping adiamor ships internationally to apo and fpo addresses via usps priority mail at no cost. we also currently ship to canada, the united kingdom, ireland, australia, new zealand, and mexico via fedex international priority at a flat rate of $85. please call a representative at 1-877-627-5094 for the latest list of added countries. all shipments are fully insured during transit. we accept international credit cards through google checkout. for orders paid by bank wire, we offer a 1.5% discount. please visit our international shipments page for details on applicable duties and taxes.  payment methodsfor your convenience, adiamor accepts the following forms of payment:           bank wiresall payments made by bank wire will receive a 1.5% discount. select the wire transfer option during the checkout process and you will receive an email with instructions containing our bank information to print and present to your bank.  returnsadiamor offers a 30-day return period for a full refund (minus any special requests), as long as everything is returned in its original condition and with all contents. every loose diamond purchased through adiamor is accompanied by its original diamond grading report, and all rings, pendants, and bracelets are shipped in a wood lacquered box. we require that these items are included in your return in the condition you received them or a replacement fee will apply. your account will be credited once the package has been received and reviewed by our gemologists.  sales taxall orders shipped within the state of california will be subject to sales tax.  ring sizingadiamor offers free ring sizing within the first 90 days from the original shipment date. most rings can be resized within 4 business days. depending on the size discrepancy, some rings will take approximately 8-10 business days. print out our free ring sizer.  repair serviceadiamor offers repair services. a fee may apply for any service or repair item that may seem abused or altered in any way. please call a representative toll-free at 1-877-627-5094 for further details.  product availabilityall items listed on our website are subject to availability. with the high volume of orders we receive and the items we carry, at times, an item may be sold before we are able to update our site. if an item is out of stock, a sales consultant will personally and promptly contact you to help you search for a comparable item.  product pricingmanagement makes every attempt to ensure that our expansive online catalog is as accurate and complete as possible. in the event an item is listed with an inaccurate description or incorrect price due to data-entry or system error, we reserve the right to correct any and all errors and cancel any orders placed for the item listed at the incorrect price or with the inaccurate description. due to pricing fluctuations in the diamond market, our prices are subject to change without notice.  product information and imagesmanagement has attempted to accurately depict the products offered on the site. however, because the depiction of a product is dependent on your computer monitor, we cannot guarantee that such depiction will be accurate. products may appear larger or smaller than their actual size and colors will vary depending on your monitor. some photographs have been enlarged to show detail. in accordance with industry standards and ftc regulations, total carat weight may vary +/- 0.05 carats from the stated weight. 12 connect with us subscribe now to receive exclusive offers from adiamor! get social find adiamor wherever you are. select your country united states australia austria belgium canada france germany greece ireland italy portugal spain united kingdom about us a+ rating from bbb thousands of satisfied customers conflict-free policy why buy from adiamor? customer service free fedex shippingâ® 30-day returns ring engraving terms & conditions contact us service@adiamor.com 1-877-627-5094 click here for live chat for phone orders, please mention: abcdefg â© 1999-2013 adiamor. return policy | terms and conditions | site map quick links: engagement rings loose diamonds wedding rings diamond jewelry diamond earrings gold jewelry platinum jewelry pearl jewelry diamond education design your own diamond engagement ring design your own diamond stud earrings design your own diamond solitaire pendant earrings pendants bracelets