来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20141219032705/http://www.adiamor.com/Testimonials
================================================================================

adiamor reviews - customer reviews & testimonials schedule an appointment call 1-877-627-5094 or email us at service@adiamor.com to schedule an appointment. my wishlist you have no items in your wishlist. my shopping cart you have no items in your cart. usd cart wishlist sign in schedule an appointment diamonds engagement rings wedding jewelry gifts education on sale diamond search search through over 80,000 stones and find your perfect diamond. diamond search tool custom diamond search canadian diamonds diamond education affinity collection our affinity collection is a hand-selected group of our very finest diamonds. search affinity ideal diamonds learn about affinity diamonds design your own choose a diamond and design your unique piece of timeless diamond jewelry. design your engagement ring design a pair of diamond earrings design a diamond pendant engagement rings our classic solitaire settings are available in 14k, 18k and platinum. solitaire settings diamond accented settings ready set ship view all engagement settings by metal white gold engagement rings yellow gold engagement rings rose gold engagement rings platinum engagement rings by style pave set engagement rings channel set engagement rings invisible set halo settings split shank settings matched sets shop all matched sets design your own choose a diamond and design your very own unique diamond engagement ring. design your engagement ring loose diamond search engagement guide userful tips on how to buy diamonds, engagement rings, wedding bands, and more. engagement ring buying guide diamond buying guide proposal tips wedding rings from eternity bands to classic metal and diamond ring styles. wedding bands eternity bands shop all rings and bands men's rings our selection of classic metal bands in a variety of styles. shop all men's rings design your own search for your perfect diamond and match it with one of our settings to create your unique engagement ring. design your engagement ring rings and bands our classic selection of diamond fashion and eternity bands. wedding bands eternity bands metal bands shop all rings and bands earrings design your own diamond studs or shop classic fashion earrings. dangle earrings diamond stud earrings pearl earrings shop all earrings pendants shop our diamond pendants, available in platinum or gold. diamond pendants fashion pendants pearl strands shop all pendants bracelets lovely diamond bracelets in 14k gold, 18k gold and platinum. diamond tennis bracelets gold bracelets diamond bracelets shop all bracelets top gift ideas browse our most popular gifts and find that special something. top gift ideas pendants under $500 wedding gifts thoughtful gifts for brides, grooms and everyone in between. wedding rings anniversary rings bridal party gifts diamond jewelry shop elegant diamond jewelry in styles that suit any occasion. diamond earrings diamond pendants diamond bracelets buying guides use our step-by-step guides and find the perfect engagement ring. engagement ring buying guide diamond buying guide fine jewelry buying guide gift guide education center read through our education center for an in-depth look at what makes our jewelry special. diamond education gold education platinum education gemstone education pearl education diamond certification financing jewelry care insurance home diamonds engagement rings wedding jewelry gifts on sale education home > customer service > testimonials http://m.adiamor.com/ customer service about usabout adiamorcontact adiamorin the mediaour historyrefer a friendtestimonialswhy shop at adiamorpoliciesconflict free policydiamond price matchdiamond upgrade programfinancing and insurance international shipments lifetime warrantyluxury gift packagingprivacy policyreturn policyring engravingshipping policyterms and conditionsservicesafter you orderpayment options testimonials 42 reviews at adiamor, service and customer satisfaction are our number one priority. please read what some of our satisfied customers had to say about their experience. amazing service - great price adiamor provided a service, and a gorgeous ring! she loved it! thanks!!!! joe a., point pleasant beach, nj 1/2015 engagement ring ring arrived as scheduled and was beautiful virginia k., kansas city, mo 1/2015 lots of fire and shine! this ring will impress anyone. incredible fire in the diamonds. great craftsmanship. my fiancé was floored! matt p., los angeles, ca 1/2015 awesome ring! adiamor is a great website with great deals and staff! they helped me out through the purchase...definitely recommend. pat m., newark, de 1/2015 amazing experience! the service and quality for money is outstanding. i can't say enough about the transparent pricing, the friendly cheerful service and the extra steps taken to ensure we got what we wanted. if you're looking to buy, buy here. melissa d., sydney, australia 1/2015 pave-set matching bands perfect complement to the engagement setting. stunning together. customer rep. was awesome!!!! vince t., new york city, ny 1/2015 very nice she loved it! :) anton v., los angeles, ca 1/2015 i can't say enough about adiamor! they go above and beyond to satisfy customers. brian s., palm bay, fl 12/2014 diamond eternity band wow...for my ten year anniversary i received a gift of a new setting for my diamond...spent weeks trying to find the perfect one...thin band, basket setting, diamonds on prongs, eternity style and a company where i could safely send my stone to be placed in the new setting. i have already recommended and will continue to recommend adiamor for their amazing service and quality. thank you so much! doreen h., bridgeport, mi 12/2014 cocktail ring this ring is absolutely beautiful. thank you! michele i., thunder bay, ontario, canada 12/2014 ring is fantastic!!! when the ring arrived, it was exactly what i expected and came with all certificates and appraisals for insurance purposes. the rose gold is absolutely stunning and really accents the vibrancy of the diamonds. galen w., atascosita, tx 12/2014 men’s ring the men's ring was beautiful and fit my finger perfectly. as usual, you guys did an outstanding job. mazin a., leawood, ks 12/2014 my amazing engagement ring we both can't recommend adiamor as anything less that being the best decision you will ever make. michael m., port lincoln, south australia 12/2014 perfect! my now fiancée was so thrilled with the ring she can't stop staring at it! the customer service was awesome and the ring was perfect in person, thank you for making my purchase so easy! christophe c., montreal, canada 12/2014 amazing ring and service the ring was amazing! she loved it and everyone else did too. the service department, helped me the whole way through and put everything together perfectly. thank you! sean h., enfield, ct 12/2014 beautiful ring the ring that i purchased from adiamor is perfect in every way. it looks even better in person than it does on the website. i couldn't have asked for anything more. michael b., louisville, ky 12/2014 perfect adiamor has been so helpful. i ordered this ring in 5mm instead of 7.5 for my fiancé. he is going to love it. i also ordered the matching women's band for myself. i am so excited for him to see these rings. thank you adiamor. i will never purchase from another company. kaitlan b., oakley, ut 12/2014 we like adiamor their service has been great and each of the items we've ordered have been excellent. amanuel m., blaine, mn 12/2014 wedding ring set these are gorgeous and the customer service was first rate! debra r., crescent city, il 12/2014 awesome piece of jewelry awesome piece of jewelry, better than expected, thanks a lot adiamor, ship on time and great value! i'll buy again orlando b., miami, fl 11/2014 happy customer wife loves ring, customer service was excellent chad d., carmichaels, pa 11/2014 gorgeous ring! the ring was perfect! even her friends said it was exactly what she wanted! thank you sooo much! bob and lynn robert h., angola, in 11/2014 fantastic 5 star ring and service the ring arrived yesterday and is quite spectacular. the setting far better than the impression left from the web site and offsets the diamond perfectly. daniel b., south windsor, ct 11/2014 great product, great customer service i couldn't ask for a better product, and adiamor's customer service was great in helping me to pick out the diamond and ensure that it got to me in a timely and organized fashion. could not be more pleased. richard h., laramie, wy 11/2014 my beautiful ring! i was very apprehensive about making a jewelry purchase over the internet. but jennifer went above and beyond to help me put a ring together and it is amazing!! i couldn't be happier with it or the service i received with adiamor. myrna, mo 11/2014 service to australia we were a little nervous ordering a ring online and from overseas but we could not be happier that we did. i can not believe how quickly we received the ring after ordering it. the whole process was quite simple and stress free. the lady who helped us was wonderful and i would have no complaints. kirsten r., diamond creek, vic 11/2014 engagement & wedding band purchase i bought my engagement ring and wedding band from adiamor over the internet and i could not be happier. the service was incredible and the quality was superior. my fiancé gets compliments on her engagement ring everywhere we go and she was blown away with it as well. daryl w., christiansburg, va 11/2014 delighted with our purchase! my fiancé and i picked out our ring setting together. we could not be more pleased with the drop dead beautiful ring. everyone we spoke to at adaimor, was so nice and so helpful. we would not hesitate to recommend this company. thank you for everything! jane p., orlando, fl 11/2014 what a gorgeous ring!! this ring more than exceeds my expectations! as soon as i opened the box i couldn't believe how beautiful the setting and the center diamond is. i can't stop looking at it and will never want another one because this one is perfect and the service from you guys is the best. thank you adiamor! i will definitely tell my friends! dee, montgomery, tx 11/2014 awesome experience with adiamor i did a thorough search online companies who make engagement rings (i was considering price, variety of options and quality) and i decided to go with adiamor. everything was excellent including the customer support. dmitriy c., tucson, az 11/2014 dear adiamor, i received my ring this week, and it's absolutely beautiful! thank you for the wonderful service! noelle m., boston, ma 10/2014 i really love my wedding band from your company. i got the white gold with the rose gold in the center that had the basket weave design. it is something different than so many other rings i saw and it is great. glad i found your company. mike s., cornelius, nc 10/2014 just wanted to say thank you so much for everything on the ring. my now fiancé loves it and cannot stop staring at it. she will be driving and i'll notice the car drifting to the left because she's looking at the ring and not the road! thank you for all your help! will definitely connect with you on our next purchase. take care. haji, los angeles, ca 07/2014 i’m writing this to express to anyone thinking about getting engaged, wedding bands, or anniversary jewelry to make sure you use adiamor! the rings were absolutely gorgeous! we got so many compliments on how well they matched and how different they were. that kind of customer service and attentiveness is why we will continue to shop with adiamor and get all of our jewelry from here going forward. we can't thank you enough for these rings and the engraving that was done! ana c., sterling, va 07/2014 i just want to say, that dealing with you guys has been an absolute blessing. right from the get-go. i went to numerous sources and got educated on the industry really well. dealing with adiamor was effortless and very professional. it truly made my decision easier. you were never pushy; you educated me and answered any questions i had. the company really made me confident in product understanding and in the overall purchase process. in addition, i can say it was everyone at adiamor (not just one person). from elizabeth, to art, to sam... from sales all the way to accounting and every e-mail. i just want to say i appreciate everything and she absolutely loves the ring! thank you once again. erwin and val, calgary, ab, canada 07/2014 ring was beautifully crafted! the wooden box it came presented in was an elegant touch which made my fiancé very happy indeed. diamond is of impeccable quality, sparkles in the sunlight and looks beautiful on her finger. we have received many compliments on it from friends and family as the design is unique and is not readily available at many jewelers in australia. have recommended adiamor to some friends and advised them that the staff are accommodating, helpful and willing to guide them through the process. we're very happy with the ring and the service received from adiamor :) hugh, adelaide, australia 06/2014 i got my rings from adiamor and then decided to have them redone in platinum. i love them and they got them back to me with a week. thank you so much i love my rings you did a great job and would refer you again to all my friends. denise d., new york, ny 05/2014 great ring! great diamond! great customer service! exactly what we wanted, thank you so much! jeff, denver, co 02/2014 my fiancé loves her ring. adiamor definitely exceeded my expectations. the ring definitely fit within my budget. i would definitely use them in the future! patrick, gainesville, fl 02/2014 received my ring yesterday and did adiamor ever deliver. after shopping around to local jewelers and jeweler exchange in boston, nobody could compete. so nervous making such a large purchase online site unseen. soooo thankful i did!!! more beautiful than i could have imagined. hope she says "yes"!!! thanks again adiamor!! jeff, boston, ma 02/2014 the most beautiful ring ever. it's perfect on my fingers. mona c., honolulu, hi 01/2014 extremely satisfied customer, just got the ring i ordered today and it is gorgeous. the picture you see online does not do it justice until you see it in person. shopping online at adiamor.com was fast, easy and laid out with perfect ease of use. shipping was quick and right on time. when they did not have the diamond in stock i picked out, they quickly let me know and had a replacement already selected. it was even more perfect than the first! i'd encourage anyone to buy from here. the other stores would easily charge double the price i paid. you rock, adiamor.com! aaron sinquefield, fort worth, tx 11/2013 excellent!! i did my research, learned what i needed to so i could make an informed purchase, then i went diamond shopping. at store after store, i got b.s. from sales persons, higher-priced, lesser quality diamonds, high-priced settings and long wait times for custom work. then i found adiamor among other online merchants- adiamor quickly rose to the top of the list. i found the perfect setting and a great diamond at a great price. i then called to confirm price and the availability of a custom size setting and the diamond i had selected; the customer service rep. was most polite and helpful, in no time my order was complete. six days later the completed ring was delivered, and it was absolutly beautiful!!! exactly what i was hoping for in all respects, the engagement ring is perfect, the diamond is exactly as described with the gia certification to match. the appraisal has come back several thousand more than what i paid, but the most important thing was the look on my wife's face when she opened the box. that, as they say, was priceless. thank you. f. metz, fort walton beach, fl 11/2013 i have been with my girlfriend for 13 years. we have been together since middle school and i knew she deserved the very best ring i could afford. i'm so glad i found this website because this ring was perfect in every way. she absolutely loves it! she can't stop looking at it and telling me how beautiful it is. the setting in the picture doesn't do it justice. it’s stunning in person and with the center diamond such a perfect cut, this ring shines all day under any light. thanks for adiamor for the perfect ring and a price that was more than affordable. bryan carter, laurel, md 11/2013 great service, great ring, great quality = happy fiancé!! - i was searching and searching for the perfect engagement ring for my girlfriend. she has seen this ring once before a long time back and i knew what she liked... she keeps telling me every day how much it sparkles... jeff r., wakefield, ma 11/2013 adiamor is by far the best jeweler that my husband or i have ever dealt with. when we were engaged, we lived overseas. most would say, “you bought this online??” to which i always reply “yes, well my husband bought this online, and i am most impressed!” he designed everything on the ring, from the cut of the diamond, to the quality of the diamond, to the size of the diamond. i am very lucky to have a husband who is so thoughtful and loving. i have to say everywhere i go i get compliments on both my engagement ring and wedding ring. i would recommend this jeweler to everyone, engagement or not. adiamor is the best quality and the most helpful in each aspect! bianca moyer, baltimore, md 11/2013 my husband and i visited many stores and compared the prices, designs and value to online stores. we were surprised at the difference in the "value for your money" you get when you buy online. we got the best deal at adiamor out of all the online stores out there. my engagement ring is very beautiful- i just love it,  and all the compliments i get. we purchased the ring with a .99 carat, e-color, vvs2-clarity, excellent cut diamond. i couldn't be happier! thank you, adiamor. swathi manepalli, franklin, tn 10/2013 the service that i received from art was exceptional. my special request for a canadian-sourced diamond and exceptionally tight timeline was met with confidence. the diamond arrived from canada on wednesday, set and shipped on thursday. i received the beautiful ring on friday, flew 2800 miles on saturday and proposed on the rim of crater lake on sunday. the events happened exactly as planned, and were only possible through the excellent service provided by adiamor. i high recommend this organization for price, quality and service. gerald holt, charlotte, nc 10/2013 wow, i just received the ring in the mail. it is beautiful. i am so happy and i got it so fast and it was such a good deal. i was very hesitant about buying a ring online, but when all is said and done it is perfect. if she doesn't say yes after this i give up. thanks for everyone who helped this process go smoothly. brian morton, chicago, il 10/2013 thank you adiamor for your excellent service. i was very concerned about ordering a ring online. melissa made my buying experience very easy with her follow up and expertise in choosing the stone. i proposed to my fiancé on sunday and she was at a loss for words. the compliments on the ring have been overwhelming!!! adiamor surpassed my expectations and i was able to give my fiancé the ring of her dreams for much less than i found elsewhere. thank you adiamor we will be using you for the wedding bands as well!! rick s., culver city, ca 10/2013 the diamond is beautiful. so much so, that everyone at the jewelry store i went to get it set was blown away. the manager even asked for your company's name. she began to cross check the diamonds in the store to the diamonds you have offered. no surprise, your diamonds were a better quality and a better price. i saved thousands of dollars going through adiamor and i was able to have the engagement ring of my dreams. thank you! brittany rossi, virginia beach, va 10/2013 wow, my boyfriend (fiancé now) proposed to me on our vacation in jamaica last week. the ring that your company made for me was breathtaking!! the shine on the diamond is fantastic and i have received compliments from everyone that has seen it. thank you so much and i look forward to working with your team to design wedding bands for our big day in 10 months! karen b., montreal, qc, canada 10/2013 i was a little skeptical about ordering online but after looking everywhere for the ring we wanted we decided to take a chance on ordering from you, because you had what looked like the perfect ring style. my engagement ring is perfect and truly beautiful. it was a better price than anything that was comparable. customer service was great when we had some questions about the diamond we wanted. great experience all around! amy w., fayetteville, ar 10/2013 thank you so much for a beautiful ring, it was well worth waiting for. when i first ordered this ring i forgot to alter the ring size. i called adiamor and explained what i'd done, and the employee i spoke to couldn't do enough to help me. she told me they couldn't change the size but would re-cast the ring. she even apologized that i'd have to wait longer to get it. the ring was shipped on the 11th and received early morning on the 13th; i live in britain and was very impressed by the speed of delivery. also, the fact that with fedex tracking, i could see where my ring was all the time and knew just when to expect it was a reassuring bonus. the ring, certificates and presentation box are all very beautiful and i will certainly be shopping with adiamor again in the future. thank you again! luke vickers, peterborough, uk 10/2013 i was very skeptical about purchasing a diamond from a website that i never heard of before, however, i clicked the submit order button and purchased a 1.5 carat, vs2, i color diamond. i received the diamond within a week and it was gorgeous. my fiancé loves it and it's very sparkly. i did verify the laser inscription, and rest assured that adiamor has great diamonds. buy with confidence and you will save a lot of money. blue nile does not have as many choices and you would pay at least $300 more on a similar diamond. thank you adiamor sid hysi, philadelphia, pa 09/2013 just wanted to say thank you to your customer service and sales department. y’all are amazing. the ring i ordered was delivered just in time, the manager was very helpful; he was great in his dealings with us, and very professional. most importantly, my fiancé loved loved the ring. if the main lady is happy, everyone's happy, ha-ha! thank you once again. i will definitely shop with y’all again and refer anyone and everyone to your website. vinay sedey, plano, tx 09/2013 the ring is beautiful. the service was impeccable. overall, it was a wonderful experience. i would definitely recommend you to my friends. many, many thanks! luis soto, new york, ny 09/2013 i am soo pleased with the purchase, the ring and the diamond look exactly as described. the customer service was exceptional. i highly recommend this website for anyone who is diamond shopping online. i have been to all the websites and believe me adiamor gives the best value for your money. i will definitely return to shop here! amit singh, altamonte springs, fl 09/2013 my engagement ring turned out so amazing. my soon-to-be-husband was very worried about ordering a ring online and wasn't sure if the ring would be real or of the quality would be there. the other worry is that you don’t actually get to physically hold what you are about to buy. but after all the weighing out of the pros and cons of buying in a store like mayors’ or adiamor we choose adiamor! we are so happy we did. he purchased an emerald cut diamond over 2 carats with the pave setting. it sparkles like the sun in the sky. i receive a compliment on it every day. thank you guys for doing such a good job! the customer service was also great (i was a little worried, but when i called everyone who helped me was very, very, very nice!). give adiamor a shot i promise you that you will not be disappointed!! ps- i got a separate appraisal for the ring and the ring appraised 2xs as much as he paid for it! amanda and wes s., boca raton, fl 09/2013 i would like to thank adiamor for the quality specified on their site. i wasn't too fond of the idea of purchasing online. after a few phone calls about a particular princess cut diamond i found online, i made the leap and clicked 'purchase'. i intended to get the ring appraised at my trusted local jeweler and if it didn't match my expectations of what i thought i ordered, i was going to return it, figuring it was at least worth a try. adiamor... i don't quite understand how you did it, but the ring is simply amazing! i trust my jeweler, but when you take into the fact that i paid half of the value of the ring that my jeweler put on it... it leaves me speechless. how do you sell a ring for $5,000 that is worth $10,000? the diamond is colorless, sparkles like the princess cut should and is perfectly square; the quality of the ring itself is perfect. thank you and i will definitely purchase from you again. -a thrilled customer 09/2013 top notch! it was beyond my expectations. you get so much more for your money than any of the large chain stores i visited. the customer service was great and the engagement ring was just perfect. they also met my time constraints which was a total bonus. the ring appraised for much more than i paid. again, thanks adiamor. we will be back for the matching wedding band! don't hesitate to purchase from adiamor, you’re in safe hands. jonathon reece, denver, co 09/2013 when i got the ring in the mail, i couldn't wait to open the package. i pulled it out, admired the gorgeous box it came in for a second and then opened it up to reveal everything i had hoped for and more. it was an absolutely gorgeous ring. i took it to my local jeweler, who without looking at the gia report graded it the same. the price for a similar diamond (well slightly less perfect actually) in that store was over twice what i paid you guys! she had to check it twice to make sure it was a real diamond. please keep up the good work and great prices. i'll be shopping here in the future! thanks, and oh...she said, "yes!" michael m., salem, va 09/2013 i cannot thank you enough for all the help you gave us in our ring selection.  working with melissa and sandra made it all so smooth and they were so very helpful.  after not being able to find a satisfactory band for the engagement ring i chose, they worked it all out to exchange for a completely new set, including different stone.  i just received the new rings and they are absolutely stunning!! i am even happier than with my first choice.  again, thank you so much for being a quality company we can trust! sandra roth & ray tellez,  mesa, az 08/2013 amazing product and amazing service. the staff was extremely helpful in assisting me to complete my order. the ring was absolutely beautiful and far exceeded my expectations. i had it appraised from an outside source soon after receiving it, and was surprised at how much more it was appraised for than i paid through adiamor. a+ throughout every step of the process. i will definitely use adiamor again, as well as refer your service to any friend. tim senger, dayton, nv 08/2013 all i can say is wow! received the ring on time and received nothing but the best customer service. my fiancé was absolutely blown away by it. she can’t stop staring at her new engagement ring, and everyone compliments how it is one of the best diamonds they have ever seen. thanks! jesse z., mt. olive, il 08/2013 thanks so much for your help. my fiancé loves the solitaire and everyone who sees it turns green with envy. truly the most beautiful diamond i've seen on any woman’s hand. regards, l. reid benedict, palmyra, va 08/2013 the ring is absolutely amazing! it is so beautiful and just what my girlfriend wanted. the customer service was better than i ever could imagine. everyone was so helpful and so great to work with. the quality of the ring, the quality of the workmanship, the excellent customer service - all are above compare. i highly recommend adiamor to anyone and everyone! we will be back! thank you for making our dreams come true! david elliott, delray beach, fl 08/2013 i shopped around every store in eastern north carolina for about two years only to find that selection was very limited to the budget that i had set for my ring. then i started looking around on the internet. the selection was better, but i was worried about spending that kind of money without seeing the ring in person. adiamor’s 30 day return policy gave me the nerve to go ahead and give it a try. let me tell you folks one word: amazing! the ring i received was perfect. i carried the ring to three local jewelers and had it inspected, all three said the ring was excellent craftsmanship. not only that, but it was valued at $8,500 more than i paid for it! they also quoted me a price on the same ring for about $3,000 more than i paid for mine, so with that being said you would be a fool to by a ring in a store front. adiamor wasn't the only internet company i looked at, but they had the best site to help me choose a diamond, their inventory was unmatched by any one else i shopped with. they gave me better service than anyone i had talked to in two years, and i talked to about thirty different stores about a ring. i would like to send special thanks to melissa at adiamor for all the help- she was a real pleasure to deal with! thanks again, adiamor! brad ward, lagrange, nc 08/2013 this was one of the most pleasant buying experiences i've had. to be clear, i was expecting a beautiful and flawless ring... and i wasn't disappointed. but, more impressive was the ease with which i was able to complete the transaction. from choosing a loose diamond among an incredibly large selection, finding a beautiful engagement ring setting, to the efficient ordering process, having my order verified almost immediately and then being shipped quickly on the exact schedule that i was promised... the entire process was painless and i couldn't be happier (and my wife is happier still!). thank you, adiamor! ed e., eustis, fl 08/2013 3 connect with us subscribe now to receive exclusive offers from adiamor! get social find adiamor wherever you are. select your country united states australia austria belgium canada france germany greece ireland italy portugal spain united kingdom about us a+ rating from bbb thousands of satisfied customers conflict-free policy why buy from adiamor? customer service free fedex shipping® 30-day return policy jewelry insurance terms & conditions contact us service@adiamor.com 1-877-627-5094 click here for live chat for phone orders, please mention: abcdefg © 1999-2015 adiamor. return policy | terms and conditions | site map | blog