来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20180827211118/https://www.adiamor.com/Testimonials
================================================================================

adiamor reviews - customer reviews & testimonials 1-877-627-5094 1-877-627-5094 live chat schedule an appointment login wishlist cart schedule an appointment call 1-877-627-5094 or email us at service@adiamor.com to schedule an appointment. you have no items in your wishlist. you have no items in your cart. search diamonds engagement rings wedding jewelry education on sale home diamonds diamond search diamond pairs search custom diamond search canadian diamonds affinity collection diamond education engagement rings shop all engagement rings design your own engagement ring matching bridal sets pre-set engagement rings gia preset engagement rings custom engagement rings recently purchased engagement guide wedding shop all rings and bands women's bands men's bands eternity rings anniversary rings wedding ring guide matched wedding rings jewelry diamond jewelry earrings pendants bracelets rings and bands men's jewelry fine jewelry education gifts top gift ideas pendants under $500 wedding gifts education diamond education engagement guide wedding ring guide fine jewelry guide gift guide metal education pearl education glossary diamond certification financing jewelry care insurance on sale order now and enjoy free fedexâ® overnight shipping and 30-day returns free fedexâ® shipping & 30-day returns se habla espanol 1-877-627-5094 about usabout adiamorcontact adiamorin the mediaour historyrefer a friendwhy shop at adiamorpoliciesconflict free policydiamond price matchdiamond upgrade programfinancing and insurance international shipments lifetime warrantyluxury gift packagingprivacy policyreturn policyring engravingshipping policyterms and conditionsservicesafter you orderpayment options testimonials at adiamor, service and customer satisfaction are our number one priority. please read what some of our satisfied customers had to say about their experience below or from the following websites: 55 reviews stunning! "i purchased this band to go with my fiances engagement ring. even though it is "only" 1.7mm it feels substantial. both items that i have purchased from adiamor have exceeded my expectations. they look beautiful together and she is happy. cannot ask for more than that! " brad a., dublin, ca 06/2017 excellent! "the ring setting is gorgeous, and the diamond itself is absolutely stunning. not only does my fiance love it, but everyone she has shown it to is very impressed and complimentary. 10/10. i would buy from adiamor again!" kenneth s., glendale, ca 06/2017 by far the best! "customer service is what really sets these folks apart from everyone else. you speak to a live person within seconds every time! jennifer and art are very helpful when it comes to finding exactly what you want and help you stay within your budget. also, the live chat is very quick and easy. overnight shipping is awesome! honestly, there is no other place that i would recommend. " mark n., spartanburg, sc 06/2017 exceptional experience! "you made my decision easy with your easy to use site, helpful staff and top notch customer service. thank you!" raphael d., herndon, va 06/2017 could not have asked for a better experience! "like most consumers, i was apprehensive about buying an engagement ring sight unseen. it is such a large investment and you hear of some many people getting ripped off. but instead of writing a review echoing all the other positive comments made, i think it would be more beneficial for future consumers to show you why i am so pleased with adiamor through actual, factual numbers: i bought my engagement ring online through adiamor for $7,344. the purchase came with a complementary appraisal valued at $11,250 (53% more than i paid). naturally skeptical, the very same day the ring was delivered, i took it to a graduate gemologist for an independent appraisal. that independent appraisal verified the gia certificate was genuine, the specifications of the diamond was accurate, and came back valuing the ring at $13,600 (85% more than i paid). now in fairness, it is important to note that appraisals usually run high for insurance reasons, to ensure that you are more than covered in the replacement cost, accounting for: inflation, fluctuations in supply, and good deal purchases. so i asked the gemologist how much would it cost me to buy this exact same ring through her jewelry dealer today. she did some research and gave me the number of $10,200 (38% more than i paid). so instead of echoing everyone else?s positive experiences i will let the numbers speak for themselves. " megan l., arlington, va 06/2017 short review "excellent ring, competitive pricing, and incredible customer service!" ben c. , huntsville, al 06/2017 the ring is beautiful! "the customer service was fantastic. they were very helpful in rushing my order so that i received it before leaving town to get married." kelly eggers, hailey, id 06/2017 my ring is so beautiful! "i am impressed with this company! i will definitely let everyone know about this website. thank you for my ring!" katie m., andalusia, al 06/2017 awesome company! "if your going to outsource for a ring, i would absolutely shop with adiamor! great service! they helped me through out the whole process. we will be doing future business together!" cameron g., new orleans, la 06/2017 everything we expected and more! "this has been an extremely positive experience! the ring itself is beautiful! we get compliments all the time. we are happy that we decided on the platinum setting and the stones are just amazing! the ring has weight and girth, which is what we wanted. the center stone is exquisite! the very best part of our experience was the level of customer service that we received! everyone that we worked with went above and beyond to meet and exceed our expectations! thank you, so much!" arnold d., naperville, il 06/2017 no regrets, no buyers remorse, simply amazing! "i just made a very large purchase. a purchase that i'm in no way at all used to making. i just spent some mega bucks here. immediately after purchasing, you get a confirmation email that details every single thing that you just did. the next day, i got a call from an adiamor representative verifying that it was me and confirming my order and going over what to expect as the weeks will go by. no confusion, no wondering what happened to your order. i finally get the ring. good lord. it's astonishing. no words can describe how this ring looks. it really was beyond my expectations. adiamor has most definitely done a great thing here. they've done right by me and i will always tell anyone and everyone who is considering proposing to the love of their life about this company. they have gained a customer for life. believe me. i've done the leg work. everyone's budget is different. buy with confidence with this company. they're absolutely amazing!" victor c., herndon, va 05/2017 beautiful! "the diamond is absolutely beautiful! i am extremely pleased! the setting is a pretty design, very simple and elegant, but much more dainty than i expected. i would have liked more substance for the price. the customer service was very good, and i really appreciated the quick response times and fast fulfillment of my special order. overall i am really happy with my adiamor experience and would definitely recommend them to friends and family!" annie d., kingston, ny 05/2017 i highly recommend! "i highly recommend working with adiamor to get a great engagement ring at steep discount to traditional jewelers. the customer service representatives were very knowledgeable and helpful every step of the way. they answered all my questions through the chat feature with virtually no wait time. i purchased the diamond/setting and received a follow up phone call confirming all the details were accurate before they started procurement and fabrication. the ring shipped within the week and my now fiancé loves it. the only thing they could improve on would be adding more photos of the diamonds, but i'll gladly pay less and trust that the gia diamond experts know what they are doing when certifying their diamonds. highly satisfied with this purchase and the entire process." michael, chicago, il 05/2017 very happy! "i returned to adiamor to purchase a wedding band to stack with another wedding band and engagement ring (also purchased from adiamor). needless to say, since i am a repeat customer, i absolutely love the ring. quality, appearance and fit were perfect! " genie n., brunswick, ga 05/2017 very happy! "the setting is gorgeous. paid a little extra for platinum and could not be happier. very shiny, lots of sparkle, and i know she will love it. do not hesitate to make the purchase!" marcus b., pittsburg, ca 05/2017 top notch customer service! "customer service was awesome! very informative group of people to deal with and helping pick a diamond. great company to do business with. would definitely order again in the future. " joseph c., lindale, tx 05/2017 this ring is perfect! "my fiance ordered this ring for me to wear everyday and another wedding band with diamonds to wear on special occasions. this ring is perfect and it looks very expensive. i could not be more happy!" theresa k., ozone park, ny 05/2017 a ring come true! "adiamor is my choice for jewelry shopping. i have shopped their website for 10 years and every experience has been great! most recently i had a diamond reset that i had purchased from adiamor several years ago. the staff was so helpful and supportive thru the process. the ring is gorgeous and more stunning than i could have ever imagined. thank you adiamor for consistently good service and quality jewelry!" robin p., lake mary, fl 05/2017 amazing ring! "living in nyc, everyone thinks you can get the best deals here. not so. after months of comparison shopping, i found the perfect ring for my now fiance that was within my budget. she could not be happier and i am beyond amazed at the customer service that we received. the photos truly do not do this ring justice. it's absolutely perfect!!" patrick t., new york, ny 05/2017 perfect! "i love it, the ring looks beautiful and perfect. i can't wait to propose to my girlfriend. thank you so much for a great job!" robert f., orlando, fl 05/2017 i am giving this a 5 star rating! "the whole experience was amazing the customer service was phenomenal. jennifer in particular took the time to hear what i wanted and help me through the process. the only thing i would recommend is ask for the broker to be specified otherwise the product gets stuck at customs. " ali m., ontario, canada 04/2017 wonderful!!! "i was very hesitant about purchasing a ring online that i wasn't able to see or try on, but jennifer with adiamor was wonderful helping me through the process. when i received it, it was more than i could have imagined. the pictures doesn't do it justice. it could not have been any more perfect! " nikki j., rogersville, tn 04/2017 awesome ring! "my fiancée loves the ring. the diamond i selected was exactly as described and the diamonds on the sides of the band look really nice. i was nervous ordering something like this over the internet but i was very impressed with adiamor. outstanding!" matthew b, sparks, nv 04/2017 simply elegant! "i absolutely love my ring! i picked my ring and diamond out and then my husband placed the order with adiamor. he spoke with carly, she was very professional and knowledgeable, this was reassuring considering we were ordering online. adiamor provides great quality and customer service, i will be ordering my wedding band soon! we both highly recommend! " eva p., spring, tx 04/2017 stunning! "my ring is just beautiful. i couldn't be happier. i would recommend adiamor for the excellent quality, workmanship and service." linda m., cold spring harbor, ny 04/2017 perfect vintage feel and elegant "the art handcrafted in the band makes the band sparkly here and there as if tiny diamonds are in them but there are no diamonds it's just sparkly on its own. i also love that the handcrafted art hides any scratches and fingerprints so i'm not afraid to wear it everyday and less polishing and cleaning needed. the thinnest of the band is comfortable and very pleasing to the eyes and makes my diamond look bigger. the diamond itself is to die for it was better than i expected when i opened the box and wore it on my finger. it is stunning and i cant keep my eyes off of it the cut is truly 100%. it's sides and edges sparkle and the blinding flashing light grabs peoples attention from afar. when i look into the diamond and i see the perfectly cut steps and eyeclean exterior and interior, i just get lost staring into it it is truly hypnotic!! love love love it!" j s., milwaukee, wi 04/2017 absolutely beautiful! "long time customer of adiamor. i continue to buy my diamonds and settings because i trust i will be getting quality. this wedding band is another example of their dedication to detail and quality. my fiancee was absolutely shocked and blown away when we got that ring, so was i. i will continue to shop at adiamor!" humberto c., austin, tx 04/2017 she loves it!!! "my fiancé scowered the internet looking for the perfect setting - this is where she found it. the ring is just as beautiful in person as it was online, and the staff was extremely helpful. when i surprised her with the ring in hawaii she couldn't have been happier! we have nothing but good things to say! " joseph s., seattle, wa 04/2017 beautiful band "this is a beautiful and classy wedding band. not intrusive or ostentatious. it is very understated, which is what my future wife wants. delivery was quick especially for a custom-made ring due to her ring size." david h., dallas, tx 04/2017 more beautiful in person! "it was perfect for the perfect girl! it is exactly as described on the site and then some! thank you adiamor!" eric g., bremerton, wa 04/2017 my wife is happy again! "adiamor is the best. great customer service and their products won't disappoint. " j n., ft. worth, tx 03/2017 ring review "i love the ring, it's beautiful and the heart diamond is different and got a lot of complements!!! the only bad thing i have to say is that the band it self is too thin other than that it's great quality!!" maria v., hamilton , nj 03/2017 beyond my expectations "i was very leery of purchasing a ring online. i even went to other sites but didn't feel comfortable. the representatives i spoke with eased my anxiety and steered me to a better quality stone, for less money than my original choice. they even gave me a military discount. the quality is excellent!! my future wife adores it!! " peter g., biloxi, ms 03/2017 great service "love the ring, they delivered what the promise. i will use them again!" kevin d., sacramento, ca 03/2017 amazing! "this ring was far better than i ever expected. my new wife cried when she saw it. thank you adiamor for the once in a lifetime experience!" chris t., oceano, ca 03/2017 simply elegant! "i love the simplicity of the setting as it really allows the center stone to get all the attention. the diamond center is of great quality and has an awesome shine. thank you adiamor!" alex m., denver, co 03/2017 in love with my ring! "i cannot be happier with adiamor! from customer service to final product. i'm simply in love with my ring!" ivana s. , new york, ny 03/2017 absolutely amazing! "adiamor went above and beyond in every aspect of this process. i designed the ring and needed it to be delivered to my house the day before my now fiance and i left for mexico so i could propose to her there on the beach. they expedited the shipping and the ring came earlier than estimated even with some bad snow we were getting. not to mention the craftsmanship of the ring was incredible. very beautiful. my fiance loves it so much she cannot keep her eyes off of it. so much better quality than a company like kays or zales where everyone shops. get your love something unique and special, shop here! they also have much better customer service, many more options to choose from, and you get more for your money. thank you adiamor we could not be happier! " caleb n., fitchburg, ma 02/2017 excellent!!! "it has been a pleasure doing business with adiamor. they offer the best service possible and their owner really cares about every single customer. they have really exceeded my expectations and i have only one thing to say about them (10/10)!!!!! " amir s., quebec, canada 02/2017 highly recommended, happy buyer!! "this is my third ring purchased from adiamor. i have a 1.4 carat oval, 1.6 round diamond, and now my 1.6 cushion diamond! i am obsessed and have never been disappointed. they have best quality and customer service available. highly recommended for first time buyers and current diamond owners. thank you for your professional help and help with my purchases! " beverly r, crestline, ca 02/2017 extremely satisfied! "the ring is everything i hoped for, and sam was of great assistance. he was always available to talk and answer my questions. the diamond is exactly what he described and the setting is gorgeous and my fiance couldn't be happier! we would highly recommend using adiamor to anyone looking for an engagement ring!" geoff b, scottsdale, az 02/2017 fantastic service & fantastic diamonds "purchased both an engagement ring and my wedding ring from adiamor and received nothing but fantastic customer service. i had an issue with the delivery service but a customer service rep was on hand to resolve the issue. clear communication and helpful guidance with regards to converting to uk sizing. diamonds are of a high quality and rings produced to a high standard. definitely, highly recommend - so much so that my brother-in-law has recently bought an engagement ring for his now fiancé. brilliant service!" hannah b, preston, uk 02/2017 fast and friendly! "literally built me a ring in a week, so i could pick it up and fly to paris to take a knee! ring was totally perfect and the service was simple, straightforward, and very kind. did exactly what they said they would! " dj d, los angeles, ca 01/2017 very pleased! "the ring was everything she wanted! she took it to her jeweler and they found it was the same as what i asked for including the gia certificate engraved in the stone. would recommend buying from this company. shipped on time and delivered as expected." dave m., bowersville, ga 01/2017 the wow factor! "my fiance absolutely loved the ring, it was stunning and breathtaking. i was very particular on finding the perfect quality diamond and spent a lot of time researching before i decided. finally, i found the right one and the ring was perfect, from the band to diamond. the overall experience was extraordinary and seamless. i will highly recommend adiamor to friends and family and will definitely purchase again in the near future. " luis c., anaheim, ca 01/2017 great prices and quality! "great prices and quality that i have not been able to find anywhere else. customer service is amazing. very professional, knowledgeable, and prompt!" janet s., fullerton, ca 01/2017 excellent service,communication, and workmanship! "bought setting with two baguette stones, and i sent my round stone in which i had bought back in 2011..they did work free of charge, excellent work matching stones with the one i send to them. color and clarity was well matched. excellent service as usual. prices higher than other places but i trusted adiamor based on previous experience. you get what you pay for." humberto c, austin, tx 01/2017 great experience! "for something that can feel so overwhelming, i felt like i was in great hands at adiamor. thanks for the expertise and guidance, i got an amazing ring!" caroline d, los angeles, ca 01/2017 simply amazing and elegant! "amazing ring in a way looks cannot be described in person! great detail, and it brings that extra added "shine" to the band! thank you adiamor for making such a special day that much better!" theodore c, woodside, ny 01/2017 exceptional experience!! "my husband was researching diamonds for a replacement ring for my original engagement ring. he found adiamor's website, and contacted them with a couple of questions. they were exceptionally pleasant and helpful, and he was very pleased with the customer service. when the diamond ring arrived, it was beyond our expectations. the diamond was stunning, and the ring was beautiful. overall, it was more than we had anticipated, and the whole experience was exceptional! my husband has recommended adiamor to several co-worker's, and i believe he is already planning his next purchase (i hope!!)." janice d, south boardman, mi 12/2016 fantastic diamond set beautifully! "absolutely beautiful ring with a fantastic diamond that really lives up our expectations. i would be easily paying double or more in a store here. shipping was great, tracked the whole way. no problems at all would happily purchase from again!" michael b, perth, au 12/2016 great customer service and fantastic quality! "i ordered a diamond ring with a slightly skeptical mind, i was not disappointed in the customer service which was excellent and answered every question. everything went really smoothly and the ring was dispatched as promised. it arrived and the quality is amazing. i would definitely recommend and use again." simon w., liverpool, uk 12/2016 beautiful engagement ring! "adiamor delivered a beautiful ring. after doing my research and looking at diamonds at a local jeweler, it seemed i could get a better diamond for my money online. i was hesitant to buy without seeing the diamond, so i called adiamor. i wish i could remember her name, but she spent significant time (no sales commission) looking at diamond gia reports and pictures and providing info on types and location of inclusions for a 1.85 ct h vs1 diamond to help me pick one from the list. with this info, i took the leap and wow! what a beautiful diamond ring! my fiance still can't believe it!!!" michael, boston, ma 12/2016 amazing service! great product! "i was a little apprehensive about ordering from a website, particularly an international one, but the staff were so attentive. calling me and emailing about updates with the ring. i was able to customize the ring to exactly what i wanted. the girlfriend (now fiancé!!!) was over the moon, and we were both amazed with the product and value for money. she can't stop looking at it!! i will definitely be recommending this website to others!! " ben t., melbourne, au 12/2016 could not have been happier with the results! "we purchased both my wedding band and engagement ring from adiamor and we could not have been happier with the results. being from australia we were naturally very wary of purchasing such a big ticket item from an overseas vendor, however adiamor made the process so easy and simple and we couldnét believe how quickly the rings turned up. we were absolutely blown away by the quality and craftsmanship of these rings and highly recommend adiamor to all friends and family. my engagement ring is absolutely divine and i could not have asked for anything more perfect." charis s., springfield lakes, australia 12/2016 men's diamond wedding band "i purchased this as a gift for my husband. we have been married 14 years and just thought he needed something different. something he wouldn't buy for himself. the ring is breath taking! it is more beautiful in person. the quality/color of the diamonds is beautiful. the price was phenomenal, and customer service very helpful and spot on with information. would not hesitate to purchase from adiamor in the future. thank you!" monique h., franklin, va 11/2016 beautiful! "jennifer was so helpful in deciding on the perfect stone for my 3 stone ring. she made sure if the stone was not eye clean and beautiful we would make another choice until it was perfect. best prices anywhere!" annette b, tyrone, ga 11/2016 simply stunning! "i purchased this ring, (in rose gold), primarily because of the accent diamonds surrounding the basket. it did not disappoint. the way the light captures the diamonds as well as the center stone- stunning. i don't know a lot about jewelry and had slight hesitations about ordering online, but adiamor was with me every step of the way. i called and chatted on the site with someone multiple times. each time, the person was reassuring and knowledgeable about my ring, (and center stone purchase). i would highly recommend anyone, local or not, to adiamor." courtney r., washington, dc 11/2016 engagement ring review "the ring took her breath away. exactly what i wanted and expected . thank you!" rolando f., new york, ny 11/2016 top-notch service! "my fiancé wanted a pear-shaped diamond and adiamor has the largest inventory on the web. i worked with jennifer, who was great at being patient with my intense line of questioning. she helped me select the perfect diamond and coached me through the purchase decision. the only hiccup was delivery. i live in canada and the package was held in customs. i had to work with a fedex broker agent to sign power of attorney to release the package. the ring arrived the following day and it blew my fiancé away. it came in a premium box with an appraisal. it would help if the appraisal mentioned the currency and not usd. jennifer followed up with me the day it was scheduled to be delivered. i highly recommend adiamor!" nando d., toronto, canada 11/2016 top notch service and timely delivery "awesome service, value, timeliness. they tell the truth unlike other companies trying to get your business." matt p., stow, oh 11/2016 amazing "i purchased the pave and princess cut channel wedding band without a second thought. they do amazing work. i previously bought the complementary pave and princess cut channel engagement ring and my fiancé still gets complements everyday no matter where she is. adiamor does fantastic work and everything came out perfect. they even made my custom wedding band which was very unique and personalized, and it came out incredible. i would highly recommend them. they are simply the best and it shows in their work. " alex p., boston, ma 11/2016 beautiful ring and excellent diamond "this was a replacement ring for my wife's engagement ring that was lost during a move. it is a beautiful ring with a gorgeous heart cut diamond. i would recommend using adiamor for all of your fine jewelry needs." benton k., wisconsin rapids, wi 11/2016 happy wife! happy life! "thanks to the team for providing such a great service and amazing quality product. truly amazed by the great service provided." fawaaz p, perth, au 11/2016 very happy "after 3 months of searching, learning and making the final decision, these guys were top shelf to deal with. one great experience and the result was a princess 1.9 solitaire with customization and the actual turn around was less than 2 days!" m. r. j., 11/2016 elegant and simple! "nice ring, really showcases the diamond. exactly what i was looking for." samwise, vancouver, bc 11/2016 breathtaking "service and selection were great. when i saw the ring i was blown away!" t. t., ravenna, oh 10/2016 perfect "the ring is beautiful and better than i expected in person! i am happy with my choice and i know she will be too! thank you for all the help team adiamor! " jordan s., norman, ok 10/2016 just beautiful "i was very hesitant to purchase any type of jewelry online but my experience with adiamor was nothing but exemplary. the customer service department was expedient in answering any questions or concerns i had which made my experience a very positive one. finally, i'm in love with my ring, it's just beautiful! thank you again." judy b., celebration, fl 10/2016 perfect! "i placed an order for a ring with jennifer. we spoke for a bit went over some diamonds and selected a perfect diamond for my taste. the process was easy and 1 week later she had it overnight too me and it was just what i was looking for and of course i popped the question and she said i will. great value for your money and great service. the ring and diamond were perfect!" brian r., lancaster, ca 10/2016 beautiful! "beautiful ring and diamond. i've never order anything like this online so i was a little worried to be honest, but it exceeded my expectations. great quality and was shipped and arrived on time!!" calvin c., mount dora, fl 10/2016 great experience "my experience was great! helpful website, helpful customer service, fast delivery and a beautiful product. i couldn't be happier with my experience. plus she said yes! thank adiamor! " alex r. , ontario, london 10/2016 gorgeous stone and setting "adiamor was a pleasure to work with, an easy and fun buying experience. i recommend to anyone looking for gorgeous, custom pieces!" annie, columbus, oh 10/2016 10/10 experience, super easy and professional! "i was really impressed by the website and how easy and painless it was to customise an engagement ring. i live in australia and of course there is always a little bit of hesitancy ordering international but adiamor was amazing. so quick, professional and great communication. the postage was the fastest international delivery i have experienced and very secure. the price was the best i had found in all my searches and even with the 10% gst importing to australia it worked out to be a great package. thank you for making this experience so enjoyable. tomorrow is the big day :-) woooohoooo" nicholas s., adelaide, au 10/2016 i'm love with the ring! "the ring is beautiful and we could not be happier. the service was top notch and i am looking towards ordering my band from adiamor soon!" jane l., philadelphia, pa 09/2016 perfect ring! "purchased ring to go with a large diamond solitaire in celebration of our 36th anniversary. it's beautiful, doesn't distract from the solitaire and adds just enough bling. i love it!" trudi b., saratoga, ca 09/2016 wow! "that is a beautiful ring, she loves it. her son says, that's a serious engagement ring! super job, thanks!" raleigh t. , houston, tx 09/2016 beautiful wedding band "adiamor has the best customer service i have ever experienced! the ring is beautiful and fits well with my engagement ring. the only reason i am giving it 4 stars is because the ring is a little smaller (thinner) than i was expecting. " stephanie b., waldorf, md 09/2016 love it! "i love my wedding band! it is gorgeous! it fits true to size. it fits nicely with my matching engagement ring. beautiful! i also received it in a very timely manner. " caitlin s., virginia beach, va 09/2016 so sparkly and perfect! "i absolutely love it! husband did a great job in upgrading my engagement ring with matching band! it is perfect and classy! i cant stop staring at it! " erika e., granada hills, ca 09/2016 fantastic experience "great website! easy to use to find exactly the ring i wanted. the purchase process was easy. the ring was beautiful, had lots of sparkle, setting wasn't too high and the price was right." kurt w., alberta, canada 09/2016 perfection! "i could not be happier with my purchase from adiamor. the staff was very helpful in picking out the perfect ring and helping me get the payment sorted out. the quality and price were amazing and of course, most importantly, she loved it! thank you so much for your help. i will be recommending you!" brett b., hartford, ct 09/2016 excellent customer service! "wonderful shopping experience! customer service was incredibly friendly and always available. very happy with my purchase! i will definitely shop again at adiamor! " julie m., miami, fl 08/2016 awesome ring "my wife is so happy!" predrag v., nantucket, ma 08/2016 excellent site! "i was very pleased with my experience shopping with adiamor. i went to kay jeweler and left disappointed thinking that i would not ever be able to afford the ring that i wanted. i was referred to adiamor by a friend who had bought a ring from this site as well. i was able to find the exact ring that i wanted and for a reasonable price. could not be happier. adiamor made the anxiety of shopping for a ring, easy!" jesse s., walworth, wi 08/2016 absolutely stunning ring! "this ring is giving great joy to my wife. the diamonds are breathtaking and the ring sparkles from across the room. i especially like the fact the that the heart shaped setting has a large v-prong at the bottom tip of the diamond. we ordered a 1 carat f/vs1/excellent and adiamor matched the pave diamonds perfectly. we really like the ring search tool. what a great way to pick out the right combination. adiamor was excellent and had our ring made and delivered right on time. who could ask for anything more!" jeff m., monument, co 08/2016 superb quality product "i was a little apprehensive ordering from adiamor sight unseen for such an expensive purchase from another country, but i did my usual online review and scam checks and adiamor checked out well. i ordered a 1.12ct pear shaped diamond with a 3/4 ct. tw. channel-set engagement setting in 14k white gold. adiamor kept me updated throughout the whole manufacturing process until it was collected by fedex. a little surprise for me was the call from the us customs, i had forgotten to account for the australian import duty that was payable. lesson now learnt. well when the ring arrived i was immensely impressed. the ring was exactly as described and beautifully made. looked stunning, the fiance was also suitably impressed. i cannot thank adiamor enough for such a quality ring which was less than 1/2 the price that we would have paid for the same item in australia." steve u., queensland, au 08/2016 outstanding! "the ring was incredible and coupled with great service." john b., indianapolis, in 08/2016 nice ring!! "the quality of ring is very good, diamonds are clear with sparkles. another great product by adiamor." hemabh m., chicago, il 08/2016 perfect "excellent setting, exactly what i was looking for and perfect fit with stone. i called to double check for the right size and prong setting. great customer service. 100% highly satisfied!" dylan w., marietta, ga 08/2016 great quality! "i was very impressed with the diamond and quality of the ring. for the price, this is the best place to go to get great quality and service. my fiance was very impressed and so was i! " jason, mn 08/2016 absolutely stunning! "i admit to being nervous at the idea of ordering something this important online. i looked at all the online options for purchasing and decided on adiamor. i was not disappointed. my ring came when expected, almost to the minute. it was so beautiful, and i was worried it was too good to be true. i will admit to bringing it to a local gemologist. that gemologist was rather amazed at the quality of the ring and aggravated when i told her what i paid as it was thousands less than she expected. the end result is a stunning ring, a high quality diamond, and fantastic customer service. i also know which wedding band i'm getting and adiamor is willing to customize it for me. i have nothing but positive to say about this company, and i'm not that easy to please! " amy e., sheboygan, wi 08/2016 beautiful ring! just like she wanted! "i bought this ring last week and i was very impressed with the quality of the setting as well as the craftsmanship. she said yes! i'm a happy guy. thank you!!" brad l., haverhill, ma 07/2016 gorgeous ring! "we originally order r2940 french cut cushion halo set with 1.08 cushion diamond for our anniversary. the ring is very beautiful but it doesn't have enough sparkles as we want. so we decided to exchange it to r2971 cushion double halo split shank diamond ring instead. the r2971 is absolutely stunning. it made my 1.08 carat looks as big as 2 carat or even bigger. the craftsmanship is impeccable!!! we are so happy with the services. thank you melissa for our perfect diamond and art for helping us with the exchange. we highly recommended adiamor to anyone!" russell b., erie, co 07/2016 brilliant service & stunning product "we had doubts about ordering online, particularly such a meaningful and valuable item. however with the reassurance of the adiamor customer service and the continual communication received, our minds were put at ease. when this product arrived it was stunning and perfect! everything we could ever had wished for! we would totally recommend them to anyone. we are sharing our experience with friends and family, and i cannot tell you how much we have saved purchasing this product from such a reputable overseas company. i must add, we have complete confidence in this company and you should too because when we ordered a diamond, they viewed it and it wasn't up to their high standards. so they recommended another that was, now that is ensuring a high level of product at all times!!" tracey s., brisbane, au 07/2016 perfect "this matching ring paired perfectly with the engagement ring! i am very happy! great quality and the diamonds are beautiful!" t. t., salem, or 07/2016 very very happy "the setting is exactly what my fiance had in mind. she absolutely loves it and so does everyone that sees it. her finger is size 5, and this ring looks spectacular on her petite hand. i ordered this ring needing it to arrive asap since i decided to propose sooner than i thought i would, and adiamor delivered!" evan p., san diego, ca 07/2016 adiamor exceeded all expectations! "my girlfriend and i struggled to find the perfect ring over many, many months, and we finally settled on this adiamor french cut basket setting with an oval diamond. i say "settled" because we still had some reservations to order online without seeing the finished product, or the oval diamond in person, etc. we spoke with jennifer on the phone and she talked us through all of our options and answered all our questions, and generally made us feel way better about our purchase. she was exceptional and really cared about our concerns. we had high expectations for this ring and it absolutely did not disappoint. the ring is absolutely stunning and my girlfriend is thrilled! so happy we took the plunge to purchase online and we will absolutely come back to adiamor for future jewelry purchases. " steven, clarksville, tn 07/2016 awesome ring! "after a long time looking for a ring in local stores i decided to buy it online. adiamor had the best prices compared to its competitors. i was a bit hesitant to buy it online, but the gia certification guaranteed a rightful diamond. when the ring arrived, it was everything that i wished for, it's beautiful! the only downside of the site is that the diamond inventory is not updated in real time, so they had to search for new diamonds with the same features that i had selected. other than that, i'm very pleased with my purchase!" oscar s., raleigh, nc 07/2016 best service and ring ever!!! "i was hesitant ordering such an important item online but the customer service was more than exceptional, and the ring looked 10 times better in person than it did in the picture. i couldn't have been happier and my girlfriend cried when she saw it. thank you so much !!" taylor p., spokane, wa 07/2016 absolutely amazing!!!! "i cannot say enough about the quality and design of this ring! it's absolutely perfect and my fiance was so surprised! world class service from the adiamor team as well! we will definitely be coming back for the wedding bands and other purchase in the future! thank you! " aaron f., knoxville, tn 07/2016 love this ring! "i was hesitant to purchase such an important item online. the staff helped me pick out a center diamond that fit all my parameters and came under budget. i would not hesitate to make another purchase from adiamor!" daniel t., orlando, fl 07/2016 great! "what can i say? i got the ring i wanted and it was delivered on time. i also saved about 40% compared to local shops!" samuel a, corbin, ky 06/2016 amazing ring and responsive customer service "i ordered the ring online and ultimately adiamor delivered which is what mattered most. the ring was as good if not better than i expected, so my fiancé was very pleased! my online recommendation to online customers, make sure to give yourself more time than mentioned on the website to get a ring." weston w, marathon, fl 06/2016 phenomenal! "i could not be more pleased with this purchase! i have been researching engagement rings for over a year and as a detailed planning mind, i analyzed every detail through many options. i only started looking at adiamor at the end of my search. the price to quality ratio outpaced all other diamond dealers that i researched. i was able to get a larger diamond of better quality for the same price as other online vendors and the final product is stunning. i would recommend adiamor to anyone looking to buy and engagement ring. this setting is beautiful and really compliments a fine center stone. i have never been so happy to spend a large sum of money. very pleased to have found adiamor!" aaron d, danville, pa 06/2016 beautiful ring exactly as ordered "ordering online was very simple and the ring came out exactly as it was pictured on the site. i had some hesitation purchasing a ring with no actual photos of the diamond. i knocked off one star because these days, getting actual photos, or aset/idealscope images of the diamonds shouldn't be that challenging. i had to keep my fingers crossed that the actual diamond matched the specs of the gia report. thank goodness it did. the staff at adiamor was great at communicating with me, and even accommodated my request for expedited service. the customer service was excellent, and the craftsmanship of the ring was evident." joe b, baltimore, md 06/2016 amazing quality- so happy! "i got the ring in the mail about a week ago and just went to get it appraised. the appraiser said that everything matched the gia report perfectly, and that it was excellent quality all around. the stones in the setting were perfectly matched to the stones in the center ring, the work done on the setting was excellent, and the stone was great. i am so happy with this purchase, it was a bit scary buying such a high-ticket item online, but i have to say i would go and do it all over again. this was an excellent experience, i highly recommend!" t.s., new york, ny 06/2016 so in love!!!! "great service and i love my ring!!!!" vanessa a, miami, fl 06/2016 great experience!!! "adiamor is top notch all the way. we are extremely pleased with our rings and were blown away by the incredible service and professionalism of the entire company. i admit i was a bit apprehensive about spending so much money on a single online purchase but the friends who recommended you put me at ease. i would not hesitate to recommend adiamor to all my friends!" ron n, houston, tx 06/2016 beautiful diamonds, great value! "we are so happy with our purchase, the customer service was amazing and my rings are gorgeous. my engagement setting appraised at $200 more than what we paid so we know we got a great deal on quality diamonds. always concerned about making these types of big purchases online but i would recommend adiamor to anyone!" meredith, tallahassee, fl 06/2016 i got more than i paid for "the diamond i got was of extremely high quality, but at an extremely inexpensive price. i can comfortably say i got more than i paid for." ursus f, indiana, pa 06/2016 perfect! "the end result was perfect! i will definitely be recommending to my friends." karen h, elkridge, md 06/2016 excellent "i would recommend adiamor, the product and customer service are superb. the ring arrived promptly and was just as described, a stunning piece! thank you!" peter g., adelaide south au 05/2016 amazing! "great service. i absolutely love my engagement ring and wedding band! i highly recommend adiamor!" hailey d., pleasanton, ca 05/2016 best experience ever "i purchased an engagement ring last month, and as you can imagine i was very nervous during the process. this is a very important life event to begin with, but with the added concern of doing business with a company from out of state. i found my conversations with art very informative. he reassured me during each step of the process, answered all my questions, and offered some suggestions in the design. when i received the ring i was floored! it was exactly as i had envisioned it in my mind. but most importantly, my fiancé loved it, and loved that i had input in the design." enrique v., san antonio, tx 05/2016 excellent choice "i am new to the whole idea of picking out rings, but this was an important time for me to learn. the ring looks amazing and the service was excellent. i would recommend! " adrian j., nassau, bahamas 05/2016 exceeded my expectations "in less than two weeks, i received the ring in the mail with diamond certification and an appraisal for $2000 more than purchase price. the ring is beautiful and exceeded my expectations. a similar ring at another store would be much more pricey. i am very satisfied at this point. i can't wait to pop the question and to see my girlfriends face when she gets this beautiful ring. " alex h., bakersfield, ca 05/2016 so much sparkle! "i was absolutely blown away by the beauty and sparkle of this ring when the box arrived! i opened it and immediately recognized the quality. the workmanship is top-notch. the pavé diamonds are set perfectly, and the center diamond is incredible! i have posted this ring on pricescope and gotten nothing but rave reviews. this is the third ring i have purchased from adiamor, and have always gotten personal and responsive service. i would not hesitate to purchase again. thanks for a wonderfully simple purchase process and for the gorgeous ring i am now wearing! " sue, 05/2016 just fabulous all around service! "we are just soooo pleased with our engagement ring and the fabulous all-round service received from adiamor. put simply, we couldn't fault either!" robert p., sydney au 05/2016 amazing experience!!! "the ring came out amazing and stunning! the website was very sophisticated and easy to use. the customer service was responsive and very helpful. the overall process was great! " andrew k., santa monica, ca 05/2016 beautiful ring "the ring came right on time as stated in a beautiful box in perfect condition. unfortunately i ordered the wrong ring, but adiamor's customer service was great! i was able to easily return the beautiful ring and order the correct one on the same call. thank you for your great service and beautiful ring. " vance d., kure beach, nc 05/2016 excellent experience "after visiting several brick and mortar jewelry stores, i found exactly what i was looking for at adiamor. i ordered on line and received 2 separate calls to confirm my order and inform me when to expect delivery. i love my ring and have received countless compliments. i would highly recommend adiamor to my friends." conni d., ennis, tx 05/2016 amazing service "i was a bit skeptical buying a diamond online, but everything went very smoothly. my girlfriend loves the ring and adiamor even provided me a better diamond for my budget price. i will definitely recommend to others!!" vitaly s., toronto, canada 04/2016 absolutely stunning "i ordered this ring with mildly low expectations, because i have never purchase such a product online before. it was delivered within 8 days and was absolutely above my expectations. she loved it! i highly recommend!" benjamen s., pa 04/2016 excellent quality stone- gorgeous ring "the people at adiamor were outstanding to deal with. they gave me exactly what i asked for and my fiancé was utterly ecstatic with her engagement ring. initially i was concerned about making a $10k purchase over the internet, but i am so pleased with adiamor. i would definitely use them the next time i am looking for an exceptional diamond. " william b., jupiter, fl 04/2016 great emerald cut diamond! "i love the professionalism and help that the staff provided for me. they helped me select the right type of emerald diamond, with the desired properties that brought my wife-to-be to tears. thanks!" seth b., rio rancho, nm 04/2016 great stuff "this company worked well with me and provided me with a quality ring. i payed less and got more compared to an in-house jeweler. online is the way to go as long as you know what your looking for. " trent r., jonesboro, ar 04/2016 wonderful experience "staff was receptive and friendly, quickly answering phone calls and emails. the ring was wonderful, just flat out amazing! great experience." alan n., washington dc 04/2016 amazing!! "after months of looking at rings at stores adiamor provided me with the best customer service, guidance and information out of anyone. we spent easily two hours on the phone going over the inventory of available rings and all the specs i was looking for. the lady was outstanding, never pressured me to buy anything simply guided me and worked with me to find the perfect ring. not once did she complain or make any suggestion to want to hang up despite my thousand questions. today i was able to propose to my now fiancé and words can't describe how amazing it was. from the shipment of the ring, the unique box it comes in, and the overall quality of the ring it is the best! thank you adiamor for making this step in my life so easy and for providing me with superb service all around!!" joel r., san ysidro, ca 04/2016 everything was perfect "from my initial call, to the delivery of the ring i was thoroughly satisfied by my experience. truly a customer-focused company. " eric s., lindenhurst, il 04/2016 10/10!!!! "thank you adiamor! i live in australia and was hesitant to spend so much money online, but from now on i will certainly continue and recommend using your online store. the process was easy, fast, and secure. highly recommended!" michael t., victoria, au 04/2016 great "great service, the ring and diamond were exactly as described and expected. no problems shipping to uk." sam w., kent, uk 04/2016 simply amazing! "my fiancé loves it, the ring is amazing!!! she is amazed at how much it sparkles and how it looks on her finger. amazing customer service, i highly recommend this company for all your jewelry needs." scott j., fayetteville, nc 03/2016 so clear i can see right through it! "it is an absolutely beautiful ring! i took it to another jewelry store, and the lady said it was so beautiful and white and that "you must have paid a fortune for it"! it was exactly what the gia certificate said!" jason h., chino hills, ca 03/2016 happy with purchase "the ring is beautiful and it is exactly as described! the customer service was excellent!" natalie s., aurora, il 03/2016 she loved it and said yes! "i am extremely satisfied with the ring, it was exactly what i ordered and it was delivered on time. thank you very much, i will be recommending you to all my friends and family!" rossi m., ny 03/2016 the nordstrom's of jewelry "art and the staff are the finest and most professional group you could hope to work with...especially since this is done online. we couldn't be more pleased." michael r., tucson, az 03/2016 well worth it! "much like you, i was skeptical about making one of the biggest purchases of my life online. however, my fiancé and i could not be more pleased. the diamond is gia certified and appraised for almost $2000 more than what i paid for. it is not a hoax at all. the customer service was fantastic, and it was shipped and delivered when promised. i couldn't be happier and would buy from adiamor again." alex e., gainesville, ga 03/2016 perfect "flawless service, perfect ring. i will shop with no other company." jacob f., lillian, al 03/2016 awesome "adiamor has the best selection of rings i have looked at! they are gorgeous and also a great price! i love the way this wedding band went with my engagement ring. i'm very satisfied and i would definitely recommend this company to anyone!" jenna s., pensacola, fl 03/2016 gorgeous "i was looking for a ring for 5 years in store and online and did my research about diamonds. i finally found the stone and the ring from adiamor. the ring is gorgeous and fabulous, i love it! adiamor has the best quality and price and excellent customer service. thank you art, jennifer and kristina you guys made my purchased so easy." adelfa t., vancouver, wa 03/2016 beautiful ring - great service "the ring was nicer than expected and arrived on the date promised. the customer service, updates, and follow ups were exceptional. " calvin s., friendswood, tx 03/2016 it is beautiful! "the service i received from adiamor was incredible. despite being thousands of miles away, they were so easy to contact through the chat tool online, and the various assistants i spoke to were so helpful. they always ensured they acted fast to make sure my ring arrived in england on time. my fiance absolutely loves the ring, and so do i. it is beautiful! thank you so much, i would definitely recommend." scott g., london uk 02/2016 great product and value "very high quality, fast and easy checkout and shipping!" luby s., providence, ri 02/2016 simply gorgeous "i am so pleased with this ring. i love the basket setting with diamonds around the center stone and the diamonds on the band are just right. i can't stop looking at it and get compliments all the time. the return and re-setting of my center diamond was a smooth process and i was so happy when i got my new ring. i just can't say enough about it!" theresa b., huntertown, in 02/2016 my second online purchase "when i purchased an engagement ring for my fiance, it was picture perfect and delivered right on time! now i purchased both wedding bands, and again right on time. we couldn't be happier with the choices! sometimes pictures can be deceiving, especially when you are spending that kind of money. we were not disappointed, i would definitely recommend." brian i., rotonda west, fl 02/2016 trustworthy and top quality! i have been researching engagement rings and round diamond stones for more than a year now. brick and mortar stores cannot compete with on line vendors since they have high overhead and other expenses to contend with. above all their quality, craftsmanship, purchase price and customer service is second to none. you can trust adiamor. shopping for a diamond can be a very stressful experience especially when you're spending several thousand dollars on a ring. the thing i like about adiamor is they don't try to sugar coat it to make a sale. they are there merely to assist you with their knowledge with absolutely no pressure which makes your shopping experience stress free and enjoyable. i highly recommend adiamor for all of your diamond and jewelry needs. i did the homework for you over the course of a year. i promise you won't find a better value for your money anywhere! fred g., long beach, ca 02/2016 thoroughly impressed "i proposed yesterday. she said yes and just loved the diamond and ring! everyone who has seen it has just loved it! adiamor put out a very nice product and i am thoroughly impressed with the engagement ring and service." mark n., ontario canada 02/2016 best place to shop for your rings! "i looked at many brick & mortar and online stores and found nothing better. adiamor has the best online store with the best prices. their website is well designed and it has many great features, making it easy to use and to find what you want. their selection of engagement/wedding rings are the largest and they have the latest and best styles. on top of that, they have great customer service, fast turnaround (for repairs, modifications, etc.), and super fast shipping. this was my third purchase experience with adiamor. my wife and i are very happy! thank you adiamor!" david d., antioch, ca 02/2016 excellent! "i am very pleased with the service and excellent delivery time. the ring is exactly how we wanted. my fiancé is in love with the ring (and with me)! i strongly recommend! i will be shopping again with adiamor!" vladut l., harrow, uk 02/2016 we are thrilled! "i was floored by the beautiful ring i purchased, and so is my new fiancé! it was exactly what i wanted and expected, she had the perfect reaction! the ease of finding what i wanted and being able to scroll through a list of diamonds within my means was a great experience. thank you so much for the expertise and help while purchasing. we are both thrilled and will definitely be referring you guys to any of our friends interested in purchasing fine jewelry." nick m., beverly, nj 02/2016 well worth the price "a gorgeous ring, excellent value and fantastic customer service! i was very nervous ordering an expensive ring online even after reading all the reviews. their customer support put my mind at ease. when i received the package it was very professional, with all the official papers in a nice envelope and the rings in beautiful boxes. the ring itself was gorgeous and well worth the price. it was a great experience!" daniel r., ottawa canada 02/2016 perfect fit!! "this ring is absolutely perfect! the diamonds sparkle and catch the light beautifully." c.b., streetsboro, oh 01/2016 amazing, i couldn't be more pleased! "first i want to state how easy and efficient the process was. i placed the order and was contacted immediately. it took a little over a week to finish, but the package was overnighted. overall my fiancé loves the ring, thanks adiamor!" david k., westbury, ny 01/2016 so beautiful! "it came in about 2 weeks and is gorgeous, stunning, and perfect! you canét beat the price anywhere else!" jill n., houston, tx 01/2016 amazing and beautiful engagement ring "i couldn't have asked for a quicker and more professional service. the diamond and the ring are beautiful! i proposed to my girlfriend in paris, and both her family and my family were extremely impressed with the ring. thank you for making the most important question of my life run smoothly." tom s., kingsbridge, gb 01/2016 excellent once again! "this is the second diamond ring i have purchased from adiamor. i was a hesitant to purchase overseas, but not from this company. the workmanship and quality is excellent, shipping is no worries as the company walks you through the whole process. all this for a better price than i can buy in australia even with shipping, import and gst included." carl s., urangan au 01/2016 exceeded my expectations! "the ring is amazing! i love how i saved so much money and received outstanding quality." alejandra l., los angeles, ca 01/2016 great service! "i bought a diamond and engagement setting after searching in stores and online. the process went very smoothly. i received the engagement ring promptly, and it was all that i expected and more! i will use adiamor in the future and recommend them to all my friends and family." kevin s., lawtley, fl 01/2016 excellent service, quality, and value! "i spent a couple hours on the phone with one of their representatives, who made me feel very comfortable making a significant purchase online. when i received the ring, it looked even better than the pictures - bigger, brighter, and more beautiful than i expected. my fiancé loves it!" dan, san diego, ca 01/2016 the ring is beautiful! "the process for ordering the ring went well. we received the ring prior to the estimated delivery date, which was awesome." patrick b., blue ridge summit, pa 01/2016 the ring is absolutely gorgeous! "they were so helpful in finding the perfect setting and diamond! it turned out exactly how we wanted it! we will be back for our wedding bands! thanks so much, highly recommended!" john n., oklahoma city, ok 01/2016 beautiful ring! "i love my ring!!! it's beautiful and high quality. the customer service was great, very helpful and pleasant. i'm very satisfied, if you're looking for engagement ring this is the perfect place. i highly recommend them. thank you adiamor!" beata, brooklyn, ny 12/2015 great results! "my fiancé and i both love it! i certainly recommend this company and enjoyed mixing the "three c's" myself using the search and select online process. well done adiamor, thanks!" rex n., santee, sc 12/2015 could not be happier "it is honestly more perfect than we could have ever imagined. we look forward to selecting our wedding rings with adiamor also!" k.d., naracoorte, au 12/2015 wonderful choice "when i saw it in person, i knew it was perfect for my girlfriend. it calmed my nerves knowing it had less of a chance getting lost in transit with the overnight shipping. thank you for the ring and quick shipping!" joshua s., greenfield, wi 12/2015 thanks for great service! "i found the diamond and ring that i wanted, and the adiamor staff was quick to respond. it was the 30 day refund policy that gave me the assurance. " will w., temple city, ca 12/2015 perfect! "it is so much better in person than in the pictures. service was friendly and easy, i would recommend them to anyone." john, louisville, ky 12/2015 happy customer "i'm very happy with the service offered. adiamor expedited the ring to ensure it arrived for my wife's birthday. the ring was fabulous and she loved it. i would highly recommend adiamor for diamond rings. also i found it cheaper than james allen for the same ring setting and quality." s.r., birmingham, uk 12/2015 adiamor has a new lifetime customer! "wow, from selection to delivery adiamor was wonderful. they met the price range and delivery and i was able to surprise my wife with her new anniversary ring. she was very surprised and loves it. i highly recommend adiamor, as they earned my trust and i wouldn't buy a diamond elsewhere!" steve a., rockwall, tx 12/2015 tremendous "when i got the ring and saw how beautiful it was, i was in awe. my wife absolutely loved it, and i scored major points with her. thanks adiamor! your service was impeccable." herbert v., beverly hills, fl 12/2015 wonderful ring, exactly what i was looking for! "this is a beautiful ring that looks exactly how it does in the pictures. the buying experience was easy and conflict free. i would recommend adiamor for an engagement ring to anyone." joseph w., chicago, il 12/2015 modified version and exactly what i wanted! "i worked with adiamor on a modified version of r3050. making the modification was easy and the price for a custom ring was extremely reasonable. the final product blew my expectations out of the water! this design was a perfect balance between band width and pave stone size. absolutely beautiful and very satisfied!" john, baltimore, md 11/2015 finally found the right ring! "i spent about 3 months going to every local jewelry store i could find. custom fitting a piece seemed to be a budget breaker, finally i found adiamor online. i found the perfect center stone that fit inside my budget. the pictures on this site don't do justice to the real thing, i was floored when i received it! absolutely love this ring and this company. i had the ring appraised locally when i received it and it is valued far higher than what i paid for it!" zach, arlington, va 11/2015 performance rating "i am fully satisfied with the service and the workmanship of adiamor. the product turned out very well as per my expectations!" thidar m., arcadia, ca 11/2015 exquisite! the ring is just beautiful! "quality workmanship! the entire process was seamless and went as advertised, from designing to delivery. the availability of diamonds to choose from was endless. you can definitely find the right one! i would definitely recommend adiamor to anyone looking for that perfect ring!" donna m., new york, ny 11/2015 amazing service and ring! "i do not often give reviews, but i decided to write one for this ring because i know how important the decision is when buying a ring. they expedited the ring and overnighted it to hawaii so that i could propose to my girlfriend while we were on vacation. " john s., phoenix, az 11/2015 great diamond at a great price! "thank you for a simple and high quality experience. she loves it very much!" an m., 11/2015 great support and extremely wonderful jewelry! "this was my first time buying from adiamor and was very pleased with level of follow-up and extremely pleased with the quality of the ring i purchased. i would definitely buy again and would highly recommend to others." philip l., plano, tx 11/2015 stunning!!! "this ring is absolutely amazing. my fiancé can't stop looking at it and the pictures do not do it justice. glad i chose this one, very impressed!" bradie, chicago, il 11/2015 beautiful ring, she loved it! "i was very pleased with the engagement ring i selected from adiamor. it was exactly as i had imagined it would be. when i got down on one knee and proposed she was overjoyed and totally surprised. she said yes by the way! i plan on shopping with adiamor in the future for fine jewelry. thank you!" albert h., norwalk, ct 11/2015 better than expected "i custom ordered this setting without the milgrain and pave stones. it's exactly what i wanted. the quality is great and the center stone mounting is solid! i did order a different ring initially that i returned it without any issues. i worked with jennifer and she helped me design my perfect ring." l.d., tampa, fl 11/2015 exquisite engagement ring! "we were skeptical about ordering an engagement ring online. i say to anyone who is considering such a purchase and is hesitant, please don't be. the customer service is wonderful and their selection and prices are even better!" c.h.,, encino, ca 10/2015 never been happier "the ring is superb and the customer service was the best part! they made sure i would get the ring by the time i wanted it, and provided great assistance in getting the perfect diamond!" clay b., college station, tx 10/2015 engagement ring "love this site! they made something so scary, very simple and easy. the shipping was fast, terrific experience!!!" brian y., union, nj 10/2015 very pretty "prompt service and a beautiful wedding band to match the engagement ring i previously bought. they have great customer service, i have no regrets." brian w., atlantic city, nj 10/2015 petite milgrain and pave wedding band "wife and i are very pleased with the quality and value of this ring. the service we received from the people at adiamor was excellent! i would recommend adiamor to everyone!" bob g.,, marion, ia 10/2015 great service and product! "the customer service was phenomenal in helping me understand process options and timing. they were able to find my original orders to make sure my rings matched. i couldn't be more pleased!" scott r., tewksbury, ma 10/2015 engagement ring "the quality and value compares to nothing in the uk. the ring was simply stunning!!" keith d., manchester, uk 10/2015 very happy!! "i was blown away from beginning to end by the customer service. then the product came, it was amazing. when i proposed with this ring, she was so impressed by it!" patrick f., stuart, fl 10/2015 amazing!!! "the ring is perfect!! my girlfriend is obsessed with it and it is better than i could have imagined! art was a great help throughout the process. i would use adiamor again in a heartbeat!" romeo m., massapequa park, ny 10/2015 engagement ring as promised! "all i can say is that adiamor has it right! the staff members are extremely knowledgeable and courteous. everything that was promised was delivered! best part, my fiancé absolutely loved the ring! thanks for everything and we'll see you again when we buy the bands!" mike l., upstate, ny 09/2015 outstanding quality! "after initial reluctance to buy online, i bit the bullet and have never regretted it! the ring is outstanding and i absolutely love it! don't hesitate...quality, service, and delivery are first rate!" diane g., crystal river, fl 09/2015 beautiful setting "after my cushion cut stone fell out of a simple 4 prong setting i spoke with someone at adiamor about getting a more secure setting. i was not intending to get one with the pave diamonds, but i'm so glad that i did! the details are gorgeous and really accentuate my beautiful center stone. i feel that it's very secure here and i have had a ton of compliments!" mimi r., washington, dc 09/2015 very nice "i ordered this setting along with an oval cut center. customer service was great and ring was shipped within 2 weeks. it arrived as described, great quality." garrett b.,, ca 09/2015 beautiful ring and great service! "the ring is gorgeous. they did an amazing job, and the ring far surpassed my expectations. i was nervous about ordering a ring online, but i called and they assured me it would be totally safe and secure. everything they told me was true. i got my ring safe and sound, and she's going to love it!" joe g., east wenatchee, wa 09/2015 brilliant service! "gorgeous ring! so happy with it, it is exactly what i expected if not better! so beautiful and very well made. i am very satisfied!" leah p., tincurrin, wa 09/2015 great experience! "adiamor was able to expedite the ring for me in order to have it ready for me within a short timeframe. great service and beautiful ring!" derek m., phoenix, az 09/2015 happy customer "the ring is absolutely stunning! i am very pleased with the ongoing support from the team at adiamor." george d., canberra, australia 09/2015 excellent purchase! "the customer service rep, jennifer, was extremely helpful with finding the right stone for this setting. the ring is perfect!" dante w., kelowna, canada 09/2015 dainty solitaire "i am so pleased with my ring setting. it is so beautiful and i could not be happier!" nora b., cincinnati, oh 09/2015 beautiful ring amazing price!!! "thank you for allowing me the opportunity to purchase a beautiful ring. i wouldn't have been able to afford if it weren't for you. i plan to propose in october and i hope she feels the same way i do about this ring :)" , 08/2015 feedback "i love this ring. i had some suspicions as to whether or not the real thing would look as good as the picture, but it exceeded my expectations. i am very pleased!" andrew, smithland, ky 08/2015 perfect ring "very happy with the ring! perfect stone and great quality, it is much more than what i expected! i definitely will buy from them again." norma, brownsville, tx 08/2015 absolute perfection! "i have been ordering diamond jewelry from this company for 12 yrs. the quality and workmanship of the jewelry is amazing! this is no cookie-cutter company. the customer service is incredible, and i have continued to purchase jewelry because i demand only the best! if you are looking for stunning, high quality jewelry, stop your search. i highly recommend you order from adiamor!" janice t., madison, wi 08/2015 fabulous ring! "totally happy! it was exactly what i wanted and thousands less than what i could have gotten locally. i priced around and ended up with a nicer diamond because i went with adiamor. we saved thousands by buying online and when it came it was exactly what we wanted, wow what a sparkler!" joyce i., altoona, ia 08/2015 a seamless and honest transaction "excellent communication, the ring was exactly as advertised. the delivery to canada was overnight and truly a perfect transaction. this place is highly recommended." chris j., langley, bc canada 08/2015 i absolutely love this ring! "i love this ring, the set is just beautiful. i have the matching engagement setting as well with a 1 carat radiant cut diamond. the band is absolutely perfect with it and i love how dainty it looks on my finger. it is unique and i would definitely purchase again." allison w., denver, co 08/2015 diamond engagement ring "i gave the ring to my wife last night to celebrate our 60th wedding anniversary, and to replace a lost ring from 40 years ago. she cannot get over how gorgeous it is, including the beautiful box used for presentation. i recommend adiamor without reservation." dan l., branson, mo 08/2015 brilliant! "this ring was totally worth every penny. the folks at adiamor are 100% professional and awesome!" william o., bradenton, fl 08/2015 french cut basket setting "this setting is gorgeous with my round cut diamond. the stone is accented by the dainty diamonds. great service and fabulous product! now i want the band as well!" carolyn g., lexington, ky 08/2015 very happy "i am from outside the usa, but found buying from adiamor very easy. everything went very smoothly. the ring arrived in my country two days after it was shipped from the usa, and i received exactly what i ordered. i highly recommend adiamor, overseas buyers can purchase with confidence." a, new zealand 07/2015 engagement ring "my ring was beautiful and much more than i expected!" karen f., palm coast, fl 07/2015 absolutely breathtaking!! "everyday my fiancé tells me how beautiful the ring is and will randomly just say it's gorgeous! i am beyond happy with my ring choice since she tells me how happy she is all the time. art was very easy to work with and helped throughout the entire process. the local jeweler we went to couldn't stop raving about how beautiful and unique it was when we picked it up after having it resized. we are very happy with our experience!" jeff f., sterling, va 07/2015 feedback "carly my sales rep, was very helpful in getting my order just right!" phillip c., arvada, co 07/2015 perfection! "it is a beautiful ring, i cannot wait to give it to her!" kevin c., butler, pa 07/2015 great experience "ring is very good, but the customer service was even better! i was worried to buy a diamond ring online, but everything turned out very well. thank you!" peter s., slovakia 07/2015 engagement ring "absolutely perfect! the woman on the phone spent two hours helping me, and when i got it i was thrilled! i would recommend your company to anyone over any other competitors." travis g., manchester, nh 07/2015 great service, absolutely beautiful ring. "the ring i received was stunning and my fiancé loves it! art and jade were amazing throughout the whole process. both paid very close attention to my needs and desires and catered to it. i couldn't be happier with my decision and have openly recommended adiamor to everyone. thank you again for making this special event perfect!" amar s., richmond, va 07/2015 engagement ring purchase r3015 "recently purchased a ring from adiamor, the transaction was so easy, i thought i had done something wrong! will definitely be buying my wedding bands and recommending them to everyone that i hear needs a ring." david v, perth, austrailia 06/2015 my perfect engagement ring "thank you adiamor for helping my loving fiancée pick the perfect engagement ring. this ring totally represents the idea of what a flawless ring should be. it still sparkles without lighting and is quite a head-turner. i love this ring and i still can't believe i'm wearing it." renessa c, richmond hill, ny 06/2015 awesome ring "wife absolutely loved this ring. she is receiving raving comments from all her friends and co-workers. she said her boss nearly fell out of his chair. a very elegant ring!" john k, vacaville, ca 06/2015 engagement ring "i had looked at other web sites to design my own engagement ring, but none offered the value adiamor could. the ring exceeded my expectations when it arrived,i highly recommend adiamor!" dan m, new south, austrailia 06/2015 engagement ring r2972 "my engagement and my ring were way more than i ever imagined!! i've received tons of compliments, and my ring has pretty much become the center of every conversation. i'm absolutely in love with my timeless piece! thank you adiamor for guiding the love in my life in finding everything i wanted!!" melissa w, miami, fl 06/2015 "it took about a week before it was shipped, but once it was sent it arrived the following day. the customer service rep who called the following day was amazing. it?s a very nice touch!" shauna l, north port, fl 06/2015 "i've received tons of compliments, and my ring has pretty much become the center of every conversation. i'm absolutely in love with my timeless piece! thank you adiamor for guiding the love in my life in finding everything i wanted!!" melissa w, miami, fl 06/2015 great service "my fiancé bought my engagement ring from adiamor 12 months ago, and we just purchased the matching wedding band. each time we dealt with adiamor we got fantastic service. i needed some specific changes made, and the staff i dealt with was so helpful and patient! i would highly recommend adiamor. i adore my engagement ring and can't wait to add the wedding band in 3 weeks!" kerrie g., 06/2015 absolutely fantastic!! "fantastic diamond, fantastic band, fantastic customer service, fantastic everything!! well done adiamor who got the ring made and shipped to meet a tight deadline without incident! i cannot praise you guys enough. thank you!" roy l, london, uk 06/2015 engagement ring "very very well loved by my girlfriend!!! she sure was surprised. all of her friends noticed the ring from our facebook postings while on our vacation. we had the ring appraised by a certified gemologist appraiser. the cga has 35 years of experience and was awe struck by how well the 4 c's looked in our special designed setting. the appraisal was well over the price paid. this was a great wholesale find on the internet. all sales staff were easy to speak to on anything you needed to ask." brian m, hobart, in 06/2015 skeptical no more! "let me start out by saying that spending thousands of dollars online without personally handling the product is not me. i was extremely hesitant, probably researched online retailers for close to a year. i finally came across adiamor and asked them every question i could think of, some necessary, some not. never once was i rushed or felt like i was wasting their time. the reason i choose an online jeweler was the fact there is no store front, no advertising, no pushy "sales people" to deal with. i am very happy with both the service and the ring." brent w, bay city , mi 06/2015 engagement ring "my engagement ring that i purchased was completely amazing, came super-fast, and my fiancée loved it! she has still been thanking me and i am happy that i went with adiamor. thank you so much!" jason m, san antonio, tx 06/2015 french cut halo with princess 1.24ct diamond "she absolutely loves it. the diamond and setting are stunning. i am very satisfied with the quality and of course the price. " t. n., houston, tx 04/2015 engagement ring was beautiful "what a great retailer! everything from help with design and ordering to the finished product were fantastic. quality of the ring is top notch. thanks for all the help" bryan c., fort worth, tx 04/2015 french pave r3034 and r3035 "awesome!! beautiful!! gorgeous!! so many compliments. do not hesitate to purchase from adiamor - the diamonds are great quality." kimberly s., tifton, ga 04/2015 simple, beautiful ring "i purchased this french cut cushion halo setting with a 1.35ct, g, vs1, affinity/ideal round center diamond. it is awesome. i like this setting a lot more than similar cushion halo settings offered at higher prices from other vendors. for what it's worth i had the ring independently appraised by one of the country's most strict, precise gem experts and they valued it at 30% higher than what i paid." brendan s., boston, ma 04/2015 stunning "i love this ring. i have been eyeing it for a long time and finally decided it was time." d.p., boston, ma 04/2015 perfect! "i purchased this setting to mount a 1.38 ct. family diamond cut in the late 1800's. i chose the setting because it reminded me of the breast cancer ribbon. i lost my mother to brest cancer and my fiance lost her father to cancer as well. i had adiamor customize the setting with one pink sapphire for my mom and one blue sapphire for her father - the angels who brought us together. adiamor built the prongs and they were perfect! the diamond droped right in and set as if it has always been on the ring. she was stunned and amazed and incredibly happy! in a word it was perfect!" tj t., salem, or 04/2015 french cut radiant halo setting "i drove to adiamor from san diego to view their french cut halo setting in person. it was pretty stunning, however i had a 2ct radiant loose diamond which was not the right shape to fit into this setting. i knew my gf heart was set on this...the team at adiamor was awesome!!!! they went out of their way to make my radiant diamond fit perfectly into this setting, my girlfriend was floored when she saw the finished product...literally floored lol. i was amazed when i saw the ring myself...they really took care of my diamond and cleaned it perfectly. i definitely recommend them they are a great company and have great diamonds for great prices! thanks adiamor!" david a., san diego, ca 04/2015 great ring "couldn't be happier." ian t., youngsville, la 04/2015 customer service "the diamond selection is great but jennifer is the reason why we bought our diamond and ring from adiamor. she made the entire process fun and exciting." daniel l., beverly hills, ca 04/2015 engagement ring "i recently purchased an engagement ring through jade. we got engaged last weekend and i could not be happier with the ring and whole experience from adiamor! " ryan a., rochert, mn 03/2015 feedback "we loved the ring. it was well worth the wait. i will recommend friends to come to adiamor and i will come back to get future gifts. thank you" oluwafisayo a., boston, ma 03/2015 french cut halo ring "this was a fantastic buy! i was worried at first about buy a ring online where i had not seen the diamond or setting in person, but art and jennifer were great. very pleased with my purchase! thanks guys!" roberto o., kingwood, tx 03/2015 feedback "i am overjoyed with how beautiful my marquise ring looks. i have been recommending adiamor to every per on i show my ring off to. many many thanks." maria s., sydney, new south wales 03/2015 thank you "what an amazing ring setting. it is a piece of art. everyone is googles over it. the workmanship is beautiful. i will be very proud to present this to my fiance to be. thank you so much." robert r., colorado springs, co 03/2015 very happy! "my ring arrived and surpassed my expectations. the quality of the diamond is more than i could have hoped for and the polished wood box it came in was an unexpected bonus. for a strictly online experience i don't think things could have gone better and to top it off, my now fiancé absolutely loves the ring. thanks adiamor!" david k.,, fairfax, va 03/2015 engagement ring purchase "couldn't ask for an easier transaction. saved a bundle over retail and got exactly what we wanted." glenn f., addison, tx 03/2015 three rings "i want to thank you for doing a great and trimly order i love the work you guys do and the price was the best i found. and i have custom rings thanks dan t." dan t., brandon, fl 03/2015 engagement ring review "the service was absolutely incredible. they helped me find the perfect diamond for the perfect ring whenever the diamond i selected wouldn't have been a good match. i'm thankful for art the customer service person woman who helped me." zachary s., saint albans, wv 03/2015 very good experience with adiamor "purchases two diamond rings. all are 2 ct. they are great quality. i will introduce more people to buy from adiamor." jim c., new york, ny 03/2015 "the process for designing, searching for the right diamond and ordering was flawless!! i look forward to more purchases!!!" ethan t., kamuela, hi 03/2015 blown away "as with anything i was worried about ordering something as special as my future wife's engagement ring online. i was very nervous if it would be as spectacular as i was hoping. when it arrived i was completely floored! this ring was absolutely stunning! i had the most amazing service with adiamor. i will definitely recommend them to anyone looking for the perfect ring and their prices beat anything i could find. thank you for making the perfect day even better!" allen w., belfast, me 03/2015 beautiful rings "my fiance and i chose an engagement & wedding ring from adiamor. which were both absolutely beautiful. great customer service too. also, when we got a valuation at mappin & webb in london the ring was worth triple what we paid for it." laura, london, england 03/2015 too beautiful for words! "this setting is stellar. i ordered it for my (now) fiance and she couldn't be happier. it was crafted perfectly to fit around my diamond so there is no gap. she gets compliments on its beauty everywhere we go. if you are thinking about getting the double halo, go for it! you won't be disappointed!" erin m., boston, ma 03/2015 this double-halo is a stunner for sure! "this ring is an absolute stunner. i get compliments on it constantly. most settings in this price range just simply don't compare in carat weight, quality and 'wow' factor!" farhan a., hamilton, va 03/2015 "it's been a good while since i've received my ring, but i finally found the perfect opportunity to pop the big question and wanted to share a few images with you. my fiancee absolutely loves her ring and can't stop telling me about all the compliments she gets on her diamond. thank you so much for all of your help in making the perfect selection!" nabeel s., ft. washington, md 03/2015 platinum 1.5mm wedding band "adiamor has done a great job with the platinum wedding bands for my fiancee. true to size and no deformities i recommend this band for anyone looking for an amazing cost on thin platinum bands. i had some issues with the size which i believe if the fault of the jewelers who previous measured my fiancee's finger and adiamor re-sized the bands free of charge (only having to pay for shipping to and from adiamor).great purchase all around!" dennis f. ii, ann arbor, mi 02/2015 amazing "thank you for your assistance in obtaining this wonderful ring. my fiance was in love when she saw it. great customer service and thank you for expediting the ring!" roger l., panama city, fl 02/2015 engagement ring "excellent experience with adiamor!!! definitely would use them again!! ring is gorgeous!! totally blew us away!" robert k., denville, nj 02/2015 beautiful pairing with round diamond setting "the band width is very dainty and pairs beautifully with a pave band solitaire ring. love it!" melissa k., la jolla, ca 02/2015 triple row pave diamond ring "the ring was beautiful and well made. your service was excellent. we are very well pleased. my wife is very happy with it." robert p., hamburg, pa 02/2015 platinum 1.5mm wedding band "overall the quality of the wedding bands was very nice. my fiancee was very happy with this find for her. the bands seem to run a little on the larger size which i now have to send back to be resized (my fiancee verified her finger size at 6 or 7 different jewelers before i made this purchase and all of the jewelers measured her finger as a 5.5). however, adiamor is willing to re-size her bands for free but you have to pay the shipping costs for the returns. that cost still does not compare to other quotes i received to produced two stackable bands for her, so overall i am happy and cannot complain." dennis f., mi 02/2015 20 year anniversary ring "my husband and i purchased this ring in 14k yellow gold with a 1.50 emerald cut diamond. the ring is stunning! diamond consultants kristina and sam were most helpful in our decision. this was our first online diamond purchase, but it won't be our last. adiamor is fantastic. we'll be back!" jana s., sparta, mo 02/2015 ring "beautiful ring, very helpful staff" f. rice, ny 02/2015 simple, yet stunning! "i purchased this ring with a beautiful .50 carat diamond and was very pleased with the results. i love the idea of the 4x2 prongs for securing the diamond. additionally, they accent the diamond very well. if you are looking for a solitaire setting, this ring is a good choice. it's simple, elegant, and secure." patrick m., indianapolis, in 02/2015 engagement ring "the service was great and responsive. this would have been five star rating but the first ring was put on the wrong setting. which i then had to return and get it reset with the correct setting. the process of sending back and resetting the ring was very easy. i would highly recommend and use adiamor for any diamond and jewelry needs." phuong h., albuquerque, nm 02/2015 5 star review for ring purchase "the diamond and ruby ring i purchased from adiamor is beautiful, and the entire experience was first rate. i couldn't have asked for better service or communication from choosing the diamond, to the delivery experience. i will highly recommend adiamor to anyone buying quality jewelry." sue r., middleton, ma 02/2015 gorgeous ring "the french cut style is stunning, it looks like a solid row of diamonds - i purchased all three metals and stack them for a wow factor!" julie b., san diego, ca 02/2015 nice "nice ring. very thin band. rose gold is beautiful color and good quality." amber, wenatchee, wa 02/2015 "today i received, exactly on time, the engagement ring i recently purchased from your company. to my surprise, the ring surpassed all my expectations, and then some." matthew s., chambersburg, pa 01/2015 "would just like to thank you and all your colleagues for the help you gave me during this process. ring looked amazing and my now fiancee loves it also." kevin v., orpington, united kingdom 01/2015 amazing service - great price "adiamor provided a service, and a gorgeous ring! she loved it! thanks!!!!" joe a., point pleasant beach, nj 01/2015 engagement ring "ring arrived as scheduled and was beautiful" virginia k., kansas city, mo 01/2015 lots of fire and shine! "this ring will impress anyone. incredible fire in the diamonds. great craftsmanship. my fiancee was floored!" matt p., los angeles, ca 01/2015 awesome ring! "adiamor is a great website with great deals and staff! they helped me out through the purchase...definitely recommend." pat m., newark, de 01/2015 amazing experience! "the service and quality for money is outstanding. i can't say enough about the transparent pricing, the friendly cheerful service and the extra steps taken to ensure we got what we wanted. if you're looking to buy, buy here." melissa d., sydney, australia 01/2015 pave-set matching bands "perfect complement to the engagement setting. stunning together. customer rep. was awesome!!!!" vince t., new york, ny 01/2015 very nice "she loved it! :)" anton v., los angeles, ca 01/2015 really happy with the result. "i am happy how the ring turned out. hope my fiancee to be likes it. ring came on time as promised. i would recommend highly." justin g., santa rosa, ca 01/2015 engagement ring review "i bought an engagement ring for my girlfriend about two months ago from adiamor and was very impressed with what i got. the website was very functional and easy to use. when i found the ring i wanted, it only took a week and a half before it arrived at my doorstep. when i got the ring in the mail, i noticed that the band had a small chip on it. when i called to see if i could get it fixed, they allowed me to fedex overnight the ring back to them to see what was wrong! within three days, i had the ring back to me and it was flawless. overall, i was very impressed with the service. my fiancé loves the ring and we couldn't be happier. thanks for such a seamless process!" michael i., fort worth, tx 01/2015 overall experience was amazing! "first time shopper with adiamor. overall experience was amazing! customer service with all your representatives is 2nd to none. appreciate all the effort your team put forth!" michael e., chambersburg, pa 01/2015 engagement ring "great price. great value. very professional. i am very happy with my purchase!" nate f., lynchburg, va 01/2015 blown away!! "i ordered a 14k white gold 4prong setting and i'm absolutely pleased. i received it very quickly and the correspondence was painless. i highly recommend. a !" corey w., atlanta, ga 01/2015 a quality ring and company "i have to start by saying that i started my search for an engagement ring with my son, nathaniel, with great skepticism. i was concerned about making such an important purchase without seeing the ring firsthand through a company of which i had little knowledge. however, right from the beginning, adiamor's salespeople were so knowledgeable, so professional, and so patient with me that i was put at ease. after about three selections, they helped me find the best diamond possible in our price range. when we received the final product we were delighted with the wonderful quality of the diamond and setting. the ring came in a package that went beyond our expectations too. thank you adiamor and thank you khristina, you do your company a great service." mark f., prospect, me 01/2015 this ring is absolutely gorgeous! "my fiance and i got it with a .82 center stone and it looks huge on my finger! the pave diamonds are a lot tinier than i expected, but they complement the center stone beautifully! the halo really adds a lot to this ring! i have received tons of complements so far!" amanda, tx 01/2015 absolutely beautiful! "this ring is gorgeous! it looks like a row of diamonds and sparkles like nothing i've ever seen. i would highly recommend and i loved it so much i bought a second one in white gold." julie b., san diego, ca 01/2015 recommended "professional, friendly, on-time service. matched or beat prices of other sites." brian h., bermuda dunes, ca 01/2015 great job adiamor! "i was extremely happy with my purchase, which arrived on time and even more beautiful than we had hoped. i will continue to buy from the best (which you guys clearly are!)." edmund w., baltimore, md 01/2015 thank you so much for all your help! "she said yes and was so incredibly happy with the ring and so was i, the quality was everything expected and better!" james b, houston, tx 01/2015 perfect "adiamor has been so helpful. i ordered this ring in 5mm instead of 7.5 for my fiance. he is going to love it. i also ordered the matching women's band for myself. i am so excited for him to see these rings. thank you adiamor. i will never purchase from another company." kaitlan b., oakley, ut 12/2014 beautiful ring "the ring that i purchased from adiamor is perfect in every way. it looks even better in person than it does on the website. i couldn't have asked for anything more." michael b., louisville, ky 12/2014 amazing ring and service "the ring was amazing! she loved it and everyone else did too. the service department, helped me the whole way through and put everything together perfectly. thank you!" sean h., enfield, ct 12/2014 perfect! "my now fiancee was so thrilled with the ring she can't stop staring at it! the customer service was awesome and the ring was perfect in person, thank you for making my purchase so easy!" christophe c., montreal, canada 12/2014 men's ring "the men's ring was beautiful and fit my finger perfectly. as usual, you guys did an outstanding job." mazin a., leawood, ks 12/2014 ring is fantastic!!! "when the ring arrived, it was exactly what i expected and came with all certificates and appraisals for insurance purposes. the rose gold is absolutely stunning and really accents the vibrancy of the diamonds." galen w., atascosita, tx 12/2014 cocktail ring "this ring is absolutely beautiful. thank you!" michele i., thunder bay, canada 12/2014 we like adiamor "their service has been great and each of the items we've ordered have been excellent." amanuel m., blaine, mn 12/2014 wedding ring set "these are gorgeous and the customer service was first rate!" debra r., crescent city, il 12/2014 my amazing engagement ring "we both can't recommend adiamor as anything less that being the best decision you will ever make." michael m., port lincoln, south australia 12/2014 diamond eternity band "i have already recommended and will continue to recommend adiamor for their amazing service and quality. thank you so much!" doreen h., bridgeport, mi 12/2014 i can't say enough about adiamor! "they go above and beyond to satisfy customers." brian s., palm bay, fl 12/2014 gorgeous ring! "the ring was perfect! even her friends said it was exactly what she wanted! thank you sooo much! bob and lynn" robert h., angola, in 11/2014 happy customer "wife loves ring, customer service was excellent." chad d., carmichaels, pa 11/2014 awesome piece of jewelry "awesome piece of jewelry, better than expected, thanks a lot adiamor, ship on time and great value! i'll buy again" orlando b., miami, fl 11/2014 awesome experience with adiamor "i did a thorough search online companies who make engagement rings (i was considering price, variety of options and quality) and i decided to go with adiamor. everything was excellent including the customer support." dmitriy c., tucson, az 11/2014 what a gorgeous ring!! "this ring more than exceeds my expectations! as soon as i opened the box i couldn't believe how beautiful the setting and the center diamond is. i can't stop looking at it and will never want another one because this one is perfect and the service from you guys is the best. thank you adiamor! i will definitely tell my friends!" dee, montgomery, tx 11/2014 delighted with our purchase! "my fiancé and i picked out our ring setting together. we could not be more pleased with the drop dead beautiful ring. everyone we spoke to at adaimor, was so nice and so helpful. we would not hesitate to recommend this company. thank you for everything!" jane p., orlando, fl 11/2014 engagement & wedding band purchase "i bought my engagement ring and wedding band from adiamor over the internet and i could not be happier. the service was incredible and the quality was superior. my fiancé gets compliments on her engagement ring everywhere we go and she was blown away with it as well." daryl w., christiansburg, va 11/2014 service to australia "we were a little nervous ordering a ring online and from overseas but we could not be happier that we did. i can not believe how quickly we received the ring after ordering it. the whole process was quite simple and stress free. the lady who helped us was wonderful and i would have no complaints." kirsten r., diamond creek, vic 11/2014 my beautiful ring! "i was very apprehensive about making a jewelry purchase over the internet. but jennifer went above and beyond to help me put a ring together and it is amazing!! i couldn't be happier with it or the service i received with adiamor." myrna, mo 11/2014 great product, great customer service "i couldn't ask for a better product, and adiamor's customer service was great in helping me to pick out the diamond and ensure that it got to me in a timely and organized fashion. could not be more pleased." daniel b., south windsor, ct 11/2014 fantastic 5 star ring and service "the ring arrived yesterday and is quite spectacular. the setting far better than the impression left from the web site and offsets the diamond perfectly." richard h., laramie, wy 11/2014 "i really love my wedding band from your company. i got the white gold with the rose gold in the center that had the basket weave design. it is something different than so many other rings i saw and it is great. glad i found your company." mike s., cornelius, nc 10/2014 dear adiamor i received my ring this week, and it's absolutely beautiful! thank you for the wonderful service!cheers,noelle noelle m., boston, ma 10/2014 "just wanted to say thank you so much for everything on the ring. my now fiancé loves it and cannot stop staring at it. she will be driving and i\'ll notice the car drifting to the left because she\'s looking at the ring and not the road!thank you for all your help! will definitely connect with you on our next purchase. take care." haji, california 07/2014 thank you once again. "i just want to say, that dealing with you guys has been an absolute blessing. right from the get-go. i went to numerous sources and got educated on the industry really well. dealing with adiamor was effortless and very professional. it truly made my decision easier. you were never pushy; you educated me and answered any questions i had. the company really made me confident in product understanding and in the overall purchase process.in addition, i can say it was everyone at adiamor (not just one person). from elizabeth, to art, to sam... from sales all the way to accounting and every e-mail. i just want to say i appreciate everything and she absolutely loves the ring!" erwin and val, calgary, ab 07/2014 we're very happy with the ring and the service received from adiamor "ring was beautifully crafted! the wooden box it came presented in was an elegant touch which made my fiancé very happy indeed.diamond is of impeccable quality, sparkles in the sunlight and looks beautiful on her finger. we have received many compliments on it from friends and family as the design is unique and is not readily available at many jewelers in australia.have recommended adiamor to some friends and advised them that the staff are accommodating, helpful and willing to guide them through the process." hugh, adelaide, australia 06/2014 "i got my rings from adiamor and then decided to have them redone in platinum. i love them and they got them back to me with a week. thank you so much i love my rings you did a great job and would refer you again to all my friends." denise d., new york 05/2014 "my fiancé loves her ring. adiamor definitely exceeded my expectations. the ring definitely fit within my budget. i would definitely use them in the future!" patrick, gainesville, fl 02/2014 "received my ring yesterday and did adiamor ever deliver. after shopping around to local jewelers and jeweler exchange in boston, nobody could compete. so nervous making such a large purchase online site unseen. soooo thankful i did!!! more beautiful than i could have imagined. hope she says "yes"!!! thanks again adiamor!!" jeff, massachusetts 02/2014 great ring! great diamond! great customer service! "exactly what we wanted, thank you so much!" jeff, colorado 02/2014 "the most beautiful ring ever. it's perfect on my fingers." mona c., honolulu, hi 01/2014 you rock, adiamor.com! "extremely satisfied customer, just got the ring i ordered today and it is gorgeous. the picture you see online does not do it justice until you see it in person. shopping online at adiamor.com was fast, easy and laid out with perfect ease of use. shipping was quick and right on time. when they did not have the diamond in stock i picked out, they quickly let me know and had a replacement already selected. it was even more perfect than the first! i'd encourage anyone to buy from here. the other stores would easily charge double the price i paid." aaron s., fort worth, tx 11/2013 excellent!! "i did my research, learned what i needed to so i could make an informed purchase, then i went diamond shopping. at store after store, i got b.s. from sales persons, higher-priced, lesser quality diamonds, high-priced settings and long wait times for custom work. then i found adiamor among other online merchants- adiamor quickly rose to the top of the list. i found the perfect setting and a great diamond at a great price. i then called to confirm price and the availability of a custom size setting and the diamond i had selected; the customer service rep. was most polite and helpful, in no time my order was complete. six days later the completed ring was delivered, and it was absolutly beautiful!!! exactly what i was hoping for in all respects, the engagement ring is perfect, the diamond is exactly as described with the gia certification to match. the appraisal has come back several thousand more than what i paid, but the most important thing was the look on my wife's face when she opened the box. that, as they say, was priceless. thank you." f. metz, fort walton beach, fl 11/2013 thanks for adiamor for the perfect ring and a price that was more than affordable. "i have been with my girlfriend for 13 years. we have been together since middle school and i knew she deserved the very best ring i could afford. i'm so glad i found this website because this ring was perfect in every way. she absolutely loves it! she can't stop looking at it and telling me how beautiful it is. the setting in the picture doesn't do it justice. it's stunning in person and with the center diamond such a perfect cut, this ring shines all day under any light." bryan c., laurel, md 11/2013 great service, great ring, great quality = happy fiancé! "i was searching and searching for the perfect engagement ring for my girlfriend. she has seen this ring once before a long time back and i knew what she liked... she keeps telling me every day how much it sparkles..." jeff r., wakefield, ma 11/2013 adiamor is by far the best jeweler that my husband or i have ever dealt with. "when we were engaged, we lived overseas. most would say, 'you bought this online' to which i always reply 'yes, well my husband bought this online, and i am most impressed!' he designed everything on the ring, from the cut of the diamond, to the quality of the diamond, to the size of the diamond. i am very lucky to have a husband who is so thoughtful and loving. i have to say everywhere i go i get compliments on both my engagement ring and wedding ring. i would recommend this jeweler to everyone, engagement or not. adiamor is the best quality and the most helpful in each aspect!" bianca m., baltimore, md 11/2013 "the ring is beautiful. the service was impeccable. overall wonderful experience. would definitely recommend you to my friends. many, many thanks!" luis, new york, ny 11/2013 i absolutely love my engagement ring, as well as my wedding band "i am actually thinking about ordering another wedding band for the other side of my engagement ring. love love love! also, i have had tons of compliments! thank you so much!" lacey, faimount, il 10/2013 i high recommend this organization for price, quality and service. "the service that i received from art was exceptional. my special request for a canadian-sourced diamond and exceptionally tight timeline was met with confidence. the diamond arrived from canada on wednesday, set and shipped on thursday. i received the beautiful ring on friday, flew 2800 miles on saturday and proposed on the rim of crater lake on sunday. the events happened exactly as planned, and were only possible through the excellent service provided by adiamor." gerald h., charlotte, nc 10/2013 thanks for everyone who helped this process go smoothly. "wow, i just received the ring in the mail. it is beautiful. i am so happy and i got it so fast and it was such a good deal. i was very hesitant about buying a ring online, but when all is said and done it is perfect. if she doesn't say yes after this i give up." brian m., chicago, il 10/2013 thank you adiamor for your excellent service "i was very concerned about ordering a ring online. melissa made my buying experience very easy with her follow up and expertise in choosing the stone. i proposed to my fiancé on sunday and she was at a loss for words. the compliments on the ring have been overwhelming!!! adiamor surpassed my expectations and i was able to give my fiancé the ring of her dreams for much less than i found elsewhere. thank you adiamor we will be using you for the wedding bands as well!!" rick s., culver city, ca 10/2013 thank you so much for a beautiful ring, well worth waiting for. "when i first ordered this ring i forgot to alter the ring size. i called adiamor and explained what i'd done, and the employee i spoke to couldn't do enough to help me. she told me they couldn't change the size but would re-cast the ring. she even apologized that i'd have to wait longer to get it. the ring was shipped on the the 11th and received early morning on the 13th, i live in britain and was very impressed by the speed of delivery. also the fact that with fedex tracking, i could see where my ring was all the time and when to expect it. the ring, certificates, and presentation box are all very beautiful and i will certainly be shopping with adiamor again in the future. thank you again!" luke, el cajon, ca 10/2013 "it is absolutely beautiful and had it verified that the diamond is exactly as promised and found out it was a great deal too!!" suzanne, el cajon, ca 10/2013 the diamond is beautiful. "so much so, that everyone at the jewelry store i went to get it set was blown away. the manager even asked for your company's name. she began to cross check the diamonds in the store to the diamonds you have offered. no surprise, your diamonds were a better quality and a better price. i saved thousands of dollars going through adiamor and i was able to have the engagement ring of my dreams. thank you!" brittany r., virginia beach, va 10/2013 wow "my boyfriend (fiancé now) proposed to me on our vacation in jamaica last week. the ring that your company made for me was breathtaking!! the shine on the diamond is fantastic and i have received compliments from everyone that has seen it. thank you so much and i look forward to working with your team to design wedding bands for our big day in 10 months!" karen b., montreal, qc 10/2013 great experience all around! "i was a little skeptical about ordering online but after looking everywhere for the ring we wanted we decided to take a chance on ordering from you, because you had what looked like the perfect ring style. my engagement ring is perfect and truly beautiful. it was a better price than anything that was comparable. customer service was great when we had some questions about the diamond we wanted." amy w., fayetteville, ar 10/2013 thank you so much for a beautiful ring "it was well worth waiting for. when i first ordered this ring i forgot to alter the ring size. i called adiamor and explained what i'd done, and the employee i spoke to couldn't do enough to help me. she told me they couldn't change the size but would re-cast the ring. she even apologized that i'd have to wait longer to get it. the ring was shipped on the 11th and received early morning on the 13th; i live in britain and was very impressed by the speed of delivery. also, the fact that with fedex tracking, i could see where my ring was all the time and knew just when to expect it was a reassuring bonus. the ring, certificates and presentation box are all very beautiful and i will certainly be shopping with adiamor again in the future. thank you again!" luke v., peterborough, uk 10/2013 thank you adiamor "i was very skeptical about purchasing a diamond from a website that i never heard of before, however, i clicked the submit order button and purchased a 1.5 carat, vs2, i color diamond. i received the diamond within a week and it was gorgeous. my fiancé loves it and it's very sparkly. i did verify the laser inscription, and rest assured that adiamor has great diamonds. buy with confidence and you will save a lot of money. blue nile does not have as many choices and you would pay at least $300 more on a similar diamond." sid h., philadelphia, pa 09/2013 just wanted to say thank you to your customer service and sales department "y'all are amazing. the ring i ordered was delivered just in time, the manager was very helpful; he was great in his dealings with us, and very professional. most importantly, my fiancé loved loved the ring. if the main lady is happy, everyone's happy, ha-ha! thank you once again. i will definitely shop with y'all again and refer anyone and everyone to your website." vinay s., plano, tx 09/2013 the ring appraised 2xs as much as he paid for it! "my engagement ring turned out so amazing. my soon-to-be-husband was very worried about ordering a ring online and wasn't sure if the ring would be real or of the quality would be there. the other worry is that you don't actually get to physically hold what you are about to buy. but after all the weighing out of the pros and cons of buying in a store like mayors' or adiamor we choose adiamor! we are so happy we did. he purchased an emerald cut diamond over 2 carats with the pave setting. it sparkles like the sun in the sky. i receive a compliment on it every day. thank you guys for doing such a good job! the customer service was also great (i was a little worried, but when i called everyone who helped me was very, very, very nice!). give adiamor a shot i promise you that you will not be disappointed!! ps- i got a separate appraisal for the ring and the ring appraised 2xs as much as he paid for it!" amanda and wes s., boca raton, fl 09/2013 thank you and i will definitely purchase from you again. "i would like to thank adiamor for the quality specified on their site. i wasn't too fond of the idea of purchasing online. after a few phone calls about a particular princess cut diamond i found online, i made the leap and clicked 'purchase'. i intended to get the ring appraised at my trusted local jeweler and if it didn't match my expectations of what i thought i ordered, i was going to return it, figuring it was at least worth a try. adiamor... i don't quite understand how you did it, but the ring is simply amazing! i trust my jeweler, but when you take into the fact that i paid half of the value of the ring that my jeweler put on it... it leaves me speechless. how do you sell a ring for $5,000 that is worth $10,000 the diamond is colorless, sparkles like the princess cut should and is perfectly square; the quality of the ring itself is perfect." a thrilled customer, 09/2013 top notch! "it was beyond my expectations. you get so much more for your money than any of the large chain stores i visited. the customer service was great and the engagement ring was just perfect. they also met my time constraints which was a total bonus. the ring appraised for much more than i paid. again, thanks adiamor. we will be back for the matching wedding band! don't hesitate to purchase from adiamor, you're in safe hands." jonathon r., denver, co 09/2013 thanks, and oh...she said, "yes!" "when i got the ring in the mail, i couldn't wait to open the package. i pulled it out, admired the gorgeous box it came in for a second and then opened it up to reveal everything i had hoped for and more. it was an absolutely gorgeous ring. i took it to my local jeweler, who without looking at the gia report graded it the same. the price for a similar diamond (well slightly less perfect actually) in that store was over twice what i paid you guys! she had to check it twice to make sure it was a real diamond. please keep up the good work and great prices. i'll be shopping here in the future!" michael m., salem, va 09/2013 i absolutely love my ring. "the rose gold is so unique and it looks beautiful with my cushion cut. it's classy and simple but breathtaking. i could not have asked for a more beautiful ring." keely, madison, wi 09/2013 "my husband and i visited many stores and compared the prices, designs and value to online stores. we were surprised at the difference in "value for your money" you get when you buy online. we got the best deal at adiamor out of all online stores. this ring is very beautiful. i just love my ring and the compliments i get. we purchased this ring with a .99 carat, e-color, vvs2-clarity, excellent cut diamond. i couldn\'t be happier! thank you adiamor!" swathi, chicago, il 09/2013 "i can see why adiamor is rated a+ by the bbb...from ordering the ring online with the support of a representative via chat to receiving the actual item, every bit of this experience was first class. the halo set emerald cut diamond engagement ring that i purchased is so beautifully made that the independent appraiser i brought it to was floored by the quality and price that i paid for the ring. he was shocked that i could get such a beautiful piece of jewelry at such a reasonable price. i will never shop for jewelry anywhere else from now on..thank you for making this such a positive experience...it is the first and last time i will ever purchase an engagement ring and i will never forget how easy you made it!" eric, parsippany, nj 05/2013 "i cannot thank you enough for all the help you gave us in our ring selection. working with melissa made it all so smooth and they were so very helpful. after not being able to find a satisfactory band for the engagement ring i chose, they worked it all out to exchange for a completely new set, including different stone. i just received the new rings and they are absolutely stunning!! i am even happier than with my first choice. again, thank you so much for being a quality company we can trust!" sandra, mesa, az 08/2013 all i can say is wow! "received the ring on time and received nothing but the best customer service. my fiancé was absolutely blown away by it. she can't stop staring at her new engagement ring, and everyone compliments how it is one of the best diamonds they have ever seen. thanks!" jesse z., mt. olive, il 08/2013 thanks so much for your help. "my fiancé loves the solitaire and everyone who sees it turns green with envy. truly the most beautiful diamond i've seen on any woman?s hand." l. r. benedict, palmyra, va 08/2013 amazing product and amazing service. "the staff was extremely helpful in assisting me to complete my order. the ring was absolutely beautiful and far exceeded my expectations. i had it appraised from an outside source soon after receiving it, and was surprised at how much more it was appraised for than i paid through adiamor. a+ throughout every step of the process. i will definitely use adiamor again, as well as refer your service to any friend." tim s., dayton, nv 08/2013 the ring is absolutely amazing! "it is so beautiful and just what my girlfriend wanted. the customer service was better than i ever could imagine. everyone was so helpful and so great to work with. the quality of the ring, the quality of the workmanship, the excellent customer service - all are above compare. i highly recommend adiamor to anyone and everyone! we will be back! thank you for making our dreams come true!" david e., delray beach, fl 08/2013 thanks again, adiamor! "i shopped around every store in eastern north carolina for about two years only to find that selection was very limited to the budget that i had set for my ring. then i started looking around on the internet. the selection was better, but i was worried about spending that kind of money without seeing the ring in person. adiamor's 30 day return policy gave me the nerve to go ahead and give it a try. let me tell you folks one word: amazing! the ring i received was perfect. i carried the ring to three local jewelers and had it inspected, all three said the ring was excellent craftsmanship. not only that, but it was valued at $8,500 more than i paid for it! they also quoted me a price on the same ring for about $3,000 more than i paid for mine, so with that being said you would be a fool to by a ring in a store front. adiamor wasn't the only internet company i looked at, but they had the best site to help me choose a diamond, their inventory was unmatched by any one else i shopped with. they gave me better service than anyone i had talked to in two years, and i talked to about thirty different stores about a ring. i would like to send special thanks to melissa at adiamor for all the help- she was a real pleasure to deal with!" brad w., lagrange, nc 08/2013 this was one of the most pleasant buying experiences i've had "to be clear, i was expecting a beautiful and flawless ring... and i wasn't disappointed. but, more impressive was the ease with which i was able to complete the transaction. from choosing a loose diamond among an incredibly large selection, finding a beautiful engagement ring setting, to the efficient ordering process, having my order verified almost immediately and then being shipped quickly on the exact schedule that i was promised... the entire process was painless and i couldn't be happier (and my wife is happier still!). thank you, adiamor!" ed e., eustis, fl 08/2013 excellence from start to finish! "this ring was more beautiful than we imagined...the finest quality and precisely what we ordered. i would recommend adiamor to anyone. customer service was second to none. great value and very trustworthy!" mike, abbeville, la 11/2012 "my fiance and i ordered my ring through adiamor. not only was there helpful customer service and ease of ordering, but the delivery was ahead of schedule (very fast to begin with) and the ring is perfect! just as described if not even better. absolutely beautiful product." olivia, new york, ny 11/2012 "the customer service was outstanding and she loved the engagement ring. i was really excited when i got it appraised from an independent appraiser and it came back almost double what i paid. awesome!!" andrew, reno, nv 11/2012 "i received the ring today and it was more beautiful than i expected. so beautiful that i couldn't wait to ask her. i wanted to wait a few weeks, but just had to kneel down and do it tonight...and she said yes! she loves the ring also! thank you adiamor!" clint, chester springs, pa 11/2012 my rings are absolutely beautiful! "i must confess to being concerned about wiring such a large amount, sight unseen. i was wrong to worry. dealing with adiamor was one of the best decisions i ever made. i would reccomend them to anyone!" bill, statesville, nc 10/2012 "adiamor has by far the best customer service of any online store. they keep their commitments in getting the ring to you on time, and offer the best prices. the quality of both the setting and the diamond are superb. i highly recommend adiamor." matthew, mesa, az 10/2012 i am so pleased with the purchase! "the ring and diamond are exactly as described. the customer service was exceptional. i highly recommend this website for anyone who is diamond shopping online. i have been to all the websites and believe me adiamor gives the best value for your money. i will definitely return to shop here!" brian, altamonte springs, fl 10/2012 the ring is absolutely amazing! "it sparkles more than the photos could possibly show. i know she will love it. it was by far the best price as well. i am already recommending adiamor to all my friends. thank you so much." gregg, cornelius, nc 05/2009 customer service free fedex shippingâ® 30-day returns jewelry insurance terms & conditions about us a+ rating from bbb testimonials conflict-free policy why buy from adiamor contact live chat email us 1-877-627-5094 (213) 627-5057 keep in touch with adiamor â© 1999-2017 adiamor.  | 510 w 6th st, suite 1200 los angeles, ca, 90014 privacy policy site map blog abcdefg