来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20201207094117/https://www.adiamor.com/Education/Diamond-Certification
================================================================================

education - diamond certification | adiamor free overnight shipping and 30-day returns 877-627-5094 blog diamonds shop by shape round pear princess radiant emerald oval marquise asscher heart cushion search all diamonds selecting a diamond natural diamond search lab grown diamond search diamond pairs search custom diamond search canadian diamonds affinity collection diamond education design your own engagement ring earrings pendant engagement rings shop by shape round pear princess radiant emerald oval marquise asscher heart cushion search all engagement rings shop by style solitaire modern pave split shank halo gemstone three-stone vintage matched sets pre-set rings rose gold yellow gold recently purchased selecting a setting design your own engagement ring hidden halo collection thin band collection french cut collection custom engagement rings top engagement ring styles wedding shop by style classic diamond pave channel set gemstone eternity rings shop by metal white gold yellow gold rose gold platinum selecting a ring women's wedding bands men's wedding bands anniversary rings jewelry diamond jewelry earrings pendants and necklaces bracelets rings and bands fine jewelry education on sale design your own engagement ring earrings pendant shop by collection bold gold french cut halo wedding gifts men's jewelry top gift ideas education diamond education diamond certification carat weight diamond cut diamond color diamond clarity engagement guide wedding ring guide establishing your budget proposal tips metal education pearl education jeweler guide financing insurance jewelry care gift guide glossary on sale our story blog contact us sign in wish list my bag diamonds shop by shape round pear princess radiant emerald oval marquise asscher heart cushion search all diamonds selecting a diamond natural diamond search lab grown diamond search diamond pairs search custom diamond search canadian diamonds affinity collection diamond education design your own engagement ring earrings pendant engagement rings shop by shape round pear princess radiant emerald oval marquise asscher heart cushion search all engagement rings shop by style solitaire modern pave split shank halo gemstone three-stone vintage matched sets pre-set rings rose gold yellow gold recently purchased selecting a setting design your own engagement ring hidden halo collection thin band collection french cut collection custom engagement rings top engagement ring styles wedding shop by style classic diamond pave channel set gemstone eternity rings shop by metal white gold yellow gold rose gold platinum selecting a ring women's wedding bands men's wedding bands anniversary rings jewelry diamond jewelry earrings pendants bracelets rings and bands fine jewelry education on sale design your own engagement ring earrings pendant shop by collection bold gold french cut halo wedding gifts men's jewelry top gift ideas education diamond education diamond certification carat weight diamond cut diamond color diamond clarity engagement guide wedding ring guide establishing your budget proposal tips metal education pearl education jeweler guide financing insurance jewelry care gift guide glossary about us visit us 510 w 6th st, suite 1200 los angeles, ca, 90014 877-627-5094 our policies price match policy conflict free policy privacy policy return policy shipping policy our story in the media why shop at adiamor testimonials shoppable socials social media gallery contact us send thank you! your message has been sent. if you have any questions, please contact us at 877-627-5094 or email service@adiamor.com on sale home education diamond certification diamond education affinity collection carat weight diamond care diamond certification diamond clarity diamond color diamond cut diamond shape engagement guide establishing your budget financing and insurance jeweler guide proposal tips ring anatomy fine jewelry education earring guide gemstone education gift guide glossary metal education pearl education pendant guide wedding ring guide diamond certification diamonds purchased through adiamor are accompanied by their original certificate, also referred to as a diamond grading report, diamond dossier®, or diamond quality report. adiamor provides free appraisals for all engagement rings, design your own rings, and all gemstone jewelry valued over $1000. what is a certificate? a diamond certificate is prepared by an independent third party laboratory and verifies that a diamond is genuine and provides an evaluation of a diamond's characteristics. a certificate will contain a complete quality description of the diamond and will include information on shape, weight, color, clarity, fluorescence, measurements, proportions and overall finish. certificates and diamond grading labs adiamor diamonds are graded by the two most reputable and respected laboratories in the industry, the gemological institute of america (gia) and the american gem society laboratories (agsl). for your peace of mind, every loose diamond sold by adiamor has been thoroughly analyzed and graded by either of these independent laboratories. these two laboratories have demonstrated a long history of strict, consistent, and unbiased diamond grading. view diamond certificates while you shop at adiamor, you can view certificates online for many of the diamonds we offer. if you are interested in a specific diamond and a certificate is not available for viewing online, contact one our professionals toll free at 1-877-627-5094 or contact us via email. sample gia diamond grading report laser inscription registry each diamond with a gia diamond dossier is laser inscribed with the report number.view sample inscription shape and cutting style the diamond shape and cutting style. measurements the diamond dimensions in millimeters. carat weight weight of diamond listed to the nearest hundredth of a carat. color grade color grade of the diamond. clarity grade clarity grade determined under 10x magnification. cut grade cut grade of the diamond. depth depth (for round diamonds) and/or width (for fancy shapes) relative to diameter. table table facet (for round diamonds) and/or width (for fancy shapes) relative to diameter. girdle range of girdle thickness. culet appearance of the culet facet. finish grades of polish and symmetry. fluorescence color, and strength of color when diamond is viewed under uv light. clarity plot a map of the approximate size, type, and position of inclusions as viewed under a microscope. comments description of additional diamond characteristics not mentioned in the report. sample gia diamond dossier grading report laser inscription registry each diamond with a gia diamond dossier is laser inscribed with the report number. view sample inscription shape and cutting style the diamond shape and cutting style. measurements the diamond dimensions in millimeters. carat weight weight of diamond listed to the nearest hundredth of a carat. color grade color grade of the diamond. clarity grade clarity grade determined under 10x magnification. cut grade cut grade of the diamond. depth depth (for round diamonds) and/or width (for fancy shapes) relative to diameter. table table facet (for round diamonds) and/or width (for fancy shapes) relative to diameter. girdle range of girdle thickness. culet appearance of the culet facet. finish grades of polish and symmetry. fluorescence color, and strength of color when diamond is viewed under uv light. clarity characteristics description of additional diamond characteristics not mentioned in the report. sample agsl diamond quality document shape and style the diamond shape and cutting style. measurements the diamond dimensions in millimeters. cut grade a grade of cut, zero being most rare and desirable and 10 being least desirable. only round diamonds are graded. all fancy cuts are assigned asterisks with associated comments listed in the comments section. color grade a grade of color, zero being most rare and desirable and 10 being least desirable. assigned half points to accommodate all the grades of color. clarity grade a grade of clarity, zero being most rare and desirable and 10 being least desirable. look in the comments section for remarks about the finish. carat weight the weight of the diamond measured to the third decimal place. comments description of additional diamond characteristics not mentioned in the report. diamond profile a diamond diagram that shows depth and table percentages. plot a map of the approximate size, type, and position of inclusions as viewed under a microscope. appraisal and certification documents an appraisal is a document stating the approximate retail replacement value of an item and is usually necessary for insurance purposes. in case of loss, theft, or damage, your insurance company will use the appraisal to provide an equal replacement of your item. in addition, your insurance company will also calculate your premium based on the retail replacement value in the appraisal. at your request, adiamor will provide a complimentary professional appraisal on diamond engagement ring purchases. what's in our appraisal? our appraisals are written and signed by our gemology experts, so you can be sure that the item you purchased is of the absolute finest quality. the center stone is inspected under magnification to ensure it matches the accompanying laboratory certificate. sidestones are also carefully inspected to ensure that they meet the strict standards of high quality set by adiamor. in addition, our appraisal for diamond engagement rings contain valuable information, including: the precious metal used in the engagement setting. an accurate and complete description of the item being appraised. the shape, carat weight, color, clarity, and measurements of the center diamond. the name of the independent laboratory certification and report number. the approximate retail replacement value. if you have any further questions about the appraisal report, please email us at service@adiamor.com or contact a customer service representative by phone at 1-877-627-5094. customer service free fedex shipping® 30-day returns jewelry insurance terms & conditions track your order about us adiamor reviews conflict-free policy why buy from adiamor social media gallery diamond alternatives contact email us 877-627-5094 213-627-5057 xmc2lhy keep in touch with adiamor © 1999-2022 adiamor. | 510 w 6th st, suite 1200 los angeles, ca, 90014 | site map