来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20241107023950/https://www.adiamor.com/Engagement-Rings
================================================================================

engagement rings and engagement ring settings | adiamor free shipping and easy returns | lab grown diamonds on sale! 877-627-5094 blog diamonds shop by shape round pear princess radiant emerald oval marquise asscher heart cushion search all diamonds selecting a diamond natural diamond search lab grown diamond search diamond pairs search custom diamond search canadian diamonds affinity collection diamond education design your own engagement ring earrings pendant engagement rings shop by shape round pear princess radiant emerald oval marquise asscher heart cushion search all engagement rings shop by style solitaire modern pavé split shank halo gemstone three-stone vintage matched sets pre-set rings rose gold yellow gold recently purchased selecting a setting design your own engagement ring hidden halo collection thin band collection french cut collection custom engagement rings top engagement ring styles wedding shop by style classic diamond pavé channel set gemstone eternity rings shop by metal white gold yellow gold rose gold platinum selecting a ring women's wedding bands men's wedding bands anniversary rings jewelry diamond jewelry earrings pendants and necklaces bracelets rings and bands fine jewelry education on sale design your own engagement ring earrings pendant shop by collection bold gold french cut halo wedding gifts men's jewelry top gift ideas education diamond education diamond certification carat weight diamond cut diamond color diamond clarity engagement guide wedding ring guide establishing your budget proposal tips metal education pearl education jeweler guide financing insurance jewelry care gift guide glossary on sale our story blog contact us sign in wish list my bag diamonds shop by shape round pear princess radiant emerald oval marquise asscher heart cushion search all diamonds selecting a diamond natural diamond search lab grown diamond search diamond pairs search custom diamond search canadian diamonds affinity collection diamond education design your own engagement ring earrings pendant engagement rings shop by shape round pear princess radiant emerald oval marquise asscher heart cushion search all engagement rings shop by style solitaire modern pavé split shank halo gemstone three-stone vintage matched sets pre-set rings rose gold yellow gold recently purchased selecting a setting design your own engagement ring hidden halo collection thin band collection french cut collection custom engagement rings top engagement ring styles wedding shop by style classic diamond pavé channel set gemstone eternity rings shop by metal white gold yellow gold rose gold platinum selecting a ring women's wedding bands men's wedding bands anniversary rings jewelry diamond jewelry earrings pendants bracelets rings and bands fine jewelry education on sale design your own engagement ring earrings pendant shop by collection bold gold french cut halo wedding gifts men's jewelry top gift ideas education diamond education diamond certification carat weight diamond cut diamond color diamond clarity engagement guide wedding ring guide establishing your budget proposal tips metal education pearl education jeweler guide financing insurance jewelry care gift guide glossary about us visit us 510 w 6th st, suite 1200 los angeles, ca, 90014 877-627-5094 our policies price match policy conflict free policy privacy policy return policy shipping policy our story in the media why shop at adiamor testimonials shoppable socials social media gallery contact us send thank you! your message has been sent. if you have any questions, please contact us at 877-627-5094 or email service@adiamor.com on sale home engagement rings diamond engagement rings shop our unique selection of hand-crafted diamond ring settings to design your custom engagement ring. shop engagement rings engagement ring styles solitaire rings halo rings pave rings three stone modern rings split shank vintage rings gemstone rings design your own engagement ring select your perfect engagement ring setting and pair it with the center diamond of your choice to create your custom ring. design now shop by diamond shape oval emerald marquise round princess pear radiant heart asscher cushion hidden halo engagement rings at adiamor you can add diamonds to any basket setting. when done this way, it creates a dainty hidden halo that doesn't take away from the center stone, but adds extra sparkle when viewing the ring from any other angle. emerald cut diamond rings oval cut diamond rings cushion cut diamond rings radiant cut diamond rings thin band engagement rings adiamor's thin band engagement ring collection features a modern take on classic styles with band widths ranging from 1.5mm to 1.7mm. thin band ring styles include simple solitaires, diamond bands, halos and 3 stone rings. rose gold rings platinum rings white gold rings yellow gold rings top engagement rings styles adiamor's best engagement rings styles make it easy to design the perfect ring for you. from simple solitaires to halo and 3 stone rings, you can't go wrong with these adiamor in house designs. recently purchased engagement rings be inspired by the rings that our customers have recently purchased. design your custom engagement ring adiamor specializes in custom design engagement rings and wedding bands. our design experts are here to guide you step-by-step through the process of designing a ring online. start by selecting one of our in-house design engagement ring settings and customize the band width, add diamonds, take away diamonds, the options are endless. drop in an inspiration photo along with center diamond information, metal choice, ring size and any other specifications, our ring designer will guide you through the custom engagement ring process. engagement ring guide our diamond engagement ring guide is designed to assist you step by step through the buying process. shop engagement rings by category engagement rings by metal white gold engagement rings yellow gold engagement rings rose gold engagement rings platinum engagement rings engagement rings by shape round diamond engagement rings princess cut diamond engagement rings emerald cut diamond engagement rings marquise cut diamond engagement rings heart shape diamond engagement rings pear shape diamond engagement rings radiant cut diamond engagement rings oval diamond engagement rings asscher cut diamond engagement rings cushion cut diamond engagement rings engagement rings by style solitaire engagement rings modern engagement rings pave engagement rings split shank engagement rings halo engagement rings gemstone engagement rings three stone engagement rings vintage engagement rings matching bridal sets pre-set engagement rings engagement rings by collection hidden halo collection thin band collection french cut collection shop our socials get inspired with the latest collection, surprise promotions, and styling tips! you design it, we build it make it your own. each ring is a one of a kind masterpiece made for you in our los angeles manufacturing house. design your own ring frequently asked questions how do i design a diamond engagement ring? the first step to designing the perfect diamond engagement ring is establishing your budget. your budget should include the engagement ring setting, center diamond, tax, and insurance. your so has likely sent several inspiration photos of diamond rings that meet the "dream ring" standard. use the inspiration photos and select an engagement ring setting that most similar. pay close attention to the width of the band, style of prongs, and any special details you would like to add. with adiamor you can customize any engagement ring on the site and all of our rings can be made to accommodate any diamond shape. most common customizations are; adding diamonds to the prongs and basket, adjusting mm width and adding or taking away diamonds from the band. if you need a customization that is not listed or want to design a custom ring from scratch, simply reach out by phone or email. our design team will create the perfect diamond ring for you. design your own engagement ring which should be selected first, the engagement ring setting or the loose diamond? we do suggest having at least an idea of the engagement ring style you are considering before selecting the diamond. the reason for this is mainly to get an idea of the budget you will have to spend on the diamond. ring settings with diamonds on the band or 3 stone rings will be more expensive than a solitaire. there are some engagement ring styles that call for a diamond with a specific shape or size. at adiamor, all of our ring settings can be made with any size, any shaped diamond. that being said, it is important to pay attention to some key factors when selecting the engagement ring setting. if you are planning on a ring with a wide band, the diamond should be larger than the mm width of the band. thin band ring styles are visually flattering for every shape and size diamond. learn more what happens after an order for an engagement ring is placed? once an order for an engagement ring and diamond is placed, we visually inspect the diamond that has been selected. you will be called to confirm all of your order details including ring size, metal choice, and diamond selection. we begin manufacturing your engagement ring setting. most rings take 7-10 days to complete. your ring is shipped to you upon completion. shop engagement rings what is a good size diamond for an engagement ring? the best size diamond for an engagement ring is one that is within your budget! the average-sized center diamond sold last year had a carat weight of 1.2 carats. you should consider cut, clarity, color, and shape in addition to the diamond's size when determining your budget for your engagement ring. thin band and halo engagement ring settings are great options for diamonds of all different shapes and sizes because they increase the appearance of size of the center diamond. learn more are adiamor diamonds real? yes, the diamonds on our site are real. we have specialized in selling natural gia certified loose diamonds online since 1998. we recently added loose lab-grown diamonds to our assortment. lab-grown diamonds have the same physical and chemical properties as earth-mined natural diamonds. your custom ring setting will reflect your center stone selection. ring settings with a natural center diamond selection will be manufactured with natural diamond side stones. ring settings with a lab-grown center diamond selection with be manufactured with lab-grown side diamonds. we use full-cut diamonds with an average g-h color and vs clarity in our diamond engagement ring settings, diamond wedding bands, and diamond jewelry. all of our jewelry is made with natural diamonds unless otherwise specified. design your ring why are emerald cut diamond engagement rings more expensive? the most expensive part of an engagement ring is usually the center diamond. emerald cut diamonds are not technically more expensive than other shapes. they are priced with the same price scale as other diamonds. the main difference is that emerald cuts show inclusions more clearly than other shapes. the need to select a diamond with high clarity is a factor of price and therefore can make an emerald diamond engagement ring more expensive than other options. shop emerald engagement rings what is an elongated cushion cut diamond ring? cushion cut diamonds can be elongated, rectangular, square and everything in between. this makes them truly unique. elongated cushion cut diamond rings are identified by their elongated rectangular shape. you can identify whether a cushion cut diamond is elongated or not by looking at the length to width ratio. if the length to width ratio is above 1.20 the diamond will appear slimmer and longer than a traditional cushion cut diamond. cushion cut diamonds with a length to width ratio above 1.35 would be considered long. learn more are cushion cut engagement rings cheaper than others? yes, a 1 carat cushion cut diamond is less expensive than a round diamond with the same characteristics. that being said, a cushion cut diamond with the same carat weight typically measures smaller edge to edge than a round diamond with the same carat weight. so yes, if you are only looking at carat weight, then a cushion cut engagement ring could be significantly cheaper than other shapes. in terms of actual measurements, a cushion-cut diamond could end up costing more than other shapes. there are many considerations when deciding to buy a cushion-cut engagement ring. unlike a round diamond, every cushion cut diamond has a unique shape therefore each cushion engagement ring is truly one of a kind. buy cushion engagement ring what is a halo ring? a halo ring is a ring setting that has small diamonds set around the center diamond. halo engagement ring settings can give the appearance of a larger center stone. at adiamor, all of our halo engagement rings are custom-made according to the exact measurements of the center diamond. this ensures a seamless fit and enhances the look and sparkle of the entire engagement ring no matter what shape. halo engagement rings that are properly fit allow for the center diamond to be flush with the halo. when not custom-made, there may be space between the halo and the center diamond. others may have a standard prong set in the middle of the halo, propping it up and detracting from the overall appearance of the ring. if you are looking for a halo engagement ring for fancy shapes like oval, emerald, and cushion-cut diamonds, it is important to have it custom-made because each one is so unique. buy halo rings what is a flush set engagement ring setting? a flush set engagement ring is one that will accommodate a wedding band sitting flush next to it. at adiamor, we have several engagement ring settings that were designed specifically for this purpose. an engagement ring setting that is not flush set typically has a center prong or basket that protrudes out past the width of the band. this creates a gap between the engagement ring setting and the wedding band when stacked. all of our ring settings can be customized to be flush set. something to consider when designing a flush set engagement ring is the height of the center diamond. the overall height of the ring is really determined by the depth of the center diamond. a setting that is flush set may add 1-2mm to the height of the overall ring. this is a minimal difference, but those that are concerned with the height of the center diamond may opt for a low basket that sits directly on the finger. learn more can i purchase an engagement ring setting on it's own? absolutely! all of our settings are sold on their own or with a center diamond that you select from our site. if you are purchasing a setting on its own, you will need to provide details of the center stone that is going to be used. details include stone type, shape, carat weight, and measurements. details are entered during the checkout process. shop engagement ring settings why are adiamor diamonds so cheap? adiamor is a wholesale jewelry manufacturer that started offering our products to the public through our online storefront in 1998. we manufacture all of our rings from scratch in our own manufacturing house. our mission has always been to offer the best quality products with the best pricing. we run our business with a lean team of experts and don't employ pricing teams that run endless algorithms to identify price increase opportunities. pricing is determined by actual cost and operating expenses. over the years we have built relationships with the best diamond suppliers to secure the best selection and pricing. adiamor believes in passing those savings on to our customers. this strategy has worked for over 20 years and we intend to continue offering premium luxury goods at the best prices in the industry. shop diamonds what is the differance between platinum or white gold? there are differences in function between white gold and platinum. the choice of ring metal between white gold and platinum has typically been based on price. current gold prices have narrowed the gap in pricing which has made the decision more about function. 14k and 18k white gold is a bit less expensive and suitable for any ring style. both 14 and 18k white gold require rhodium plating in order to appear white. adiamor also offers 19k white gold as an option. it has a higher gold content, is mixed with a proprietary metal that makes it naturally white, does not require rhodium plating, and is stronger and harder than the 14,18k options. 19k white gold does experience metal loss over time and is not hypoallergenic. platinum does have its advantages. platinum is the only precious metal that is hypoallergenic, does not require rhodium plating, is 95% pure, and does not experience metal loss over time. platinum is heavier, stronger, and softer than white gold and will wear to a gray patina finish. shop white metal rings customer service free fedex shipping® 30-day returns jewelry insurance privacy policy cookie policy terms and conditions about us why buy from adiamor adiamor reviews flexible financing conflict-free policy social media gallery diamond alternatives contact email us 877-627-5094 accessibility your privacy choices notice at collection keep in touch with adiamor © 1999-2024 adiamor. | 510 w 6th st, suite 1200 los angeles, ca, 90014 | site map