来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20241107023950/https://www.adiamor.com/Education/Gift-Guide
================================================================================

education - gift guide | adiamor free shipping and easy returns | lab grown diamonds on sale! 877-627-5094 blog diamonds shop by shape round pear princess radiant emerald oval marquise asscher heart cushion search all diamonds selecting a diamond natural diamond search lab grown diamond search diamond pairs search custom diamond search canadian diamonds affinity collection diamond education design your own engagement ring earrings pendant engagement rings shop by shape round pear princess radiant emerald oval marquise asscher heart cushion search all engagement rings shop by style solitaire modern pavé split shank halo gemstone three-stone vintage matched sets pre-set rings rose gold yellow gold recently purchased selecting a setting design your own engagement ring hidden halo collection thin band collection french cut collection custom engagement rings top engagement ring styles wedding shop by style classic diamond pavé channel set gemstone eternity rings shop by metal white gold yellow gold rose gold platinum selecting a ring women's wedding bands men's wedding bands anniversary rings jewelry diamond jewelry earrings pendants and necklaces bracelets rings and bands fine jewelry education on sale design your own engagement ring earrings pendant shop by collection bold gold french cut halo wedding gifts men's jewelry top gift ideas education diamond education diamond certification carat weight diamond cut diamond color diamond clarity engagement guide wedding ring guide establishing your budget proposal tips metal education pearl education jeweler guide financing insurance jewelry care gift guide glossary on sale our story blog contact us sign in wish list my bag diamonds shop by shape round pear princess radiant emerald oval marquise asscher heart cushion search all diamonds selecting a diamond natural diamond search lab grown diamond search diamond pairs search custom diamond search canadian diamonds affinity collection diamond education design your own engagement ring earrings pendant engagement rings shop by shape round pear princess radiant emerald oval marquise asscher heart cushion search all engagement rings shop by style solitaire modern pavé split shank halo gemstone three-stone vintage matched sets pre-set rings rose gold yellow gold recently purchased selecting a setting design your own engagement ring hidden halo collection thin band collection french cut collection custom engagement rings top engagement ring styles wedding shop by style classic diamond pavé channel set gemstone eternity rings shop by metal white gold yellow gold rose gold platinum selecting a ring women's wedding bands men's wedding bands anniversary rings jewelry diamond jewelry earrings pendants bracelets rings and bands fine jewelry education on sale design your own engagement ring earrings pendant shop by collection bold gold french cut halo wedding gifts men's jewelry top gift ideas education diamond education diamond certification carat weight diamond cut diamond color diamond clarity engagement guide wedding ring guide establishing your budget proposal tips metal education pearl education jeweler guide financing insurance jewelry care gift guide glossary about us visit us 510 w 6th st, suite 1200 los angeles, ca, 90014 877-627-5094 our policies price match policy conflict free policy privacy policy return policy shipping policy our story in the media why shop at adiamor testimonials shoppable socials social media gallery contact us send thank you! your message has been sent. if you have any questions, please contact us at 877-627-5094 or email service@adiamor.com on sale home education gift guide diamond education affinity collection carat weight diamond care diamond certification diamond clarity diamond color diamond cut diamond shape lab grown diamonds engagement guide engagement ring add ons establishing your budget financing and insurance jeweler guide proposal tips ring anatomy fine jewelry education earring guide gemstone education gift guide glossary metal education pearl education pendant guide wedding ring guide gift guide surprise that special someone with a gift of fine jewelry from adiamor. present your bride with a romantic jewelry gift on your wedding anniversary day. we also carry many other romantic gifts that are perfect for birthdays, anniversaries, and special occasions. browse the other sections in this gift guide and discover anniversary rings, fashion bracelets, diamond earrings, pendants, accessories and more. gifts for the bridesmaids need bridesmaids gifts? adiamor has got you covered! once you’ve got the wedding rings in hand, it’s time to start thinking about gifts for the special ladies who are going to stand by your side on the day of your nuptials. you’ve got a lot on your mind, so you might not have time to put much thought into these gifts, but when you consider that these women are your best friends and/or family members, that they have probably been a part of your life for a good long while (and will continue to play a big role in your future), and that they are making a sacrifice on your behalf (spending the time and money to make sure your special day goes off without a hitch), you might want to rethink your commitment to finding the perfect gifts for them. luckily, adiamor makes it easy to say thank you to your bridesmaids. shop earrings | shop pendants | shop bracelets gifts for the groomsmen and last but not least, what about the groomsmen? surely they deserve something for standing by your side through the most important day of your life. shop accessories if you are a savvy shopper when it comes to appropriate anniversary gifts, you are probably well aware that there is a “diamond” anniversary (the 60th or the 75th…you decide if you make it that far). but if you are a savvy spouse, you’ll know that you can never go wrong with the gift of diamonds. every year that you’ve been married is another opportunity to wow the one you love with a new set of diamond studs, a necklace, or even an updated ring. here are just a few reasons why getting an icy gift will help you heat things up on your anniversary: 1. it's better than wood. there are some pretty strange items listed for various anniversary years (wood, paper, and cotton to name a few). although these traditional gifts could force you to get creative (photo frame or jewelry box could both work for wood), don’t you think diamonds will trump anything else you might come up with? 2. get a set, dole it out. if you’re not really into shopping, you can buy a complete set (earrings, necklace, bracelet, etc.) and have gifts lined up for years to come. best of all, she’ll think you actually remember from year to year which set the original gift came from. 3. no guesswork. if you dread the thought of coming up with anniversary gifts for the next 50-80 years, knowing that you’re going to get diamonds every year will certainly make things easier, especially if you’re not particularly keen when it comes to determining what she might like. 4. repetition is encouraged. diamonds are a girl’s best friend, so you know this is the one gift she’ll never protest. even if she doesn’t like the setting you choose to house a diamond, she can always get it reset. she’ll appreciate the stone, if nothing else. 5. she can never have too many diamonds. this is just jewelry-buying 101. no matter how many sets of diamond earrings she owns, there is always a more perfect pair. and you could consider giving her a loose stone every year so that by the time you actually reach your diamond anniversary, she’ll have a large enough collection to create the necklace, the earrings, and any other accessory her heart desires. the holidays are an excellent time to think about buying a gift that will keep a special person in your life happy for the rest of the year, and in that respect there is no better purchase than diamond jewelry. but don’t think that it’s only for women. although the right diamond will make any woman swoon with joy, there are also many gifts for men that incorporate the hardest substance on earth. so if you’re thinking about giving that special someone something really special this year, here are some options that may appeal to you. 1. prong-set diamond studs. every woman can use a pair of dazzling diamond-stud earrings and the best way to display them is generally a prong setting (unless the cut is very shallow). they go with any outfit and make an excellent addition to any collection. in short, this is a gift you can’t go wrong with. shop diamond studs 2. three-stone pendant. this unique pendant necklace features three diamonds in a triangular pattern or a straight line, making it a beautiful piece. but what makes it so special is the meaning that is embodied by the three stones. they serve to represent past, present, and future, symbolizing a lifelong promise of love. shop three-stone pendants 3. cufflinks. who says men can’t wear jewelry? in fact, men have many options when it comes to accessorizing their outfits. but if the man in your life isn’t particularly keen on, say, bracelets or rings, give him a special piece to go with his dress wear. a fancy pair of cufflinks can class up his suits and let him know how much you love it when they look nice. shop cufflinks 4. wedding bands. either partner in a relationship can do something nice for their significant other by updating the wedding bands. no woman will turn down a gorgeous eternity band and men will appreciate a piece that is more fitting of their style aesthetic (now that you know your partner a little better, you can find a band that he’ll really love). shop wedding bands 5. engagement ring. if you really want to wow that special woman in your life, consider making this a holiday she’ll never forget by giving her the engagement ring she’s been waiting for. and a tip for the ladies: don’t wait around if you’re ready for wedding bells. express your intentions by getting down on one knee, presenting him with a ring, and taking the initiative to ask for his hand in marriage. shop engagement rings customer service free fedex shipping® 30-day returns jewelry insurance privacy policy cookie policy terms and conditions about us why buy from adiamor adiamor reviews flexible financing conflict-free policy social media gallery diamond alternatives contact email us 877-627-5094 accessibility your privacy choices notice at collection keep in touch with adiamor © 1999-2024 adiamor. | 510 w 6th st, suite 1200 los angeles, ca, 90014 | site map