来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20131122013152/http://www.appliancepartspros.com/customerservice/legal.aspx
================================================================================

our policies - appliancepartspros.com getting your parts... 24/7 customer support chat with a pro call 1-877-477-7278 sign in about us repair forum my account order status shop for parts get repair help items in cart: total $0.00 customer service terms of use terms of use introduction welcome to appliancepartspros.com. this site is provided by appliancepartspros.com, inc. (referred to throughout this site as "appliancepartspros.com") as a service to our customers. please review the following rules that govern your use of the appliancepartspros.com site (the "agreement"). please note that your use of the appliancepartspros.com site (the "site") constitutes your unconditional agreement to follow and be bound by these terms of use. although you may "bookmark" a particular portion of this site and thereby bypass this agreement, your use of this site still binds you to these terms of use. appliancepartspros.com reserves the right to update or modify these terms of use at any time without prior notice to you. your use of the site following any such change constitutes your unconditional agreement to follow and be bound by these terms of use as changed. for this reason, we encourage you to review these terms of use whenever you use this site. use of this site by accepting these terms of use through your use of the site, you certify that you are 18 years of age or older. if you are under the age of 18 but at least 13 years of age you may use this site only under the supervision of a parent or legal guardian who agrees to be bound by these terms of use. appliancepartspros.com does not intentionally collect personal information about children under the age of 13. children under the age of 13 may not use this site and parents or legal guardians may not agree to these terms of use on their behalf. if you are a parent or legal guardian agreeing to these terms of use for the benefit of a child between the ages of 13 and 18, be advised that you are fully responsible for his or her use of this site, including all financial charges and legal liability that he or she may incur. if you do not agree to (or cannot comply with) any of these terms and conditions, do not use this site. all billing and registration information provided must be truthful and accurate. providing any untruthful or inaccurate information may constitute a breach of these terms of use. by confirming your purchase at the end of the checkout process, you agree to accept and pay for the item(s) requested. all materials, including images, text, illustrations, designs, icons, photographs, diagrams, programs, video clips and written and other materials that are part of this site (collectively, the "contents") are intended solely for personal, non-commercial use. you may download, copy or print the contents and other downloadable materials displayed on the site for your personal use only. no right, title or interest in any downloaded materials or software is transferred to you as a result of any such downloading or copying. you may not reproduce (except as noted above), publish, transmit, distribute, display, modify, create derivative works from, sell or participate in any sale of or exploit in any way, in whole or in part, any of the contents, the site or any related software. all software used on this site is the property of appliancepartspros.com or its suppliers and protected by u.s. and international copyright laws. the contents and software on this site may be used only as a shopping resource. any other use, including the reproduction, modification, distribution, transmission, republication, display, or performance, of the contents on this site is strictly prohibited. appliancepartspros.com is a trademark of appliancepartspros.com, inc. repair materials, documents and advice: all of the repair information, advice, instructions, data, and other troubleshooting materials are provided to you free of charge (collectively, the “repair materials”). as such, appliancepartspros.com does not make any representations or warranties with respect to any repair materials or the results you will achieve through their use. appliancepartspros.com disclaims all warranties, whether express, implied, statutory or in any communication with you or otherwise with respect to the repair materials. appliancepartspros.com is not, nor will it be, liable for any personal or property injury, damage and/or liability, whether in the form of direct, indirect, consequential, special, exemplary or other damages, arising out of your use of or reliance upon the repair materials, or the acts or omissions of appliancepartspros.com in relation to the repair materials. you may not, without appliancepartspros.com's prior express written permission, "mirror" any contents or repair materials contained on this website on any other server. site security users are prohibited from violating or attempting to violate the security of the site, including, without limitation, (a) accessing data not intended for such user or logging onto a server or an account which the user is not authorized to access; (b) attempting to probe, scan or test the vulnerability of a system or network or to breach security or authentication measures without proper authorization; (c) attempting to interfere with service to any user, host or network, including, without limitation, via means of submitting a virus to the site, overloading, "flooding," "spamming," "mailbombing" or "crashing;" (d) sending unsolicited email, including promotions and/or advertising of products or services; or (e) forging any tcp/ip packet header or any part of the header information in any email or newsgroup posting. violations of system or network security may result in civil or criminal liability. appliancepartspros.com will investigate occurrences that may involve such violations and may involve, and cooperate with, law enforcement authorities in prosecuting users who are involved in such violations. you agree not to use any device, software or routine to interfere or attempt to interfere with the proper working of this site or any activity being conducted on this site. you agree, further, not to use or attempt to use any engine, software, tool, agent or other device or mechanism (including without limitation browsers, spiders, robots, avatars or intelligent agents) to navigate or search this site other than the search engine and search agents available from appliancepartspros.com on this site and other than generally available third party web browsers (e.g., microsoft explorer, netscape navigator, etc.). order acceptance please note that there may be certain orders that we are unable to accept and must cancel. we reserve the right, at our sole discretion, to refuse or cancel any order for any reason. for your convenience, you will not be charged until your payment method is authorized, the order information is verified for accuracy and your order is shipped. some situations that may result in your order being canceled include limitations on quantities available for purchase, inaccuracies or errors in product or pricing information, or problems identified by our credit and fraud avoidance department. we may also require additional verifications or information before accepting any order. we will contact you if all or any portion of your order is canceled or if additional information is required to accept your order. if your order is canceled after your credit card has been charged, we will issue a credit to your credit card in the amount of the charge. pricing information while appliancepartspros.com strives to provide accurate product and pricing information, pricing, typographical or other errors may occur. appliancepartspros.com cannot confirm the price of an item until after you order. in the event that an item is listed at an incorrect price or with incorrect information due to an error, appliancepartspros.com shall have the right, at our sole discretion, to refuse or cancel any orders placed for that item. in the event that an item is mispriced, appliancepartspros.com may, at our discretion, either contact you for instructions or cancel your order and notify you of such cancellation. prices and availability are subject to change without notice. copyrights and trademarks unless otherwise noted, all contents are copyrights, trademarks, trade dress and/or other intellectual property owned, controlled or licensed by appliancepartspros.com, one of its affiliates or by third parties who have licensed their materials to appliancepartspros.com and are protected by u.s. and international copyright laws. the compilation (meaning the collection, arrangement, and assembly) of all contents on this site is the exclusive property of appliancepartspros.com and is also protected by u.s. and international copyright laws. some diagrams on the site are the property of the referenced manufacturer, such as maytag or whirlpool, etc. appliancepartspros.com and its suppliers and licensors expressly reserve all intellectual property rights in all text, programs, products, processes, technology, content and other materials which appear on this site. access to this site does not confer and shall not be considered as conferring upon anyone any license under any of appliancepartspros.com's or any third party's intellectual property rights. the appliancepartspros.com logos and all related product and service names, design marks and slogans are the trademarks or service marks of appliancepartspros.com, inc. all other marks are the property of their respective companies. no trademark or service mark license is granted in connection with the materials contained on this site. access to this site does not authorize anyone to use any name, logo or mark in any manner. references on this site to any names, marks, products or services of third parties or hypertext links to third party sites or information are provided solely as a convenience to you and do not in any way constitute or imply appliancepartspros.com's endorsement, sponsorship or recommendation of the third party, information, product or service. appliancepartspros.com is not responsible for the content of any third party sites and does not make any representations regarding the content or accuracy of material on such sites. if you decide to link to any such third party web sites, you do so entirely at your own risk. user reviews, feedback, submissions, comments, inventions all reviews, comments, questions, feedback, postcards, suggestions, ideas, directions, instructions, and other submissions disclosed, submitted or offered to appliancepartspros.com on or by this site or otherwise disclosed, submitted or offered in connection with your use of this site (collectively, the "comments") shall be and remain appliancepartspros.com's property. such disclosure, submission or offer of any comments shall constitute an assignment to appliancepartspros.com of all worldwide rights, titles and interests in all copyrights and other intellectual properties in the comments. thus, appliancepartspros.com will own exclusively all such rights, titles and interests and shall not be limited in any way in its use, commercial or otherwise, of any comments. appliancepartspros.com will be entitled to use, reproduce, disclose, modify, adapt, create derivative works from, publish, display and distribute any comments you submit for any purpose whatsoever, without restriction and without compensating you in any way. appliancepartspros.com is and shall be under no obligation (1) to maintain any comments in confidence; (2) to pay to user any compensation for any comments; or (3) to respond to any user comments. you agree that any comments submitted by you to the site will not violate this policy or any right of any third party, including copyright, trademark, privacy or other personal or proprietary right(s), and will not cause injury to any person or entity. you further agree that no comments submitted by you to the site will be or contain libelous or otherwise unlawful, threatening, abusive or obscene material, or contain software viruses, political campaigning, commercial solicitation, chain letters, mass mailings or any form of "spam". appliancepartspros.com does not regularly review posted comments, but does reserve the right (but not the obligation) to monitor and edit or remove any comments submitted to the site. you grant appliancepartspros.com the right to use the name that you submit in connection with any comments. you agree not to use a false email address, impersonate any person or entity, or otherwise mislead as to the origin of any comments you submit. you are and shall remain solely responsible for the content of any comments you make and you agree to indemnify appliancepartspros.com and its affiliates for all claims resulting from any comments you submit. appliancepartspros.com and its affiliates take no responsibility and assume no liability for any comments submitted or used by you or by any third party, or submitted by appliancepartspros.com or its affiliates. you agree that your use of or reliance on any of the comments shall be at your own risk. indemnification you agree to defend, indemnify and hold harmless appliancepartspros.com and its affiliates from and against any and all claims, damages, costs and expenses, including attorneys' fees, arising from or related to your use of the site. termination these terms of use are effective unless and until terminated by either you or appliancepartspros.com. you may terminate this agreement at any time, provided that you discontinue any further use of this site. appliancepartspros.com also may terminate this agreement at any time and may do so immediately without notice, and accordingly deny you access to the site, if in appliancepartspros.com's sole discretion you fail to comply with any term or provision of this agreement. upon any termination of the agreement by either you or appliancepartspros.com, you must promptly destroy all materials downloaded or otherwise obtained from this site, as well as all copies of such materials, whether made under the terms of use or otherwise. appliancepartspros.com's rights to any comments, and rights to indemnity, shall survive any termination of this agreement. disclaimer this site is provided by appliancepartspros.com on an "as is" and "as available" basis. appliancepartspros.com makes no representations or warranties of any kind, express or implied, as to the operation of the site or the information, content, materials, or products included on this site. to the full extent permissible by applicable law, appliancepartspros.com disclaims all warranties, express or implied, including, but not limited to, implied warranties of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose. without limiting the foregoing, appliancepartspros.com disclaims any and all warranties, express or implied, for any merchandise offered on this site. you acknowledge, by your use of the appliancepartspros.com web site, that your use of the site is at your sole risk. this disclaimer does not apply to any product warranty offered by the manufacturer of the item. this disclaimer constitutes an essential part of this agreement. limitation of liability under no circumstances and under no legal or equitable theory, whether in tort, contract, strict liability or otherwise, shall appliancepartspros.com or any of its affiliates, employees, directors, officers, agents, vendors or suppliers be liable to you or to any other person for any exemplary, punitive, indirect, special, incidental or consequential losses or damages of any nature arising out of or in connection with the use of or inability to use the appliancepartspros.com web site, including, without limitation, damages for lost profits, loss of goodwill, loss of data, work stoppage, accuracy of results, or computer failure or malfunction, even if an authorized representative of appliancepartspros.com has been advised of or should have known of the possibility of such damages. in no event will appliancepartspros.com be liable for any damages in excess of the fees paid by you in connection with your use of the site during the six month period preceding the date on which the claim arose. general this agreement represents the complete agreement between the parties and supersedes all prior agreements and representations between them. headings used in these terms of use are for reference purposes only and in no way define or limit the scope of the section. if any provision of this agreement is held to be unenforceable for any reason, such provision shall be reformed only to the extent necessary to make it enforceable and the other terms of this agreement shall remain in full force and effect. the failure of appliancepartspros.com to act with respect to a breach of this agreement by you or others does not constitute a waiver and shall not limit appliancepartspros.com's rights with respect to such breach or any subsequent breaches. this agreement cannot be modified or waived except in a writing signed by the president of appliancepartspros.com. this agreement shall be governed by and construed under california law without regard to conflicts of law provisions. any action or proceeding arising out of or related to this agreement or your use of this site must be brought in the state or federal courts located in los angeles, california, and you consent to the exclusive venue in and personal jurisdiction of said courts. your representations you represent that you are not under any legal or other disability which limits your ability to comply with these terms or to install and use the products you purchase with minimal risk of harm to you or others. you further represent that you are not purchasing the products for resale to others and will not do so without appliancepartspros.com's prior written consent. orders order history returns returns account manage my account username and password manage address book customer service customer service center we are safe, secure, dependable and trusted about us our story core values locations rave reviews affiliates program my account sign in my account order history shopping cart our policies terms of use privacy policy site map customer service contact us returns shipping service center fault codes live chat we're on twitter, facebook & google+ appliancepartspros.com california 16501 ventura blvd. ste. 500, encino, ca 91436 1-877-477-7278 tennessee 240 edwards st. s. e., cleveland, tn 37311 1-877-477-7278 ©2000 - 2013 appliance parts pros.com®. all rights reserved.