来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20211217110550/https://www.appliancepartspros.com/customerservice/privacy.aspx
================================================================================

privacy policy - appliancepartspros.com getting your parts... we're open and continuing to ship packages on time! learn about our response to covid-19 customer support 7 days a week chat with a pro call 1-877-477-7278 sign in about us repair forum my account order status shop for parts get repair help checkout items in cart: total $0.00 customer service privacy & shopping guarantee privacy appliancepartspros.com, inc. (“company,” “we,” “our,” “us”) respects your privacy and is committed to protecting it for our customers, visitors and users of the website (“you”) through our compliance with this privacy policy (this “privacy policy”). this privacy policy describes the types of information we may collect from you or that you may provide when you visit or interact our website: www.appliancepartspros.com or any other website owned and/or operated by the company and including any content, functionality and services offered thereon or through it (the “website”) and our practices for collecting, using, maintaining, protecting and disclosing that information. this privacy policy applies to information we collect: on the website; in email, text and other messages or communications between you and the company; through mobile and desktop applications you may download from the website, which provide dedicated non-browser-based interaction between you and the website; when you interact with our advertising and applications on third-party websites and services, if those applications or advertising include links to this privacy policy; when you provide us information whether through the website or offline; when you interact with us offline or through any other means, including on any other website operated by company or any third party (including our affiliates and subsidiaries) it does not apply to information collected by any third party, including through any application or content (including advertising) that may link to or be accessible from or on the website. please read this privacy policy carefully to understand our policies and practices regarding your information and how we will treat it. if you do not agree with our policies and practices, your choice is not to use the website. by accessing or using the website, you agree to this privacy policy. this privacy policy may change from time to time. your continued use of the website or continued interaction or communication with the company after we make changes is deemed to be acceptance of those changes, so please check this privacy policy periodically for updates. california residents may have additional rights regarding the collection of their personal information. if you are a california resident, please see our privacy policy notice for california residents below for more information. information we collect about you and how we collect it we collect several types of information from and about users and visitors of the website and customers we interact with, including information: by which you may be personally identified, such as name, postal address, billing address, e-mail address, telephone number, payment and other financial information, credit history and information, or any other similar information or identifier by which you may be contacted online or offline (“personal information”); that is about you but individually does not identify you; and about your network information such as internet connection, history or activity information, the equipment you use to access the website and usage details and interactions with the website. we collect this information: directly from you when you provide it to the company; automatically as you navigate through the website. information collected automatically may include usage details, ip addresses and information collected through cookies, web beacons and other tracking technologies; and from third parties, for example, our business partners. information you provide to us the information we collect that you may provide to use may include: information that you provide by filling in forms on or off the website. this includes information provided at the time of registering to use online ordering and payment system on the website, subscribing to or using our service or communications with the company, posting material, or requesting further services, products, or information. we may also ask you for information when you enter a contest or promotion sponsored by us and when you report a problem with the website; records and copies of your correspondence (including email addresses), if you contact us; records or copies of information to maintain customer accounts and keep records of transactions; your responses to surveys that we might ask you to complete for research purposes; details of transactions you carry out through the website and of the fulfillment of your orders. you may be required to provide financial information before placing an order through the website; your search queries on the website. you also may provide information to be published or displayed (hereinafter, “posted”) on public areas of the website or transmitted to other users of the website or third parties (collectively, “user contributions”). your user contributions are posted on and transmitted to others at your own risk. although we may limit access to certain pages or you may set certain privacy settings for such information by logging into your account profile, please be aware that no security measures are perfect or impenetrable. additionally, we cannot control the actions of other users of the website or through third party websites with whom you may choose to share your user contributions. therefore, we cannot and do not guarantee that your user contributions will not be viewed by unauthorized persons. information we collect through automatic data collection technologies as you navigate through and interact with the website, we may use automatic data collection technologies to collect certain information about your equipment, browsing actions and patterns, including: details of your visits to the website, including traffic data, location data, logs and other communication data and the resources that you access and use on the website. information about your computer and internet connection, including your ip address, operating system and browser type. the information we collect automatically is only statistical data and does not include personal information, but we may maintain it or associate it with personal information we collect in other ways or receive from third parties. it helps us to improve the website and to deliver a better and more personalized service, including by enabling us to: estimate our audience size and usage patterns; store information about your preferences, allowing us to customize the website according to your individual interests; speed up your searches; recognize you when you return to the website. the technologies we use for this automatic data collection may include: cookies (or browser cookies). a cookie is a small file placed on the hard drive of your computer. you may refuse to accept browser cookies by activating the appropriate setting on your browser. however, if you select this setting you may be unable to access certain parts of the website. unless you have adjusted your browser setting so that it will refuse cookies, our system will issue cookies when you direct your browser to the website. flash cookies. certain features of the website may use local stored objects (or flash cookies) to collect and store information about your preferences and navigation to, from and on the website. flash cookies are not managed by the same browser settings as are used for browser cookies. web beacons. pages of the website and our emails may contain small electronic files known as web beacons (also referred to as clear gifs, pixel tags and single-pixel gifs) that permit the company, for example, to count users who have visited those pages or opened an email and for other related website statistics (for example, recording the popularity of certain website content and verifying system and server integrity). we do not collect personal information automatically, but we may tie this information to personal information about you that we collect from other sources or you provide to us. third-party use of cookies and other tracking technologies some content or applications, including advertisements, on the website may be served by third parties, including advertisers, ad networks and servers, content providers and application providers. these third parties may use cookies alone or in conjunction with web beacons or other tracking technologies to collect information about you when you use the website. the information they collect may be associated with your personal information or they may collect information, including personal information, about your online activities over time and across different websites and other online services. they may use this information to provide you with interest-based (behavioral) advertising or other targeted content. we do not control these third parties’ tracking technologies or how they may be used. if you have any questions about an advertisement or other targeted content, you should contact the responsible provider directly. how we use your information we may use information that we collect about you or that you provide to us, including any personal information: to present the website and its contents to you; to provide you with information, products, or services that you request from us; to fulfill any other purpose for which you provide it; to provide you with notices about your account, orders, shipments and other similar account and purchase order information and notices; to carry out our obligations and enforce our rights arising from any contracts entered into between you and us, including for billing and collection; to notify you about changes to the website or any products or services we offer or provide; to allow you to participate in interactive features on the website; to respond to any product warranty issues which you request from us; in any other way we may describe when you provide the information; and for any other purpose with your consent. we may also use your personal information to contact you about our own goods and services that may be of interest to you. if you do not want us to use your information in this way, please check the relevant box located on the form on which we collect your data, your order form, or adjust your user preferences in your account profile, as applicable. we may use the information, including personal information, we have collected from you to enable us to display advertisements to our advertisers’ target audiences. even though we do not disclose your personal information for these purposes without your consent, if you click on or otherwise interact with an advertisement, the advertiser may assume that you meet its target criteria. disclosure of your information we may disclose aggregated information and information that does not identify any individual visitor of the website without restriction. we may disclose your information, including personal information that we collect or you provide as described in this privacy policy: to our subsidiaries and affiliates; to contractors, service providers and other third parties we use to support our business and who are bound by contractual obligations to keep personal information confidential and use it only for the purposes for which we disclose it to them; to a buyer or other successor in the event of a merger, divestiture, restructuring, reorganization, dissolution, or other sale or transfer of some or all of the company’s assets, whether as a going concern or as part of bankruptcy, liquidation, or similar proceeding, in which personal information held by the company about the website users is among the assets transferred; to fulfill the purpose for which you provide it; for any other purpose disclosed by us when you provide the information; or with your consent. we may also disclose your information, including personal information: to comply with any court order, law, or legal process, including to respond to any government or regulatory request; to enforce or apply our website terms of use , privacy policy notice for california residents and other agreements, including for billing and collection purposes; or if we believe disclosure is necessary or appropriate to protect the rights, property, or safety of the company, our customers, or others. this includes exchanging information with other companies and organizations for the purposes of fraud protection and credit risk reduction. choices about how we use and disclose your information we strive to provide you with choices regarding the information you provide to us. we have created mechanisms to provide you with the following control over your information: tracking technologies and advertising. you can set your browser to refuse all or some browser cookies, or to alert you when cookies are being sent. to learn how you can manage your flash cookie settings, visit the flash player settings page on adobe’s website. if you disable or refuse cookies, please note that some parts of this site may then be inaccessible or not function properly. we do not control third parties’ collection or use of your information. however, these third parties may provide you with ways to choose not to have your information collected or used in this way. you can opt out of receiving targeted ads from members of the network advertising initiative (“nai”) on the nai’s website. accessing and correcting your information you can review and change your personal information by logging into the website and visiting your account profile page. you may also send us an email at legal@appliancepartspros.com to request access to, correct or delete any personal information that you have provided to us. in some cases, we cannot delete your personal information except by also deleting your user account. we may not accommodate a request to change personal information if we believe the change would violate any law or legal requirement or cause the information to be incorrect or if the information falls under any exception to any law or legal requirement entitling the company to retain such information. please note that, if you delete any user contributions from the website or third party websites, copies of your user contributions may remain viewable in cached and archived pages, or might have been copied or stored by other website users. proper access and use of information provided on the website, including user contributions, are governed by our website terms of use. data rights we respond to all requests that we receive from individuals who wish to exercise their data protection rights in accordance with applicable data protection laws and comply with all requests in accordance with our obligations under certain laws and regulations of which we are obligated to comply. depending on your residency and our legal obligations, in certain circumstances you may have the following rights: you may choose to access, correct, update, or request deletion of your personal information; you may object to processing of your personal information; you may withdraw your consent at any time if we have collected and processed your information with your consent. withdrawing your consent will not affect the lawfulness of any processing that we conducted prior to your withdrawal, nor will it affect processing of your information conducted in reliance on lawful processing grounds other than consent; or if you have any questions or requests related to your personal information or how the company processes them, please contact the company at legal@appliancepartspros.com. proof of identity and other verification information will be required to protect personal data against unauthorized access. any personal data collected to respond to an inquiry or fulfill a request may be retained for 90 days or as required or permitted under any applicable law after request closure and then deleted. this will allow for follow-up processing as necessary. if you are a california resident, california law may provide you with additional rights regarding our use of your personal information. to learn more about your california privacy rights, visit our privacy policy notice for california residents below. data security we have implemented measures designed to secure your personal information from accidental loss and from unauthorized access, use, alteration, and disclosure. all information, including personal information, you provide to us is stored on our secure servers behind firewalls in the united states unless legally required to be kept elsewhere. any payment transactions and financial payment information will be encrypted using ssl technology. we do not process payment information through the website. for more information about your personal information please visit our third party payment processor paypal and payeezy. the safety and security of your information also depends on you. where we have given you (or where you have chosen) a password for access to certain parts of the website, you are responsible for keeping this password confidential. we ask you not to share your password with anyone. we urge you to be careful about giving out information in public areas of the website like message boards. the information you share in public areas may be viewed by any user of the website. unfortunately, the transmission of information via the internet is not completely secure. although we do our best to protect your personal information, we cannot guarantee the security of your personal information transmitted to the website. any transmission of personal information is at your own risk. we are not responsible for circumvention of any privacy settings or security measures contained on the website. children under age 18 the website is not intended for children under 18 years of age. no one under age 18 may provide any information to or on the website. we do not knowingly collect personal information from children under 18. if you are under 18, do not use or provide any information on the website or through any of its features, register on the website, make any purchases through the website or with the company, use any of the interactive or public comment features of the website, or provide any information about yourself to us, including your name, address, telephone number, email address or any screen name or user name you may use. if we learn we have collected or received information from a child under 18 without verification of parental consent, we will delete that information. if you believe we might have any information from or about a child under 18, please contact us at legal@appliancepartspros.com. changes to our privacy policy it is our policy to post any changes we make to this privacy policy on this page. the date this privacy policy was last modified is identified at the top of the page. you are responsible for periodically visiting the website and this privacy policy to check for any changes. your continued use of the website or continued interaction or communication with the company following the posting of any changes to this privacy policy constitutes your acceptance of such changes. contact information to ask questions or comment about this privacy policy and our privacy practices, contact us at: legal@appliancepartspros.com privacy policy notice for california residents this privacy policy notice for california residents (this “privacy notice”) supplements the information contained in appliancepartspros.com, inc.’s (“company,” “we,” “our,” or “us”) privacy policy (“privacy policy”) and applies to all customers, suppliers, distributors, visitors, users, and other persons or entities of our website who reside in the state of california (“you”) and meet the definition of “consumer” under the california consumer privacy act of 2018 (the “ccpa”). we adopt this privacy notice to comply with the ccpa. any terms defined in the ccpa and in our privacy policy have the same meaning when used in this privacy notice. where noted in this privacy notice, the ccpa temporarily exempts personal information reflecting a written or verbal business-to-business communication (“b2b personal information”) from some of its requirements. information we collect. the company’s privacy policy describes the personal information (“personal information”) that we collect, the sources from which we collect it, the purposes for which we use it, the limited circumstances under which we share it, and with whom we share it. these disclosures are required by the ccpa. in particular, we have collected the following ccpa categories of personal information within the last twelve (12) months: category 1 examples collected a. identifiers such as your name, address, internet protocol address, email address, account name, or other similar identifiers. yes b. personal information categories such as your signature, telephone number, bank, credit card or debit card number, other financial information or other personal information categories listed cal. civ. code § 1798.80(e). yes c. protected classifications age, race, color, ancestry, national origin, citizenship, or other protected classification characteristics under california or federal law. no d. commercial information such as records of products or services purchased. yes e. biometric information such as keystroke, voice, etc. no f. internet or network activity such as browsing history, search history, etc. yes g. geolocation data such as physical location. yes h. sensory data such as audio, electronic, visual information, etc. yes i. professional or employment-related information such as current or past job history. no j. non-public education information such as grades, transcripts, etc. no k. inferences drawn from other personal information such as your preferences, characteristics, etc.. no sharing personal information. in the preceding twelve (12) months, company has disclosed personal information for a business purpose: identifiers personal information categories commercial information internet or network activity geolocation data sensory data in the preceding twelve (12) months, company has not sold personal information. your rights and choices. the ccpa provides california residents with specific rights regarding their personal information. this section describes your ccpa rights and explains how to exercise those rights. right to know and data portability. you have the right to request that we disclose certain information to you about our collection and use of your personal information over the past 12 months (the “right to know”). once we receive your right to know request and confirm your identity, we will disclose to you: the categories of personal information collected about you; the categories of sources of personal information collected about you; our business or commercial purpose for collecting that personal information; the categories of third parties with whom we share that personal information; if we disclosed your personal information for a business purpose, a lists disclosing our disclosures for a business purpose that identifies the personal information categories that each category of recipient obtained; and the specific pieces of personal information we collected about you. we do not provide a right to know disclosure for business to business (“b2b”) personal information. right to delete. you have the right to request that we delete any of your personal information that we collected from you and retained, subject to certain exceptions (the “right to delete”). once we receive your request to delete and confirm your identity, we will review your request to see if an exception allowing us to retain the information applies. we may deny your deletion request if retaining the information is necessary for us or our service provider(s) to: complete the transaction for which we collected the personal information, provide a good or service that you requested, take actions reasonably anticipated within the context of our ongoing business relationship with you, fulfill the terms of a written warranty or product recall conducted in accordance with federal law, or otherwise perform our contract with you; detect security incidents, protect against malicious, deceptive, fraudulent, or illegal activity, or prosecute those responsible for such activities; comply with a legal obligation; or make other internal and lawful uses of that information that are compatible with the context in which you provided it. we do not provide these deletion rights for b2b personal information. exercising your rights to know or delete. to exercise your right to know or right to delete described above, please submit a request by either: emailing us at legal@appliancepartspros.com mailing us at appliancepartspros.com c/o: legal department 240 edwards st se cleveland, tn 37311 only you, or someone legally authorized to act on your behalf, may make a request to right to know or right to delete related to your personal information. you may only submit a request twice within a 12-month period. your request to right to know or right to delete must: provide sufficient information that allows us to reasonably verify you are the person about whom we collected personal information or an authorized representative; and describe your request with sufficient detail that allows us to properly understand, evaluate, and respond to it. we cannot respond to your request or provide you with personal information if we cannot verify your identity or authority to make the request and confirm the personal information relates to you. we will only use personal information provided in the request to verify the requestor’s identity or authority to make it. response timing and format. we endeavor to substantively respond to a verifiable consumer request within forty-five (45) days of its receipt. if we require more time (up to another 45 days), we will inform you of the reason and extension period in writing. we will deliver our written response electronically. any disclosures we provide will only cover the 12-month period preceding our receipt of your request. the response we provide will also explain the reasons we cannot comply with a request, if applicable. we do not charge a fee to process or respond to your verifiable consumer request unless it is excessive, repetitive, or manifestly unfounded. if we determine that the request warrants a fee, we will tell you why we made that decision and provide you with a cost estimate before completing your request. other california privacy rights. california’s “shine the light” law (civil code section § 1798.83) permits users of the website that are california residents to request certain information regarding our disclosure of personal information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes. we do not disclose your personal information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes. changes to our privacy notice. we reserve the right to amend this privacy notice or our privacy policy at our discretion and at any time. when we make changes to this privacy notice, we will post the updated notice on the website and update the notice’s effective date. your continued use of the website or continued interaction or communication with the company following the posting of changes constitutes your acceptance of such changes. contact information. if you have any questions or comments about this privacy notice, the ways in which the company collects and uses your information described herein and in the privacy policy or your choices and rights regarding such use, or wish to exercise your rights under california law, please do not hesitate to contact us at: emailing us at legal@appliancepartspros.com mailing us at appliancepartspros.com c/o: legal department 240 edwards st se cleveland, tn 37311 orders order history returns returns account manage my account username and password manage address book customer service customer service center we are safe, secure, dependable and trusted newsletter signup receive discounts, usage tips, and recall notices. google + facebook twitter liked your experience? share the good news, like us, and tweet. rave reviews "i thought it was the best online shopping experience that i have ever had when it comes to parts." eric h. virginia beach, va "your service people are so friendly and helpful. i had so many questions and they answered them all." sharon s. kansas city, ks "robin went above and beyond the call to assist me and i was very impressed." val t. mesquite, tx "when you say 'fast shipping', you aren't kidding!" warnie m. sarasota, fl "best customer service experience i ever had." christine g. irvington, ny "i love seeing customer service excellence, seeing follow through on promises." gregory r. honolulu, hi about us diy blog our story core values locations rave reviews affiliates program job listings my account sign in my account order history shopping cart our policies terms of use privacy policy site map customer service contact us returns shipping service center fault codes california 19410 business ctr dr. northridge, ca 91324 1-877-477-7278 tennessee 240 edwards st. s. e. cleveland, tn 37311 1-877-477-7278 appliancepartspros.com customer service chat with a pro 1-877-477-7278 email us terms of use privacy policy site map ©1999 - 2021 appliancepartspros.com®. all rights reserved. live chat we are here to help you! you’ll get a reply shortly. we typically reply in a few minutes connecting with agent... please introduce yourself to start live chat start chatting thank you for chatting with us. we are always happy to help you! re-start chat are you sure you want to leave the chat? connection with the agent will be lost leave the chat do you want to continue chat or start new sesson? start new chat continue