来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20231217023338/https://www.appliancepartspros.com/refrigerator-filter.html
================================================================================

refrigerator filter parts - order today, ships today getting your parts... customer support 6 days a week chat with a pro call or text 1-877-477-7278 sign in about us repair forum my account order status shop for parts get repair help checkout items in cart: total $0.00 dishwasher parts dryer parts microwave parts range & oven parts refrigerator parts washer parts all appliance parts find your parts refrigerator parts search by model number (recommended) search by part number all appliance types air conditioner parts attachment parts blender parts chainsaw parts chipper shredder parts chore performer parts coffee maker parts dehumidifier parts dethatchers & verticutter parts dishwasher parts dryer parts edger parts engine parts food processor parts freezer parts garbage disposal parts generator parts griddle parts grill & smoker parts ice machine parts lawn mower parts leaf blower parts log splitter parts microwave parts mixer parts pruner parts range / cooktop / oven parts range hood parts refrigerator parts room air conditioner parts snow removal equipment parts tiller parts tractor parts trash compactor parts trimmer parts vacuum parts warming drawer parts washer parts washer dryer combo parts - help me find mymodel number home all partsrefrigerator parts refrigerator filter parts need help? get questions answered instantly. 1-877-477-7278 shop by brand refrigerator repair help sort by part popularity part name part number part price previous page page 1 of 12 next page whirlpool everydrop refrigerator water filter 3 best seller manufacturer part our price $63.38 compare at $70.80 you save $7.42 quantityadd to cart (184) mfg number edr3rxd1 in stock ships today guaranteed the whirlpool everydrop water filter 3 is a genuine oem replacement part designed to improve the quality and taste of water while filtering out impurities. this filter is specifically designed for side-by-side refrigerators that accept filter 3. contains the ability to reduce 66 contaminants including lead, mercury, asbestos, and industrial chemicals. it helps to provide clean, fresh-tasting water. the filter needs to be changed every 6 months or 200 gallons for optimal performance. the fast and easy filter change requires no special tools. simply push until you hear the receiver click into place. this nsf-certified filter is a reliable and affordable way to ensure that your family is drinking clean, refreshing water. sold individually specs: filter media: carbon block operating pressure: 30-120 psi operating temperature: 33-100 °f flow rate: 0.5 gpm material: plastic color: white approximate dimensions: 12 inches long, 2 inches in diameter this part fixes the following symptoms not dispensing water see more... do-it-yourself stories from customers like you water dispenser stopped working.   mark s. • eliot, me • january 13, 2021 i watched the appliance parts pros repair video and decided to remove the front panel to diagnose the problem. while the repair video is excellent, i could not remove the ice/water dispenser front panel with a putty knife. on my model, 106.56234400, there is no clip that can be released by sliding a putty knife up under the front panel. it took a little effort but i was able to pop the left lower corner clip just by pulling it out with my fingers. once the cover was off i could see that the... read more whirlpool everydrop ice and refrigerator water filter 1 best seller manufacturer part our price $62.78 compare at $71.35 you save $8.57 quantityadd to cart (93) mfg number edr1rxd1 in stock ships today guaranteed the whirlpool everydrop ice and refrigerator water filter 1 is an oem replacement part for whirlpool refrigerators. this filter works to remove small particles from water to ensure clean, great-tasting ice and drinking water directly from the refrigerator door.  measuring approximately 2.50 x 2.50 x 8.69 inches, this filter is easy to install. for optimal performance, we recommend replacing the filter every six months. the filter material is made from coconut carbon block, which has a micron rating of 0.5 and a flow rate of 0.5 gpm. the filter is designed to operate at a maximum pressure of 125 psi and an operating temperature of 38-100°. symptoms of a filter needing replacement include: gradual decline in water/ice quality over time exhibiting muddy appearance or odd tastes filter life indicator appears showing it is time for a new one causes stem from normal usage over the stated capacity of the original filter. allowing one to expire could produce unhealthy water. this oem replacement part is compatible with select maytag, jenn-air, and amana models as well. this part fixes the following symptoms not dispensing water see more... do-it-yourself stories from customers like you a light came on telling me to order a water filter   lanell j. • crab orchard, tn • november 07, 2014 i ordered the water filter and when it came in i replaced the one in the fridge, held the button down for 3 seconds and the light went off. read more ge smartwater mwfp refrigerator water filter best seller manufacturer part our price $58.49 compare at $84.60 you save $26.11 quantityadd to cart (123) mfg number mwfp in stock ships today guaranteed the water filter is an oem part for ge refrigerators. this filter removes or reduces various contaminants. features and benefits: easy diy replacement, typically mounted inside the refrigerator at the back of the compartment. removes or reduces various contaminants in your water and ice, including lead, cysts, asbestos, atrazine, , taste and odor, chlorine, sediment, turbidity, and more nsf/ansi 42 and 53 standards 6 month lifespan filter carbon block media micron rating: 0.5-1 micron (class i) when to replace your filter: bad taste or odor in water and ice cloudy or discolored ice reduced water flow or pressure refrigerator replace filter indicator light is on note: if replacing the culligan metal canister design filter for the first time, a special adapter, part number ap2615702 is needed, which is not included with this part. the compatible bypass cap is part number ap6891551. this oem ge part can also be used on hotpoint, rca, and kenmore/sears appliances. this part fixes the following symptoms ice maker dispenses too little ice not dispensing water ice maker won't dispense ice see more... do-it-yourself stories from customers like you ice would not dispense   steven a. • magnolia, tx • june 23, 2014 by visiting your website, viewing the repair instructions and ordering the right parts. very easy to understand and to do the repair.. read more refrigerator water filter best seller manufacturer part our price $63.38 compare at $72.00 you save $8.62 quantityadd to cart (97) mfg number edr4rxd1 in stock ships today guaranteed the water filter is an oem part for whirlpool refrigerators. it is designed to filter and purify the water for your refrigerator, ensuring clean and fresh drinking water and ice. a bad refrigerator water filter can be caused by regular use and the buildup of contaminants over time. it may also become less effective if not replaced according to the manufacturer's recommended schedule. symptoms of a bad refrigerator water filter include: a decrease in water flow or water pressure. an unpleasant taste or odor in the water. the presence of particles or sediment in the water. cloudy or discolored ice cubes. if you notice any of these signs or if it has been more than six months since your last filter replacement, it's time to replace the refrigerator water filter with this genuine oem part. this oem whirlpool part can also be used on maytag, kitchenaid, jenn-air, amana, magic chef, admiral, norge, roper, and kenmore/sears brand appliances. this part fixes the following symptoms not dispensing water ice maker dispenses too little ice ice maker won't dispense ice see more... do-it-yourself stories from customers like you broken water valve   terry h. • brighton, co • march 24, 2014 ordered part and replaced it read more samsung refrigerator water filter best seller manufacturer part our price $59.96 compare at $71.35 you save $11.39 quantityadd to cart (41) mfg number da29-00020b in stock ships today guaranteed the water filter is an oem replacement part for samsung refrigerators. this filter provides clean and fresh-tasting water by removing harmful contaminants such as chlorine, lead, and mercury. if your current water filter is not functioning properly, it may be causing a variety of issues. some common causes of a bad filter include clogging, improper installation, or simply being past its expiration date. symptoms of a bad water filter can include a decrease in water pressure, strange tastes or odors in your water, or even discoloration. the samsung refrigerator water filter is a reliable and efficient replacement part for your samsung refrigerator. with its superior filtering capabilities and easy installation, you can enjoy fresh, clean water without any hassle! this oem samsung part can also be used on kenmore/sears appliances. this part fixes the following symptoms leaking not dispensing water see more... do-it-yourself stories from customers like you my original shelves had broken two of them and i needed a new water filter   lisa r. • bakersfield, ca • august 17, 2015 i called your company with the serial number of the fridge, and had the best service locating the exact items i needed. i placed by order . and company called to confirm my order and the method of my payment. thank you very much read more frigidaire puresource ultra ultrawf refrigerator water filter best seller manufacturer part our price $55.48 compare at $68.78 you save $13.30 quantityadd to cart (87) mfg number ultrawf in stock ships today guaranteed the water filter is an oem replacement part for frigidaire refrigerators. this puresource ultra ultrawf refrigerator water filter is designed to provide superior filtration, ensuring that your water and ice are clean and refreshing. with the frigidaire refrigerator water filter, you can enjoy up to six months of crystal-clear water and ice. for the filter bypass, order part number 242294402. get the most out of your frigidaire appliance with a new oem water filter, and enjoy clean, refreshing water and ice every time! causes of a bad part: overused or expired clogged by excessive impurities this oem frigidaire part can also be used on electrolux, frigidaire, gibson, kelvinator, westinghouse, and sears/kenmore. this part fixes the following symptoms not dispensing water leaking ice maker not making ice see more... do-it-yourself stories from customers like you ice maker stopped woprking   robert m. • greer, sc • october 08, 2015 this was a tough fix because there were two causes to my problem - a stuck water valve and a bad ice maker. i first replaced the water valve, but that did not resolve the problem. tested existing water valve and found that the valves were working properly. returned the water valve - easy rma process and no issues. replaced the ice maker and problem solved. read more frigidaire puresource 2 wf2cb refrigerator water filter best seller manufacturer part our price $45.82 compare at $53.55 you save $7.73 quantityadd to cart (152) mfg number wf2cb in stock ships today guaranteed this frigidaire refrigerator water filter is an oem replacement part for select frigidaire brand refrigerators with a slide-out cartridge in the front compartment. your refrigerator water filter reduces the chorine taste and odor from your water. it also effectively helps filter out sediment, including dirt, sand, and rust, the filter is easy to install without the need for special tools and should be changed every 6 months. with an operating temperature range of 33-100°f and a pressure range of 30-100 psi, this oem part offers reliable performance. the filter measures approximately 6-3/4" x 5-1/4" x 2-1/4" and features a high-grade coconut carbon filter media. for filter bypass order 242227702. this part fixes the following symptoms ice maker dispenses too little ice touchpad does not respond leaking see more... do-it-yourself stories from customers like you water overflowing from ice maker   denton h. • holcomb, ms • november 09, 2014 replaced ice maker read more frigidaire puresource ultra ii refrigerator water & ice filter best seller manufacturer part our price $59.06 compare at $63.66 you save $4.60 quantityadd to cart (11) mfg number eptwfu01 in stock ships today guaranteed the frigidaire puresource ultra ii refrigerator water & ice filter is an oem part for frigidaire refrigerators provides clean, fresh-tasting water and ice. this advanced filtration system is specifically engineered to remove impurities and contaminants from your water supply, including lead, chlorine, mercury, and certain pesticides, without removing beneficial fluoride. regular replacement of the water and ice filter is crucial for maintaining the quality of your drinking water and the efficiency of your refrigerator's water and ice dispensing system. over time, filters can become saturated with contaminants, reducing their effectiveness and potentially impacting the taste and safety of your water. symptoms of a filter in need of replacement include: reduced water flow from the dispenser unpleasant taste or odor in the water and ice the refrigerator's water filter indicator light turning on this oem frigidaire part can also be used on electrolux, frigidaire, gibson, kelvinator, westinghouse, and sears/kenmore. do-it-yourself stories from customers like you needed new water filter for refrig   thomas f. • wallingford, ct • november 19, 2018 change filter read more electrolux pureadvantage eafcbf refrigerator air filter best seller manufacturer part our price $18.50 compare at $22.02 you save $3.52 quantityadd to cart (46) mfg number eafcbf in stock ships today guaranteed the air filter is an oem part for frigidaire refrigerators designed to enhance the air quality inside the refrigerator, ensuring that food stays fresh and odor-free. the air filter helps to remove unwanted odors and impurities from the refrigerator's circulating air. it absorbs and neutralizes common food odors, keeping your fridge smelling clean and pleasant. the activated carbon filter is 7 times more effective than baking soda at removing odors. for best results, change filter every 6 months. color: black. measures about 7 inches wide by 5 inches deep. symptoms of a bad air filter include: lingering food odors inside the refrigerator increased presence of stale or unpleasant smells decreased effectiveness in eliminating odors replace your air filter with this genuine part to ensure a clean and fresh-smelling refrigerator. this oem frigidaire part can also be used on electrolux, frigidaire, gibson, kelvinator, westinghouse, and sears/kenmore. do-it-yourself stories from customers like you freezer dripping water from the front corner.   terri b. • huntington beach, ca • august 08, 2021 i believe we had two problems. our gasket was ripped in several places and our drain pan line was clogged. therefore the water was frozen and backing up into the freezer. replacing the gasket is an easy job and could possibly be done quickly enough that you don’t have to remove your freezer food items if you don’t discover additional problems during the process. the most time-consuming part is the approximately 40 screws that hold the freezer door shelf panel and gasket to the door itself. ... read more water filter base best seller manufacturer part our price $47.00 compare at $56.40 you save $9.40 quantityadd to cart (79) mfg number 242009602 in stock ships today guaranteed the water filter base is an oem part for frigidaire refrigerators. it serves as the housing and connection point for the refrigerator's water filter, ensuring that the water dispensed and used for ice making is clean and free from contaminants. this base is crucial for maintaining the integrity of the water filtration system, securely holding the water filter in place and facilitating a leak-free connection to the refrigerator's water supply. causes of a bad water filter base can include cracks or damage from accidental impact, wear and tear over time, or improper installation of the water filter. symptoms of a bad water filter base include: leaking water from the filter area difficulty in installing or removing the water filter reduced water flow to the dispenser or ice maker unusual noises when the water dispenser is used this oem frigidaire part can also be used on electrolux, frigidaire, gibson, kelvinator, westinghouse, and sears/kenmore. do-it-yourself stories from customers like you water filter wouldn't stay in   david p. • dayton, tx • may 15, 2016 replaced the water filter base read more 1 2 3 … 12 brands admiral refrigerator parts amana refrigerator parts bosch refrigerator parts crosley refrigerator parts dacor refrigerator parts electrolux refrigerator parts estate refrigerator parts frigidaire refrigerator parts general electric refrigerator parts gibson refrigerator parts husqvarna refrigerator parts jenn-air refrigerator parts kenmore / sears refrigerator parts kitchenaid refrigerator parts lg refrigerator parts magic chef refrigerator parts maytag refrigerator parts roper refrigerator parts samsung refrigerator parts viking refrigerator parts whirlpool refrigerator parts white westinghouse refrigerator parts common problems refrigerator not cooling refrigerator water dispenser not working refrigerator ice maker not working refrigerator ice dispenser not working refrigerator not defrosting refrigerator is noisy or loud refrigerator defrost drain clogged refrigerator freezer is cold but refrigerator is warm refrigerator leaking water refrigerator freezing food refrigerator ice and water dispenser not working refrigerator ice maker overflowing refrigerator light not working refrigerator runs constantly refrigerator coffee maker leaking refrigerator coffee maker not working refrigerator control panel not working refrigerator door not closing properly refrigerator freezer not freezing refrigerator ice is dirty refrigerator is producing a burning smell refrigerator freezer door or drawer not closing properly refrigerator has frost or moisture buildup around the door refrigerator door(s) misaligned pro tip for best results, enter your model number: narrow your choices appliances clear refrigerator brand admiral amana bosch crosley dacor electrolux estate frigidaire general electric gibson husqvarna jenn-air kenmore / sears kitchenaid lg magic chef maytag roper samsung viking whirlpool white westinghouse part type clear accessories adaptor or connector air duct or vent auger, helix, crusher blower wheel or fan bla... bracket or flange bumper, bushing, grom... cable or retainer cap or cover clip or clamp compressor & sealed sy... condenser control board damper & related defrost heater, icing kit, ... defrost thermostat, sen... defrost timer, adaptive ... dispenser divider or deflector door door stop or cam riser drawer, shelf, pan drier or accumulator drip pan evaporator filter gasket or seal grille guard, shield, barrier handle hinge hose or tube housing or cover ice bin, bucket, or tray ice door or ice chute ice maker & related insulation, sound damp... knob, dial, button latch, catch, lock leg or foot lens & related lever light, bulb, lamp manual, care guide motor nameplate, faceplate paint plug or insert relay, overload, capacit... remote control screws, nuts, washers shaft or pin spring support suppression switch tank or reservoir temperature control, col... terminal block, recepta... tool touch pad trim valve wire, harness, power co... see more... we are safe, secure, dependable and trusted newsletter signup receive discounts, usage tips, and recall notices. facebook twitter liked your experience? share the good news, like us, and tweet. rave reviews "i thought it was the best online shopping experience that i have ever had when it comes to parts." eric h. virginia beach, va "your service people are so friendly and helpful. i had so many questions and they answered them all." sharon s. kansas city, ks "robin went above and beyond the call to assist me and i was very impressed." val t. mesquite, tx "when you say 'fast shipping', you aren't kidding!" warnie m. sarasota, fl "best customer service experience i ever had." christine g. irvington, ny "i love seeing customer service excellence, seeing follow through on promises." gregory r. honolulu, hi about us diy blog our story core values locations rave reviews affiliates program job listings my account sign in my account order history shopping cart our policies terms of use privacy policy site map customer service contact us returns shipping service center fault codes california 19410 business ctr dr. northridge, ca 91324 1-877-477-7278 tennessee 240 edwards st. s. e. cleveland, tn 37311 1-877-477-7278 appliancepartspros.com customer service chat with a pro 1-877-477-7278 email us terms of use privacy policy site map ©1999 - 2024 appliancepartspros.com®. all rights reserved.