来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20241228170008/https://www.appliancepartspros.com/customerservice/legal.aspx
================================================================================

our policies - appliancepartspros.com skip to content javascript must be enabled for the correct page display 2 day quick delivery! 365 day return policy! 15 million satisfied customers over 2.1 million parts in stock free tech support! google trusted store search for parts need help? chat with a pro call or text 1-877-477-7278 my account my account my profile order history returns customer service sign in cart find by brand find by brand main menu a b c d e f g h i j k l m n o p q r s t u v w x y z a ace admiral agri-fab agway alliance amana ames amf ariens atlanta stove works ayp frigidaire home products b bbq-pro belknap big o bissell black & decker black max blue grass bolens bosch briggs & stratton broan brute builder's best c caldor caloric canadiana cenex central park char-broil clicklink coast to coast columbia companion county line craftsman crosley cub cadet cub cadet home maintenance d dacor danby dcs desa devilbiss dewalt dixon duerr dwyer dynamark dynasty e earthquake echo edina electrolux equator estate eureka eversharp f footedana forest city frigidaire g gaggenau garden groom garden king garden maid gardenway generac general electric genie gibson gladiator goldstar grass handler green thumb greenbrier guardian h happy cooker hardware hank hardwick hechinger heritage / agway hitachi homelite honda hotpoint huebsch huskee / husky husqvarna hydro-gear i icp ikea imperial inglis insinkerator j j.c. penney jade jenn-air jonsered julien k karcher kelvinator kenmore / sears kenmore elite kenmore pro king kirkland kitchenaid kleen kut kmart l lauson lawn boy lawn champ lawn chief lawn general lawn groom lawn hawk lawn pro lawnflite lct lg long life lowe's lowrance m magic chef malmo mantis mark master marvel mastercraft mastercut maytag mcclane mcculloch menu master modern maid montgomery ward mrcool mtd mtd black mtd gold mtd pro murray muskin n new englander noma norge o oem-attachments our own supreme p panasonic peerless platinum porter cable poulan power kraft power pro power streak power tech premiere presto preway proctor silex promo q quality r rally ranch king realcraft remington roper ryobi s sam's club samsung sears sears canada select series sentar sentry servistar siemens signature silver series simplicity singer snapper snow champ snow pro snowflite southern states spear edge speed queen statesman stc american sub-zero sunbeam supreme swisher t tappan task force tecumseh thermador timberland topflite toro tradesman trimmer plus troy-bilt tuff torq turf king turf power turf pro turf til turf trac turf trim u universal multiflex us stove v viking viking range w w.w. grinder wagner weber weedeater western auto western sun western tool westinghouse westminster whirlpool white outdoor white westinghouse whites wizard y yard king yard machines yard pro yard-man see all brands find by product find by product main menu appliance air conditioner parts blender parts coffee maker parts dehumidifier parts dishwasher parts dryer parts food processor parts freezer parts garbage disposal parts griddle parts grill & smoker parts ice machine parts appliance microwave parts mixer parts range / cooktop / oven parts range hood parts refrigerator parts room air conditioner parts trash compactor parts vacuum parts warming drawer parts washer parts washer dryer combo parts lawn & garden attachment parts chainsaw parts chipper shredder parts chore performer parts dethatchers & verticutter parts edger parts engine parts generator parts hedge trimmer parts lawn mower parts leaf blower parts log splitter parts power tools parts pressure washer parts pruner parts snow removal equipment parts string trimmer parts tiller parts tractor parts trimmer parts need help finding dishwasher parts? learn more find by part type find by part type main menu accessories adhesive agitator alternator, battery & charger attachment auger auger, helix, crusher axle, roller, pulley axle, roller, shaft, wheel baffle bag battery bearing bearing belt blade blower wheel or fan blade blower wheel & fan blower wheel & fan blade bracket & flange brake & clutch bumper, bushing, grommet burner & related cable or retainer cap or cover cap, lid & cover capacitor carburetor chain & bar chassis chassis or cabinet circuit board & timer cleaner & deodorizer clip or clamp complete unit compressor & sealed system control board control cable cooktop coupling or cam curtain & accordian curtain or accordian damper & related deflector & chute defrost heater, icing kit, fountain heater defrost thermostat, sensor defrost timer, adaptive defrost control diode or rectifier diode, magnetron & resistor dipstick dirt cup dishrack dispenser dispenser dispenser door door door, door glass & parts door stop or cam riser drawer drip bowl & drip pan drip pan drum & tub duct & venting engine fastener filter finished product fuse or sensor fuse, thermal fuse & breaker gas burner & control valve gasket & seal gear & related glass top or cook top glass tray, coupler & support roller grate & griddle grille grille & kickplate guard, shield, barrier guide handle heating element heating element hinge hinge hose or tube hose, tube & fitting housing or cover hydraulic system ice bin, bucket, or tray ice door or ice chute ice maker ice maker parts igniter ignition controls ignition controls ignition system insulation insulation parts insulation, sound dampening knob, dial & button latch latch latch, catch, lock leg or foot leg, foot & caster lens & related lever light, bulb, lamp lighting & light bulb lubricant magnetron manuals, care guides & literature miscellaneous motor muffler nameplate, faceplate oil plug gas conv kit oven rack & broiler pan paint paint panel pedal pedal power cord power nut or trunnion power tools pulley pump rack rack or shelf relay, overload, capacitor remote control remote control remote control safety equipment screws, nuts, washers seat sensor & thermistor shear pin shelf & shelf support basket, silverware basket skid & shoe spark module spark plug spindle splash guard spray arm & related spring starter steering steering support suspension & shock absorber suspension & shock absorption suspension & shock absorption switch tank & container temperature control, cold control terminal block, receptacle thermostat tire & rim tool touch pad touchpad transformer transmission, brake & clutch trim trimmer head tune up maintenance tune-up maintenance tune-up maintenance kit valve valve & float wash arm & wash arm support water guide wire, receptacle & wire wire, receptacle & wire connector wire, receptacle & wire harness need help finding dishwasher parts? learn more customer service customer service main menu order history service center contact us returns shipping fault codes diy blog our story core values locations rave reviews affiliates program job listings need help finding dishwasher parts? learn more get repair help my account customer service main menu my account my profile order history returns customer service sign in call or text 1-877-477-7278 need help? chat with a pro home customer service terms of use terms of use updated: 06/06/2016 introduction use of this site site security order acceptance pricing information copyrights and trademarks user reviews, feedback, submissions, comments, inventions indemnification termination disclaimer limitation of liability general applicable law your representations terms and conditions related to "diy stories" dispute resolution; informal resolution and formal resolution by arbitration/class action waiver class action waiver limited time to file claims exclusions and limitations; consumer protection notice social media 1. introduction welcome to appliancepartspros.com. this site is provided by appliancepartspros.com, inc. (referred to throughout this site as "appliancepartspros.com") as a service to our customers. please review the following terms and conditions of website use that govern your use of the appliancepartspros.com site (the "terms of use"). please note that your use of the appliancepartspros.com site (the "site") constitutes your unconditional agreement to follow and be bound by these terms of use. although you may "bookmark" a particular portion of this site and thereby bypass this agreement, your use of this site still binds you to these terms of use. appliancepartspros.com reserves the right to update or modify these terms of use at any time without prior notice to you. your use of the site following any such change constitutes your unconditional agreement to follow and be bound by these terms of use as changed. for this reason, we encourage you to review these terms of use whenever you use this site. it is your responsibility to check these terms of use each time you use this website, so that you can take note of any amendments we may make. we may add, change, discontinue, remove, or suspend any other content displayed on this website, including features and specifications of products and services described or depicted on the website, temporarily or permanently, at any time. any amendment applies only from the date on which it is added to these terms of use. 2. use of this site by accepting these terms of use through your use of the site, you certify that you are 18 years of age or older. if you are under the age of 18 but at least 13 years of age you may use this site only under the supervision of a parent or legal guardian who agrees to be bound by these terms of use. appliancepartspros.com does not intentionally collect personal information about children under the age of 13. children under the age of 13 may not use this site and parents or legal guardians may not agree to these terms of use on their behalf. if you are a parent or legal guardian agreeing to these terms of use for the benefit of a child between the ages of 13 and 18, be advised that you are fully responsible for his or her use of this site, including all financial charges and legal liability that he or she may incur. if you do not agree to (or cannot comply with) any of these terms and conditions, do not use this site. all billing and registration information provided must be truthful and accurate. providing any untruthful or inaccurate information may constitute a breach of these terms of use. by confirming your purchase at the end of the checkout process, you agree to accept and pay for the item(s) requested. all materials, including images, text, illustrations, designs, icons, photographs, diagrams, programs, video clips and written and other materials that are part of this site (collectively, the "contents") are intended solely for personal, non-commercial use. you may download, copy or print the contents and other downloadable materials displayed on the site for your personal use only. no right, title or interest in any downloaded materials or software is transferred to you as a result of any such downloading or copying. you may not reproduce (except as noted above), publish, transmit, distribute, display, modify, create derivative works from, sell or participate in any sale of or exploit in any way, in whole or in part, any of the contents, the site or any related software. all software used on this site is the property of appliancepartspros.com or its suppliers and protected by u.s. and international copyright laws. the contents and software on this site may be used only as a shopping resource. any other use, including the reproduction, modification, distribution, transmission, republication, display, or performance, of the contents on this site is strictly prohibited. appliancepartspros.com is a trademark of appliancepartspros.com, inc. repair materials, documents and advice: all of the repair information, advice, instructions, data, and other troubleshooting materials are provided to you free of charge (collectively, the “repair materials”). as such, appliancepartspros.com does not make any representations or warranties with respect to any repair materials or the results you will achieve through their use. appliancepartspros.com disclaims all warranties, whether express, implied, statutory or in any communication with you or otherwise with respect to the repair materials. see section 19 below for important limitations on the terms of this section 2. you may not, without appliancepartspros.com's prior express written permission, "mirror" any contents or repair materials contained on this website on any other server. 3. site security users are prohibited from violating or attempting to violate the security of the site, including, without limitation: (a) accessing data not intended for such user or logging onto a server or an account that the user is not authorized to access; (b) attempting to probe, scan or test the vulnerability of a system or network or to breach security or authentication measures without proper authorization; (c) attempting to interfere with service to any user, host or network, including, without limitation, via means of submitting a virus to the site, overloading, "flooding," "spamming," "mailbombing" or "crashing;" (d) sending unsolicited email, including promotions and/or advertising of products or services; or (e) forging any tcp/ip packet header or any part of the header information in any email or newsgroup posting. violations of system or network security may result in civil or criminal liability. appliancepartspros.com will investigate occurrences that may involve such violations and may involve, and cooperate with, law enforcement authorities in prosecuting users who are involved in such violations. you agree not to use any device, software or routine to interfere or attempt to interfere with the proper working of this site or any activity being conducted on this site. you agree, further, not to use or attempt to use any engine, software, tool, agent or other device or mechanism (including without limitation browsers, spiders, robots, avatars or intelligent agents) to navigate or search this site other than the search engine and search agents available from appliancepartspros.com on this site and other than generally available third party web browsers (e.g., internet explorer, google chrome, safari, etc.). 4. order acceptance please note that there may be certain orders that we are unable to accept and must cancel. we reserve the right, at our sole discretion, to refuse or cancel any order for any reason. for your convenience, you will not be charged until your payment method is authorized, the order information is verified for accuracy and your order is shipped. some situations that may result in your order being canceled include limitations on quantities available for purchase, inaccuracies or errors in product or pricing information, or problems identified by our credit and fraud avoidance department. we may also require additional verifications or information before accepting any order. we will contact you if all or any portion of your order is canceled or if additional information is required to accept your order. if your order is canceled after your credit card has been charged, we will issue a credit to your credit card in the amount of the charge. 5. pricing information while appliancepartspros.com strives to provide accurate product and pricing information, pricing, typographical or other errors may occur. appliancepartspros.com cannot confirm the price of an item until after you order. in the event that an item is listed at an incorrect price or with incorrect information due to an error, appliancepartspros.com shall have the right, at our sole discretion, to refuse or cancel any orders placed for that item. in the event that an item is mispriced, appliancepartspros.com may, at our discretion, either contact you for instructions or cancel your order and notify you of such cancellation. prices and availability are subject to change. in no case will appliancepartspros.com charge you more than the listed price for an item without your consent. 6. copyrights and trademarks unless otherwise noted, all contents are copyrights, trademarks, trade dress and/or other intellectual property owned, controlled or licensed by appliancepartspros.com, one of its affiliates or by third parties who have licensed their materials to appliancepartspros.com and are protected by u.s. and international copyright laws. the compilation (meaning the collection, arrangement, and assembly) of all contents on this site is the exclusive property of appliancepartspros.com and is also protected by u.s. and international copyright laws. some diagrams on the site are the property of the referenced manufacturer, such as maytag or whirlpool, etc. appliancepartspros.com and its suppliers and licensors expressly reserve all intellectual property rights in all text, programs, products, processes, technology, content and other materials that appear on this site. access to this site does not confer and shall not be considered as conferring upon anyone any license under any of appliancepartspros.com's or any third party's intellectual property rights. the appliancepartspros.com logos and all related product and service names, design marks and slogans are the trademarks or service marks of appliancepartspros.com. all other marks are the property of their respective companies. no trademark or service mark license is granted in connection with the materials contained on this site. access to this site does not authorize anyone to use any name, logo or mark in any manner. references on this site to any names, marks, products or services of third parties or hypertext links to third party sites or information are provided solely as a convenience to you and do not in any way constitute or imply appliancepartspros.com's endorsement, sponsorship or recommendation of the third party, information, product or service. appliancepartspros.com is not responsible for the content of any third party sites and does not make any representations regarding the content or accuracy of material on such sites. if you decide to link to any such third party web sites, you do so entirely at your own risk. see section 19 below for important limitations on the terms of this section 6. 7. user reviews, feedback, submissions, comments, inventions all reviews, comments, questions, feedback, postcards, suggestions, ideas, directions, instructions, and other submissions disclosed, submitted or offered to appliancepartspros.com on or by this site or otherwise disclosed, submitted or offered in connection with your use of this site (collectively, the "comments") shall be and remain appliancepartspros.com's property. such disclosure, submission or offer of any comments shall constitute an assignment to appliancepartspros.com of all worldwide rights, titles and interests in all copyrights and other intellectual properties in the comments. thus, appliancepartspros.com will own exclusively all such rights, titles and interests and shall not be limited in any way in its use, commercial or otherwise, of any comments. appliancepartspros.com will be entitled to use, reproduce, disclose, modify, adapt, create derivative works from, publish, display and distribute any comments you submit for any purpose whatsoever, without restriction and without compensating you in any way. appliancepartspros.com is and shall be under no obligation: (1) to maintain any comments in confidence; (2) to pay to user any compensation for any comments; or (3) to respond to any user comments. you agree that any comments submitted by you to the site will not violate this policy or any right of any third party, including copyright, trademark, privacy or other personal or proprietary right(s), and will not cause injury to any person or entity. you further agree that no comments submitted by you to the site will be or contain libelous or otherwise unlawful, threatening, abusive or obscene material, or contain software viruses, political campaigning, commercial solicitation, chain letters, mass mailings or any form of "spam". appliancepartspros.com does not regularly review posted comments, but does reserve the right (but not the obligation) to monitor and edit or remove any comments submitted to the site. you grant appliancepartspros.com the right to use the name that you submit in connection with any comments. you agree not to use a false email address, impersonate any person or entity, or otherwise mislead as to the origin of any comments you submit. you are and shall remain solely responsible for the content of any comments you make and you agree to indemnify appliancepartspros.com and its affiliates for all claims resulting from any comments you submit. appliancepartspros.com and its affiliates take no responsibility and assume no liability for any comments submitted or used by you or by any third party, or submitted by appliancepartspros.com or its affiliates. you agree that your use of or reliance on any of the comments shall be at your own risk. see section 19 below for important limitations on the terms of this section 7. 8. indemnification you agree to defend, indemnify and hold harmless appliancepartspros.com and its affiliates from and against any and all claims, damages, costs and expenses, including attorneys' fees, arising from or related to your use of the site. see section 19 below for important limitations on the terms of this section 8. 9. termination these terms of use are effective unless and until terminated by either you or appliancepartspros.com. you may terminate these terms of use at any time, provided that you discontinue any further use of this site. appliancepartspros.com also may terminate these terms of use at any time and may do so immediately without notice, and accordingly deny you access to the site, if in appliancepartspros.com's sole discretion you fail to comply with any term or provision of these terms of use. upon any termination of these terms of use by either you or appliancepartspros.com, you must promptly destroy all materials downloaded or otherwise obtained from this site, as well as all copies of such materials, whether made under the terms of use or otherwise. appliancepartspros.com's rights to any comments, and rights to indemnity, shall survive any termination of these terms of use. 10. disclaimer this site is provided by appliancepartspros.com on an "as is" and "as available" basis. appliancepartspros.com makes no representations or warranties of any kind, express or implied, as to the operation of the site or the information, content, materials, or products included on this site. to the full extent permissible by applicable law, appliancepartspros.com disclaims all warranties, express or implied, including, but not limited to, implied warranties of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose. without limiting the foregoing, appliancepartspros.com disclaims any and all warranties, express or implied, for any merchandise offered on this site. you acknowledge, by your use of the appliancepartspros.com web site, that your use of the site is at your sole risk. this disclaimer does not apply to any product warranty offered by the manufacturer of the item. this disclaimer constitutes an essential part of these terms of use. see section 19 below for important limitations on the terms of this section 10. 11. limitation of liability under no circumstances and under no legal or equitable theory, whether in tort, contract, strict liability or otherwise, shall appliancepartspros.com or any of its affiliates, employees, directors, officers, agents, vendors or suppliers be liable to you or to any other person for any exemplary, punitive, indirect, special, incidental or consequential losses or damages of any nature arising out of or in connection with the use of or inability to use the appliancepartspros.com web site, including, without limitation, damages for lost profits, loss of goodwill, loss of data, work stoppage, accuracy of results, or computer failure or malfunction, even if an authorized representative of appliancepartspros.com has been advised of or should have known of the possibility of such damages. in no event will appliancepartspros.com be liable for any damages in excess of the fees paid by you in connection with your use of the site during the six month period preceding the date on which the claim arose. see section 19 below for important limitations on the terms of this section 11. 12. general these terms of use represent the complete agreement between the parties and supersede all prior agreements and representations between them. headings used in these terms of use are for reference purposes only and in no way define or limit the scope of the section. if any provision of these terms of use is held to be unenforceable for any reason, such provision shall be reformed only to the extent necessary to make it enforceable and the other terms of these terms of use shall remain in full force and effect. the failure of appliancepartspros.com to act with respect to a breach of these terms of use by you or others does not constitute a waiver and shall not limit appliancepartspros.com's rights with respect to such breach or any subsequent breaches. these terms of use cannot be modified or waived except in a writing signed by the president of appliancepartspros.com. 13. applicable law these terms of use shall be governed by and construed under california law without regard to conflicts of law provisions. subject to the arbitration provision set forth in section 16, you hereby consent and submit to the personal jurisdiction in the state or federal courts located in los angeles, california. see section 19 below for important limitations on the terms of this section 13. 14. your representations you represent that you are not under any legal or other disability which limits your ability to comply with these terms or to install and use the products you purchase with minimal risk of harm to you or others. you further represent that you are not purchasing the products for resale to others and will not do so without appliancepartspros.com's prior written consent. 15. terms and conditions related to "diy stories" (a) all diy stories submitted to appliancepartspros.com shall become the sole property of appliancepartspros.com upon submission. diy story submitters assign, convey and transfer all copyrights (and all exclusive rights pertinent thereto, including, without limitation, all exclusive rights to all technologies now known or later developed to (i) reproduce, (ii) prepare derivative works of, (iii) distribute copies of, to the public by sale or other transfer of ownership or by rental or lease; and (iv) display publicly) and other intellectual property rights, including moral and artist’s rights, to appliancepartspros.com, and grant permission for appliancepartspros.com to display, exploit and/or use the submitted diy story, or any part thereof, for any purpose whatsoever, including marketing and promotion, and on and in any media whatsoever, including the appliancepartspros.com website and other marketing materials. no consideration or payment of any kind shall be due to a diy story submitter or other third party related to the diy story from appliancepartspros.com. by submitting a diy story, the diy story submitter agrees to indemnify and hold harmless appliancepartspros.com, and its officers, employees, directors, principals, agents and affiliates, from and against any liability, costs, losses or damages, including reasonable attorneys’ fees, concerning any third party claims related to the diy story submitted by the diy story submitter. the diy story submitter represents and warrants that he or she has all rights, permissions and consents necessary to make the agreements set forth in these terms and conditions. see section 19 below for important limitations on the terms of this section 15. (b) the diy story submitter grants permission to appliancepartspros.com to conduct its own moderation process with respect to the submitted diy story, and to accept, reject, edit or modify the submitted diy story as it sees fit. however, appliancepartspros.com is not obligated to edit, modify or remove any diy story once submitted. appliancepartspros.com does not guaranty that any submitted diy story will appear or be posted on the appliancepartspros.com website. (c) appliancepartspros.com does not endorse anything within submitted diy story content. submitted diy story content is not intended by appliancepartspros.com to be replacement for professional advice. viewers of appliancepartspros.com’s website should use diy story content at their own risk and with caution. (d) to protect the privacy of diy story submitters, appliancepartspros.com will include only the following information in any diy story posted on appliancepartspros.com’s website: submitter's first name; submitter's first initial of last name; submitter's city and state; product the submission is about; and the story content itself. 16. dispute resolution; informal resolution and formal resolution by arbitration/ class action waiver in order to expedite and control the cost of disputes, you and appliancepartspros.com agree that any legal or equitable claim relating to use of appliancepartspros.com websites or use of any appliancepartspros.com product (referred to as a “claim”) will be resolved as follows: informal resolution: you and appliancepartspros.com will first attempt to resolve any claim informally. in the event that any dispute between appliancepartspros.com and you arises out of or relates to use of any appliancepartspros.com product, these terms of use, the applicability of these terms of use to the use of any appliancepartspros.com website or applications or product, or to breach or enforcement, interpretation or validity of these terms of use, you and we agree to try to promptly resolve any such dispute informally. please send a written notice describing the dispute to: legal@appliancepartspros.com formal resolution by arbitration/class action waiver: read the following arbitration provision carefully, it limits your rights, including the right to maintain a court action. you agree that any dispute, controversy or claim arising out of or relating to these terms of use, the applicability of these terms of use as to the use of any appliancepartspros.com site, or the purchase of any appliancepartspros.com products from this site, or to breach or enforcement, interpretation or validity of these terms of use, or the determination of the scope or applicability of arbitration shall be governed solely by the federal arbitration act. if you and appliancepartspros.com cannot resolve a claim informally, any claim asserted by either party will be resolved only by binding arbitration. by agreeing to arbitration, both you and appliancepartspros.com understand and agree that all disputes shall be decided by an arbitrator and that you are waiving your rights to maintain other available resolution processes, such as a court action or administrative proceeding, to settle disputes. instead of suing in court, both you and appliancepartspros.com each agree to settle disputes (except certain small claims) only by arbitration. arbitration means that you waive your right to a jury trial. the rules in arbitration are different. there is no judge or jury, and review is limited, but an arbitrator can award the same damages and relief, and must honor the same limitations stated in these terms of use as a court would. the arbitration will be conducted under the jams streamlined arbitration rules & procedures (referred to as the “jams rules”) and under the rules set forth in these terms of use. if there is a conflict between jams rules and the rules set forth in these terms of use, the rules set forth in these terms of use will govern. you may, in arbitration, seek any and all remedies otherwise available to you pursuant to the law of the governing state. if you decide to initiate arbitration, appliancepartspros.com agrees to pay the arbitration initiation fee and any additional required deposit required by jams to initiate your arbitration. you and appliancepartspros.com agree to pay the costs of the arbitration proceeding provided however that if you are a consumer you shall not be required to pay more than $250.00 of the fees or such amount as the jams rules may later prescribe. all other fees, such as attorneys’ fees and expenses of travel to the arbitration, will be paid in accordance with jams rules. the arbitration will be held at a location in your home town area if possible, unless you and appliancepartspros.com both agree to another location or telephonic arbitration. to initiate arbitration, you or appliancepartspros.com must do the following things: write a demand for arbitration. the demand must include a description of the claim and the amount of damages sought to be recovered. you can find a copy of a demand for arbitration at www.jamsadr.com. send three copies of the demand for arbitration, plus the appropriate filing fee to: jams [to your local jams office] or to jams, 555 west fifth street (gas company tower), 32nd floor, los angeles, ca 90013. send one copy of the demand for arbitration to the other party. special rules in the arbitration proceeding. (i) the arbitrator has no authority to make errors of law and any award may be challenged if the arbitrator does so. otherwise, the arbitrator’s decision is final and binding on all parties and may be enforced in any federal or state court that has jurisdiction. (ii) neither you nor appliancepartspros.com shall be entitled to join or consolidate claims in arbitration by or against other individuals or entities, or arbitrate any claim as a representative member of a class or in a private attorney general capacity. this means that you waive your right to initiate or participate in any class or consolidated action whatsoever. accordingly, you and appliancepartspros.com agree that the jams class action procedures do not apply to our arbitration. a court may sever any portion of this dispute resolution provision if it finds such unenforceable, except for the prohibition on class, representative and private attorney general arbitrations. notwithstanding the obligation to arbitrate all claims under these terms of use, you may assert an individual claim in small claims court in lieu of arbitration. 17. class action waiver please read this section carefully - it may significantly affect your legal rights. appliancepartspros.com and you agree that appliancepartspros.com and you will resolve any disputes, claims or controversies on an individual basis, and that any claims brought under these terms of use in connection with the site or any appliancepartspros.com product will be brought in an individual capacity, and not on behalf of, or as part of, any purported class, consolidated, or representative proceeding. appliancepartspros.com and you further agree that appliancepartspros.com and you shall not participate in any consolidated, class, or representative proceeding (existing or future) brought by any third party arising under these terms of use or in connection with the site. if any court or arbitrator determines that the class action waiver set forth in this paragraph is void or unenforceable for any reason or that arbitration can proceed on a class basis, then the disputes, claims or controversies will not be subject to arbitration and must be litigated in federal court located in los angeles county, california. the terms of this provision will also apply to any claims asserted by you against any parent or affiliated company of appliancepartspros.com to the extent that any such claims arise out of your access to, and/or use of the site, and/or the provision of content, services, and/or technology on or through the site. 18. limited time to file claims: you and appliancepartspros.com agree that any claim arising out of your use of any appliancepartspros.com website or application or claim regarding any appliancepartspros.com product will be asserted within one (1) year after the claim arises, or such claim will be barred. see section 19 below for important limitations on the terms of this section 18. 19. exclusions and limitations; consumer protection notice: if you are a consumer, the provisions in these terms of use are intended to be only as broad and inclusive as is permitted by the laws of your state of residence. if you are a new jersey resident or otherwise have rights under new jersey’s consumer protection laws, the terms of sections 2, 6, 7, 8, 10, 11, 13, 15, and 18 do not limit or waive your rights under new jersey law and the provisions in these terms of use are intended to be only as broad and inclusive as is permitted by the laws of the state of new jersey. in any event, appliancepartspros.com reserves all rights, defenses and permissible limitations under the laws of new jersey and under the laws of your state of residence. notwithstanding the foregoing, nothing in this section shall modify subsection 16(b) (“formal resolution by arbitration/class action waiver”). 20. social media: live chat terms and conditions users of this service are bound by these terms and conditions. please read the terms and conditions before using this online chat service. by using this service, you agree to the terms and conditions. if you don’t agree to the terms and conditions, you may not use this service. disclaimer you are using this service to obtain advice related to installation of certain appliance parts within your home. you agree that you are accessing this service for a non-commercial nature, and that you voluntarily are requesting use of the service. you agree to assume the risk of accessing and using the service. except for warranties which may not be disclaimed as a matter of law, appliancepartspros makes no representations or warranties whatsoever, express or implied, including but not limited to representations or warranties regarding the accuracy or nature of the content of the service, completeness, availability, reliability, adequacy, results, fitness for a particular purpose, or that the service will be free from errors. you understand and acknowledge that your sole and exclusive remedy with respect to any defect in or dissatisfaction with the service is to cease use of the service. appliancepartspros reserves the right to suspend or withdraw all or any part of the service at any time without notice or any liability to you. limitation of liability; indemnity appliancepartspros and its employees and agents are not responsible for and have no liability for actions taken by you or a third party with respect to use of or inability or failure to use the service or any information available on or through the service. in no event shall appliancepartspros or any party involved in creating, producing, or delivering the service (or any part thereof) be liable for any direct, special, incidental, consequential, indirect, or other damages related to your or others’ use of the service, information provided through this service, whether based on warranty, contract, tort, or any other legal theory. you agree to indemnify and hold appliancepartspros harmless for damages arising out of your use, improper use, or failure to use and/or access the service, including any information provided through this service, irrespective of whether the part you are installing was purchased from appliancepartspros or any other third party. governing law the laws of the state of california, without regard to principles of conflict of laws, will govern these terms and any dispute that may arise between you and appliancepartspros. shop with confidence over 15 million customers served! 365-day returns hassle-free returns fast delivery 1.7 days on average! free tech support on all purchased parts! need help finding dishwasher parts? learn more appliancepartspros over 2.1 million parts in stock 2 day quick delivery! 365 day return policy! free tech support! google trusted store 1-877-477-7278 chat with a pro email us go to facebook page go to youtube page go to x page go to instagram page about us diy blog our story core values locations rave reviews affiliates program job listings site map my account sign in my account order history shopping cart customer service customer service contact us returns shipping service center fault codes warranty california 19410 business ctr dr.northridge, ca 91324 1-877-477-7278 tennessee 240 edwards st. s.e.cleveland, tn 37311 1-877-477-7278 newsletter signup receive discounts, usage tips, and recall notices. terms of use privacy policy ©1999 - 2025 appliancepartspros.com®. all rights reserved. live chat we are here to help you! you’ll get a reply shortly. we typically reply in a few minutes connecting with agent... please introduce yourself to start live chat start chatting thank you for chatting with us. we are always happy to help you! re-start chat are you sure you want to leave the chat? connection with the agent will be lost leave the chat do you want to continue chat or start new sesson? start new chat continue