来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20141229025408/https://www.biketiresdirect.com/shipping-article
================================================================================

shipping - biketiresdirect 144 your account  | your cart  | email list select manufacturer 2xu3rd eye3tabusaheadsetall cityapisarundelassosastuteasylum cyclesavidaxiombanjo brothersbeljum budderbellbellwetherbianchibike ribbonbiketiresdirectbikndbisblack opsblackburnbonk!brooksbusch and muellerbuzzyscamelbakcampagnolocane creekcannondalecapocastellicat eyecatlikechallengecheng shinchromecinelliclementclifclub ridecontinentalcontourcraftcrane bell companycrank broscrud catchercueclipcycleopscyclocrosscytosportd and d oberlaudadare 2bdarn tough vermontdedadefeetdeltadiadoradiatechdimensiondrift innovationdt swissdual power eyeweardumonde techdux helmdz nutsdzreastonebiuseliteenduraenduroxenveenzos cycling productsergonesifeedbackfiberfixfinish linefirst endurancefizikfocus bikesfoxfreedomfsafujifulcrumfyxationgarmingeaxgenuine innovationsgirogiro new roadgoprogore bike weargreenfieldguhalohammer nutritionhandsome cyclesheadsweatshedhentyhoney stingerhozanhutchinsonicebreakerilumenoxincredibellirdironcladism seatit's in my heartixsjagwirejelly bellyk-edgekaskkeenkendakineticking cageskmcknogkokikool koverskool stopkryptonitekuatkucharikleathermanlemondlezynelight and motionlightweight safetyliquid imagelitlizard skinsloadedlooklouis garneaumad fibermavicmaxxismetromichelinmidlandmirryclemonkeylectricmr. tuffymucky nutzniteridernokian suominutcasenuunodione balloofosorigin-8ortliebpacelinepacentipanaracerpark toolpaulpearl izumipedrospersonal best productsphil woodpivotheadplanet bikepms productspocporcelain rocketportland design workspowerbarproprobarproblem solversprocorsaprofile designprogoldrace faceracedotsraceoneracktimeredlineretro image apparelritcheyrivaroad hollandrockshoxroyal racingrubenaryderssalsasandisksantinisarisschwalbesci-conselle an-atomicaselle italiaselle royalselle smpshebeestshimanoshowers passshutter precisionsidisilcaskinsskout organicskratch labssksslimeslipnotsmith opticssock guysoma fabricationsspank industriessportfulsprintechsramsrmstans notubesstate bicycle co.sticky podsugar wheel workssugoisuper soapsurlyswiftwickswissstoptacxtake a looktektroterrythomsonthuletifositimbuk2timetopeaktri-flowtrptubustufotwin sixtwo fishunderwater kineticsunrulyvee rubbervelocityveloflexveloxvermarcvittoriavredesteinwahoo fitnesswaldwd-40 bikewheel masterwheel mfgwhere to bikewhite industrieswolf tooth componentswtbyakimayuba bicycleszipp or daily special     closeouts     accessories     apparel     bikes | frames | forks     components     hydration | nutrition     helmets     computers | electronics     lights     pumps | inflators     saddles     shoes     tires | tubes     tools | lubes     trainers | rollers     wheels     gift certificates     tire finderjoin our freevip club to receiveadditional discountsget a 10% rebatetoward your next order  aerobars  automobile racks  bags  bells  bike-mounted racks  body care products  books and videos  computers  eyewear  fenders  handlebar tape  heart-rate monitors  kickstands  locks  mirrors  miscellaneous accessories  storage racks  travel cases  men's bibs and shorts  men's tights and pants  men's short sleeve jerseys  men's sleeveless jerseys  men's long sleeve jerseys  men's jackets and vests  women's bibs and shorts  women's tights and pants  women's short sleeve jerseys  women's sleeveless jerseys  women's long sleeve jerseys  women's jackets and vests  half finger gloves  full finger gloves  arm, leg and knee warmers  hats and headbands  socks  booties and shoe covers  under clothing  t-shirts  body armor  frames and forks  bikes (complete)  aerobars  bottom brackets  brakes  brake pads  cables  cassettes  chains  chainrings  cleats  cranksets  derailleurs - front  derailleurs - rear  handlebars  handlebar tape  headsets  mountain bike handlebar  pedals  quick-release skewers  rim tape  seatposts | binders  shifters  small parts  stems  group set  energy bars  energy gels  powders  supplements  water bottles  bottle cages  hydration packs  adult helmets  aero helmets  mountain helmets  kid's helmets  helmet accessories  computers  computer accessories  heart-rate monitors  cameras  battery-powered lights  rechargeable lights  tail lights  batteries  light accessories  dynamo lights  hand pumps  floor pumps  pump parts and accessories  co2 inflators  tire liners/sealers/repair  cut-away saddles  road bike saddles  mountain bike saddles  classic leather saddles  comfort saddles  women's saddles  saddle accessories  men's road shoes  men's mtb shoes  women's road shoes  women's mtb shoes  sandals  winter shoes  shoe parts  booties and shoe covers  road race tires  training/recreation road tires  city/touring tires  27in road tires  650c tires  cyclocross tires  26in mtb tires  cross-country mtb tires  27.5/650b mtb tires  downhill/freeride tires  29in mtb tires  slick/semi-slick mtb tires  tubular road tires  tubular cross tires  tubular-clincher tires  bmx tires  classic cruiser bike tires  kid's bike tires  studded tires  recumbent tires  unusual size tires  road tubes  mountain tubes  miscellaneous tubes  rim tape  tire levers  tire liners/sealers/repair  tubular accessories  valve adapters/extenders  bottom bracket tools  cable tools  cassette tools  chain tools  crankset tools  headset tools  hex (allen) wrenches  multi-tools  pedal wrenches  repair books  repair stands  shop tools  spoke wrenches  tire levers  tool kits  truing stands  wrenches  cleaning products  oils and lubricants  trainers  rollers  trainer/roller accessories  clincher road wheels  tubular road wheels  mountain bike wheels  freehub body our website requires javascript to provide full functionality. please click here to learn how to enable javascript on your browser. shippingfree shipping for orders over $100 we offer free ups ground shipping to the continental us (not including alaska and hawaii or us territories) for orders of $100 or more. certain overweight and oversize items are excluded. this is noted in the product descriptions of these items. if you choose a faster delivery method, like ups 2-day, we also pay a portion of that shipping charge, and we offer great rates on 3-day shipping. our goal is to keep all your shipping costs as low as possible. the more you buy, the more you save! our shopping cart makes it quick and easy to see all your options. orders are shipped the same day we receive them our website uses a real-time inventory management system and the products on our site are in stock in our warehouse and ready for immediate shipment. domestic orders received before 2:00pm pacific time, monday through friday (except holidays) ship the same day. apo/fpo and international orders ship usps and often require customs paperwork to be completed that may delay shipment by one business day. how we ship we offer ups and usps delivery options. during checkout, you can easily see all available shipping options for your order and location. you can also get an instant shipping quote right on our product pages. just input your zip/postal code (or country for orders outside the usa and canada), and you'll receive an instant quote for all available shipping options to your location. we only display available shipping options, and if a faster method is available for free, we won't bother displaying the slower method. economy shipping for residential orders (orders shipping to your home instead of a business), our economy shipping is a great option. economy shipments are typically shipped using ups surepost, a ground service that uses your local u.s. postal service for the final delivery step to a residential address. ups picks up the package from our warehouse and delivers it to your nearest u.s. post office, where it is then delivered by your postal carrier. ups tracking is available on surepost shipments until they reach your local post office. ups surepost does not provide a guaranteed delivery date, but typically takes 2-3 days longer than ups ground. but one nice advantage of surepost shipments is that, unlike ups ground, surepost shipments can be delivered on saturday. ups surepost can be delivered to p.o. box addresses as well as fpo and apo addresses, but may not be delivered to commercial addresses. packages shipped economy still leave our warehouse on the same day we receive the order for orders received before 2:00 pm pacific time monday-friday (except shipping holidays). please note that economy surepost shipping is available for residential addresses only. usps priority mail priority mail shipments received before 2:00 pm pacific time monday-friday (except shipping holidays) ship the same day. in many cases, priority mail from the united states postal service is delivered in 1-3 business days (including saturday) and offers an economical way to expedite shipments. however, unlike ups shipping methods, priority mail does not have a guaranteed delivery time. to help account for any uncertainty and avoid disappointment, we add an additional day to the estimated delivery time for priority mail. ups ground thanks to its proven track record and easy tracking, ups ground is still our go-to service for many orders. most ground shipments reach any location in the continental us in five business days, and offer the peace of mind of ups guaranteed delivery. ups expedited for faster delivery with a guaranteed delivery date, we also offer low shipping prices on ups expedited services, including 3-day, 2-day, and overnight options. if your order is over $100 and you require expedited shipping, we pay part of that shipping to help keep the costs down. alaska, hawaii shipments to alaska and hawaii do not qualify for free ups ground shipping. apo/fpo and international shipping for many customers with apo/fpo or addresses outside the continental us, the usps offers the most cost-effective shipping methods. ups worldwide express is quick, provides tracking information, and includes the customs brokerage fee in the shipping cost. customers shipping to some international destinations may have the option to ship via usps international airmail parcel post, which takes less than two weeks to reach many destinations and may be a cost-effective option. international orders may take a little longer to process than domestic shipments due to the additional requirements involved. please note that you may also be required to pay import duty, local taxes, and brokerage fees (if applicable). these are collected at the time of delivery. because import duties, brokerage fees and local taxes are applied by the destination country, we are not able to provide estimates or quotes for these additional fees. please consult your local government for additional information about these fees prior to placing your order. please check with your local authorities to determine the amount you may need to pay before ordering. we attach an invoice to the outside of the shipping box with a detailed description of the products in order to facilitate customs processing, but delays are still possible during the customers process. please note that international customers are responsible for all return shipments to us, including warranty claims. all products must be returned at the customer's expense in order to be refunded or warrantied. to help facilitate the return process and speed up your resolution, all international returns will be processed as refunds. we regret that we cannot offer exchanges on international returns, but our goal is to issue your refund as quickly as possible, allowing you to place a replacement order at your convenience. shipping performance and restrictions we offer estimated delivery dates for each shipping option. though these are only estimates, we've found that ups meets or exceeds their delivery estimate 97% of the time, and guarantees delivery on or before the estimated date except during the holiday season. combined with our efficient same-day packing and shipping, we offer one of the fastest and most reliable delivery services available. please note that some items, including co2 cartridges, aerosol lubricants, and other volatile materials, cannot be shipped via air, and so are not eligible for expedited or international shipping. hold for warehouse pickup orders can be placed online for pickup in our portland, or warehouse. orders placed before 3:00pm pacific time, monday through friday, are available to pick up at the warehouse within one hour of placing the order. our warehouse is located at 5741 ne 87th ave, portland, or 97220. the warehouse is open for pickup from 11:00am to 5:30pm monday-friday except for major holidays. order changes should you need to make any changes to your order, please feel free to contact us for help. please note that order adjustments may delay shipment by one business day. our most popular articles about us all about gear inches arm, leg, and knee warmers bicycle helmets bicycle lights bicycle pedals bike fenders bike seat posts chain compatibility common tire sizes cyclocross tires follow us on twitter! mountain bike road tires older 26 inch tire sizes older tire sizes privacy and security racing/performance tires returns/exchange policy road bicycle wheels road bike handlebars road bike stems shipping sidi cycling shoes tire and tube replacement tire size chart tire tips tire width tread patterns tube types vip club details more articles... we are committed to delivering outstanding value and service to our customers, every day. try us today to see why so many of our customers come back again and again. *orders received before 2:00pm pacific time are shipped the same day (m-f). orders over $100 are shipped free (usa only, excluding ak and hi). some exceptions apply. see shipping for details. about us contact us visit our store information shipping returns privacy