来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20090831042039/http://www.1800lighting.com/Customer-Support
================================================================================

capitol lighting's 1800lighting.com - your source for residential and commercial lighting welcome to 1800lighting!  |  if you're a returning customer, click here to login. 0 item,  $0.00  view lighting portfolio  my account free shipping on orders over $99* home ceiling lighting wall lighting outdoor lighting ceiling fans lamps brands green living clearance lighten up home » customer service while offering the widest selection of residential lighting at low prices is important to us at capitol lighting, customer service is our first priority. in this section you will find all the information you'll need to navigate our store easily and purchase your lighting with confidence. should you have any other concerns or questions, feel free to email us at customercare@1800lighting.com. capitol lighting shipping policies please be advised that capitol lighting cannot ship any merchandise to po box addresses. standard ground shipping – small parcel ups and fedex items capitol lighting's 1800lighting.com offers free shipping on items able to ship via ups or federal express ground for orders that are $99.00 or greater. this free shipping offer is applicable only to orders shipping to the 48 continental united states. actual shipping costs will be incurred for orders shipping to alaska, hawaii or puerto rico. please call 1.800.544.4846 or email customercare@1800lighting.com for a shipping quote to these areas. orders less that $99.00 will incur a standard processing and handling charge of $15.00. orders cannot be combined for the purposes of this free shipping offer. what you can expect for small parcel shipments... the high value of many of the products offered by capitol lighting require a signature upon delivery even for ups and federal express shipments. if delivery without a signature is desired, it is suggested that you a leave a signed note on the door with the appropriate instructions for the driver. failure to do so may result in the item(s) being returned to the shipper by the carrier. additional charges for this return shipment will be incurred by the customer. truck freight – large & oversized items large items, such as large foyer chandeliers and torchiere floor lamps, may ship via truck freight. orders containing items that must ship via truck freight will incur a $65 surcharge for each item that must ship via freight. items that must ship via truck freight are notated by the manufacturer based on the size and packaging of the product in question. items that must ship via truck freight are marked as such on the individual product pages. what you can expect for large item truck freight shipments... items shipped via truck freight are delivered to curbside or driveway only. most carries will contact you to set up a delivery time, usually a 2-4 hour appointment window during business hours. as such, it is the customer's responsibility to provide an accurate contact phone number for the delivery address. if you require special assistance with a truck freight delivery, additional services like inside delivery and lift gate are available at an additional charge. please contact a representative at 1.800.544.4846 for a quote on these services. at the time of delivery, the driver will require that you inspect the condition of the shipment and sign the delivery receipt. be sure to note on the receipt any and all visible damage to the packaging of your item(s). noting the condition of the delivery is the responsibility of the customer – not the driver. if the carrier is unable to contact the customer, the customer will then be responsible for any storage fees or freight charges back to the shipper. see our return policies for full details. capitol lighting delivery at the discretion of capitol lighting, professionally trained and experienced personnel from capitol lighting will deliver merchandise free of charge to customers deemed to be within the trading area of a capitol lighting showroom. delivery by capitol lighting will be scheduled by appointment only. capitol lighting delivery does not include inside delivery or any installation services. capitol lighting strongly suggests hiring a licensed electrical contractor for all lighting installations. orders less that $99.00 will incur a standard processing and handling charge of $15.00. orders cannot be combined for the purposes of this free shipping offer. in-store pickup (new jersey only) a customer may choose to make a purchase placed online through 1800lighting.com available for pickup through a capitol lighting showroom. if you wish to pick up your purchase in a capitol lighting showroom, your order must be placed by calling 1.800.544.4846. if your order is less than $99.00 you will still be responsible for the $15.00 processing and handling fee. orders that are arranged to be picked up in a capitol lighting showroom will be charged in full once the merchandise arrives at the showroom – not when it is picked up. shipping lead times capitol lighting strives to provide its customers with the most accurate information on product availability using the tools and resources made available both in house and by our manufacturers. the lead times that are posted on the individual product pages are estimates only. these times are estimated based on the assumption that the item in question is currently in stock with the manufacturer and on the manufacturer's typical speed at which orders are processed and shipped. real time inventories of both our manufacturers and capitol lighting showrooms will be available in the second half of 2009. if your purchase or project is time sensitive, it is strongly suggested that you contact a representative at 1.800.544.4846 or customercare@1800lighting.com to inquire about expedited shipping services. within 1 full business day of placing your order, you will receive an initial order status email providing you with the initial estimated shipping dates for each item on your order. these shipping dates are estimated based on the availability of the item(s) in our capitol lighting showrooms in new jersey and florida, as well the warehouses of our manufacturers. if an item you have purchased is made to order or is on back order with the manufacturer, your order status email will reflect this along with an estimated shipping date. estimated shipping dates are subject to change. until your order has fully shipped and is complete, you will receive weekly order status update emails. capitol lighting is not responsible for any costs associated with shipment delays. capitol lighting strongly suggests that any professional services required to install your product(s) not be scheduled until your order has arrived and been inspected. international shipping policy north america orders shipping to locations in north america but outside of the continental 48 united states (canada, mexico, caribbean, etc.) are not eligible for free shipping. all actual shipping charges will be incurred by the customer. capitol lighting is not eligible for any taxes, duties or customs brokerage fees associated with any purchase. these additional charges are the responsibility of the customer. as per various carriers' policies, these charges may be incurred up to 6 months after delivery. you will be notified of any additional charges. the carrier used for any and all international shipments in north america is at the discretion of capitol lighting. capitol lighting will not ship merchandise via the united states postal service. other locations capitol lighting will not ship merchandise to international locations outside of north america. for such orders, capitol lighting suggests that the customer establish a relationship with a third party international shipper with services and locations in the united states. capitol lighting is able to deliver such purchases to a third party international shipper or freight forwarder. please be advised that capitol lighting is not responsible for any damages incurred in international shipping. such damages and any compensation due in lieu of such damages are the responsibility of the customer and the third party international shipper or freight forwarder. product return policies is the item you purchased not quite what you expected or needed? wrong finish or size or doesn't fit your décor? capitol lighting's 1800lighting.com will accept returns on unaltered and uninstalled merchandise up to 30 days beyond receipt. while some exceptions do apply (listed below), on the occasion that you receive a product you wish to return, our helpful customer service staff is just a phone call or email away ready to assist you. all products must be returned in original packaging. if the product you wish to return is damaged or defective, please see our damaged & defective good policies. our product return process is quick and easy. unlike other online lighting retailers, capitol lighting will assume all responsibilities in the retrieval and return of your merchandise. for this reason, all product returns require prior authorization. return authorizations are easily obtained by contacting our customer service staff at 1.800.544.4846 or customercare@1800lighting.com. do not return merchandise without prior authorization. items that are returned without prior authorization or sent to the wrong warehouse are subject to an automatic 50% restocking fee or complete forfeiture of your refund. all refunds, including any and all restocking fees and/or shipping deductions that may apply, will be issued within 5-7 business days of product return. small parcel items shipped via ups or fedex should you wish to return an item that was delivered via ups or federal express, capitol lighting will issue for you a federal express return shipping label via email or fax. upon acquiring return authorization, you will receive an email from federal express with instructions to access and print a return shipping label. this shipping label is to be affixed to the box containing the item to be returned. the label is issued by capitol lighting, therefore any damages or lost shipments incurred in the return shipping of the item are not the responsibility of the customer. when the package is ready for pickup, simply call 1800gofedex (1.800.463.3339) to schedule a pick up for the item(s). return shipping labels will be issued with expiration dates 2 weeks from the date of issue and will not be reissued. it is the customer's responsibility to make arrangements for the pickup of the item(s) to be returned in a timely manner. shipping deductions the return of all undamaged and non-defective small parcel items will incur deductions for the actual shipping fees both in shipping the item to the customer and back to capitol lighting. for orders that do not qualify for free shipping (orders less than $99.00) the $15.00 processing and handling fee will be taken into account when calculating these deductions. large items shipped via truck/freight liner for items that were delivered via truck or freight liner, should you wish to return these items, capitol lighting will work with the customer and freight company to make arrangements for the retrieval and shipment of the product to be returned. it will be the responsibility of the customer to be physically present at the time the freight company arrives to retrieve the item. the freight company chosen to retrieve your product for return will be at the discretion of capitol lighting. shipping deductions the return of all undamaged and non-defective large items that are shipped by truck or freight liner will incur deductions for the actual shipping fees both in shipping the item to the customer and back to capitol lighting. while the original purchase of such items does incur a $65 surcharge for the shipping of these items, this surcharge does not account for the actual cost of outbound shipping. as such, any surcharges paid in placing your order will be taken into account when calculating these deductions, though the surcharges paid will not void these deductions entirely. example: (actual outbound freight) $135.00 + (actual return freight) $150.00 – (large item surcharge paid) $65.00 = (total shipping deduction) $220.00 returning online orders to a capitol lighting showroom (new jersey only) if you wish to return an online order to a physical showroom, please contact our customer service staff at 1.800.544.4846 or customercare@1800lighting.com. if you are in vicinity of a capitol lighting showroom you are welcome to return any item ordered through 1800lighting.com to that showroom within 30 days of receipt and with prior written authorization. written authorization to return the item(s) to a showroom of your choice will be emailed to you and must accompany you at the time of return. upon showroom product return, the condition of your product will be inspected thoroughly. refunds due to the customer for showroom returns will not be issued by the showroom. all refunds for products purchased online will be refunded within 5-7 business days by 1800lighting.com. this service is currently only available for our new jersey showrooms, but will be available for florida customers in the second half of 2009. restocking fees some of our manufacturers charge restocking fees for the return of undamaged and non-defective merchandise. the individual product pages will indicate if the manufacturer of your item charges a restocking fee and, if so, the extent of that restocking fee. these restocking fees are charged by the manufacturer in addition to any shipping deductions that may be incurred in returning an item. closeout products there are many items available for purchase at capitol lighting's 1800lighting.com that are marked as closeout products and are further discounted from the low pricing already available across our entire online catalog. products that are sold as “closeouts” are subject to availability. all closeout products are sold as final sales. absolutely no returns will be accepted on closeout merchandise. if you receive a closeout product that is damaged, it must be reported within ten days of receipt, as per our damaged good policy. damaged closeout products will be replaced. if a replacement is not available, you will receive a full refund. exceptions and items not eligible for return unfortunately, under certain circumstances, there are some items that can be purchased from capitol lighting's 1800lighting.com that are not eligible for product return. these exceptions and items are as follows… items sold as closeout products custom products made-to-order products (arroyo craftsman & hubbardton forge – check individual product pages) any item that has been assembled, installed, modified or used in any way. items without prior return authorization. items received more than 30 days ago. any item without all original packaging. light bulbs, parts, glass, shades, etc. expedited shipping and charges for shipping to alaska, hawaii, puerto rico or international addresses. products not purchased from 1800lighting.com or a capitol lighting showroom. items that were authorized for return 2 weeks ago. product cancellation policy capitol lighting's 1800lighting.com allows the customer to cancel any non-custom item that has not shipped from capitol lighting or directly from the manufacturer without any penalty of restocking fee whatsoever. all cancellations are treated as cancellation requests. to submit a cancellation request please contact our customer service staff at 1.800.544.4846 or customercare@1800lighting.com. items that have been shipped cannot be cancelled, rerouted or redirected. much of the product availability and order status information we make available to our customers is based on the information provided by our manufacturers. while capitol lighting strives to provide the most accurate and current product and order information, in most cases we must ultimately rely on the accuracy of the information provided by our manufacturers. as such, please be aware that items on your order that are indicated as not yet having been shipped may have, in fact, actually been shipped. capitol lighting will do everything it can to successfully process all cancellation requests. please allow up to 72 hours for confirmation of cancellation. confirmation of cancellation - or notification that your request could not be successfully processed - will be emailed to you. damaged & defective goods policy for more than 80 years, capitol lighting has built a reputation of always putting the customer first. the strong and enduring relationships that capitol lighting has developed with its manufacturers allow capitol deliver a level of service that the competition simply cannot match. on rare occasions, products purchased from capitol lighting may incur damage in shipping or have a manufacturer's defect. in the event that the product you received is damaged or defective, capitol lighting will stand by its customer and work diligently to rectify the situation. in order to offer this high level of customer service, a little coordination with the customer is necessary. capitol lighting requires that any and all product damages be reported within ten days of receipt. if you receive an item that is damaged do not discard any of the packaging in which it was received. discarding the original packaging of a damaged item may prohibit the customer from returning the item for replacement or compensation. in all cases, if the merchandise you have received appears to be damaged, contact our customer service staff at 1.800.544.4846 or customercare@1800lighting.com immediately. please be prepared to provide/identify your order number, product sku number and the specific nature of the damage. all items that are returned as damaged or defective will be inspected by capitol lighting upon receipt. returns of items that are found to be in working condition and absent of any damage or defect upon inspection will incur a 25% restocking fee. standard group shipping – small parcel items shipped via ups or fedex for items delivered via ups or federal express, if the item you have received is damaged please do not refuse delivery. refusal of delivery may cause further damage or the shipment to be lost, possibly resulting in delayed compensation or no compensation at all. accept delivery and contact our customer service team at 800.544.4846 or customercare@1800lighting.com to report the damage. should the damage require that the item be returned, capitol lighting will process a return shipping label for the customer and deliver it to the customer via email or fax. large & oversized items – items shipped via truck/freight liner for items that are delivered via truck or freight liner, it is especially important that the shipment be inspected in the presence of the driver. it is the customer's responsibility to notate any physical damage on the delivery receipt provided by the driver, even if the damage appears to be negligible. customers who sign for delivery and fail to notate any damage on the delivery receipt for the driver assume responsibility if the merchandise is damaged. if the product is found to be significantly damaged you may refuse delivery. in such situations, please notify capitol lighting immediately of such refusal. compensation and replacements for damaged items capitol lighting does not wish to leave any customer with damaged or defective product. in order for capitol lighting to properly replace or compensate the customer for any damaged or defective product, it is especially important that the customer notify capitol lighting of such damage or defect immediately. any delay to do so may hinder capitol lighting's ability to offer product replacements or compensate the customer with a store credit or refund. replacing parts, glass, etc. many of the products sold by capitol lighting's 1800lighting.com consist of parts and require assembly. in the event that you receive a product with a damaged part or glass, this part or glass can usually be replaced within a matter of days. in the event that a damaged product can be repaired with a replacement part or glass, capitol lighting will provide such parts at no additional charge. however, in the event the customer wishes to return a damaged item that can be repaired with replacement parts or glass, the standard return policy will apply and applicable restocking and/or reshipping fees may be deducted from your refund. total loss damage occasionally, though rarely, damage incurred to an item in shipping may render that item beyond repair with any replacement parts or glass. in the event that a damaged product cannot be repaired with replacement parts or glass, capitol lighting will replace that damaged product at no charge. however, should the customer wish to simply return the damaged product with no replacement, the customer will receive a store credit in the full amount of the purchased value of the damaged item. this store credit can be used at any time towards a future purchase at capitol lighting's 1800lighting.com and will not expire until used. a note about product finishes and colors many of the items offered by capitol lighting's 1800lighting.com feature hand applied or organic finishes that may vary slightly from what you see on your screen. for this reason, and due to the fact that capitol lighting cannot control for the settings of any individual user's monitor that may distort the appearance of a color or product finish, variations in product color or finish will not necessarily constitute “product damage or defect.” in the event that you feel you have received an item with a defective finish, visual proof will be required for submittal to the manufacturer for review. upon manufacturer review, you may be entitled to a replacement or compensation for the item deemed defective. defective products – is your purchase not functioning properly? every item sold by capitol lighting's 1800lighting.com comes with a manufacturer's one year warranty that guarantees the electrical functioning of the item. the protection of this warranty is contingent upon the proper installation of the item by a licensed professional (please note that this warranty does not guarantee the durability of finishes on outdoor products). if an item you have purchased ceases to function properly, please contact our customer service staff at 1.800.544.4846 or customercare@1800lighting.com to report the problem. in most cases an electrically defective product can be replaced quickly and at no charge. reimbursement for any electrical work necessary to remove a defective item and install a replacement is not the responsibility of capitol lighting. such reimbursement is at the discretion of the manufacturer. in all cases, capitol lighting will leverage its strong vendor relationships to acquire full or close to full reimbursement for any additional work due to product defect. a note about product finishes on outdoor products while our manufacturers warranty their products up to one year from any electrical defects, our manufacturers do not guarantee the durability of any product finishes on outdoor products. our manufacturers cannot control for extreme weather conditions (such as high salt content air, acid rain, etc.) that may affect the appearance or durability of a product finish. payment options and procedures we accept american express, mastercard, visa, and discover as credit card payment. capitol lighting's 1800lighting.com only bills its customers for the amount of the items that have actually shipped. capitol lighting's 1800lighting.com does not bill its customers at the time of purchase. rather, 1800lighting.com will "authorize" the amount of your purchase with the issuing bank of your credit or debit card. that is, upon placing your order, 1800lighting.com will verify that the amount of your purchase is available against your current credit line or checking account. payment by credit card upon placing your order with capitol lighting’s 1800lighting.com with a credit card, the full amount of the purchase will be “authorized.” that is, this amount is held against your line of credit, though not actually collected (or "captured") for the period of not more than 30 days. should the production or availability of the first item(s) on your purchase dictate that items not ship within this 30 day period, the authorized amount will be released from your line of credit. subsequently, when items ship after this period, the amount of the items to ship will be billed as they ship. payment by debit card upon placing your order with capitol lighting’s 1800lighting.com with a debit or checking card, the full amount of the purchase, again, will be “authorized” against your checking account. please be advised that, while your bank statement may indicate that the full amount of the purchase has been charged against your checking account, capitol lighting absolutely does not bill its customers for merchandise that has not shipped. payment by check capitol lighting's 1800lighting.com will accept payment in the form of a check, though these purchases must be completed by phone only. for purchases paid by check, in stock items will not be shipped, and special order items will not be ordered from the respective manufacturers, until the check has cleared. there will be no exceptions to this policy. product descriptions, pricing and appearance product descriptions the product descriptions and images displayed on 1800lighting.com are provided by the individual manufacturers. product descriptions are transcribed directly from the catalogs of our respective manufacturers and capitol lighting and 1800lighting.com are not responsible for any misrepresentations. in the event of misrepresented product dimensions (product dimensions are typically accurate within 1-2 inches), capitol lighting and 1800lighting.com will be happy to investigate the matter with the manufacturer. be advised that any of the items offered by capitol lighting’s 1800lighting.com feature hand applied or organic finishes that may vary slightly from what you see on your screen. for this reason, and due to the fact that capitol lighting cannot control for the settings of any individual user’s monitor that may distort the appearance of a color or product finish, variations in product color or finish will not necessarily constitute “product damage or defect.” in the event that you feel you have received an item with a defective finish, visual proof will be required for submittal to the manufacturer for review. upon manufacturer review, you may be entitled to a replacement or compensation for the item deemed defective. product pricing the pricing of merchandise displayed on capitol lighting's 1800lighting.com is subject to the suggested pricing provided by our respective manufacturers. pricing is subject to change without notice. at the discretion of capitol lighting's 1800lighting.com, previous pricing and price quotes may not be applicable. capitol lighting offers more than 500,000 different lighting products on its website. product content is constantly being updated and added on a daily basis. occasionally but rarely, this process can result in the display of incorrect pricing. in the event that a customer places an order that is discovered to include an incorrect price, we reserve the right to advise the customer of correct pricing. the customer may agree to this correction or cancel the order for a full refund without penalty. price match guarantee capitol lighting's 1800lighting.com is committed to providing you with the guaranteed lowest price for your online purchase. for this purpose, capitol lighting's 1800lighting.com is proud to offer its 110% price guarantee. if within 10 days of placing your order at 1800lighting.com, you find a lower advertised price (including any shipping and handling charges) on the same individual item seen at 1800lighting.com, upon proper verification we will refund to you 110% of the difference. to qualify for our 110% price guarantee, the item(s) must meet the following criteria: the advertised price is from an authorized dealer of the given manufacturer of the product in question. prices from unauthorized dealers will not be honored. capitol lighting's 1800lighting.com will verify the status of any given dealer's reselling authority with the manufacturer. the product is in new and unopened/uninstalled condition. price guarantee is not applicable to on-sale, repackaged or clearance items. product in question must be of the same finish, crystal trim, and/or share any and all of the same options to which it is being compared. competitor pricing must be verifiable upon presentation of url link. price quotes must be verifiable by a 1800lighting.com representative. price guarantee is only applicable towards individual items. competitor discounts offered on quantity or trade purchases may not qualify. products from schonbek, minka lavery, minka aire, metropolitan and kovacs are excluded from our 110% price guarantee. to apply for our 110% price guarantee, simply email the complete url (web link) of the competitor's product web page, as well as your name, phone number and order number to priceguarantee@1800lighting.com. you will be contacted within 2-3 business days of receipt of claim. custom and made-to-order products through its strong and long lasting relationships, capitol lighting is able to offer custom products from top manufacturers like schonbek, fine art lamps, arroyo craftsman and american brass & crystal. custom orders require payment be submitted and captured in full at the time the order is placed. once a custom order is placed it cannot be cancelled. be advised that custom orders often require production and shipping lead times ranging anywhere from 6 to 12 weeks. custom orders cannot be returned under any circumstance. if you receive a custom order that is damaged beyond repair, a replacement will be made for you. in addition to custom orders, certain manufacturer products are entirely made-to-order and are not eligible for return. currently, these manufacturers are limited to arroyo craftsman and hubbardton forge. this list may change as capitol lighting continues to add more brands to the 1800lighting.com roster. be sure to check individual product pages for brand-specific return information. closeout products there are many items available for purchase at capitol lighting’s 1800lighting.com that are marked as closeout products and are further discounted from the low pricing already available across our entire online catalog. products that are sold as closeouts are subject to availability. should a closeout product become unavailable after placing an order, you will be notified immediately an all payment will be refunded promptly. all closeout products are sold as final sales. absolutely no returns will be accepted on closeout merchandise. if you receive a closeout product that is damaged, it must be reported within ten days of receipt, as per our damaged good policy. damaged closeout products will be replaced. if a replacement is not available, you will receive a full refund. our company the capitol lighting story showroom locations & hours contact us privacy policy shop advanced search current promotions brand directory 1800lightingpro(for professionals only) need assistance? customer support return policies track your order lighting articles faq's site map © 2009 capitol lighting, all rights reserved. lighting your home for over 80 years.