来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20120111082417/http://www.1800lighting.com/Outdoor-Lighting/Post-Lamps
================================================================================

outdoor lighting and light fixtures | capitol lighting please sign in to write review read reviews free ground shipping on orders over $49 details & exclusions excludes curb side delivery (ltl). lower 48 united states only. • shop the 4th of july sale catalog! skip to content login join our trade program tap to call us 1.800.544.4846 stores live chat menu search departments ceiling lighting chandeliers pendant lights close to ceiling island & linear led ceiling lighting architectural lighting systems recessed lighting view all ceiling lights wall lighting wall sconces bath vanity lighting art & display lighting wall swing lamps outdoor lighting outdoor wall lights landscape lighting & hardware outdoor ceiling lights post lamps pier lamps coastal grade outdoor lighting led outdoor lighting mounting hardware view all outdoor lighting portable lamps table lamps floor lamps desk & task lamps reading lamps rechargeable cordless lamps view all portable lamps fans & accessories all ceiling fans flush mount & hugger fans oversized fans fans with light kits outdoor rated fans portable fans extension & hanging hardware fan controls fan blades all fan accessories decor mirrors artwork wall decor table accents home accessories area rugs cabinet & task lighting undercabinet light bars all cabinet lighting furniture tables & desks chairs kitchen & bar stools chests & cabinets benches ottomans shop all furniture light bulbs led light bulbs vintage & nostalgic light bulbs incandescent light bulbs view all light bulbs switches & dimmers dimmers light switches wall plates electrical hardware brands featured brands alora lighting artcraft arteriors home capital lighting fixture co. corbett lighting currey and company generation lighting hinkley lighting hubbardton forge hudson valley lighting kalco lighting kichler lighting kuzco lighting maxim lighting minka aire mitzi quoizel savoy house troy lighting visual comfort fan collection visual comfort modern collection visual comfort signature collection visual comfort studio collection view all brands featured designers aerin alexa hampton barbara barry brian patrick flynn chapman & myers ellen degeneres ian k. fowler jonathan adler julie neill kate spade new york kelly wearstler libby langdon lisa mcdennon marie flanigan mark d. sikes martyn lawrence bullard paul smith peter bristol ralph lauren lauren ralph lauren sean lavin suzanne kasler thomas o'brien view all designers inspiration inspiration galleries kitchen inspiration bathroom inspiration bedroom inspiration dining room inspiration living room inspiration outdoor inspiration #livebriiliantly view all inspiration galleries illuminating experiences trends & edits resources & guides sizing calculators how-tos & diys shop by room live brighter blog summer lookbook on trend: shades of green made in america sales featured sales modern lighting sale kitchen lighting sale bathroom lighting sale bedroom lighting sale dining room lighting sale shop all sales and promotions clearance sales shop all clearance sales sales by category ceiling lighting on sale fans on sale outdoor lighting on sale portable lamps on sale wall lighting on sale save up to 70% on visual comfort clearance items services discover our services buy now pay later financing installation services pro commercial & hospitality pro residential & trade program product protection plans trade professionals program enjoy trade discounts and personalized service capitol care with clyde protect your purchase with capitol care buy now pay later pay over time when you pay with affirm login join our trade program tap to call us 1.800.544.4846 stores live chat search catalog close search search search account login/register cart: 0 outdoor lighting fixtures welcome your family and guests with style refine your results by: refine by category outdoor wall light (7050) outdoor ceiling lights (1914) outdoor post lamp (1591) landscape lighting (1344) coastal grade outdoor lighting (505) outdoor pier lamp (378) mounting hardware (253) outdoor lamps (97) security light (46) string light (45) bulb type flourescent (30) halogen (182) incandescent (8157) led (4172) promotions best seller (1040) closeout (693) new (1469) sale (5120) clearance (309) ready to ship in stock and ready to ship (10572) outdoor wall light outdoor hanging lantern outdoor flush mount outdoor post lamp outdoor pier lamp landscape lighting coastal grade outdoor lighting string light security light mounting hardware shop all outdoor lighting common outdoor lighting mistakes & how to avoid them outdoor lighting is a crucial, yet often overlooked, element of styling your home. here are a few of the biggest outdoor lighting mistakes, how to avoid them, and how to choose outdoor lighting fixtures for your home. read more the ultimate guide to landscape & driveway lighting landscape lighting adds an extra design element the elevates the look of a home and creates a welcoming and safe entrance. these tips will help you get the right illumination and style for your outdoor landscape lighting. read more how to illuminate the front of your home once a home is perfectly illuminated on the inside, it’s time to consider exterior lights. discover outdoor lighting ideas for the front of the house to give it the perfect balance between outdoor and indoor illumination. read more outdoor lighting fixtures for patio, landscape, and more transform your exterior space into a beautiful, well-lit oasis with the help of outdoor lights from 1800lighting. the exterior of your property is the first thing guests and visitors will see when they arrive at your home. as the saying goes, you'll get no second chance to make a good first impression. choosing the right exterior lamp or exterior light setup can make an amazing difference in your home's curb appeal. it can bolster its safety and security as well as its value. at 1800lighting, we're pros at helping our customers design a delightful, welcoming outdoor scheme that sets the stage exactly the way you want it. our extensive inventory of outdoor wall lights and outdoor hanging lighting for sale means you can get any kind of effect you set out to achieve. whether you're looking for ultra-stylish outdoor wall lights or ceiling lights that play to your specific decór scheme or want to illuminate pathways and gardens with enchanting outdoor post lamps and landscape lights, you will discover an amazing selection of illumination options here. our assortment of lighting fixtures is unmatched, with selections in an incredible variety of finishes, brands, and bulb types to choose from. we can help you upgrade to long-lasting, energy-efficient, and eco-friendly outdoor leds or provide you with classic incandescent external porch or patio lighting at a great value. shop online at the 1800lighing website or in one of our capitol lighting stores in new jersey or florida to find the ideal outdoor light for your specific space. we can accommodate any kind of design scheme, from old-fashioned to modern. highlight your home's architectural features with exterior wall lights featuring show-stopping fixtures in styles ranging from clean, contemporary cylinders to antique-inspired bronze outdoor fixtures. draw the attention of guests and visitors upward — to your archways, patio canopies, outdoor kitchen ceilings, and other ethereal heights — with one of our elegant outdoor ceiling lights. do you want to boost your home's curb appeal? learn how to do so effectively by reading about the eight great fixtures that will do so quickly and easily. outdoor lighting finishes and styles there are nearly as many options for outdoor lighting as there are for indoor light fixtures. the many difference is that outdoor fixtures must be able to stand up to the elements. for this reason, you will find that outdoor lighting fixtures have heavier housing, waterproofing, and protective coating. the following are the types of outdoor lighting fixtures you can find at capitol lighting or on the 1800lighting website. outdoor wall lights walls may be one of the most obvious and readily accessible places to add lighting, particularly if there is existing wiring in place. outdoor wall lights beautify the exterior of the home, illuminate walkways, and create ambiance. ceiling lights for outdoor areas if you have an overhang, porch roof, or enclosed patio roof, it's an ideal location for outdoor lighting. make these spaces more attractive, practical, and safer with outdoor ceiling fixtures. outdoor post lamps outdoor post lamps are the perfect solution for dark spaces in the yard that house lighting can't reach. post lamps are also attractive decorative features, even in daylight. whether you install one or a series, they will be an attractive addition to your exterior decór. landscape lighting fixtures show off your carefully manicured landscaping and light pathways with landscaping lighting fixtures. landscape lighting helps to show off the colors of your yard at night and gives your yard a more finished, professional look. check out our guide to landscape lighting for tips and ideas! security lighting statistically, homes with adequate security lighting are less likely to be burglarized or vandalized than those without. install subtle, motion-sensor lighting that will wash your exterior in light when an intruder approaches. we have both spotlights and floodlights available. exterior lighting faqs what if i don't have existing exterior wiring? if you want to add outdoor lighting fixtures, but don't have exterior wiring, contact an electrician and ask for an estimate. be clear if you wish to add wall lights, hanging lights, landscape lighting, etc. how can i ensure the wiring doesn't get wet? if you're not having a professional electrician install your lighting, review the instructions from the manufacturer. in most cases, they'll recommend sealing the fixtures with silicone-based caulking. can i install interior lighting fixtures outside? no. some lighting fixtures are rated for indoor-outdoor use, but unless a product specifically states that it's rated for outdoor installation, assume it isn't. for more information about outdoor lighting fixtures, stop in at a capitol lighting showroom or reach out to our customer service personnel at 1800lighting.com. outdoor lighting ideas for your home you can create a one-of-a-kind design statement when you install an outdoor wall light or hanging outdoor fixture that brings the indoors outside. these products are great for al fresco dining, entertaining, or any other time you want to enjoy gorgeous weather outside with friends or family. you will find a practical side as well as an aesthetic approach in our outdoor external lights as well. keep things purely utilitarian with affordable flush-mount lights that provide the perfect atmosphere for outdoor working, entertaining, dining, and other activities. 1800lighting can also help you find practical and great-looking landscape lighting, outdoor security lights, and outdoor pier lamps that will provide your commercial or residential landscape with extra safety and security as well as style. for further inspiration, check out our outdoor lighting guide. all of the 1800 lighting/capitol lighting exterior light collections come in an amazing variety of styles, so you can find something that suits your particular decorative scheme, whether it be nautical, traditional, mediterranean, or ultra-modern. we specialize in providing top-notch lighting brands, including hinkley lighting, troy lighting, quoizel, capital lighting fixture company, and visual comfort and co. and, with every purchase from our store, you get a 110 percent best-price guarantee, easy returns, and free shipping. that means you can shop with total confidence and ensure you'll be pleased with your experience with us from start to finish. read more your browser's javascript functionality is turned off. please turn it on so that you can experience the full capabilities of this site. exclusive offers thanks for subscribing! check your inbox for 20% off your first purchase! this email has already been used. sign up for notifications of special promotions and offers from capitol lighting connect with us customer service customer support shipping return policies track your order site map our company the capitol lighting story career opportunities showroom locations & hours press room contact us privacy policy terms and conditions cookie preferences become an affiliate shop blog current promotions brand directory trade professionals program commercial and hospitality projects capitol care protection plans installation services 1.800.544.4846 live chat online now contact us responses within 24 hours digital catalog shop the curated selection back to top guest id: © 2018 capitol lighting. all rights reserved.&nbsplighting your home for over 100 years. $