来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20171212033623/https://www.1800lighting.com/Fans/mn/N-b1/
================================================================================

capitol lighting's 1800lighting.com - residential and commercial lighting please sign in to write review read reviews free ground shipping on orders over $49 details & exclusions excludes curb side delivery (ltl). lower 48 united states only. • shop the 4th of july sale catalog! skip to content login join our trade program tap to call us 1.800.544.4846 stores live chat menu search departments ceiling lighting chandeliers pendant lights close to ceiling island & linear led ceiling lighting architectural lighting systems recessed lighting view all ceiling lights wall lighting wall sconces bath vanity lighting art & display lighting wall swing lamps outdoor lighting outdoor wall lights landscape lighting & hardware outdoor ceiling lights post lamps pier lamps coastal grade outdoor lighting led outdoor lighting mounting hardware view all outdoor lighting portable lamps table lamps floor lamps desk & task lamps reading lamps rechargeable cordless lamps view all portable lamps fans & accessories all ceiling fans flush mount & hugger fans oversized fans fans with light kits outdoor rated fans portable fans extension & hanging hardware fan controls fan blades all fan accessories decor mirrors artwork wall decor table accents home accessories area rugs cabinet & task lighting undercabinet light bars all cabinet lighting furniture tables & desks chairs kitchen & bar stools chests & cabinets benches ottomans shop all furniture light bulbs led light bulbs vintage & nostalgic light bulbs incandescent light bulbs view all light bulbs switches & dimmers dimmers light switches wall plates electrical hardware brands featured brands alora lighting artcraft arteriors home capital lighting fixture co. corbett lighting currey and company generation lighting hinkley lighting hubbardton forge hudson valley lighting kalco lighting kichler lighting kuzco lighting maxim lighting minka aire mitzi quoizel savoy house troy lighting visual comfort fan collection visual comfort modern collection visual comfort signature collection visual comfort studio collection view all brands featured designers aerin alexa hampton barbara barry brian patrick flynn chapman & myers ellen degeneres ian k. fowler jonathan adler julie neill kate spade new york kelly wearstler libby langdon lisa mcdennon marie flanigan mark d. sikes martyn lawrence bullard paul smith peter bristol ralph lauren lauren ralph lauren sean lavin suzanne kasler thomas o'brien view all designers inspiration inspiration galleries kitchen inspiration bathroom inspiration bedroom inspiration dining room inspiration living room inspiration outdoor inspiration #livebriiliantly view all inspiration galleries illuminating experiences trends & edits resources & guides sizing calculators how-tos & diys shop by room live brighter blog summer lookbook on trend: shades of green made in america sales featured sales modern lighting sale kitchen lighting sale bathroom lighting sale bedroom lighting sale dining room lighting sale shop all sales and promotions clearance sales shop all clearance sales sales by category ceiling lighting on sale fans on sale outdoor lighting on sale portable lamps on sale wall lighting on sale save up to 70% on visual comfort clearance items services discover our services buy now pay later financing installation services pro commercial & hospitality pro residential & trade program product protection plans trade professionals program enjoy trade discounts and personalized service capitol care with clyde protect your purchase with capitol care buy now pay later pay over time when you pay with affirm login join our trade program tap to call us 1.800.544.4846 stores live chat search catalog close search search search account login/register cart: 0 cue the fireworks! no need to wait! save up to 70% during the 4th of july sale preview! save now new digital catalog! 4th of july sale catalog discover savings of up to 70% on our premiere selection of lighting, fans and more! shop now popular categories ceiling lighting outdoor lighting wall lighting fans lamps home decor up to 20% off outdoor lighting the great outdoors sale upgrade your home's curb appeal and save, featuring troy lighting save now up to 20% off kitchen lighting it's kitchen renovation season designer lighting savings for a gourmet kitchen save now up to 20% off bathroom lighting bathroom savings that sparkle revamp the bath with savings on vanity lights, flush mounts and more save now pros save up to 30% join our trade professional's program enjoy exclusive trade pricing, services and more! join today shop the space airy kitchen & seamless outdoor retreat relaxed living meets understated elegance in this open-concept kitchen and alfresco lounge save now why shop with capitol lighting trusted since 1924 over 100 years of dedication, loyalty and trust. lighting experts industry trained and certified consultants at the ready. pricing guarantee shop confidently with 110% price protection guarantee. family owned dedicated to treating customers and employees like family. customer service top ratings across all major customer review sites. indoor and outdoor lighting fixtures for residential and commercial spaces america’s #1 lighting store for over a century thank you for visiting the best lighting store in america: capitol lighting's 1800lighting.com. capitol lighting first opened its doors in 1924 in newark, new jersey. for over a century, we have been providing our customers with the best service, best experience, and the best variety in available lighting brands. we've helped millions of customers beautify and illuminate their homes for over 100 years. you can stop in at one of our lighting stores located throughout florida and new jersey, including fort lauderdale, boca raton, palm beach gardens, and stuart in florida, and paramus, eatontown, and east hanover in new jersey. or you can find all of our products online. capitol lighting and 1800lighting is america’s top online and in-store lighting store. thousands of lighting brands available online and in showrooms we know you have a lot of choices when it comes when finding the best lighting brands and visual comfort options for your home or business. we're honored that you stopped by for your lighting and home décor needs. we appreciate the opportunity to provide you with the very best options for ceiling light fixtures, wall art and décor, ceiling fans, lamps, and accessories available online. our online store offers an exhaustive selection of lighting brands and styles from both the most up-and-coming lighting designers as well as the timelessly classic manufacturers that you've come to know and trust for their quality designs and beautiful style. a comprehensive selection of lighting options to meet your needs are you searching for professional landscape lighting options? a unique foyer or entryway lighting fixture or wall sconce? a spectacular, statement crystal chandelier for your dining room, or a whimsical ceiling fan for your child's bedroom? whatever lighting fixtures you have in mind, you are sure to find them at 1800lighting. from bedrooms to offices and from kitchens to outdoor spaces, we're your go-to source for lighting fixtures that will not only add a sense of practicality to your space but will offer an eye-catching, conversation-starting piece that will last for many, many years. reliable, friendly service & best price guarantees 1800lighting is a family-owned business that guarantees reliable, friendly service and unbeatable prices when it comes to residential and commercial lighting fixtures. in fact, 1800lighting offers a 110% best-price guarantee, so you are certain to receive the best price with your purchase. here, you'll find top-quality light fixtures, lamps, and home décor lighting options. capitol lighting remains true to its pledge to satisfy the individual lighting demands of all its customers with the utmost care and proficiency. with nearly 100 years of experience in the residential and commercial lighting fixtures business, we strive to be the very best. it's our mission to keep you updated with the latest in ceiling lights, wall lights, lamps, outdoor lights, and decorative accent furniture from the most trusted vendors worldwide.  see our customer service faq for more information about residential and commercial lighting fixtures. outstanding lighting sectional and novel home décor vendors enjoy browsing our easy-to-navigate website. our user-friendly filters are designed to help you find everything — from a customized "house of lights" package to original gift ideas. we offer an outstanding selection of table and floor lamps from quoizel lighting fixtures, decorative accessories from uttermost, and novel items from many other trusted light fixtures and home décor vendors. top-quality brands in lighting and ceiling fans at 1800lighting, you will find state-of-the-art ceiling fans for every room of your home. from renowned, legendary ceiling fan brands like casablanca ceiling fans and hunter ceiling fans, you'll find avant-garde pieces that feature the newest and best in design and function. shop the fabulous outdoor and landscape lights from kichler lighting and hinkley lighting. browse the brilliant rail lights and pendants from uttermost lamps and home decor and tech lighting. take a moment and appreciate the exquisite detail and craftsmanship of schonbek light fixtures and lighting fixtures. top-quality light bulbs, track and recessed lights, and energy-saving strategies — enjoy all this and more. our light fixture professionals are here to serve you. 1800lighting provides the best: ceiling lights, wall lights, table, and floor lamps, outdoor lights, and home décor. make your home shine with peak performance. find decorative lamps and accent light fixtures that are designed to fulfill your illuminating vision. go traditional, go high-tech futuristic, and be uniquely eclectic. at capitol lighting, you'll find the best quality and value for a lifetime of grand illumination. quality lighting options for any season every ceiling light, wall light, lamp, outdoor light, decorative accent item, and accessory is guaranteed to offer outstanding quality and performance. looking for something a bit different? make sure to explore our selection of arc floor lamps and torchiere lamps for delightful options; you'll find something different here. whether you purchase visual comfort items, home decór items, and lighting options from us, we want to hear back from you. let us keep you bright and beautiful season after season and year after year with top light fixture fashions and superb new home décor items. you are only as bright as the company you keep: so keep shining with us — your partners in exquisite lighting and home design. we stand by you one light at a time, every step of the way and we hope to exceed your expectations! the best prices and family friendly service we have multiple lighting stores throughout florida and new jersey, as well as a user-friendly online store that has all of our lighting options. find what you are looking for and more: unique light fixtures, novel home accessories, top-quality ceiling fans, and the latest led outdoor lights. we guarantee the best prices, best quality, and best service. no job is too big or too small. we look forward to serving you and providing the most brilliant illumination for your home, your office, and beyond. trust capitol lighting's professional consultants to guide you in your next commercial job. we have top-quality, energy-efficient ceiling light fixtures, desk lamps, and outdoor lights to cater to your budget and get the job done promptly and precisely to your individual specifications. competitive price quotes and family-friendly service: we offer a great combination here. enjoy unique lights and novelty items from up-and-coming artists and famous artisans at home and abroad, as well as the best in value from leading light fixture and home accessory vendors at the best lighting store: 1800lighting. read more your browser's javascript functionality is turned off. please turn it on so that you can experience the full capabilities of this site. exclusive offers thanks for subscribing! check your inbox for 20% off your first purchase! this email has already been used. sign up for notifications of special promotions and offers from capitol lighting connect with us customer service customer support shipping return policies track your order site map our company the capitol lighting story career opportunities showroom locations & hours press room contact us privacy policy terms and conditions cookie preferences become an affiliate shop blog current promotions brand directory trade professionals program commercial and hospitality projects capitol care protection plans installation services 1.800.544.4846 live chat online now contact us responses within 24 hours digital catalog shop the curated selection back to top guest id: © 2018 capitol lighting. all rights reserved.&nbsplighting your home for over 100 years. $