来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20181213145958/https://www.1800lighting.com/customer-support
================================================================================

customer support | capitol lighting please sign in to write review read reviews free ground shipping on orders over $49 details & exclusions excludes curb side delivery (ltl). lower 48 united states only. skip to content login join our trade program tap to call us 1.800.544.4846 stores menu search lighting ceiling lights chandeliers pendant lighting flush mounts semi flush mounts island and linear lighting track, rail and cable lighting led ceiling lighting recessed lighting switches, dimmers, outlets light bulbs shop all ceiling lights outdoor lights outdoor wall lights landscape lighting outdoor ceiling lights post lamps outdoor posts outdoor pier lamps led outdoor lighting light bulbs shop all outdoor lights wall lights wall sconces bath vanity lighting art and display lighting wall swing lamps led wall lighting switches, dimmers, outlets light bulbs shop all wall lights under cabinet lights light bars puck lights tape lights strip lights cabinet lighting hardware led under cabinet lighting fans ceiling fans all ceiling fans flush mount ceiling fans ceiling fans with lights chandelier fans oversized fans multi head ceiling fans outdoor fans all outdoor rated fans outdoor fans with lights tropical outdoor fans portable fans table and desk fans wall mounted fans floor fans fan accessories and parts extension rods fan controls fan lighting kits fan blades all fan accessories and parts shop all fan products lamps table lamps classic table lamps desk and task lamps accent lamps modern table lamps tiffany glass table lamps shop all table lamps floor lamps classic floor lamps reading lamps torch lamps arc lamps shop all floor lamps shop all lamps decor mirrors wall mirrors tall and floor mirrors shop all mirrors wall art and decor paintings prints alternative wall art clocks candle sconces shop all wall decor table accents vases and urns decorative bottles and containers figurines and statuettes accent boxes candelabras decorative bowls shop all table accents furniture seating and occasional chairs accent and dining tables, desks cabinets, chests and storage shop all furniture home accents bathroom hardware and decor decorative pillows planters and botanicals shop all home accents sale featured sales bathroom lighting sale kitchen lighting sale modern lighting sale chandelier sale pendant lighting sale shop all sales and promotions lighting sales ceiling lights on sale outdoor lights on sale wall lights on sale lamp sales table lamps on sale floor lamps on sale fan sales all fans on sale brands shop all brands arteriors home capital lighting fixture co. corbett lighting currey and company dweled et2 lighting see more fanimation hinkley lighting hubbardton forge hudson valley lighting kichler lighting maxim lighting see more minka aire mitzi modern forms monte carlo fan quoizel savoy house see more schonbek sonneman tech lighting troy lighting visual comfort and co. view all brands login join our trade program tap to call us 1.800.544.4846 stores search catalog close search search search account login/register cart: 0 frequently asked questions faqs placing an order payment methods changing or cancellation of an order 110% price match guarantee international information (except canada) trade professional program shipping policies shipping information shipments to canada returns and replacements general return policy report a damaged or defective item product disclaimer frequently asked questions frequently asked questions faq what if i purchase an item and then i see it somewhere else cheaper? can i change my order? can i return an item if it doesn't work out? when do i get my refund once i have returned an item? if i return an item how is my refund calculated? how do i return a product? what should i do if my credit card has been refused when placing an order? do i get charged when my order is placed or when it ships? do you ship overseas? do the items i’ve purchased have any warranty? do you offer discounts on large quantity orders? why am i being charged shipping when your site says, "free shipping for orders over $49?" does capitol lighting charge sales tax? if i place an order online, can i pick it up in a capitol lighting showroom? if i place an order online, in the event i’d like to return it, can i return it to a capitol lighting showroom? faq answers what if i purchase an item and then i see it somewhere else cheaper? capitol lighting and 1800lighting.com are committed to providing you with the guaranteed lowest price for your online purchase. for this purpose, 1800lighting.com is proud to offer its 110% price guarantee. if within 10 days of placing your order at 1800lighting.com, you find a lower and verifiable advertised price (including any shipping and handling charges) on the same individual item seen at 1800lighting.com, upon proper verification we will refund to you 110% of the difference. for full details on our 110% price guarantee, please click here. back to top can i change my order? once your order is placed we go to work to fulfill your purchase as quickly as possible. this means that changes or cancellation requests cannot always be fulfilled. you should also know that once an order is placed, it cannot be changed online. your full satisfaction and commitment to the accuracy of your order is always our top priority. as such, you may contact customer service to make a request for a change or cancellation. we will make our best efforts to apply the requested change. if the item ships prior to confirmation of a cancellation or change request, you may return it following our standard return policy, which you can review in full detail by clicking here. note that many items that are non-returnable cannot be cancelled. back to top when do i get my refund once i have returned an item? we realize that refunds are a priority for our customers. once we have received and inspected the item we are usually able to apply the refund onto the original payment card within one week. should there be any delays in processing your refund upon receipt of your return, you will be contacted by a member of our customer experience team. back to top if i return an item how is my refund calculated? we work closely with our vendor partners to absorb any costs associated with returning products. for a select few vendor partners, however, modest restocking fees may apply to your return. these restocking fees, where applicable, are described on our product detail pages. if you change your mind and decide to return an item that is defined as returnable (e.g. non-closeouts and non-custom products), you are responsible for the return shipping costs. if you receive an item that is damaged, defective or if it is not what you ordered, we will, of course, provide a replacement at no charge. to view our full return policy, please click here. back to top how do i return a product? if you want to return an item you may do so within 30 days of receipt as long as it is defined as a returnable item. just contact customer service and we will provide pre-paid return labels. we will need your help in packaging up the item, adding the label to the box and making it available for pick up. for registered customers, you are also able to initiate returns by logging into your account and navigating to your order history. back to top what should i do if my credit card has been refused when placing an order? check that all the details you have entered on the checkout page are correct, including the billing address associated with the credit card. if it is refused after that, try another credit card or payment method like paypal or amazon pay. contact customer service if you feel that your card is being refused due to our error. in some cases we may recommend that you contact your credit card company to get the issue resolved. back to top do i get charged when my order is placed or when it ships? for orders placed using credit cards, the full amount of the purchase is only authorized when your order is placed. this authorization acts as a hold of the full amount of the purchase on your credit card but is not actually charged. this authorization will typically appear on your credit card activity as “pending”. your credit card is charged as merchandise ships and you are only charged for the merchandise that ships as it ships. for orders placed using paypal, amazon pay or our payment financing option provided by affirm, payment is collected in full at the time of purchase. back to top do you ship overseas? unfortunately, capitol lighting does not ship outside of the united states and canada. to facilitate overseas shipments, you must have your order shipped to a us-based international freight forwarder. back to top do the items i’ve purchased have any warranty? all electrified products sold by capitol lighting included one-year manufacturer warranties that guarantee the proper and safe functioning of the product. unless otherwise specified on the product detail page, this warranty does not cover “wear and tear” or the durability of finishes over time. for outdoor products in particular, certain items are sold with additional warranties that specifically cover the durability of finishes on outdoor products. such warranties, where applicable, are specified on our product detail pages. back to top do you offer discounts on large quantity orders? we offer discounts for members of the trade such as designers, architects and contractors who have presented appropriate credentials and been approved. to learn more about our trade professionals program and to fill out a free application, please click here. if you are not a member of a relevant trade but would like to inquire about a large purchase quote, please contact our sales team. back to top why am i being charged shipping when your site says, "free shipping for orders over $49?" free shipping does not apply to certain oversized, fragile or special order items. in addition, some manufacturers require additional handling fees. where applicable, these charges will be specified on the product detail page as a large item shipping surcharge. to read our shipping policies in full, please click here. back to top does capitol lighting charge sales tax? capitol lighting is required by law to charge sales tax on orders that ship to an address within the states of new jersey and florida. we do not add sales tax unless we are required by law to do so. if sales tax applies to your order it will be automatically calculated during checkout. for industry professionals such as designers, contractors and architects within new jersey and florida who have a resale license, taxes can be waived with the submission of a valid resale license. please contact our customer experience team and we can assist you in submitting the proper tax exemption forms. back to top if i place an order online, can i pick it up in a capitol lighting showroom? answer tbd based on development of capability. back to top if i place an order online, in the event i’d like to return it, can i return it to a capitol lighting showroom? answer tbd based on development of capability. back to top your browser's javascript functionality is turned off. please turn it on so that you can experience the full capabilities of this site. exclusive offers thanks for subscribing! check your inbox for 15% off your first purchase! this email has already been used. sign up for notifications of special promotions and offers from capitol lighting connect with us customer service customer support shipping return policies track your order manage emails site map our company the capitol lighting story career opportunities showroom locations & hours press room contact us privacy policy become an affiliate shop blog current promotions brand directory trade professionals program 1.800.544.48468:30am - 10:00pm est email usresponses within 24 hours back to top send set name set transcript end chat connecting thank you for connecting with us guest id: © 2018 capitol lighting. all rights reserved.&nbsplighting your home for over 90 years. https://www.1800lighting.com/checkout/cart/ 1896b36953985a728055b9900e 0.0 0.0 0.0 0.0 0.0 usd $