来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20191231031020/https://www.1800lighting.com/
================================================================================

capitol lighting's 1800lighting.com - residential and commercial lighting please sign in to write review read reviews free ground shipping on orders over $49 details & exclusions excludes curb side delivery (ltl). lower 48 united states only. skip to content login join our trade program tap to call us 1.800.544.4846 stores menu search lighting ceiling lights chandeliers pendant lighting flush mounts semi flush mounts island and linear lighting track, rail and cable lighting led ceiling lighting recessed lighting switches, dimmers, outlets light bulbs shop all ceiling lights outdoor lights outdoor wall lights landscape lighting outdoor ceiling lights post lamps outdoor posts outdoor pier lamps led outdoor lighting light bulbs shop all outdoor lights wall lights wall sconces bath vanity lighting art and display lighting wall swing lamps led wall lighting switches, dimmers, outlets light bulbs shop all wall lights under cabinet lights light bars puck lights tape lights strip lights cabinet lighting hardware led under cabinet lighting fans ceiling fans all ceiling fans flush mount ceiling fans ceiling fans with lights chandelier fans oversized fans multi head ceiling fans outdoor fans all outdoor rated fans outdoor fans with lights tropical outdoor fans portable fans table and desk fans wall mounted fans floor fans fan accessories and parts extension rods fan controls fan lighting kits fan blades all fan accessories and parts shop all fan products lamps table lamps classic table lamps desk and task lamps accent lamps modern table lamps tiffany glass table lamps shop all table lamps floor lamps classic floor lamps reading lamps torch lamps arc lamps shop all floor lamps shop all lamps decor mirrors wall mirrors tall and floor mirrors shop all mirrors wall art and decor paintings prints alternative wall art clocks candle sconces shop all wall decor table accents vases and urns decorative bottles and containers figurines and statuettes accent boxes candelabras decorative bowls shop all table accents furniture seating and occasional chairs accent and dining tables, desks cabinets, chests and storage shop all furniture home accents bathroom hardware and decor decorative pillows planters and botanicals shop all home accents sale featured sales bathroom lighting sale kitchen lighting sale modern lighting sale chandelier sale pendant lighting sale shop all sales and promotions lighting sales ceiling lights on sale outdoor lights on sale wall lights on sale lamp sales table lamps on sale floor lamps on sale fan sales all fans on sale brands shop all brands arteriors home capital lighting fixture co. corbett lighting currey and company dweled et2 lighting see more fanimation hinkley lighting hubbardton forge hudson valley lighting kichler lighting maxim lighting see more minka aire mitzi modern forms monte carlo fan quoizel savoy house see more schonbek sonneman tech lighting troy lighting visual comfort and co. view all brands login join our trade program tap to call us 1.800.544.4846 stores search catalog close search search search account login/register cart: 0 final sales of the year save up to 15% on select brands save now popular categories ceiling lighting outdoor lighting wall lighting fans lamps home decor shop the chandelier sale add the final finishing touch before the holidays save 15% on chandeliers from savoy house shop now shop the end of year sale the last best sale of year save 15% on lighting for every indoor and outdoor space with elk lighting save now put away the tools buy it installed® trust professional craftsmen with convenient and affordable installation. learn more shop progress lighting discover progress lighting shop thousands of lighting and ceiling fan products. shop now pros save up to 30% join our trade professional's program enjoy exclusive trade pricing, services and more! join today shop the new collections designer spotlight: aerin discover the new modern casual designs, for visual comfort and co. shop now why shop with capitol lighting trusted since 1924 over nine decades of dedication, loyalty and trust. lighting experts industry trained and certified consultants at the ready. pricing guarantee shop confidently with 110% price protection guarantee. family owned dedicated to treating customers and employees like family. customer service top ratings across all major customer review sites. capitol lighting | your store for any light fixture, floor lamp or chandelier america's choice for nearly a centurythank you for visiting the best lighting store in america: 1800lighting. capitol lighting first opened its doors in 1924 in newark, new jersey. for almost a century, we have been providing our customers with the best service, best experience and the best variety in available lighting brands. we've helped millions of customers beautify and illuminate their homes for over 90 years.thousands of choices for your visual comfort needswe know you have a lot of choices when it comes when finding the best lighting options and visual comfort options for your home or business. we're honored that you stopped by for your lighting and home décor needs. we appreciate the opportunity to provide you with the very best options for ceiling light fixtures, wall art and décor, ceiling fans, lamps and accessories available online. our online store offers an exhaustive selection of lighting from both the most up-and-coming lighting brands, as well as the timelessly classic brands that you've come to know and trust for their quality designs and beautiful style.a comprehensive selection to meet your needsare you searching for a professional landscape lighting design? a unique foyer or entryway light fixture or wall sconce? a spectacular, statement crystal chandelier for your dining room, or a whimsical ceiling fan for your child's bedroom? whatever your needs may be, you are sure to find it at 1800lighting. from bedrooms to offices and from kitchens to outdoor spaces, we're your go-to source for lighting that will not only add a sense of practicality to your space, but will offer an eye-catching, conversation-starting piece that will last for many, many years.reliable, friendly service & best-price guarantees1800lighting is a family-owned business that guarantees reliable, friendly service and unbeatable prices. in fact,1800lighting offers a 110% best-price guarantee, so you are certain to receive the best price with your purchase. here, you'll find top-quality light fixtures, lamps and home décor; capitol lighting remains true to its pledge to satisfy individual lighting demands of all its customers with the utmost of care and proficiency. with nearly 100 years of experience in the light fixture and home décor business, we strive to be the very best; it's our mission to keep you updated with the latest in ceiling lights, wall lights, lamps, outdoor lights and decorative accent furniture from the most trusted vendors worldwide.outstanding lighting; novel decorenjoy browsing our easy-to-navigate website. our user-friendly filters are designed to help you find everything — from a customized "house of lights" package to original gift ideas. we offer an outstanding selection of table and floor lamps from quoizel, decorative accessories from uttermost and novel items from many other trusted light fixture and home décor vendors.ceiling fans, landscape lights, top-quality brandsat 1800lighting you will find state-of-the art ceiling fans for every room of your home. from renown, legendary ceiling fan brands like casablanca, hunter and minka-aire, you'll find the state-of-the-art pieces that feature the newest and best in design and function. shop the fabulous outdoor and landscape lights from kichler lighting and hinkley lighting. browse the brilliant rail lights and pendants from uttermost and tech lighting. take a moment and appreciate the exquisite detail and craftsmanship of schonbek chandeliers and lighting fixtures. top-quality light bulbs, track and recessed lights, and energy-saving strategies — enjoy all this and more; our light fixture professionals are here to serve you. 1800lighting provides the best: ceiling lights, wall lights, table and floor lamps, outdoor lights and home décor. make your home shines with peak performance. find decorative lamps and accent light fixtures that are designed to fulfill your illuminating vision. go traditional, go high-tech futuristic, be uniquely eclectic. here, you'll find the best quality and value for a lifetime of grand illumination.quality guaranteedevery ceiling light, wall light, lamp, outdoor light, decorative accent item and accessory is guaranteed to offer outstanding quality and performance. looking for something a bit different? make sure to explore our selection of arc floor lamps and torchiere lamps for delightful options; you'll find something different here.when you purchase visual comfort items and lighting options from us, we want to hear back from you. let us keep you bright and beautiful season after season and year after year with top light fixture fashions and superb new home décor items. you are only as bright as the company you keep: so keep shining with us — your partners in exquisite lighting and home design. we stand by you one light at a time, every step of the way…and, we hope to exceed your expectations!best prices; no job is too big or too smallfind what you are looking for and more: unique light fixtures, novel home accessories, top-quality ceiling fans and the latest led outdoor lights. we guarantee the best prices, best quality and best service. no job is too big or too small. we look forward to serving you and providing the most brilliant illumination for your home, your office and beyond. trust capitol lighting's professional consultants to guide you in your next commercial job. we have top quality, energy-efficient ceiling light fixtures, desk lamps and outdoor lights to cater to your budget and get the job done promptly and precisely to your individual specifications. competitive price quotes and family-friendly service: we offer a great combination here. enjoy unique lights and novelty items from up-and-coming artists and famous artisans at home and abroad, as well as the best in value from leading light fixture and home accessory vendors at the best lighting store: 1800lighting. read more your browser's javascript functionality is turned off. please turn it on so that you can experience the full capabilities of this site. exclusive offers thanks for subscribing! check your inbox for 15% off your first purchase! this email has already been used. sign up for notifications of special promotions and offers from capitol lighting connect with us customer service customer support shipping return policies track your order manage emails site map our company the capitol lighting story career opportunities showroom locations & hours press room contact us privacy policy become an affiliate shop blog current promotions brand directory trade professionals program 1.800.544.48468:30am - 10:00pm est email usresponses within 24 hours back to top send set name set transcript end chat connecting thank you for connecting with us guest id: © 2018 capitol lighting. all rights reserved.&nbsplighting your home for over 90 years. https://www.1800lighting.com/checkout/cart/ 5e91d4d648718d6adbce9fa328 0.0 0.0 0.0 0.0 0.0 usd $