来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20191231031020/https://www.1800lighting.com/general-return-policy/
================================================================================

return policy | capitol lighting please sign in to write review read reviews free ground shipping on orders over $49 details & exclusions excludes curb side delivery (ltl). lower 48 united states only. skip to content login join our trade program tap to call us 1.800.544.4846 stores menu search lighting ceiling lights chandeliers pendant lighting flush mounts semi flush mounts island and linear lighting track, rail and cable lighting led ceiling lighting recessed lighting switches, dimmers, outlets light bulbs shop all ceiling lights outdoor lights outdoor wall lights landscape lighting outdoor ceiling lights post lamps outdoor posts outdoor pier lamps led outdoor lighting light bulbs shop all outdoor lights wall lights wall sconces bath vanity lighting art and display lighting wall swing lamps led wall lighting switches, dimmers, outlets light bulbs shop all wall lights under cabinet lights light bars puck lights tape lights strip lights cabinet lighting hardware led under cabinet lighting fans ceiling fans all ceiling fans flush mount ceiling fans ceiling fans with lights chandelier fans oversized fans multi head ceiling fans outdoor fans all outdoor rated fans outdoor fans with lights tropical outdoor fans portable fans table and desk fans wall mounted fans floor fans fan accessories and parts extension rods fan controls fan lighting kits fan blades all fan accessories and parts shop all fan products lamps table lamps classic table lamps desk and task lamps accent lamps modern table lamps tiffany glass table lamps shop all table lamps floor lamps classic floor lamps reading lamps torch lamps arc lamps shop all floor lamps shop all lamps decor mirrors wall mirrors tall and floor mirrors shop all mirrors wall art and decor paintings prints alternative wall art clocks candle sconces shop all wall decor table accents vases and urns decorative bottles and containers figurines and statuettes accent boxes candelabras decorative bowls shop all table accents furniture seating and occasional chairs accent and dining tables, desks cabinets, chests and storage shop all furniture home accents bathroom hardware and decor decorative pillows planters and botanicals shop all home accents sale featured sales bathroom lighting sale kitchen lighting sale modern lighting sale chandelier sale pendant lighting sale shop all sales and promotions lighting sales ceiling lights on sale outdoor lights on sale wall lights on sale lamp sales table lamps on sale floor lamps on sale fan sales all fans on sale brands shop all brands arteriors home capital lighting fixture co. corbett lighting currey and company dweled et2 lighting see more fanimation hinkley lighting hubbardton forge hudson valley lighting kichler lighting maxim lighting see more minka aire mitzi modern forms monte carlo fan quoizel savoy house see more schonbek sonneman tech lighting troy lighting visual comfort and co. view all brands login join our trade program tap to call us 1.800.544.4846 stores search catalog close search search search account login/register cart: 0 frequently asked questions faqs placing an order payment methods changing or cancellation of an order 110% price match guarantee international information (except canada) trade professional program shipping policies shipping information shipments to canada returns and replacements general return policy report a damaged or defective item product disclaimer returns are as easy as 1-2-3 30 day return policy we understand that the lighting or decor you purchased may not ultimately be what you had in mind and we want to make sure you are happy with the final product. best of all, we will work with you until you find what you need, saving you time and money. also, and unlike many other online retailers who make you deal with all the return shipping details, we provide you with pre-paid return shipping labels so all you need to do is get the package ready for pick up. you not only benefit from our reduced shipping rates but if something were to happen in transit we deal with it, not you. "as-new" condition is an item that has not been installed or modified or wires cut in the original unmarked packaging, box and packing material includes all parts and product & installation guides to put it another way, "as-new" = if you were to receive it, you would accept the fixture as new steps 1 through 3: 1. receive authorization & instructions to initiate a return, have your order number ready and contact us by: live chat calling us toll free at 800.544.4846 and press option 3 email us at returns@1800lighting.com a customer experience representative will review your order and create a return case, answering by email any questions you may have as well as providing a return shipping charge estimate. 2. pack & ship your item(s) once a return goods authorization (rga) number has been issued by the manufacturer we are in full control of your return. please ensure the item is well packed in its original packaging. other than the return label please do not write or mark on the box in anyway. we will monitor the return and handle any shipping issues if they occur. if the item is lost or damaged we deal with it, not you, and your refund will still be processed. please allow 7-10 business days to receive your rga number. size matters: for regular sized items, you will receive an email with our fedex return shipping label attached. you can then drop the item at a convenient fedex location or call 1-800-gofedex to have it picked up. you can track the progress of your return using the fedex website and the tracking number information. large items shipping by freight carrier require some coordination and we will work with you and the freight company to schedule the pick-up. it will be your responsibility to be physically present at the time the freight company arrives to retrieve the item. the freight company chosen to retrieve your product for return will be at the discretion of 1800lighting.com. 3. your return credit upon receipt by the manufacturer, the item will be inspected for "as new" condition and once confirmed we will process your credit less the actual shipping charges. we work hard to make this go as quick as possible and the process usually takes 10 business days or less. unusually, due to transit times and some manufacturers' processes, it can take up to 30 days - so please be patient. typically, you will be refunded via the same method in which the item was purchased. important information to review while you wait for your credit to file or not to file a dispute please do not request a charge back from your credit card company during the return process. due to the time it takes to resolve charge back disputes, it is usually better to be patient and wait for the return process to run its course. if a charge back has been submitted, we will not be able to credit you for your return until the charge back mediation process has been completed. this process can take up to 180 days. in certain cases, initiating a charge back can void your ability to receive any credit at all. the item is not "as-new" if the item is determined to not be in "as-new" condition we reserve the right to charge a restocking fee of up to 75% on top of the return shipping charges. the item is returned without an rga items returned without an rga are subject to an automatic 50% restocking fee and based on the item, may be denied. exceptions and items not eligible for return unfortunately, under certain circumstances items purchased from 1800lighting.com are not eligible for return. these exceptions and items are as follows: items sold as final sale (aka closeout) products custom or special order products made-to-order products - please check individual product pages for confirmation light bulbs, parts, glass, shades, etc any item that has been assembled, installed, modified or used in any way any item without original packaging items delivered/received more than 30 days ago are usually non-returnable; if approved the return will include a restock fee items where the rga (return authorization) issue date is greater than 10 business days will require a new rga and may be denied expedited shipping and charges for shipping to alaska, hawaii, puerto rico or international addresses any product not purchased from 1800lighting.com or from a capitol lighting showroom returning online orders to a capitol lighting showroom if you happen to live in the vicinity of a 1800lighting.com showroom you are welcome to return any item ordered through 1800lighting.com to that showroom. our showroom locations. please note: to ensure a speedy credit, we strongly advise you request prior authorization before visiting the showroom. returning the item to a showroom will usually fast track the return process and you can receive your credit in 2-3 business days if not sooner. please refer to our 30 day return policy above for specific information on how to initiate the return process before you head to the showroom. all returns must be pre-approved and be accompanied by an rga number. unfortunately, credit due cannot be issued by the showroom. upon inspection we can usually issue the credit within 1-2 business days so you will get your funds back quickly regardless. upon receipt of your return, we will issue you a return acknowledgement. this is your proof that we have your item in our possession and what condition the item was returned in. although we still have to ship the item back to the manufacturer we can expedite your return if the item is determined to be in "as new" condition. in this case, your credit will usually be processed within 2-3 business days if not faster. restocking fees some of our manufacturers charge restocking fees for the return of undamaged and non-defective merchandise. although we still have to pay them, we will waive your restocking fee with a new order of equal or greater value. the individual product pages will indicate if the manufacturer of the item charges a restocking fee and if so, the extent of that restocking fee. look for this link return information for specifics. these restocking fees are charged by the manufacturer in addition to any shipping deductions that may be incurred in returning an item. large quantity purchases when ordering large quantities (6+) of the same item we strongly suggest ordering a single sample for evaluation before you place the full order. returns of any item in quantities of 6 or more units will be subject to a return review. depending upon the item and the manufacturer you may be charged a restock fee or have the return denied. "final sale" products (aka closeouts) there are many items available for purchase at 1800lighting.com that are marked as closeout products and are further discounted from their regular low price. these are products that have been discontinued by the manufacturer and are therefore subject to availability as inventory runs out. closeout details: all closeout products are sold as final sales. absolutely no returns will be accepted on closeout merchandise. products that are sold as closeouts are subject to availability. should a closeout product become unavailable after placing an order, you will be notified immediately and your order cancelled at no penalty to you. if you receive a closeout product that is damaged, it must be reported within 10 days of receipt, as per our damaged good policy. we will make all attempts to replace a damaged closeout product. if a replacement is no longer available, you will receive a full refund. custom and made-to-order products through its strong and long lasting relationships, 1800lighting.com is able to offer custom products from top manufacturers like schonbek, fine art lamps, arroyo craftsman and american brass & crystal. custom and made-to-order details: custom orders require payment be collected in full at the time the order is placed. once a custom order is placed it cannot be cancelled. custom orders often require production and shipping lead times ranging anywhere from 4 to 16 weeks. custom orders cannot be returned under any circumstance. if you receive a custom order that is damaged beyond repair, a replacement will be made for you. 100% made-to-order brands due to the complex and detailed manufacturing process, we consider certain manufacturer's products to be 100% made-to-order and are therefore not eligible for return. be sure to check individual product pages for brand-specific return information. currently, these premium brands are: adesso lighting arroyo craftsmen bassett currey & company kalco lighting northeast lantern lite master remington satco stonegate designs please note: this list is subject to change - please check the individual product page for specific return information. return shipping policies small parcel items - shipped by fedex or ups when we notify you of the return authorization (rga), 1800lighting.com will also issue a prepaid fedex return shipping label via email. this shipping label is to be affixed to the box containing the item to be returned. because the label is issued by 1800lighting.com, any damages or lost shipments incurred in the return shipping of the item are fortunately not your responsibility. when the package is ready for pickup, simply call 1800gofedex (1.800.463.3339) to schedule a pick up for the item(s). please note: return shipping labels will be issued with expiration dates 2 weeks from the date of issue and will not be reissued. it is your responsibility to make arrangements for the pickup of the item(s) to be returned in a timely manner. shipping deductions if you are not placing another order with us for the same or greater value, you are responsible for the actual shipping cost back to the manufacturer. we will confirm the shipping amount at the time we process your return request and the fee will be deducted when we process the return credit. large items shipped via truck/freight liner for items that were delivered via truck or freight liner, we will work with you and the freight company to make arrangements for the retrieval and shipment of the product. it will be your responsibility to have someone physically present at the time the freight company arrives to retrieve the item. also, the freight company chosen to retrieve your product for return will be at the discretion of 1800lighting.com. shipping deductions if you are not placing another order with us for the same or greater value, you are responsible for the actual shipping cost back to the manufacturer. we will confirm the shipping amount at the time we process your return request and the fee will be deducted when we process the return credit. please note: we subsidize the shipping cost to you and it is often more than the $65 you were charged. your browser's javascript functionality is turned off. please turn it on so that you can experience the full capabilities of this site. exclusive offers thanks for subscribing! check your inbox for 15% off your first purchase! this email has already been used. sign up for notifications of special promotions and offers from capitol lighting connect with us customer service customer support shipping return policies track your order manage emails site map our company the capitol lighting story career opportunities showroom locations & hours press room contact us privacy policy become an affiliate shop blog current promotions brand directory trade professionals program 1.800.544.48468:30am - 10:00pm est email usresponses within 24 hours back to top send set name set transcript end chat connecting thank you for connecting with us guest id: © 2018 capitol lighting. all rights reserved.&nbsplighting your home for over 90 years. https://www.1800lighting.com/checkout/cart/ 0375e7954458122059bb4842ba 0.0 0.0 0.0 0.0 0.0 usd $