来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20201207080128/https://www.1800lighting.com/home-decor-table-accents/
================================================================================

table accents & décor - 1800lighting | capitol lighting please sign in to write review read reviews free ground shipping on orders over $49 details & exclusions excludes curb side delivery (ltl). lower 48 united states only. skip to content login join our trade program tap to call us 1.800.544.4846 stores menu search lighting ceiling lights chandeliers pendant lighting flush mounts semi flush mounts island and linear lighting track, rail and cable lighting led ceiling lighting recessed lighting switches, dimmers, outlets light bulbs shop all ceiling lights outdoor lights outdoor wall lights landscape lighting outdoor ceiling lights post lamps outdoor posts outdoor pier lamps led outdoor lighting light bulbs shop all outdoor lights wall lights wall sconces bath vanity lighting art and display lighting wall swing lamps led wall lighting switches, dimmers, outlets light bulbs shop all wall lights under cabinet lights light bars puck lights tape lights strip lights cabinet lighting hardware led under cabinet lighting fans ceiling fans all ceiling fans flush mount ceiling fans ceiling fans with lights chandelier fans oversized fans multi head ceiling fans outdoor fans all outdoor rated fans outdoor fans with lights tropical outdoor fans portable fans table and desk fans wall mounted fans floor fans fan accessories and parts extension rods fan controls fan lighting kits fan blades all fan accessories and parts shop all fan products lamps table lamps classic table lamps desk and task lamps accent lamps modern table lamps tiffany glass table lamps shop all table lamps floor lamps classic floor lamps reading lamps torch lamps arc lamps shop all floor lamps shop all lamps decor mirrors wall mirrors led lighted mirrors tall and floor mirrors shop all mirrors wall art and decor paintings prints alternative wall art clocks candle sconces shop all wall decor table accents vases and urns decorative bottles and containers figurines and statuettes accent boxes candelabras decorative bowls shop all table accents furniture seating and occasional chairs accent and dining tables, desks cabinets, chests and storage shop all furniture home accents bathroom hardware and decor decorative pillows planters and botanicals shop all home accents sale featured sales bathroom lighting sale kitchen lighting sale modern lighting sale chandelier sale pendant lighting sale shop all sales and promotions lighting sales ceiling lights on sale outdoor lights on sale wall lights on sale lamp sales table lamps on sale floor lamps on sale fan sales all fans on sale shop open box specials brands shop all brands arteriors home capital lighting fixture co. corbett lighting currey and company et2 lighting feiss see more generation lighting hinkley lighting hubbardton forge hudson valley lighting kichler lighting maxim lighting see more minka aire mitzi modern forms monte carlo fan quoizel savoy house see more sea gull lighting sonneman tech lighting troy lighting visual comfort view all brands login join our trade program tap to call us 1.800.544.4846 stores search catalog close search search search account login/register cart: 0 your browser's javascript functionality is turned off. please turn it on so that you can experience the full capabilities of this site. home home decor table accents refined by home home decor table accents refined by sort by: table accents refine by refine your results by: refine by category vase-urn (1904) figurine (1192) candle holder (491) bowl (475) other table accent (453) tray (448) accent box (243) decorative bottle-canister (145) decorative plate (36) clock (17) finish-color white (645) blue (550) black (435) gold (382) antique-satin brass (317) bronze tones (316) green (304) chrome-polished nickel (268) silver tones (217) multicolor (208) gray (176) clear and crystal (146) orange and amber (111) brown (97) copper tones (92) rust (87) wood tones (84) beige-off white (78) brushed-satin nickel (78) purple (60) pewter-gunmetal (54) red (41) yellow (41) pink (17) painted finishes (2) show 17 more finish-color show fewer finish-color style modern contempo (1067) traditional (706) transitional (648) tropical (315) rustic (143) whimsical (90) porcelain (78) blown glass (55) asian (54) coastal glam (53) tiffany glass (52) nautical (46) restoration-vintage (38) french country (27) farmhouse (26) industrial (17) art deco (16) morrocan (16) alabaster (15) crystal (14) mid-century modern (8) williamsburg (2) children's theme (1) show 15 more style show fewer style price min: $ 5 max: $ 7500 brand arteriors home (63) butler specialty company (25) chelsea house (746) cooper classics (2) currey and company (221) cyan designs (2369) dainolite (1) dale tiffany (162) dimond home (35) elegant decor (27) elk home (35) frederick cooper (5) harp and finial (18) howard elliott collection (151) james r. moder (1) lite source (2) lladro (52) maxim lighting (1) meyda lighting (42) minka lavery (1) plc lighting (1) ralph lauren (1) regina andrew (128) robert abbey (2) sterling industries (188) stylecraft (121) uttermost (430) varaluz casa (3) wac lighting (1) wildwood (570) show 22 more brand show fewer brand height min: 0 max: 100 width min: 0 max: 99 depth min: 0 max: 99 bulb type incandescent (19) led (1) promotions best seller (43) closeout (94) new (643) sale (22) cancel apply filters showing 1 - 48 of 5,404 results prev 1 2 3 4 5 next prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 next prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 next sort by: recommended average customer rating price low to high price high to low go items per page: 36 48 60 go refine by sort by add to wishlist quick view new vase-urn by howard elliott collection $66.00 add to wishlist quick view new brill vase-urn by currey and company $308.00 $277.20 save 10% today add to wishlist quick view new brill vase-urn by currey and company $237.60 $213.84 save 10% today add to wishlist quick view new brill vase-urn by currey and company $176.00 $158.40 save 10% today add to wishlist quick view new candle holder by wildwood $223.10 add to wishlist quick view new dogs figurine by wildwood $73.60 add to wishlist quick view new harris vessels vase-urn by arteriors home $585.00 add to wishlist quick view new duke figurine by arteriors home $325.00 add to wishlist quick view new gemma vase-urn by arteriors home $365.00 add to wishlist quick view new running horse figurine by wildwood $103.50 add to wishlist quick view new teak bowl by uttermost $169.40 add to wishlist quick view new standing horse figurine by wildwood $154.10 showing 1 - 48 of 5,404 results prev 1 2 3 4 5 next prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 next prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 next put the finishing touches on your home decor with table accents from our new collections add character & style with table accentswanting to add more character to your interior décor? our home décor and table accents are a great way to change up your home's style and add individuality and character. table accents add a personal touch to your interior design aesthetic and are great for highlighting your table's space. best of all, sprucing up your home by adding table accents is quick, easy and quite inexpensive. changing out your table accents is a great way to upgrade a room if you do not have the means to undertake a complete makeover. completely change the look and the feel of your home with table accents from 1800lighting.table accents & décor for any room of the homeour available table accents are pieces of artwork, décor or fixtures that are great to be used as décor in any room of your home. they include items like vases and urns, figurines, candle holders, bowls, trays, accent boxes, decorative canisters and much more. whether you're needing a simple update in the family room, dining room, entryway or kitchen, table accents and décor can freshen up a look in no time at all. our selection of functional, elegant and stylish table accents come in all shapes and sizes and in an array of finishes and styles. functional, elegant and stylish lighting and home décor comes in all shapes and sizes.table accents: from simple to boldtable accents can be simple, decorative pieces or they can be statement pieces and conversation starters. whether you want a table accent that blends in with the rest of your design aesthetic or commands attention, you'll find a huge range of choices in our inventory. shop traditional décor, modern and contemporary items, tropical or rustic table accents. looking for whimsical, porcelain, asian-inspired or tiffany glass table accents? we have a great assortment table accents that reflect any design aesthetic. shop here for table accents in a variety of shapes, colors, materials and sizes. table accents may include paintings, pieces of artwork, mirrors or other decorative features that add new life to surfaces. table accents can provide just the right touch to the room and are a great way to spice up an otherwise blank canvas. when arranged strategically, table accents can incorporate a dramatic effect into the room.table décor for individual designtoday's table accents, in their varying styles, shapes and sizes, can be added to tables and surfaces throughout the home and can be used in groups or singularly, depending on how much table or surface space you have. swap out your table accent pieces with the changing seasons, or find something that your décor can't be without and stick with it as an heirloom piece. our table accents are as individual as you are and are a great way to infuse your personality into your home's design.we make it easy to find the right table accentsoverwhelmed by our thousands of table accents and décor items in our inventory? our convenient filter options help you find what you're looking for: shop by category, finish color style, price or brand. we offer the most popular pieces from top-of-the-line companies and designers such as dale tiffany, cyan designs, chelsea house, howard elliot collection, arteriors home, sterling industries and wildwood to name a few. from the uttermost nafuna vase collection to the versatile offerings of cyan designs, you can explore the fun, unique styles and personalities of each of our offered brands. you're sure to find something you love in our inventory. looking for a little inspiration? check out our most popular, best-selling table accents and designs and see what our customers are loving from our inventory. are you a trendsetter who likes to have the newest and best in-home design and décor? view our newest table accent items and choose table décor that is fresh and new.table accents: it's the little thingswhen it comes to the style, choose a table accent piece that best fits the theme and design of your home so that the accent will look right in place. consider the size of the area you're adding your table accent to when choosing your piece. are you going to carry a specific color or pattern throughout your home? think about how you want to use your table accents in your home: do you want them to be functional? decorative? a little bit of both? when it comes to furnishing and decorating your home, it's the little details like table accents that make all the difference.incorporating table accentstake a moment and perform a visual sweep of your home's surfaces, tables and shelves. are there corner tables, desks or units that are empty and boring? instead of leaving them unnoticed, put them to use! make them functional and beautiful with table accents, vases, urns, figurines or accent boxes. adding table décor is an easy yet effective way of creating interesting features in your home and developing eye-catching spaces that are sure to impress. the next time you host a dinner party with your friends, you will be able to show off your decorating flair.how to arrange table accentsplace small accents, such as animal figurines, in the center or one corner of your table. small pots are also a great idea and can be practical and functional as well. choose pots with different heights and sizes, but that are similar in design. place a decorative flower on each one or add decorative sticks or driftwood to them for extra style. it's important to remember that when using small accents, however, not to overdo it. instead, use them to enhance the appeal of the room, not to add clutter. avoid using a tall centerpiece for your coffee table. because your family and guests often gather around coffee tables, make the area more conducive to conversation and togetherness. add books, figurines, trays, bowls and other accents. you can place some candleholders on the table as well, which is especially beautiful on glass tables. when you light them up with candles, the light will reflect on the glass and make the table look majestic.out-of-the-box table accentschampagne bottles and wine glasses make great, unexpected table accents: fill them with sand, seashells or sea glass. add simple flower arrangements and place them in one corner of your table. table decorations add personalization that you can absolutely call your own. when shopping for table decor, price isn't always the determining factor: just because an item is expensive doesn't necessarily mean it will be the perfect match for your table. when buying table decorations, first consider what the room or table is for. if it is a place for entertaining guests, avoid tall pieces: they will just get in the way in conversations.your one-stop shop for all home décor needsat 1800lighting, we're your one-stop shop for all of your home's lighting and décor needs. while you're here, check out our amazing lighting collections from brands like schonbek, visual comfort lighting, quoizel, maxim lighting, kichler lighting and hinkley lighting in incandescent, led and fluorescent bulb styles. with the help of our experienced and knowledgeable design experts, you can be confident that your experience will be successful and satisfying. so whatever reason you are buying table accents for, capitol lighting is the best place to start your search. whatever the room, whatever the style, whatever the budget, we have it all. read more exclusive offers thanks for subscribing! check your inbox for 15% off your first purchase! this email has already been used. sign up for notifications of special promotions and offers from capitol lighting connect with us customer service customer support shipping return policies track your order manage emails site map our company the capitol lighting story career opportunities showroom locations & hours press room contact us privacy policy become an affiliate shop blog current promotions brand directory trade professionals program 1.800.544.48468:30am - 10:00pm est email usresponses within 24 hours back to top send set name set transcript end chat connecting thank you for connecting with us guest id: © 2018 capitol lighting. all rights reserved.&nbsplighting your home for over 90 years. https://www.1800lighting.com/checkout/cart/ ddf3eb36f50e0b667ed98b29ce 0.0 0.0 0.0 0.0 0.0 usd $