来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20221231090407/https://www.1800lighting.com/home-decor/
================================================================================

home decor, mirrors, medallions, table accessories | capitol lighting please sign in to write review read reviews free ground shipping on orders over $49 details & exclusions excludes curb side delivery (ltl). lower 48 united states only. skip to content login join our trade program tap to call us 1.800.544.4846 stores menu search departments ceiling lighting chandeliers pendant lights close to ceiling island & linear led ceiling lighting architectural lighting systems recessed lighting view all ceiling lights wall lighting wall sconces bath vanity lighting art & display lighting wall swing lamps outdoor lighting outdoor wall lights landscape lighting & hardware outdoor ceiling lights outdoor rated chandeliers post lamps pier lamps led outdoor lighting mounting hardware view all outdoor lighting portable lamps table lamps floor lamps desk & task lamps reading lamps view all portable lamps fans & accessories all ceiling fans flush mount & hugger fans oversized fans fans with light kits outdoor rated fans portable fans extension & hanging hardware fan controls fan blades all fan accessories decor mirrors artwork wall decor table accents home accessories area rugs cabinet & task lighting undercabinet light bars all cabinet lighting furniture tables & desks chairs kitchen & bar stools chests & cabinets benches ottomans shop all furniture light bulbs led light bulbs vintage & nostalgic light bulbs incandescent light bulbs view all light bulbs switches & dimmers dimmers light switches wall plates electrical hardware brands featured brands arteriors home capital lighting fixture co. corbett lighting currey and company et2 lighting generation lighting hinkley lighting hubbardton forge hudson valley lighting kichler lighting kuzco lighting maxim lighting minka aire mitzi modern forms quoizel savoy house sonneman troy lighting visual comfort fan collection visual comfort modern collection visual comfort signature collection visual comfort studio collection view all brands featured designers aerin alexa hampton barbara barry brian patrick flynn chapman & myers ed ellen degeneres ian k. fowler jonathan adler julie neill kate spade new york kelly wearstler libby langdon lisa mcdennon mark d. sikes martyn lawrence bullard paul smith peter bristol ralph lauren lauren ralph lauren robert sonneman sean lavin suzanne kasler thomas o'brien view all designers inspiration inspiration galleries kitchen inspiration bathroom inspiration bedroom inspiration dining room inspiration living room inspiration outdoor inspiration #livebriiliantly view all inspiration galleries live brighter blog inspiration how-to's & diy's lighting by room styles dining room lighting and decor natural and organic materials bubbles and globes sales featured sales modern lighting sale kitchen lighting sale bathroom lighting sale bedroom lighting sale dining room lighting sale shop all sales and promotions clearance sales shop all clearance sales sales by category ceiling lighting on sale fans on sale outdoor lighting on sale portable lamps on sale wall lighting on sale services discover our services buy now pay later financing installation services pro commercial & hospitality pro residential & trade program product protection plans trade professionals program enjoy trade discounts and personalized service capitol care with clyde protect your purchase with capitol care buy now pay later pay over time when you pay with affirm login join our trade program tap to call us 1.800.544.4846 stores search catalog close search search search account login/register cart: 0 home decor the perfect finishing touches make all the difference refine your results by: refine by category table accents (5761) mirrors (2689) wall decor (2322) rugs (1803) home accents (1195) bathroom decor and hardware (438) outdoor decor (8) promotions best seller (675) closeout (1007) new (2422) sale (5869) ready to ship in stock and ready to ship (8718) mirrors wall decor table accents home accents bathroom decor and hardware rugs shop all home decor home decor and accessories offer the perfect finishing touches to any room home decor is a great way to liven up any room in your home! enhance your dining room, your kitchen your living room or bedroom, and any others, by installing a mirror or print, available from top name brands. introduction to home decor adding or switching out old and outdated decor for better furniture pieces or more fashionable and stylist décor pieces is a great idea and a way to redo your home on a budget! new items can change the room from worn fixtures and home dcor to a new sanctuary! the right decor can determine whether you use a room often and how much you dislike or enjoy spending time there. a well decorated home due to great decor can mean that you more and better enjoy your space, live and relax it in more often and get the most out of the room. you use your home every day, but some homeowners don’t enjoy it as they should. this is a shame for such a great, relaxing place. new paintings & mirrors could really make any room a more relaxing sanctuary for you to come up and unwind, read, play, interact. perhaps you will get out of the one room in your home you enjoy and use others. the home should be many things: well lit, as well as comfortable and pleasing to the eye. you can find mirrors, prints, painting and furniture at capitol lighting! functional, elegant and stylish lighting and décor comes in all shapes and sizes, in an array of finishes and styles. some of the many types of home decor from capitol lighting includes: wall accents, wall accent mirrors, prints, accent paintings, wall clocks, wall décor, wall candle holder, and table accents, such as vases and urns, candle holders, figurines, decorative bowls, decorative boxes, decorative trays, decorative bottles and decorative canisters, decorative chargers, table clocks, as well as home accents, bathroom decor and outdoor decor. before you make a purchase, assess the size of the room before you begin to choose which type of decor can enhance your home. the size of the home will determine the size of décor needed within a room, and whether you will need just one table or a few coffee tables, extra chairs, a console table, accent pictures or artwork, etc.! the decisions are endless and your choices of decor from capitol lighting are also endless! if you need any help making a purchasing decision, contact a capitol lighting expert to help you. once you have selected an item or pieces, determine whether the decorating process is something you can handle, or whether you will need to hire a decorator or professional to do the job. you may need help to move around furniture, or perform an installation, or you may need a simple hook to hang; the degree of difficulty will vary. you do not need to go from one shop to another in search for the best décor to meet your needs. find exactly what décor you are looking for at a capitol lighting showroom near you, where you can speak with our experienced and helpful decorating professionals, or visit capitol lighting online at www.1800lighting.com. be it décor, indoor lighting, outdoor lighting and everything in between, products sold by capitol lighting are from the most trusted manufacturers in the industry which means quality and durability for the products you purchase. find the perfect painting, mirror and/or lighting fixtures to meet your needs at capitol lighting. want to give your home a new look? then it may be time to replace your current décor. your home is your sanctuary. thus, it is only right to make it as comfortable and pleasing to the eyes as possible. how your home looks reflects your personality. redecorating your home can be both fun and stressful. you will have fun in choosing from the different home accents available and create different looks in various areas of your home. however, you also need to be careful in choosing if you want to make the most out of your available space and budget. this does not just involve choosing furniture, but also lighting fixtures and many others. choosing furniture furniture pieces have greatly improved in terms of functionality and style. as living spaces are becoming smaller than ever, many people are now looking for items that also function as decorative pieces. take the ottoman for example. aside for sitting on it and propping your feet on it, an ottoman may also provide additional storage if the top can be removed. it can also double as an accent piece in a room. this will effectively remove clutter in your living area or other areas of the home. you can have a stylish table, which can put character to your room and provide an additional area where you can place a lamp, some books, or art pieces. lighting fixtures you can change the look and feel of a room by simply replacing your lighting system. lights can enhance the beauty of your furniture pieces and home decor accessories. they can also create a welcoming ambience in a room, so people will easily feel comfortable. lighting fixtures these days are available in different styles and shapes. you have a wide selection to choose from. some examples are table lamps, floor lamps, chandeliers and more. exterior decorating does not just include the interior of your home. it should also extend outdoors as this is the part of your property seen first by your guests. a smartly decorated outdoor space will give the right impression to your guests. this does not just involve the use of outdoor decorative accessories, but may also mean replacing doors, adding outdoor furniture and improving the layout of your landscape. home decorating on a budget you do not have to break the bank or use up your entire savings account to give your home a new look. first thing you need to do is to assess your current furnishings and decors. determine which pieces need to go and which of them you can still use for your redecorating ideas. only then should you start shopping for new items so that you will not have to spend more than necessary. sometimes, changing old items with newer models will allow you to save money in the end. take lighting fixtures for instance. replacing old ones with newer and more energy-efficient products will help you save on your energy bills. capitol lighting 1800lighting.com offers everything you need to redecorate your home with wonderful home accessories. choose from a wide array of wall accents, furniture, table accents, outdoor decor, bathroom decor, and other home accents. read more your browser's javascript functionality is turned off. please turn it on so that you can experience the full capabilities of this site. exclusive offers thanks for subscribing! check your inbox for 15% off your first purchase! this email has already been used. sign up for notifications of special promotions and offers from capitol lighting connect with us customer service customer support shipping return policies track your order manage emails site map our company the capitol lighting story career opportunities showroom locations & hours press room contact us privacy policy terms and conditions become an affiliate shop blog current promotions brand directory trade professionals program commercial and hospitality projects capitol care protection plans installation services 1.800.544.4846 contact us responses within 24 hours back to top send set name set transcript end chat connecting thank you for connecting with us guest id: © 2018 capitol lighting. all rights reserved.&nbsplighting your home for over 90 years. $