来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20221231090407/https://www.1800lighting.com/customer-support/
================================================================================

customer support | capitol lighting please sign in to write review read reviews free ground shipping on orders over $49 details & exclusions excludes curb side delivery (ltl). lower 48 united states only. skip to content login join our trade program tap to call us 1.800.544.4846 stores menu search departments ceiling lighting chandeliers pendant lights close to ceiling island & linear led ceiling lighting architectural lighting systems recessed lighting view all ceiling lights wall lighting wall sconces bath vanity lighting art & display lighting wall swing lamps outdoor lighting outdoor wall lights landscape lighting & hardware outdoor ceiling lights outdoor rated chandeliers post lamps pier lamps led outdoor lighting mounting hardware view all outdoor lighting portable lamps table lamps floor lamps desk & task lamps reading lamps view all portable lamps fans & accessories all ceiling fans flush mount & hugger fans oversized fans fans with light kits outdoor rated fans portable fans extension & hanging hardware fan controls fan blades all fan accessories decor mirrors artwork wall decor table accents home accessories area rugs cabinet & task lighting undercabinet light bars all cabinet lighting furniture tables & desks chairs kitchen & bar stools chests & cabinets benches ottomans shop all furniture light bulbs led light bulbs vintage & nostalgic light bulbs incandescent light bulbs view all light bulbs switches & dimmers dimmers light switches wall plates electrical hardware brands featured brands arteriors home capital lighting fixture co. corbett lighting currey and company et2 lighting generation lighting hinkley lighting hubbardton forge hudson valley lighting kichler lighting kuzco lighting maxim lighting minka aire mitzi modern forms quoizel savoy house sonneman troy lighting visual comfort fan collection visual comfort modern collection visual comfort signature collection visual comfort studio collection view all brands featured designers aerin alexa hampton barbara barry brian patrick flynn chapman & myers ed ellen degeneres ian k. fowler jonathan adler julie neill kate spade new york kelly wearstler libby langdon lisa mcdennon mark d. sikes martyn lawrence bullard paul smith peter bristol ralph lauren lauren ralph lauren robert sonneman sean lavin suzanne kasler thomas o'brien view all designers inspiration inspiration galleries kitchen inspiration bathroom inspiration bedroom inspiration dining room inspiration living room inspiration outdoor inspiration #livebriiliantly view all inspiration galleries live brighter blog inspiration how-to's & diy's lighting by room styles dining room lighting and decor natural and organic materials bubbles and globes sales featured sales modern lighting sale kitchen lighting sale bathroom lighting sale bedroom lighting sale dining room lighting sale shop all sales and promotions clearance sales shop all clearance sales sales by category ceiling lighting on sale fans on sale outdoor lighting on sale portable lamps on sale wall lighting on sale services discover our services buy now pay later financing installation services pro commercial & hospitality pro residential & trade program product protection plans trade professionals program enjoy trade discounts and personalized service capitol care with clyde protect your purchase with capitol care buy now pay later pay over time when you pay with affirm login join our trade program tap to call us 1.800.544.4846 stores search catalog close search search search account login/register cart: 0 frequently asked questions faqs placing an order payment methods changing or cancellation of an order 110% price match guarantee international information (except canada) trade professional program shipping policies shipping information shipments to canada returns and replacements general return policy report a damaged or defective item product disclaimer customer service request forms click to submit a request frequently asked questions frequently asked questions faq what if i purchase an item and then i see it somewhere else cheaper? can i change my order? can i return an item if it doesn't work out? when do i get my refund once i have returned an item? if i return an item how is my refund calculated? how do i return a product? what should i do if my credit card has been refused when placing an order? do i get charged when my order is placed or when it ships? do you ship overseas? do the items i’ve purchased have any warranty? do you offer discounts on large quantity orders? why am i being charged shipping when your site says, "free shipping for orders over $49?" does capitol lighting charge sales tax? if i place an order online, can i pick it up in a capitol lighting showroom? if i place an order online, in the event i’d like to return it, can i return it to a capitol lighting showroom? faq answers what if i purchase an item and then i see it somewhere else cheaper? capitol lighting and 1800lighting.com are committed to providing you with the guaranteed lowest price for your online purchase. for this purpose, 1800lighting.com is proud to offer its 110% price guarantee. if within 10 days of placing your order at 1800lighting.com, you find a lower and verifiable advertised price (including any shipping and handling charges) on the same individual item seen at 1800lighting.com, upon proper verification we will refund to you 110% of the difference. for full details on our 110% price guarantee, please click here. back to top can i change my order? once your order is placed we go to work to fulfill your purchase as quickly as possible. this means that changes or cancellation requests cannot always be fulfilled. you should also know that once an order is placed, it cannot be changed online. your full satisfaction and commitment to the accuracy of your order is always our top priority. as such, you may contact customer service to make a request for a change or cancellation. we will make our best efforts to apply the requested change. if the item ships prior to confirmation of a cancellation or change request, you may return it following our standard return policy, which you can review in full detail by clicking here. note that many items that are non-returnable cannot be cancelled. back to top when do i get my refund once i have returned an item? we realize that refunds are a priority for our customers. once we have received and inspected the item we are usually able to apply the refund onto the original payment card within one week. should there be any delays in processing your refund upon receipt of your return, you will be contacted by a member of our customer experience team. back to top if i return an item how is my refund calculated? we work closely with our vendor partners to absorb any costs associated with returning products. for a select few vendor partners, however, modest restocking fees may apply to your return. these restocking fees, where applicable, are described on our product detail pages. if you change your mind and decide to return an item that is defined as returnable (e.g. non-closeouts and non-custom products), you are responsible for the return shipping costs. if you receive an item that is damaged, defective or if it is not what you ordered, we will, of course, provide a replacement at no charge. to view our full return policy, please click here. back to top how do i return a product? if you want to return an item you may do so within 30 days of receipt as long as it is defined as a returnable item. just contact customer service and we will provide pre-paid return labels. we will need your help in packaging up the item, adding the label to the box and making it available for pick up. for registered customers, you are also able to initiate returns by logging into your account and navigating to your order history. back to top what should i do if my credit card has been refused when placing an order? check that all the details you have entered on the checkout page are correct, including the billing address associated with the credit card. if it is refused after that, try another credit card or payment method like paypal or amazon pay. contact customer service if you feel that your card is being refused due to our error. in some cases we may recommend that you contact your credit card company to get the issue resolved. back to top do i get charged when my order is placed or when it ships? for orders placed using credit cards, paypal, amazon pay or affirm, the full amount of the purchase is authorized and collected when your order is placed. should part or all of your order be cancelled prior to shipment, all associated funds will be returned upon confirmation of cancellation. back to top do you ship overseas? unfortunately, capitol lighting does not ship outside of the united states and canada. to facilitate overseas shipments, you must have your order shipped to a us-based international freight forwarder. back to top do the items i’ve purchased have any warranty? all electrified products sold by capitol lighting included one-year manufacturer warranties that guarantee the proper and safe functioning of the product. unless otherwise specified on the product detail page, this warranty does not cover “wear and tear” or the durability of finishes over time. for outdoor products in particular, certain items are sold with additional warranties that specifically cover the durability of finishes on outdoor products. such warranties, where applicable, are specified on our product detail pages. back to top do you offer discounts on large quantity orders? we offer discounts for members of the trade such as designers, architects and contractors who have presented appropriate credentials and been approved. to learn more about our trade professionals program and to fill out a free application, please click here. if you are not a member of a relevant trade but would like to inquire about a large purchase quote, please contact our sales team. back to top why am i being charged shipping when your site says, "free shipping for orders over $49?" free shipping does not apply to certain oversized, fragile or special order items. in addition, some manufacturers require additional handling fees. where applicable, these charges will be specified on the product detail page as a large item shipping surcharge. to read our shipping policies in full, please click here. back to top does capitol lighting charge sales tax? capitol lighting is required by law to charge sales tax on orders that ship to most us states. we do not add sales tax unless we are required by law to do so. if sales tax applies to your order it will be automatically calculated during checkout. for industry professionals such as designers, contractors and architects who have a resale license, taxes can be waived with the submission of a valid resale license. please contact our customer experience team and we can assist you in submitting the proper tax exemption forms. back to top if i place an order online, can i pick it up in a capitol lighting showroom? answer tbd based on development of capability. back to top if i place an order online, in the event i’d like to return it, can i return it to a capitol lighting showroom? answer tbd based on development of capability. back to top your browser's javascript functionality is turned off. please turn it on so that you can experience the full capabilities of this site. exclusive offers thanks for subscribing! check your inbox for 15% off your first purchase! this email has already been used. sign up for notifications of special promotions and offers from capitol lighting connect with us customer service customer support shipping return policies track your order manage emails site map our company the capitol lighting story career opportunities showroom locations & hours press room contact us privacy policy terms and conditions become an affiliate shop blog current promotions brand directory trade professionals program commercial and hospitality projects capitol care protection plans installation services 1.800.544.4846 contact us responses within 24 hours back to top send set name set transcript end chat connecting thank you for connecting with us guest id: © 2018 capitol lighting. all rights reserved.&nbsplighting your home for over 90 years. $