来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20250426194820/https://www.1800lighting.com/ceiling-lighting/
================================================================================

ceiling lighting - ceiling light fixtures | capitol lighting please sign in to write review read reviews free ground shipping on orders over $49 details & exclusions excludes curb side delivery (ltl). lower 48 united states only. skip to content login join our trade program tap to call us 1.800.544.4846 stores live chat menu search departments ceiling lighting chandeliers pendant lights close to ceiling island & linear led ceiling lighting architectural lighting systems recessed lighting view all ceiling lights wall lighting wall sconces bath vanity lighting art & display lighting wall swing lamps outdoor lighting outdoor wall lights landscape lighting & hardware outdoor ceiling lights post lamps pier lamps coastal grade outdoor lighting led outdoor lighting mounting hardware view all outdoor lighting portable lamps table lamps floor lamps desk & task lamps reading lamps rechargeable cordless lamps view all portable lamps fans & accessories all ceiling fans flush mount & hugger fans oversized fans fans with light kits outdoor rated fans portable fans extension & hanging hardware fan controls fan blades all fan accessories decor mirrors artwork wall decor table accents home accessories area rugs cabinet & task lighting undercabinet light bars all cabinet lighting furniture tables & desks chairs kitchen & bar stools chests & cabinets benches ottomans shop all furniture light bulbs led light bulbs vintage & nostalgic light bulbs incandescent light bulbs view all light bulbs switches & dimmers dimmers light switches wall plates electrical hardware brands featured brands allure design haus artcraft arteriors home capital lighting fixture co. corbett lighting currey and company generation lighting hinkley lighting hubbardton forge hudson valley lighting kalco lighting kichler lighting kuzco lighting maxim lighting minka aire mitzi quoizel savoy house troy lighting visual comfort fan collection visual comfort modern collection visual comfort signature collection visual comfort studio collection view all brands featured designers aerin alexa hampton barbara barry brian patrick flynn chapman & myers ellen degeneres ian k. fowler jonathan adler julie neill kate spade new york kelly wearstler libby langdon lisa mcdennon marie flanigan mark d. sikes martyn lawrence bullard paul smith peter bristol ralph lauren lauren ralph lauren sean lavin suzanne kasler thomas o'brien view all designers inspiration inspiration galleries kitchen inspiration bathroom inspiration bedroom inspiration dining room inspiration living room inspiration outdoor inspiration #livebriiliantly view all inspiration galleries illuminating experiences trends & edits resources & guides how-tos & diys shop by room live brighter blog spring lookbook on trend: leather accents new arrivals sales featured sales modern lighting sale kitchen lighting sale bathroom lighting sale bedroom lighting sale dining room lighting sale shop all sales and promotions clearance sales shop all clearance sales sales by category ceiling lighting on sale fans on sale outdoor lighting on sale portable lamps on sale wall lighting on sale save up to 70% on visual comfort clearance items services discover our services buy now pay later financing installation services pro commercial & hospitality pro residential & trade program product protection plans trade professionals program enjoy trade discounts and personalized service capitol care with clyde protect your purchase with capitol care buy now pay later pay over time when you pay with affirm login join our trade program tap to call us 1.800.544.4846 stores live chat search catalog close search search search account login/register cart: 0 ceiling light fixtures artful luminaries from above jayna by crystorama refine your results by: refine by category pendant lights (20330) chandelier (10992) close to ceiling (9376) linear suspension light (4702) track and rail lighting (1003) recessed lighting (919) directional heads (336) ceiling lighting mounting accessory (200) billiard light (133) lighted pot rack (22) promotions best seller (2839) closeout (4402) new (3847) sale (6245) clearance (807) clearance special (13) show 1 more promotions show fewer promotions ready to ship in stock and ready to ship (35954) chandelier mini pendant cage pendant large pendant multi light pendant close to ceiling linear suspension light directional heads track and rail lighting recessed lighting ceiling lighting mounting accessory shop all ceiling lights learn how to properly size your ceiling lighting one of the biggest mistakes people make is not choosing the right sized chandelier for their room. there are some simple guidelines to follow that make the decision a snap. read our blog post to learn more. learn more recessed lighting ideas & inspiration for your home a well-lit room needs to have the right layers of light: ambient lighting, task lighting and accent lighting. learn how modern recessed lighting can be used for all three layers with the right design considerations in mind. read more what is linear light and why should i use it? linear lighting is ideal for helping to illuminate walls, rooms, and hallways. because many designs and decorating trends follow linear geometric patterns, linear lighting is an ideal type of illumination for many spaces in your home. read more ceiling light fixtures for home or commercial spaces give your space the perfect finishing touch with ceiling lights from capitol lighting's 1800lighting.com. these ceiling lamps are designed to be installed from above, effectively creating a unique overhead luminaire that provides effective large-space illumination while drawing the eyes upward. combining style with practicality, the right ceiling light fixture can provide a striking decorative touch to your space as well as ample lighting. our ceiling light fixtures come in an exceptional assortment of styles — including pendant lights, flush-mount lights, and semi-flush-mount lights. chandelier ceiling lights the chandelier is a timeless classic that predates the invention of the electric light bulb. while the shapes, styles, functionality, and materials may have evolved, modern chandelier lighting fixtures can trace their lineage to their candlelit ancestors. capitol lighting's 1800lighting.com has an enormous inventory of chandeliers in all sizes and styles, perfect for the space you live in. to add a touch of class to a room, browse our big selection of glamorous chandeliers. for task lighting and work in the kitchen or elsewhere, check out our island lights. we also carry a big inventory of recessed lighting and track and rail lighting that will give your place a modern look with understated, hip elegance. browse our generous assortment of designers like hudson valley, generation lighting, visual comfort, capital lighting fixture co., hinkley lighting, and more. pick what you need to help you create a one-of-a-kind scheme that honors your lighting needs and aesthetic preferences practically anywhere. our ceiling light fixtures can be installed in kitchens, dining rooms, living spaces, offices, and any space that needs better illumination and a dash of style. pendant lighting ceiling fixtures when it comes to ceiling lighting fixtures suspended via a chain or pole — commonly referred to as pendant lights — are an endlessly popular choice for style-focused designers and homeowners. these pieces create a dramatic focal point in any room and can make a profound style statement. they are especially suitable for spaces with higher ceilings and architectural recesses or archways. many interior designers create a linear lighting scheme using three or more pendant lights, but some spaces only require a single exquisite pendant light. when considering whether to install single or multiple pendant lights, you should consider the location of the pendant light fixtures, whether you'll want or need to install additional fixtures, the size of the ceiling area that you have to work with, and the amount of light the room requires. ceiling light ideas and advice when deciding on the category and style of ceiling light fixtures you want, you should consider the current decór of your space, the ceiling height, and the distance between the fixture and other light sources, including table lamps and windows. if you have a lower ceiling, it's better to consider close-to-ceiling lighting fixtures. for a subtle, low-profile aesthetic, make sure to explore our huge assortment of flush-mount lights and recessed lighting. these styles can be installed directly onto the ceiling or used as recessed housings to provide a clean, streamlined look from below. they are perfect for makeovers where you want to take an outdated, frumpy space and update it with a modern, with-it look. these types of lights are great for extra accent lighting, task lighting, and bright lighting in rooms with lower ceilings. with taller ceilings, you can opt for chandeliers or pendant lighting, and we have numerous stylish designs to choose from. ceiling light shopping tips we have everything from traditional chandelier fixtures with glimmering crystals to ultra-modern pendant lights with sleek cylindrical and globe-style lamps. you can also browse our selection of mini chandeliers and island lights for those challenging lighting environments. with so many different ceiling light fixtures to choose from, it can be difficult to find a style that suits your specific needs. our easy-to-navigate website makes it a cinch to narrow your search by category, size, and style. you can also shop by brand, price, and other filters to suit your taste and budget. if you don't see what you want or have questions, we are only a toll-free phone call away. before you commit to a light fixture, we recommend you measure the space where you will install it. include the ceiling height and wall-to-wall distance in both directions in your measurements. most experts suggest 84" (7 feet) from the bottom of the fixture to the floor. the distance to the walls is also important. if the fixture is your primary lighting source, it needs to be substantial enough to light most of the room. capitol lighting's 1800lighting.com site offers a risk-free shopping experience. our easy returns policy and 110 percent price match guarantee mean you can't go wrong. in addition, free shipping is available for orders of $49 or more. in addition to shopping our extensive selection of lamps and lights online, you can always stop by one of our lighting showrooms near you in florida or new jersey to see our lighting fixtures in person. read more your browser's javascript functionality is turned off. please turn it on so that you can experience the full capabilities of this site. exclusive offers thanks for subscribing! check your inbox for 15% off your first purchase! this email has already been used. sign up for notifications of special promotions and offers from capitol lighting connect with us customer service customer support shipping return policies track your order manage emails site map our company the capitol lighting story career opportunities showroom locations & hours press room contact us privacy policy terms and conditions cookie preferences become an affiliate shop blog current promotions brand directory trade professionals program commercial and hospitality projects capitol care protection plans installation services 1.800.544.4846 live chat online now contact us responses within 24 hours back to top guest id: © 2018 capitol lighting. all rights reserved.&nbsplighting your home for over 100 years. $