来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20131221090612/http://www.americanstandard-us.com/learn/planning-center/glossary/
================================================================================

american standard - learn - planning center - glossary of terms my standard sign in or use your learn more about my standard recently viewed (0) cart (0) my lists (0) videos inspiration gallery learn water conservation press room for the pros bathroom toilets, seats & bidets toilets view all toilets flush rate 1.28 gpf 1.6 gpf 1.6/1.1 gpf (dual flush) type one-piece two-piece shape compact elongated elongated round front features ada compliant everclean® surface no tools speed connect watersense® certified toilet seats view all toilet seats shape elongated round front features everclean® surface slow close bidets view all bidets bathroom faucets and accessories bathroom sink faucets view all bathroom sink faucets sink faucet drilling 4" centerset center hole only type centerset monoblock vessel faucet wall mounted widespread bidet faucets view all bidet faucets number of faucet holes one three features ada compliant speed connect tub fillers view all tub fillers finish/color oil rubbed bronze polished brass polished chrome satin nickel features ada compliant hand shower bathroom accessories view all bathroom accessories type paper holder robe hook shelf towel bar towel ring finish/color brushed nickel oil rubbed bronze polished brass polished chrome satin nickel stainless steel shower faucets view all shower faucets no. of handles one three two type bath/shower trim kit body spray diverter valve & trim hand shower on/off valve & trim rough valve shower arm shower heads slide bar thermostatic valve & trim tub spout bathing bathing pools view all bathing pools installation alcove drop-in freestanding integral undermounted features ada compliant deep soak walk-in massage tubs view all massage tubs installation alcove drop-in integral undermounted type air bath combo massage whirlpool features ada compliant deep soak ecosilent everclean® surface walk-in baths view all walk-in baths type air bath bathtub combo massage whirlpool features built-in grab bar chromatherapy quick drain tub and shower doors view all tub and shower doors type shower tub opening size 21" to 40" 41" to 60" 60" or more other tub and shower walls view all tub and shower walls type shower tub length 42" or more less than 42" shower bases view all shower bases shape corner rectangle square length 36" or more less than 36" funbaths view all funbaths bath drains view all bath drains furniture, sinks & vanity tops bathroom mirrors view all bathroom mirrors type medicine cabinet mirror width 24" or more less than 24" bathroom sinks view all bathroom sinks sink faucet drilling 4" centerset 8" widespread center hole only type above counter countertop pedestal bathroom vanities & washstands view all bathroom vanities & washstands type vanity vessel stand washstand width 30" or more less than 30" vanity tops view all vanity tops sink faucet drilling 4" centerset 8" widespread center hole only basin shape oval rectangle round commercial commercial toilets view all commercial toilets flush rate 1.1 gpf 1.28 gpf 1.6 gpf 1.6/1.1 gpf (dual flush) facility type education healthcare hospitality institutional commercial faucets view all commercial faucets sink faucet drilling 4" centerset 6" - 12" widespread center hole only flow rate 0.35 gpm 0.5 gpm 1.0 gpm 1.5 gpm 2.2 gpm commercial bathroom sinks view all commercial bathroom sinks sink faucet drilling 4" centerset 8" widespread center hole only facility type education healthcare hospitality institutional commercial flush valves view all commercial flush valves flush rate 0.125 gpf 0.5 gpf 1.0 gpf 1.28 gpf 1.28/1.1 gpf (dual flush) 1.6 gpf 1.6/1.1 gpf (dual flush) installation concealed exposed commercial showers view all commercial showers flow rate 1.5 gpm 2.0 gpm 2.5 gpm type shower system kit showerhead slide bar urinals view all urinals flush rate 0.125 gpf 0.5 gpf 1.0 gpf waterless features ada compliant everclean® surface system watersense® certified commercial toilet seats view all commercial toilet seats bathroom collections casual acrylux berwick boulevard cadet cascada ceramix faucet champion toilet colony colony soft copeland everclean whirlpool evolution flowise madera toilet monterrey portsmouth reliant 3 faucet seva tropic modern clean green tea invisia moments faucet prevoir saver savona selectronic serin studio times square traditional dazzle ellisse hampton faucet heritage princeton quentin retrospect standard town square williamsburg kitchen kitchen accessories view all kitchen accessories type colander cutting board sink drain sink rack soap dish kitchen faucets view all kitchen faucets installation counter mounted wall mounted no. of handles one two number of faucet holes four one three two features ada compliant filter pull out spout side spray kitchen sinks view all kitchen sinks installation drop-in undermounted number of basins one three two number of faucet holes four one three two zero length 14" 24" or more less than 24" commercial kitchen faucets view all commercial kitchen faucets sink faucet drilling 4" centerset 6" - 12" widespread center hole only flow rate 0.35 gpm 1.5 gpm 2.2 gpm installation counter mounted wall mounted features ada compliant water efficient kitchen collections casual cadet colony colony choice colony soft lakeland portsmouth quince reliant + modern arch faucet pekoe faucet prevoir traditional hampton faucet heritage williamsburg buy online store online store support where to buy repair parts order literature product reviews warranty info & registration merchandise support faq's contact us warranty info & registration technical document search glossary of terms care & repair order literature online store support customer resource center glossary of terms looking around the american standard website or at a brochure and see a term you're not familiar with? you'll probably find it here. word search: submit a - b - c - d - e - f - g - h - i - j - k - l - m - n - o - p - q - r - s - t - u - v - w - x - y - z - all actuator button: located on the left side of the tank or in center of tank cover. lever or button is depressed to activate flushing cycle. adjustable hot limit stop: restricts hot water output in single control faucets and showers to protect against scalding by limiting the swing to the hot side. apron: an acrylic panel can be used in place of tile or marble. when an acrylic tub is mounted in a 3-wall installation. back-to-back cartridge: for use when you have two bathrooms showers back to back. this cartridge keeps you from having to replumb your hot & cold supply lines in one of the showers (it internally has hot & cold reversed). ballpass: a method of measuring trapway or outlet size. bidet: a personal hygiene fixture with hot and cold water supply intended for genital and personal cleanliness. centerset: area measuring 4" from the center of left faucet handle to center of the right handle. conical sponge washer: sealing washer on a urinal between outlet connection at the wall and the china to make a watertight seal. cwt: copper water tube. faucet trim: all of the decorative parts to your faucet, such as handles, wall plate, spout, etc. female threads: the threads of the pipe are on the inside. fixture: china piece only, without trim and/or fittings. flapper: disc-like composite rubber seal that retains water in a toilet tank. during the flushing cycle, it is lifted to release water from the tank into the toilet bowl for a complete flushing cycle. floor flange: cast iron, pvc, abs or metal ring located flush to the floor and is connected to the drain pipe which the toilet is fastened to. (offset floor flange allows waste pipe to remain at existing rough but will move flange out approximately 2".) flush tower: patented american standard tower that releases water into the bowl. this patented innovation provides the most powerful flush possible while using precisely 1.6 gallons of water. there’s no chain and flapper, so there’s no more jiggling the handle. flush valve: a special form of valve located at the bottom of a toilet tank, used to discharge the water from the tank into a water closet or urinal. flushometer valve: system used in our pressure assisted toilets air trapped inside an enclosed tank is compressed as water refills the tank after it is flushed.. when the toilet is flushed, the air releases like a tightly wound spring, surging the water into the bowl at high velocity. the crest of this torrent empties bowl contents in less than 4 seconds, and pushes them through the drainline. gravity fed toilet: water in the tank is quickly released into the bowl and its weight and gravity create a siphonic action to withdraw waste and water from the bowl. inlet spud: located on top of the china. it is the connection from the flush valve to feed the water to the urinal or commercial toilet. a water supply tube fits inside the inlet spud, and a compression nut is secured on top to make a watertight connection. an escutcheon covers the compression nut and inlet spud. integral: a cast or formed part of a fixture, such as seat or tank. ips: iron pipe supply male threads: the threads of the pipe are on the outside. neoprene gasket: used instead of wax ring on rear outlet installations as a seal to prevent leakage and fumes. (a wax ring will soften and may cause drip-down leakage and escape of fumes). nominal dimension: within established range of manufacturing tolerances. npt: national pipe threads one hundred seventy c kit: kit which bolts the toilet tank to the toilet bowl (gasket, two bolts, washers and nuts). one piece toilet: tank and bowl are molded together into one piece, not separate tank and bowl. outlet connection: waste connection to the drain system. plunger repair kit: depending upon model-may contain plunger, clip, seat, o-ring to seal top of water control to body of water control. if the float rod is lifted up and the water keeps running, using a plunger repair kit may stop water from running in the tank via the refill tube. newer models do not have a plunger repair kit option, as it is relatively inexpensive to replace the entire water control. pressure assisted toilet: utilizes the power of the flushometer valve to create a powerful siphonic flushing action. water fills a sealed tank inside the chinaware tank creating pressure by displacing air within this sealed tank. when the push button or trip lever is activated, the water, under pressure, rapidly thrusts or pushes waste and water through the bowl. the entire flushing process occurs very quickly (about 4 seconds). pressure balance: pressure balanced shower valves protect you from drastic temperature changes should someone flush a toilet while you are in the shower. pressurized flushing device: a product that uses the force contained within the water supply to create a pressurized discharge to flush fixtures and which is exclusive of gravity type flushing systems. flushometer valves and flushometer tanks (pressure assist) are examples of pressurized flushing devices. psi: pounds per square inch. measures the pressure of the water supply as it enters a building. refill tube: outlet of water control. it is what the water goes through to fill the tank. screwdriver stops: shut off valves built into the brass body of the bath/shower unit (if you need to work on the unit you turn the water off at the body instead of shutting off your whole house.) seam cover: used with several stallbrook urinals installed side by side to create a seamless appearance. it is installed between each fixture, so that it creates the "look" of one large fixture. spud: a threaded waterway assembly inserted into the fixture for assembly of valves or trim. (back spud - pipes are concealed behind wall. top spud - pipes are exposed.) static pressure: the pressure at the valve inlet that is exerted under a "no flow" condition. strainer: device used to trap foreign materials, preventing blockage of the water passageway in urinals, or sinks. tank cover: china lid which covers the toilet tank. tank trim: parts other than china regularly supplied with a toilet, for example, closet spuds wall hangers, and tank flush valves. trim also includes flush valve, water control and trip lever. toilet roughing-in measurement: dimension from finished wall or floor to center of waste or supply opening or mounting holes. (99% of one and two piece toilets are 12" rough. most flush valve toilets are 10" rough.) top mount: the whole faucet fits through the holes on the top of the sink with a plate covering the body of the faucet. trap: a fitting, device, or integral fixture portion so designed and constructed as to provide a liquid seal which will prevent the backpassage of sewer gas without materially affecting the flow of sewage or wastewater through it. trap seal: height of the water needed in a toilet bowl (measured from the opening of the toilet trap) to block sewer gasses from entering a bathroom. trip lever: located on either the left or right hand side of the toilet tank; used to actuate flush valve, or flush tower, to initiate the flushing cycle. two piece toilet: the toilet tank and bowl are molded separately with the need for attachment through the use of bolts. undermount faucet: the body of the faucet mounts from under the sink and the trim goes on from the top. undermount lavatory: the body of the sink attaches to the underside of the countertop. depending on the design of the sink, faucets can be mounted on the countertop or the sink itself. urinal: a plumbing fixture, that receives only liquid body waste and, on demand, conveys the waste through a trap seal into a gravity drainage system. vacuum breaker: a device to prevent water standing in a basin or container from being drawn back into your water supply if there is a complete loss of water supply pressure. a siphon can occur if the end of a hose, hand spray or spout is below the liquid’s surface, pulling contaminated water into the building’s water supply pipes. vitreous china: as applied to plumbing fixtures (<0.5% absorption), compound of ceramic materials fired at high temperature to form a nonporous body with exposed surfaces coated with ceramic glaze fused to the body. water closet: a plumbing fixture that stores a certain quantity of water inside a vitreous china or plastic tank until it is quickly released into another fixture. a toilet tank stores water until it is released and flushes into the toilet bowl. water control: means of supplying and controlling water level in a tank. water surface: the surface of the still water in the toilet bowl when filled between flushes. wax ring: located between the floor flange and toilet as a seal to prevent leakage and fumes. (note: can also be provided with horn, which fits into the center of the waste pipe.) weir: dam in the trapway that is specifically designed to give you recommended water seal and water spot. widespread: measuring 8" from center of the left faucet handle to center of the right handle with everything in a separate hole (h-spout-c). support pages faqs contact us warranty info & registration technical document search glossary of terms care & repair how tos customer resource center order literature parts and more support find a representative back to top bathroom products toilets, seats & bidets bathroom faucets & accessories commercial furniture, sinks & vanitiy tops bathing repair parts kitchen products kitchen accessories kitchen faucets kitchen sinks buy online store where to buy repair parts warranty info & registration order literature product reviews merchandise support faq's contact us warranty info & registration technical document search glossary of terms care & repair how tos order literature online store support for the pros american standard prosite customer resource center technical document search find a representative spotlight manufacturer cross reference ats specs what’s new for professionals american standard brands sign up for our newsletter: quicklinks pressroom company info careers videos social networks our sites american standard prosite flush for good safe and accessible professor toilet (blog) responsible living (blog) international canada mexico © 2014 american standard brands privacy policy sitemap profile sign in and sign up xclose