来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20201229170732/https://www.americanstandard-us.com/learn/about-toilets/how-to-choose-a-toilet
================================================================================

how to choose a toilet | learn about toilets | american standard as-logo-horzas-logo-vert we recommend american standard canada we recommend american standard mexico sign in sign in email email is required. password password is required. sign in forgot password? sign up signup 0 cart where to buy register warranty bathroom bathroom overview bathroom view all bathroom toilets toilets overview acticlean self-cleaning toilet vormax plus self cleaning toilet vormax toilets champion toilets water efficient one-piece two-piece elongated round view all showers showers overview shower bases tub & shower doors tub & shower walls view all bathroom sink faucets bathroom sink faucets overview widespread faucets centerset faucets single hole faucets vessel faucets wall mounted faucets view all bathtubs bathtubs overview alcove tubs drop-in tubs freestanding tubs soaking tubs massage tubs whirlpools walk-in tubs bath drains view all bathtub faucets bathtub faucets overview roman tub faucets freestanding tub faucets tub spouts view all bathroom sinks bathroom sinks overview drop-in sinks undermount sinks vessel sinks pedestal sinks wall mount sinks view all bidets bidets overview bidet toilets manual bidets spalet bidet toilet seats view all shower faucets shower faucets overview flash rough-in valve platform shower filtration systems shower heads shower trim kits hand showers shower body sprays view all bidet seats toilet seats bathroom accessories bathroom furniture bidets & bidet faucets collections bathroom collections traditional transitional innovative modern view all bidet seats toilet seats bathroom accessories bathroom furniture bidets & bidet faucets helpful guides choosing a toiletchoosing a bathroom sinkchoosing a faucetgo greenada browse by collection traditional transitional innovative modern view all kitchen kitchen overview kitchen view all kitchen kitchen faucets kitchen faucets overview filtered kitchen faucets touch faucets touchless kitchen faucets pull-down faucets pull-out faucets selectflo side spray faucets single handle faucets two handle faucets view all kitchen sinks kitchen sinks overview undermount kitchen sink country kitchen sink double bowl kitchen sink farmhouse sink stainless steel kitchen sink drop in kitchen sink single bowl kitchen sink view all kitchen accessories kitchen accessories overview sink grid soap dispenser view all shop parts collections kitchen collections traditional transitional innovative modern view all shop parts helpful guides: choosing a kitchen sinkchoosing a faucetfinding a professionalgo greenada browse by collection: traditional transitional innovative modern view all commercial commercial overview commercial view all commercial commercial showers commercial showers overview commercial showers commercial shower heads shower system kits slide bar view all commercial toilets commercial toilets overview ada commercial toilets commercial flush valves commercial toilet seats diaphragm flush valves floor mounted commercial toilets flushometer commercial toilet gravity assist commercial toilets pressure assist commercial toilets wall mounted commercial toilets view all commercial kitchen faucets commercial kitchen faucets overview ada commercial faucet low flow commercial kitchen faucet single hole commercial kitchen faucet widespread commercial kitchen faucet view all commercial urinals commercial urinals overview ada urinals blow out urinals siphon jet urinals washdown urinals waterless urinals view all commercial bathroom faucets commercial bathroom faucets overview ada commercial bathroom faucets manual commercial faucets metering commercial faucets sensor commercial faucets view all commercial bathroom sinks commercial bathroom sinks overview ada commercial sinks 4 inch centerset sinks 8 inch widespread sinks centerhole only sinks view all case studies commercial water savings calculator commercial water savings calculator (in gallons) smartherm technology case studies commercial water savings calculator commercial water savings calculator (in gallons) smartherm technology helpful guides: for pros: personalize your website experiencetechnical documents searchdiy articles learn learn overview learn view all learn bathtubs bathtubs overview diy bathtub recipes for relaxing how to choose a massage tub how to clean a bathtub which bathtub is right for me? view all showers showers overview how to choose a shower rough-in valve how to clean a showerhead how to install a showerhead what does pressure balance mean view all bidet toilet seats bidet toilet seats overview spalet bidet toilet seats explained how to use a spalet bidet toilet seat how to measure your spalet to fit your toilet compare bidet toilet seats view all learn about toilets learn about toilets overview how to choose a toilet how to unclog a toilet what is a two-piece toilet what type of wax ring should i use? view all bathroom faucets bathroom faucets overview how to choose a bathroom faucet how to clean a bathroom faucet mounting options for bathroom faucets what is a ceramic disc valve view all find a career shop clearance shop parts submit an idea collections find a career shop clearance shop parts submit an idea how to guides: case studieslearn about innovation browse all articles: view all parts & support parts & support overview parts & support view all parts & support parts store shop clearance glossary installation help warranty information faqs highly rated products leave a review care & repair where to buy lead free online store support parts technical search toilet parts matrix contact customer support contact us pros professionals overview professionals view all professionals how to innovations manufacturer cross reference technical document search virtual room designer wholesale representative finder certified response technician builder advantage program i am a professional... architect/designer builder/remodeler commercial pro plumber showroom pro wholesaler lowes pro home depot pro menards pro architect/designer builder/remodeler commercial pro plumber showroom pro wholesaler lowes pro home depot pro menards pro customize the website experience to fit your needs. sign in where to buy register warranty products: {result.productname} {result.displaysku} view more products parts: {result.productname} {result.displaysku} view more parts go how to choose a toilet learn | toilets | how to choose a toilet choosing a new toilet for the bathroom can be an overwhelming experience. with so many options, configurations, and styles to choose from, you want to make sure you’re selecting the right toilet to suit all your needs. when selecting a new toilet for your bathroom, consider your desires, budget, and lifestyle. the right toilet can drastically improve your bathroom experience, and we’re here to help you navigate through all the different things you need to take into consideration before making your final choice. here are the top eight things to consider: step 1: learn about innovations there is a constant stream of new innovations that make toilets work harder, last longer and stay cleaner than ever before. self-cleaning toilets, for example, allow you to save time, and cuts out the need to do one of the most undesired chores in the house! our new acticlean self-cleaning toilet is the perfect solution, using a cleaning solution combined with our powerful vormax flushing system, with both a quick clean and deep clean cycle for a bowl that’s sparkling clean at the touch of a button. view the acticlean self-cleaning toilet american standard offers a wide range of toilets with our unique everclean® surface. it is an ultra-smooth glaze with antimicrobial properties which is applied on top of the conventional glaze and fired into all glazed surfaces of the toilet. it gives the toilet a super smooth, mirror-like finish - which stays cleaner because the soil has a harder time clinging to it. the everclean® surface also inhibits the growth of stain and odor-causing bacteria, mold, and mildew on the surface. view all toilets with the everclean® surface step 2: consider a toilet that can help save water not only is water conservation important to the environment, but it can also help save you money on your water bill each month. standard toilets now flush at a rate of 1.6 gallons per flush (gpf) – which is less than 50% of the water used by older 3.5 gpf toilets. due to advances in hydraulic designs, these 1.6 gpf toilets work as well, and in some cases even better than older toilets in terms of bulk removal and reducing clogs. high-efficiency toilets (hets) flush at a rate of 1.28 gallons per flush, saving 20% more water than their 1.6 gpf counterparts. flushing performance on our hets is just as good as on our 1.6 gpf toilets, making it an easy option to save water. view all high-efficiency toilets ultra-high efficiency toilets (uhets) flush at rates as low as 1.0 gpf, without sacrificing performance. they are the ultimate in water-saving toilets. view all ultra-high efficiency toilets dual-flush toilets bring the best of both worlds, with an option for either a full or partial flush. view all dual-flush toilets different parts of the country have different water conservation issues. use of a dual-flush, het, or uhet toilet may qualify you for a rebate in your area. not only will you save money, without sacrificing on performance, but you may even get paid to do it! step 3: choose the right configuration for your bathroom there are several different configurations of toilets to suit different needs. selecting the right configuration will ensure that the toilet has the right look and design for your bathroom. one-piece toilets are actually six to ten individual pieces sculpted into a single seamless unit with both a tank and bowl already attached. the result is a sleek, hand-crafted toilet with no crevices between the tank and bowl to collect dirt and odors. view all one-piece toilets two-piece toilets have a separate tank and bowl which are bolted together upon installation. all of the american standard bowls have a “sanitary dam” – a raised chinaware pier at the back of the bowl – where the tank is bolted. the raised area ensures that offending materials can be cleaned off and will not accumulate and cause odors between the bowl and tank. view all two-piece toilets round-front toilets feature a bowl with a more compact design, perfect for fitting in smaller bathrooms and powder rooms. view all round front toilets elongated toilets have a bowl that extends out further with extra room in the front for added comfort. compact elongated toilets are available with an elongated shape that fits into the same space as a round front toilet. view all elongated toilets step 4: determine the rough-in and size requirements toilets come in various sizes, so make sure to check the width, depth, and height of your available space. most toilets bolt to the floor 12-inches from the wall (not counting the baseboard). this is known as the “rough-in” dimension. view all 12-inch rough-in toilets 10-inch rough-in toilets and 14-inch rough-in toilets are available for bathrooms with less or extra space than the more common 12-inch rough-in. view all 10-inch rough-in toilets view all 14-inch rough-in toilets step 5: consider a tall toilet for added comfort the traditional toilet bowl rim height is about 15-inches from the floor. the seat ring adds another ½ to 1-inch of height. many people find a taller toilet bowl is more comfortable. american standard offers right height toilets with a rim height of 16-1/2 inches from the floor. view all right height toilets step 6: choose the right flushing system american standard offers a variety of flushing systems, in a range of pricing and functionality. the vormax™ flushing system features a powerful jet that scrubs the entire bowl, removing everything in its path. vormax flush technology is proven to clean two times better than conventional toilets. *source: test report no. 109-141486-002, comparing vormax against conventional under-the-rim-water-dispersal toilets from major retailers. view all vormax toilets the champion® 4 flushing system has the largest siphonic trapway (2-3/8" diameter) and the largest flush valve (4" diameter) is virtually clog-free, so you'll never have to plunge again. it's packed with innovative features that make it ideal for busy and/or large households. view all champion toilets the cadet®3 flushing system has a larger siphonic trapway (2-1/8" diameter) and a larger flush valve (3" diameter) for higher performance and fewer clogs. what's more, its easy-to-clean design makes it ideal for medium to high use bathrooms. a variant of this system is the lxp flushing system, which has an industry standard 2" diameter siphonic trapway with a larger flush valve (3" diameter), which also offers higher performance with fewer clogs. view all cadet toilets step 7: match the toilet to your bathroom design style consider the design style of your bathroom when selecting a toilet. if you have a more traditional, transitional, or modern flair, there are toilet options for every look. traditional bathrooms typically feature two-piece toilets with classic styling, for a timeless look. view traditional bathroom collections transitional and contemporary bathrooms typically feature a more updated design. view transitional bathroom collections modern bathrooms may call for a sleek one-piece or two-piece toilet with clean lines and geometric flair. view modern bathroom collections step 8: consider toilet performance the bathroom gets a lot of use each day – when selecting a new toilet, you want to make sure that it performs to the highest standards. choosing a toilet with great flushing performance can help eliminate clogs as well as dirt in the bowl. toilet performance is graded with a map score, which represents the number of grams of waste that are eliminated from the bowl in a single flush. a toilet with a score of 1,000g – 600g is considered to have great flushing performance and will remove up to 35 oz. of waste in a single flush. american standard toilets are fully tested to ensure superior quality and lasting performance. this includes actually flush testing each bowl at the plant before it is put into the box. each component must comply with american standard's industry-leading product durability standards. our favorite toilets vormax collection vormax plus right height elongated complete toilet {107} {4.43930006027222} 5 vormax collection acticlean self-cleaning right height elongated 1.28 gpf toilet {98} {3.86730003356934} 5 edgemere collection edgemere white 1.28 gpf watersense elongated chair height 2-piece toilet 12-in rough-in size {60} {4.66669988632202} 5 champion toilet collection champion pro right height elongated 1.28 gpf toilet {54} {3.70370006561279} 5 view all toilets contact usaboutcase studiesleave a product reviewpresspress kitsregister warrantyreturnsshop clearance productsshop partssustainabilitywhere to buy american standardpersonalize your website experienceamerican standard for military sign up for our newsletter for the latest in american standard innovations, promotions, and more, sign up for the american standard newsletter! products ada products bathroom faucets bidet toilet seats bathroom sinks bathtub kitchen faucets shower toilets commercial commercial bathroom faucets commercial kitchen faucets commercial showers commercial sinks commercial toilets urinals inspiration diy articles for pros go green innovation international canada mexico our sites careers business portal ©2019 american standard brand lixil privacy policy sitemap social policy headache-free installation. 1 purchase your faucet from american standard opt-in during the checkout process for more info on installation by taskrabbit. 2 you'll get an email from us about our partnership with taskrabbit click the link in the email to schedule a tasker. convenient & easy. 3 relax and enjoy your new american standard faucet  enjoy no-hassle installation by taskrabbit with your new american standard faucet. setup installation