来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20211230220246/https://www.americanstandard-us.com/learn/about-toilets/how-to-choose-a-toilet
================================================================================

how to choose a toilet where to buy sign in sign up total cart 0 items in your cart home added to cart quantity:    | remove total view cartcheck out toggle navigation submit trending searches clog-free toilets touchless bathrooms cleanest toilets filtration system matte black faucets bidet seats trending products champion pro two-piece 1.28 gpf/4.8 lpf chair height elongated toilet less seat shop now > saybrook single-handle pull-down dual spray kitchen faucet 1.5 gpm with filter shop now > aquawash® 2.0 electric spalet® bidet seat with manual operation shop now > cadet® touchless chair height elongated toilet less seat shop now > avery® touchless single-handle pull-down dual spray kitchen faucet 1.5 gpm/5.7 l/min shop now > advanced clean® 3.0 electric spalet® bidet seat with remote operation shop now > beale® single-handle pull-down dual-spray kitchen faucet 1.5 gpm/5.7 l/min shop now > need help finding a product?find your perfect product using our selector tooltry our product selector bathroom bathroom bathroom bathroom toilets back toilets elongated round view all toilet seats & bidet seats back toilet seats & bidet seats elongated round electronic bidet seats manual bidet seats view all bathroom sink faucets back bathroom sink faucets centerset widespread single hole view all showers & enclosures back showers & enclosures shower heads & faucets bases doors walls view all bathtubs back bathtubs alcove alcove hydromassage drop-in drop-in hydromassage freestanding view all bathtub faucets back bathtub faucets tub spouts deck mounted floor mounted tub fillers showers view all bathroom sinks back bathroom sinks undermount above counter pedestal view all console sinks & furniture back console sinks & furniture view all accessories back accessories toilet paper holders towel bars towel rings view all promotions and best sellers back promotions and best sellers shop now parts bathroom bathroom parts back bathroom parts acticlean cleaning cartridge actifresh filter bathroom faucet shower system toilet vormax fresh infuser view all resources bathroom ada products back ada products about ada browse ada products diy articles back diy articles diy care & repair faqs shop collections back shop collections modern traditional transitional innovative sustainability back sustainability go green collections shop by style innovative innovative modern modern traditional traditional transitional transitional need help finding a product? find your perfect product using our selector tool try our product selector try our product selector kitchen kitchen kitchen kitchen kitchen faucets back kitchen faucets pull-down pull-out touchless filtration view all kitchen sinks back kitchen sinks single bowl double bowl farmhouse view all kitchen accessories back kitchen accessories sink grids soap dispensers view all promotions and best sellers back promotions and best sellers shop now parts kitchen kitchen parts back kitchen parts filter replacement cartridge for saybrook faucet kitchen faucet kitchen sink view all resources kitchen ada products back ada products about ada browse ada products diy articles back diy articles diy care & repair faqs shop collections back shop collections modern traditional transitional innovative sustainability back sustainability go green collections shop by style innovative innovative modern modern traditional traditional transitional transitional need help finding a product? find your perfect product using our selector tool try our product selector try our product selector commercial back commercial commercial commercial toilets back commercial toilets floor mounted flushometer gravity flush pressure assist wall mounted view all urinals back urinals siphon jet washdown view all flush valves and sanitary systems back flush valves and sanitary systems diaphragm manual sensor toilet urinal view all commercial bathroom faucets back commercial bathroom faucets manual metering touchless counter mounted wall mounted view all commercial showers back commercial showers view all parts commercial commercial parts back commercial parts fittings & flush valve sink & bracket urinal view all resources commercial sustainability back sustainability about sustainability commercial water calculator residential commercial calculator need help finding a product? find your perfect product using our selector tool try our product selector try our product selector learn back learn about our products learn bathroom faucets back bathroom faucets how to choose a bathroom faucet view all bathtubs back bathtubs how to choose a bathtub view all bidet toilet seats back bidet toilet seats how to choose a bidet view all kitchen faucets back kitchen faucets how to choose a kitchen faucet view all showers back showers how to choose a rough-in valve view all toilet seats back toilet seats how to choose a toilet seat view all toilets back toilets how to choose a toilet view all how to guides learn back design accessible style choosing the right colors ideas for a small bathroom remodel your bathroom on a budget back guides find a professional generating design ideas glossary tools & resources learn for professionals back for professionals cross reference tool innovations lixil specification tool price books toilet matrix back water savings calculators commercial commercial in gallons residential residential in gallons need help finding a product? find your perfect product using our selector tool try our product selector try our product selector support back support support contact us back contact us contact us online store support parts store back parts store bathroom parts commercial parts kitchen parts product support back product support returns warranty about us support about american standard back about american standard about us our brand sustainability leave a review innovations back innovations american standard innovations knowledge base support faq back faq care and repair faqs back tools cross reference tool diy articles glossary product selector need help finding a product? find your perfect product using our selector tool try our product selector try our product selector collections shop by style innovative innovative modern modern traditional traditional transitional transitional need help finding a product? find your perfect product using our selector tool try our product selector try our product selector home learn about toilets how to choose a toilet how to choose a toilet choosing a new toilet for the bathroom can be an overwhelming experience. with so many options, configurations, and styles to choose from, you want to make sure you’re selecting the right toilet to suit all your needs. when selecting a new toilet for your bathroom, consider your desires, budget, and lifestyle. the right toilet can drastically improve your bathroom experience, and we’re here to help you navigate through all the different things you need to take into consideration before making your final choice. here are the top eight things to consider: step 1: learn about innovations there is a constant stream of new innovations that make toilets work harder, last longer and stay cleaner than ever before. self-cleaning toilets, for example, allow you to save time, and cuts out the need to do one of the most undesired chores in the house! our new acticlean self-cleaning toilet is the perfect solution, using a cleaning solution combined with our powerful vormax flushing system, with both a quick clean and deep clean cycle for a bowl that’s sparkling clean at the touch of a button. view the acticlean self-cleaning toilet american standard offers a wide range of toilets with our unique everclean® surface. it is an ultra-smooth glaze with antimicrobial properties which is applied on top of the conventional glaze and fired into all glazed surfaces of the toilet. it gives the toilet a super smooth, mirror-like finish - which stays cleaner because the soil has a harder time clinging to it. the everclean® surface also inhibits the growth of stain and odor-causing bacteria, mold, and mildew on the surface. view all toilets with the everclean® surface step 2: consider a toilet that can help save water not only is water conservation important to the environment, but it can also help save you money on your water bill each month. standard toilets now flush at a rate of 1.6 gallons per flush (gpf) – which is less than 50% of the water used by older 3.5 gpf toilets. due to advances in hydraulic designs, these 1.6 gpf toilets work as well, and in some cases even better than older toilets in terms of bulk removal and reducing clogs. high-efficiency toilets (hets) flush at a rate of 1.28 gallons per flush, saving 20% more water than their 1.6 gpf counterparts. flushing performance on our hets is just as good as on our 1.6 gpf toilets, making it an easy option to save water. view all high-efficiency toilets ultra-high efficiency toilets (uhets) flush at rates as low as 1.0 gpf, without sacrificing performance. they are the ultimate in water-saving toilets. view all ultra-high efficiency toilets dual-flush toilets bring the best of both worlds, with an option for either a full or partial flush. view all dual-flush toilets different parts of the country have different water conservation issues. use of a dual-flush, het, or uhet toilet may qualify you for a rebate in your area. not only will you save money, without sacrificing on performance, but you may even get paid to do it! step 3: choose the right configuration for your bathroom there are several different configurations of toilets to suit different needs. selecting the right configuration will ensure that the toilet has the right look and design for your bathroom. one-piece toilets are actually six to ten individual pieces sculpted into a single seamless unit with both a tank and bowl already attached. the result is a sleek, hand-crafted toilet with no crevices between the tank and bowl to collect dirt and odors. view all one-piece toilets two-piece toilets have a separate tank and bowl which are bolted together upon installation. all of the american standard bowls have a “sanitary dam” – a raised chinaware pier at the back of the bowl – where the tank is bolted. the raised area ensures that offending materials can be cleaned off and will not accumulate and cause odors between the bowl and tank. view all two-piece toilets round-front toilets feature a bowl with a more compact design, perfect for fitting in smaller bathrooms and powder rooms. view all round front toilets elongated toilets have a bowl that extends out further with extra room in the front for added comfort. compact elongated toilets are available with an elongated shape that fits into the same space as a round front toilet. view all elongated toilets step 4: determine the rough-in and size requirements toilets come in various sizes, so make sure to check the width, depth, and height of your available space. most toilets bolt to the floor 12-inches from the wall (not counting the baseboard). this is known as the “rough-in” dimension. view all 12-inch rough-in toilets 10-inch rough-in toilets and 14-inch rough-in toilets are available for bathrooms with less or extra space than the more common 12-inch rough-in. view all 10-inch rough-in toilets view all 14-inch rough-in toilets step 5: consider a tall toilet for added comfort the traditional toilet bowl rim height is about 15-inches from the floor. the seat ring adds another ½ to 1-inch of height. many people find a taller toilet bowl is more comfortable. american standard offers right height toilets with a rim height of 16-1/2 inches from the floor. view all right height toilets step 6: choose the right flushing system american standard offers a variety of flushing systems, in a range of pricing and functionality. the vormax™ flushing system features a powerful jet that scrubs the entire bowl, removing everything in its path. vormax flush technology is proven to clean two times better than conventional toilets. view all vormax toilets the champion® 4 flushing system has the largest siphonic trapway (2-3/8" diameter) and the largest flush valve (4" diameter) is virtually clog-free, so you'll never have to plunge again. it's packed with innovative features that make it ideal for busy and/or large households. view all champion toilets the cadet®3 flushing system has a larger siphonic trapway (2-1/8" diameter) and a larger flush valve (3" diameter) for higher performance and fewer clogs. what's more, its easy-to-clean design makes it ideal for medium to high use bathrooms. a variant of this system is the lxp flushing system, which has an industry standard 2" diameter siphonic trapway with a larger flush valve (3" diameter), which also offers higher performance with fewer clogs. view all cadet toilets step 7: match the toilet to your bathroom design style consider the design style of your bathroom when selecting a toilet. if you have a more traditional, transitional, or modern flair, there are toilet options for every look. traditional bathrooms typically feature two-piece toilets with classic styling, for a timeless look. view traditional bathroom collections transitional and contemporary bathrooms typically feature a more updated design. view transitional bathroom collections modern bathrooms may call for a sleek one-piece or two-piece toilet with clean lines and geometric flair. view modern bathroom collections step 8: consider toilet performance the bathroom gets a lot of use each day – when selecting a new toilet, you want to make sure that it performs to the highest standards. choosing a toilet with great flushing performance can help eliminate clogs as well as dirt in the bowl. toilet performance is graded with a map score, which represents the number of grams of waste that are eliminated from the bowl in a single flush. a toilet with a score of 1,000g – 600g is considered to have great flushing performance and will remove up to 35 oz. of waste in a single flush. american standard toilets are fully tested to ensure superior quality and lasting performance. this includes actually flush testing each bowl at the plant before it is put into the box. each component must comply with american standard's industry-leading product durability standards. sign in email password forgot password show password login don't have an account?create an account setting the standard create an account *required fields first name last name role consumer architect/designer builder/remodeler plumber showroom pro email confirm passwordconfirm password show password passwordconfirm password show password confirm password show and confirm password sign up to receive email updates and offerings create account i have already an account.sign in success! your account has been created. continue browsing view account elegance engineered to endure reset your password enter your email address and we'll send you an email with a link to reset your password. email* submit cancel sent we’ve sent an email to with a link to reset your password. migrated user - we’ve sent an email to with a link to reset your password. continue browsing for assistance, contact american standard support. elegance engineered to endure sign up for our email newsletterget the latest info from grohe including innovations, inspirational design ideas, special promotions, and much more. click 'subscribe now' to get started, and start receiving emails from grohe. subscribe now at american standard it all begins with our unmatched legacy of quality and innovation that has lasted for more than 140 years.we provide the style and performance that fit perfectly into the life, whatever that may be. follow us facebook youtube twitter instagram our brand contact us about us case studies leave a product review press press kits register warranty returns shop parts sustainability where to buy american standard for military products ada products bathroom accessories bathroom faucets bathroom sinks bathtub faucets bathtubs showers bidet toilet seats toilets kitchen accessories kitchen faucets kitchen sinks commercial commercial bathroom faucets commercial kitchen faucets commercial showers commercial sinks commercial toilets urinals inspiration diy articles for pros go green innovation our sites careers business portal ©2021 american standard brand social policy privacy legal info compare products products minimize you have added a product! add up to 3 products to compare. error: you have items selected from a different category. please check the compare button to remove the current items select an additional product to compare compare all clear