来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20231226131137/https://www.americanstandard-us.com/privacy-policy
================================================================================

privacy policy shop american standard featured products - click here » search sign up | sign in bathroom toilets two-piece toilets one-piece toilets smart toilets toilet + bidet seats toilet trip levers shop all showers showerheads body sprays hand showers shower doors shower walls shower systems thermostats + valves shop all bathtubs alcove bathtubs drop-in bathtubs freestanding bathtubs walk-in bathtubs bathtub faucets trim kits shop all bathroom sink faucets single hole faucets centerset faucets widespread faucets vessel faucets accessories shop all sinks + vanities drop-in sinks vanity sinks pedestal sinks undermount sinks console sinks + furniture shop all kitchen kitchen faucets pull-out faucets pull-down faucets semi-pro faucets bar faucets soap dispensers shop all kitchen sinks farmhouse sinks undermount sinks double-bowl sinks kitchen sink accessories shop all kitchen faucet filtration touchless kitchen sink faucets commercial commercial toilets + urinals toilets commercial urinals wall hung toilets toilet parts urinal parts shop all commercial bathroom faucets + sinks bathroom faucets bathroom sinks sink + brackets parts commercial flush valves + sanitary systems manual flush valves sensor flush valves flush valve parts shop all commercial showers commercial parts services design solutions room planner shop the room installation services walk-in bath tub and shower more our brand about us contact us press careers leave a review inspiration innovations diy articles go green faqs resources professionals warranty returns tradeup commercial price book residential price book parts store bathroom parts kitchen parts collections classic modern transitional innovation search submit trending searches clog-free toilets touchless bathrooms cleanest toilets filtration system matte black faucets bidet seats trending products saybrook® single-handle pull-down dual spray kitchen faucet 1.5 gpm/5.7 l/min with filter shop now aquawash® 2.0 electric spalet® bidet seat with manual operation shop now avery® touchless single-handle pull-down dual spray kitchen faucet 1.5 gpm/5.7 l/min shop now advanced clean® 3.0 electric spalet® bidet seat with remote operation shop now advanced clean® 100 1.32 gpf/4.9 lpf and 0.92 gpf/3.4 lpf spalet® bidet toilet shop now beale® single-handle pull-down dual spray kitchen faucet 1.5 gpm/5.7 l/min shop now need help finding a product?find your perfect product using our selector tooltry our product selector sign in sign up total cart 0 items in your cart home added to cart quantity: | remove total view cart check out kitchen and bathroom fixtures - faucets, sinks, toilets, and accessories privacy policy lixil americas privacy policy​our privacy policy has been updated and is now available.  it will become effective 30 days from publication.  if you have any questions, please reach out to us using the information provided under the “contacting us” section below. please note that specific provisions of this privacy policy may be applicable only to residents of the states of california,​colorado, connecticut, utah, nevada, or the commonwealth of virginia, and, in certain respects, to residents of mexico, canada, or europe.​last updated: july 2022​lixil americas (“lixil”) is part of lixil corporation and holds a leading market position in a key region of the world.  lixil is represented by its powerful range of brands, including american standard, cobra, dxv, grohe, and inax. lixil, of course, recognizes that privacy is of key importance and we want you to be familiar with how we collect, use, and disclose your information.  this privacy policy describes the privacy practices of lixil in connection with information that we collect through various channels including the websites we own and operate (collectively, the “websites”), through the software applications made available by us for use on or through computers and mobile devices (the “apps”), through our social media pages that we control (collectively, our “social media pages”), through email messages and through your communications with us (collectively, including the websites, the apps and our social media pages, the “online services,” and together with offline and sales channels, the “services”).  our privacy policy does not govern our collection of information through any means other than through the services and it does not govern the collection of information by any third parties. this privacy policy applies to websites on which it is found posted.​by using our websites or services, or by providing any information to us, you agree to the terms and conditions of this privacy policy. ​collection of information​“personal information” is information that identifies you as an individual or relates to an identifiable individual.  “other information” is any information that does not reveal your specific identity or does not directly relate to an individual.  personal information and other information is herein collectively referred to as “information”.​we may collect information such as name, address, telephone number and email address, date of birth, or goods and services purchased, special requests made, and information about your preferences and user account, either directly or through third parties.  we may also collect browser and device information, app usage data, and information collected through other technologies, as well as demographic and aggregated information.​if you submit any information relating to other people to us or to our service providers in connection with the services (e.g., if you make a purchase or register for another individual), you represent that you have the authority to do so and to permit us to use the information in accordance with this privacy policy.​we and our service providers may collect information in a variety of ways, including:​through our online services: we may collect information when you place an order or otherwise purchase goods and services from us, communicate with us via online chat services, inform us of any special requests or preferences you may have, or sign up for a newsletter or participate in a survey, contest, or promotional offer.through our offline services: we may collect information from you offline, such as when one of our representatives visits your home, when you place an order over the phone, or when you contact customer service.from other sources: we may receive your information from other sources, such as public databases, joint marketing partners, and other third parties. this may include information from your credit card provider, and other partners, and from social media platforms (including from people with whom you are friends or otherwise connected to).  certain information from your social media account may be linked to other online services and shared with us, which may include information that is part of your social media account or your friends’ account.from authorized licensees: lixil may from time to time enter into a license or similar agreement with a third party to sell products and services under a lixil brand.  such an “authorized licensee” is independent from lixil and may provide information to us about your purchases or your intersection with its sales or service departments.through your browser or device: certain information is collected by most browsers or automatically through your device, such as your media access control (mac) address, computer type (windows or macintosh), screen resolution, operating system name and version, device manufacturer and model, language, internet browser type and version and the name and version of the online services (such as the apps) you are using. we use this information for business purposes such as ensuring that the online services function properly.through your use of the apps: when you download and use an app, we and our service providers and business partners may track and collect app usage data, such as the date and time the app on your device accesses our servers and what information and files have been downloaded to the app based on your device number.payment information:while payment information may be required if you elect to pay for certain goods or services via credit card, we do not collect and do not have access to complete credit card numbers.  this information is passed through directly to our service provider, which processes payment.  we do not take any responsibility for the acts or website of the service provider regarding the processing of this information.  we do retain “masked” or portions of credit card numbers for limited purposes such as confirmation of credit card payment receipts. using cookies: we collect information through the use of cookies which allows us to, among other things, tailor our advertisements or offers to you. if you do not want information collected through the use of cookies, there is a simple procedure in most browsers that allows you to automatically decline cookies or be given the choice of declining or accepting the transfer to your computer of a particular cookie (or cookies) from a particular site.  if, however, you do not accept cookies, you may experience some inconveniences such as needing to log in every time you visit or you may not receive offers from us that are relevant to your interests and needs.  at this time, we do not respond to browser “do-not-track” signals.using pixel tags and other similar technologies: pixel tags (also known as web beacons and clear gifs) may be used in connection with some online services to, among other things, track the actions of users of the online services (including email recipients), measure the success of our marketing campaigns, and compile statistics about usage of the online services and response rates.google analytics: we also use google analytics and adobe analytics, which use cookies and similar technologies to collect and analyze information about use of the services and report on activities and trends. these services may collect information regarding the use of other websites, apps and online resources. you can learn about google’s practices by going to www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners, and opt-out by downloading the google analytics opt-out browser add-on, available at https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout. you can learn more about adobe and opt-out by visiting http://www.adobe.com/privacy/opt-out.html.appnova ltd.: we also use appnova ltd. (“appnova”) for digital marketing. this privacy policy adopts the privacy policy of appnova, further articulated in appnova’s privacy policy available at https://www.appnova.com/privacy-policy/. if there is any conflict between the terms in this privacy policy and appnova’s privacy policy, the terms in this privacy policy shall govern.using adobe flash technology (including flash local shared objects (“flash lsos”)) and other similar technologies: we may use flash lsos and other technologies to, among other things, collect and store information about your use of the online services. if you do not want flash lsos stored on your computer, you can block flash lso storage using the tools contained in the website storage settings panel. you can also control flash lsos by going to the global storage settings panel and following the instructions.  please note that setting the flash player to restrict or limit acceptance of flash lsos may reduce or impede the functionality of some flash applications, including those used in connection with the online services. for more information, you may also wish to refer to https://helpx.adobe.com/flash-player/kb/disable-local-shared-objects-flash.html.ip address: your ip address is a number that is automatically assigned to the computer that you are using by your internet service provider (isp). an ip address may be identified and logged automatically in our server log files whenever a user accesses the online services, along with the time of the visit and the page(s) that were visited. collecting ip addresses is standard practice and is done automatically by many websites, applications and other services. we use ip addresses for several purposes, such as calculating usage levels, diagnosing server problems and administering the online services. we may also derive your approximate location from your ip address.physical location & mobile location-based services: we may collect the general physical location of your device by, for example, using satellite, cell phone tower, wifi signals, or other technologies. we may use your device’s general physical location to provide you with personalized location-based services, advertising, and content. we may collect precise geolocation information from you, such as through your mobile device’s bluetooth or similar capabilities, only if we first obtain your consent as required under applicable law. by aggregating information: aggregated information does not personally identify you or any other user of the services (for example, we may aggregate information to calculate the percentage of our users who have a particular telephone area code).in the preceding 12 months, lixil has collected the following categories of personal information from the following sources and for the following purposes. lixil may collect only certain pieces of personal information described in a given category and may not collect certain pieces of personal information described in each category.​category of personal information collectedcategory of source of collectionbusiness or commercial purpose of collectioncontact information (such as name, email address, phone number, delivery address, etc.)provided by the consumer as part of an online or in-store purchasemarketing offers for our productstransaction fulfillmentwarranty/recall or other product service or supportdesign preferences datacookie data from website (such as ip address, browsing history, geolocation data, etc.)room planner applications and preference exploration toolshelping you make design decisionsmarketing offers based on your design preferencessuggesting your nearestlixil partner or retailertransaction historydata generated during purchase process (such as product number/sku, purchase price, etc.)fulfilling your orderdelivering your productssupporting warranty/recall or other product service and supportwarranty/recall service dataprovided by customer, including via calls to customer service, online chat, etc.provided by service technician following service visitproviding you repair or other servicesalerting you in the event of a product service action or recalldetermining whether requested services are covered by warrantydelivery fulfillmentprovided by lixil to logistics/delivery companies to deliver your productsdelivery confirmation data as may be provideddelivering your productconfirming deliverydocumenting condition of product upon delivery (as required)general demographic dataobtained by social media platformsmarketing offers and advertisements for our productssensitive personal dataprovided by the consumermarketing offers and advertisements for our products​we collect sensitive personal data from you only if we first obtain your consent for the collection of such sensitive personal data as may be required under applicable law.  sensitive personal data includes your religious or philosophical beliefs, racial or ethnic origin, health or medical information, genetic or biometric data, bank account information (other than for the purpose of processing your order), or other similar sensitive personal data as such term is defined under applicable law.​use of information​we may use and disclose information for various purposes, except where we are required to do otherwise under applicable law.  such purposes include:​to provide the products or services you request.to complete your order and provide you with related customer service.to receive limited payment information from the payment processor to validate credit card payment receipts against our orders. to send you administrative information, marketing communications, promotional offers, periodic customer satisfaction, market research, or quality assurance surveys.to personalize your experience and with respect to the online services by presenting products and offers tailored to you.to allow you to participate in sweepstakes, contests, and other promotions and to administer these activities. some of these activities have additional rules and may be operated by service providers who have their own rules as well. please read any such rules carefully as they could explain how your information is used and disclosed.for our business purposes, such as data analysis, audits, security and fraud monitoring and prevention, developing new products, enhancing, improving or modifying our services, identifying usage trends, determining the effectiveness of our promotional campaigns, and operating and expanding our business activities.we may also use information in connection with loyalty programs and/or other expressly subscribed rewards based programs to:​send you information regarding your account status and activities;assess the benefits to which you are entitled;administer points earned;manage your choices regarding how you wish to earn points (e.g., participating airlines and other company loyalty programs) and track your points and transaction activity.​disclosure of informationyour information may be disclosed in connection with the following services that we provide as a global company:​appointments: the information you provide to us for making an appointment in your home is made available to the applicable service partner for the purpose of meeting your appointment request.within lixil corporation affiliates: we may disclose your information to lixil affiliates such as our parent, subsidiaries, and other affiliated entities within the lixil corporation for the purposes described in this privacy policy, such as for the purpose of sending you marketing communications, consistent with your choices. you should also be aware that information may be transferred to or received by such affiliated entities in the u.s. or in other countries, which may have different privacy regulations than those applicable in the country where you reside. to service providers: we may disclose information to our third party service providers and partners who provide services such as advertising and media, website hosting, data analysis, payment processing, order fulfillment, information technology and related infrastructure provision, customer service, email delivery, auditing and other services.  our websites may sometimes contain links to other service provider websites.  we assume no responsibility for the content or the privacy policies and practices on those websites.to authorized licensees: we may disclose your information to an authorized licensee in connection with the services.  an example of this is a dealer or retailer that offers our products for sale.  the third-party dealer or retailer may contact you directly by email, phone, or postal mail. information you provide to them will be subject to the privacy policy of that authorized licensee and not to this privacy policy.sponsors of sweepstakes, contests and other promotions.  we may operate sweepstakes, contests, and other promotions through the services that may require online registration with us or with third-party providers of such contests or promotions.  you should carefully review the rules of each sweepstakes, contest, or promotion in which you participate through the services, as they may contain additional information about the third-party provider’s use or disclosure of your information.  if there is a conflict in the treatment of information between the rules of the sweepstakes or other promotion and this policy, the terms and conditions of such rules control.through social media: we may disclose your information to your friends associated with your social media account, to other website users, and to your social media account provider, in connection with your social sharing activity.  by linking your online services account and your social media account, you authorize us to share information with your social media account provider, and you understand that the use of the information we share will be governed by the social media site’s privacy policy and according to the privacy settings you have chosen.  in addition, when you elect to post information on message boards, chat, profile pages, and blogs and other services to which you are able to post information and materials (including, without limitation, our social media pages) any such information you post or disclose through these services will become public and may be available to other users and the general public.corporate reorganization: we may disclose your information to a third party in the event of any reorganization, merger, sale, joint venture, assignment, transfer, or other disposition of all or any portion of our business, assets, or stock (including in connection with any bankruptcy or similar proceedings).​we may also use and disclose information as we believe to be necessary or appropriate: (a) to comply with applicable law, which may include laws from outside your country of residence; (b) to comply with legal process; (c) to respond to requests from public and government authorities, including public and government authorities outside your country of residence; (d) to enforce our terms and conditions; (e) to protect our operations or those of any of our affiliates; (f) to protect our rights, privacy, safety, or property, and/or that of our affiliates, you or others; and (g) to allow us to pursue available remedies or limit the damages that we may sustain.​in addition to other forms of personal information, we may perform the following actions on the categories of data disclosed below:​collectdiscloseidentifiersidentifierspersonal information under cal. civil code 1798.80personal information under cal. civil code 1798.80network informationcommercial information​as a resident of california, colorado, connecticut, virginia, utah, or nevada you may opt-out of the sale of your personal information by submitting a request to us through one of the following applicable methods:​you may call us at our toll-free number 1- 800-442-1902,you may contact us by email at optout@lixil.com,you may write to us at: attn: sr. director customer care, 30 knightsbridge road, suite 301, piscataway, nj 08854, oryou may submit a request via this link: “do not sell or share my personal information.” interest-based advertisingwe use a variety of tracking technologies.  we collect information about users over time and across different sites when you use these sites. we collect this information using a variety of tracking tools including but not limited to cookies, beacons, pixels, tags, statistical ids, mobile advertising ids, flash cookies, and similar technologies. we display interest-based ads using information gathered about you over time across multiple sites, including mobile apps.our interest-based ads may be served to you on our websites, in emails, or on third-party sites. these ads may be served by us or by third parties. the ads might be about us or about other companies’ products or services.you can opt-out of some interest-based advertising. there are various ways to opt-out of interest-based advertising. the self-regulatory program for online behavioral advertising provides consumers with the ability to opt-out of having their online behavior used for interest-based advertising using third party cookies. if you want to opt out of this online behavioral advertising, visit http://www.aboutads.info/choices/ and http://www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp.  this will opt you out of many –but not all- of the interest-based advertising activities in which we or third parties engage.  the digital advertising alliance offers a tool for opting out of the collection of information across mobile devices for interest based advertising. to opt-out of this cross-device interest based advertising from companies participating in this tool, download the appchoices app at http://youradchoices.com/appchoices.california, colorado, connecticut, nevada, utah, and virginia residents, you may opt-out of having your online behavior used for interest-based ads served by third parties by submitting a request to us through one of the following applicable methods:you may call us at our toll-free number 1- 800-442-1902,you may contact us by email at optout@lixil.com,you may write to us at: attn: sr. director customer care, 30 knightsbridge road, suite 301, piscataway, nj 08854, oryou may submit a request via this link: “do not sell or share my personal information.” ​cookies​although acceptance of cookies is not required to visit lixil websites, like many websites, we do use cookies. cookies are small text files stored on computer hard drives and are regularly used to analyze individual website activity. by collecting and remembering information about your visit to a website, cookies allow web applications to recognize and respond to your individual preferences. a cookie file may contain information that the website uses to respond to you as an individual and to tailor a website experience to your preferences. if you have provided your contact information as part of your website visit, we may utilize the cookie file to collect information about your specific website activity. this information will only be used for marketing purposes by lixil and will not be sold or shared with any third party not contracted with lixil.​some parts of lixil’s websites use cookies. this enables lixil to determine the usefulness of information provided to our users and to analyze the effectiveness of our navigational structure in providing you that information. in the end, cookies help us provide our customers with a better website experience.​if you prefer not to receive cookies on this website, you can set your browser (such as internet explorer, chrome, mozilla firefox, etc.) to warn you before accepting cookies and refuse the cookie when your browser alerts you to its presence. you can also refuse all cookies by turning them off in your browser. if you have set your browser to not allow cookies, you will still be able to access the website; however, this may affect your full usability of this website.​security​we seek to use reasonable technical and administrative measures to protect information within our organization. unfortunately, no data transmission over the internet or storage system can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. if you have reason to believe that your interaction with us is no longer secure or has been compromised, please immediately notify us at via our toll-free number 1-​800-442-1902, by email at optout@lixil.com, or regular mail, attn: sr. director customer care, 30 knightsbridge road, suite 301, piscataway, nj 08854.​your choices​if you no longer want to receive marketing-related emails from us, you may opt-out by following the instructions in any such email you receive from us.  in addition, you can also opt-out from communications by emailing optout@lixil.com or sending regular mail to attn: sr. director customer care, 30 knightsbridge road, suite 301, piscataway, nj 08854.​we will try to comply with your request(s) as soon as reasonably practicable.  please note that if you opt-out of receiving marketing-related emails from us, we may still send you important administrative messages, from which you cannot opt-out.​accessing or changing personal information that you have provided to us:​if you would like to review, correct, or update personal information that you have previously provided to us, you may contact us at optout@lixil.com or sending regular mail to attn: sr. director customer care, 30 knightsbridge road, suite 301, piscataway, nj 08854. in your request, please make clear what personal information you would like to have changed.  we may only implement requests with respect to the personal information associated with the particular email address that you use to send us your request, and we may need to verify your identity before implementing your request. we will try to comply with your request as soon as reasonably practicable.​retention​please note that we may need to retain certain information for recordkeeping purposes and/or to complete any transactions that you began prior to requesting a change or deletion.  there may also be residual information that will remain within our databases and other records, which will not be removed. in addition, there may be certain information that we are unable to enable you to review, for legal, security, or other reasons.we will retain your information for the period necessary to fulfill the purposes outlined in this privacy policy unless a longer retention period is required or permitted by law.  we only retain personal information long enough to complete our intended business purposes or to meet certain legal obligations.​use of services by minors​the services are not directed to individuals under the age of eighteen (18), and we request that children/minors not provide personal information through the services.​links to third-party websites​lixil sites may contain links to other websites as a convenience to our customers. lixil is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such other websites, and inclusion of links does not mean we endorse the information or company. this means that if you connect to another site through our sites, we are not responsible for and we cannot control what they do with your information.​similarly, you may have the opportunity to share your information with other websites, such as social media sites. we may provide a convenient link to let you do this easily, but we are not responsible for and we cannot control their website or your posts/sharing. you are encouraged to review the privacy policies and information collection practices of these other websites and social media sites. we are not responsible for the information collection, use, disclosure, or security policies or practices of other organizations, such as, but not limited to facebook, apple, google, microsoft, rim, or any other app developer or social media platform provider.​cross-border transfer​lixil is a global organization and provides a global service. sharing information cross border is at times essential to the services. as a result, we may, subject to applicable law, transfer information collected in connection with the services, to these entities in countries where information protection standards may differ from those in the country where you reside. by using our services and websites, you agree that we may transfer your information globally and process it or store it on equipment located in other countries outside the country where you reside in line with the above-referenced policies.​updates to this privacy policy​we may change this privacy policy. the “last updated” legend at the top of this page indicates when this privacy policy was last revised. when we make material changes to this statement we will post a link to the revised statement on the homepage of our site. any changes to our statement will become effective upon posting of the revised statement on the site. your use of the services following any changes means that you accept the updated privacy policy.​contacting us​if you have any questions about this privacy policy please contact us at optout@lixil.com or sending regular mail to attn: sr. director customer care, 30 knightsbridge road, suite 301, piscataway, nj 08854. please do not include credit card or other sensitive information in your emails to us since email communications are not always secure.​special notices for california, colorado, connecticut, nevada, utah, or virginia residents: ​individual customers who reside in california, colorado, connecticut, utah, or virginia, and whose personal information we have collected, disclosed, or sold, may acquire certain rights regarding their personal information, including the right of access, the right to deletion, the right to opt-out of the sale of your personal information, and the right to not be discriminated against.  the information you are entitled to will depend on the specific actions that we take with your personal information.​where the california consumer privacy act of 2018 (ccpa), the california privacy rights act of 2020 (cpra), the colorado privacy act (cpa), the connecticut privacy act, the utah consumer privacy act (ucpa), the virginia consumer data protection act (cdpa), or similar legal requirements apply to the processing of your personal information, you have the following rights, subject to some limitations:​•     the right to request information about our use of your personal information, such as the categories of personal information we have about you, the categories of sources from which we have collected your personal information, purposes for collection of your personal information, the third parties with whom we have shared your personal information, and/or your personal information we have disclosed;•     the right to review and access your personal information;•     the right to correct inaccuracies in your personal information;•     the right to have your personal information deleted (there may be certain circumstances where we are legally required, or permitted, to retain such personal information. in the event that we are required to retain your personal information, we will continue to protect it as provided herein);•     the right to restrict our use of your personal information, including the right to opt-out of the sale of your personal information;•     the right to receive your personal information in a usable format and transmit it to a third party (known as the right of data portability);•     (applicable to california residents only) the right to opt-out of the sharing of your personal information;•     (applicable to california residents only) the right to opt-out of being profiled using automated decision-making technology based on your work performance, economic situation, health, personal preferences, interests, reliability, behavior, location, or movements.  in some instances, lixil may utilize online advertising platforms, such as google ads, to reach potential customers sharing similar interests, preferences, etc.;•     (applicable to colorado, connecticut, utah, and virginia residents only) the right to opt-out of targeted advertisements selected based on personal information from your activities over time and across nonaffiliated websites or online applications; and•     (applicable to colorado, connecticut, and virginia residents only) the right to opt-out of profiling in furtherance of decisions that produce legal or similarly significant effects concerning you.  please note that we do not use your personal information to profile you in any way that produces legal or similarly significant effects.​special notice for nevada residents​as a resident of nevada, you have the right to review your personal information, request changes to your personal information, and/or opt-out of the sale of your personal information.  the information you are entitled to will depend on the specific actions that we take with your personal information.​how to exercise your rightsyou may exercise your rights outlined above by submitting a request to us through one of the following applicable methods:you may call us at our toll-free number 1- 800-442-1902.you may contact us by email at optout@lixil.com.you may write to us at: attn: sr. director customer care, 30 knightsbridge road, suite 301, piscataway, nj 08854. in addition, if you wish to opt out of the sale of your personal information, you may do so via this link “do not sell or share my information.”we will respond to your request to exercise your rights within forty-five (45) days of receiving your request, extendable up to an additional thirty (30) days upon notice to you with an explanation of the delay or if we determine that such an extension is reasonably necessary.we must be able to readily verify your identity before acting on any requests submitted and may ask you to provide us with certain information in order to do so. if we are unable to verify your identity, we may be unable to fulfill your request.it is your right to not be discriminated against, for exercising any of these rights and lixil will not deny you goods or services, change the prices or fees that you are charged, provide a different quality of good or service, or suggest any of the preceding if it is your intention to exercise any of the rights described in this section.please note, opting-out is not permanent, and you can change your mind at any time.  if after 12 months from opting out, we may follow up with you to see if you would like to opt back in, but not before the 1-year anniversary of your opt-out.appeal process for colorado, connecticut, and virginia residentsif we refuse to take action on a request to exercise your rights, in accordance with colorado, connecticut, or virginia law you may appeal our refusal to us within a reasonable period of time.  we will inform you in writing of any action taken or not taken in response to the appeal, including a written explanation of the reasons for the decisions, within forty-five (45) days of receiving your appeal for colorado residents or within sixty (60) days of receiving your appeal for virginia and connecticut residents, extendable up to sixty (60) days for colorado residents where reasonably necessary.  if the appeal is denied, we will also provide you with information about how to contact your attorney general to submit a complaint.​​special notice for mexico residentslixil recognizes the importance of protecting personal information in accordance with the laws of mexico.  we may use your personal information in accordance with the terms of this privacy policy.  we do not collect, sell, or otherwise share personal information about you except as described in this privacy policy.in addition to any rights granted in the privacy notice, you may have the following right of access, rectification, cancellation, and opposition (also known as “arco rights”):you have the right to know what personal data we have about you, what we use it for and the conditions of use we give to it. electronic copies of your personal data will be provided if you exercise your right of access.you have the right to request the correction of your personal data if it is outdated, inaccurate, or incomplete (rectification).you have the right to request that we remove your personal information from our records or databases when you consider that it is not being used in accordance with the principles, duties, and obligations provided for in the applicable laws.you have the right to oppose the use of your personal data for specific purposes.you also have the right to withdraw your consent for our processing of your personal information.you may exercise any of your arco rights by submitting a request to us through one of the following applicable methods:you may call us at our toll-free number 1- 800-442-1902.you may contact us by email at optout@lixil.com.you may write to us at: attn: sr. director customer care, 30 knightsbridge road, suite 301, piscataway, nj 08854. in addition, if you wish to opt out of the sale of your personal information, you may do so via this link “do not sell or share my information.”we will answer your requests within 20 business days from the date we receive your complete request or as provided by law.  the deadlines may be extended under the terms set out in the applicable laws.  to help protect your privacy and maintain security, we will take steps to verify your identity and/or may ask you to provide other details before granting you access to the information.​​special notice for canada residentslixil recognizes the importance of protecting personal information in accordance with the laws of canada.  we may use your personal information in accordance with the terms of this privacy policy.  we do not collect, sell, or otherwise share personal information about you, except as described in this privacy policy.as a resident of canada, you may have the right of access, correction, and deletion. you may request to access, to correct, or to delete your personal information. even if you request for your personal information to be deleted, certain aspects may be retained for us to meet our legal or regulatory compliance (e.g. maintaining records of transactions you have made with us), exercise, establish, or defend legal claims, and to protect against fraudulent or abusive activity. in the event that we are required to retain your personal information, we will continue to protect it as provided herein.you may exercise any of your rights by submitting a request to us through one of the following applicable methods:you may call us at our toll-free number 1- 800-442-1902.you may contact us by email at optout@lixil.com.you may write to us at: attn: sr. director customer care, 30 knightsbridge road, suite 301, piscataway, nj 08854.you can withdraw your consent at any time to collection and use of your personal information.  you also have the right to file a complaint with the applicable privacy commissioner about our collection and processing of your personal information.​special notice for european residents:for users residing in the european economic area (“eea”), this privacy policy is subject to the provisions of the general data protection regulation (“gdpr”) and other applicable privacy laws.  under the gdpr, lixil corporation is a data “controller” and you are a “data subject” with certain protected privacy rights concerning your personal data.  lixil corporation will take commercially reasonable steps to maintain compliance with gdpr requirements.  we will process your personal data in accordance with your explicit consent (by using the services, you hereby consent to our processing), to fulfill a contract, as required to conduct our business and pursue our legitimate interests, and to respond to legal requests by government entities.  we will store and hold data collected in accordance with this privacy policy outside of the eea, and will process it outside of the eea.  when lixil corporation processes the data of eea residents outside of the eea, when required under the gdpr, we will implement the mandatory safeguards and/or mechanisms in relation to the transfer.​special rights of eea residentsindividual customers who reside in the eea, and whose personal information we have access to or control of, may acquire certain rights regarding their personal information, including the right of access, the right to correction, the right to be forgotten, the right to suspend/restrict processing, the right of data portability, the right to object to processing, and the right to not be subject to automated decision-making or profiling. sign in email password forgot password show password login don't have an account? create an account setting the standard create an account *required fields first name last name role consumer architect/designer builder/remodeler plumber showroom pro email confirm passwordconfirm password show password passwordconfirm password show password confirm password show and confirm password sign up to receive email updates and offerings create account i have already an account. sign in success! your account has been created. continue browsing view account elegance engineered to endure reset your password enter your email address and we'll send you an email with a link to reset your password. email* please validate the captcha submit cancel sent we’ve sent an email to with a link to reset your password. migrated user - we’ve sent an email to with a link to reset your password. continue browsing for assistance, contact american standard support. elegance engineered to endure our brand contact us about us case studies leave a product review press press kits promotions register warranty returns shop parts sustainability where to buy american standard for military products ada products bathroom accessories bathroom faucets bathroom sinks bathtub faucets bathtubs showers bidet toilet seats toilets kitchen accessories kitchen faucets kitchen sinks commercial commercial faucets commercial showers commercial sinks commercial toilets urinals design solutions product selector room visualizer shop the look chat with a specialist professionals ecomedes ats lixil bim library cross reference tool lixil specification tool residential price book commercial price book residential water savings calculator commercial water savings calculator toilet matrix tradeup inspiration diy articles for pros go green innovation our sites careers business portal legal terms privacy sign up for our email newsletter get the latest info from american standard including innovations, inspirational design ideas, special promotions, and much more. click ‘subscribe now’ to get started, and start receiving emails from american standard. subscribe now ©2024 american standardpart of lixil compare products products minimize you have added a product! add up to 3 products to compare. error: you have items selected from a different category. please check the compare button to remove the current items select an additional product to compare. compare all clear