来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20090228200320/http://www.bagborroworsteal.com/ui/privacy
================================================================================

bag borrow or steal™ - borrow or rent the latest authentic designer handbags purses sunglasses watches and jewelry join now! | sign in 1-866-922-2267  | live help | gift cards | blog | tell a friend this feature is available to customers only. sign up free as a special guest today! click here already a member? sign in handbags view all clutches evening bags every day bags totes & beach bags vintage trends in handbags jewelry view all bracelets earrings necklaces rings vintage sunglasses view all aviator plastic oversized embellished rimless metal watches view all bracelet ceramic diamond leather metal designers designer boutiques designer index trends sex and the city platinum collection purple passions favorite finds celebrity style wedding trends in handbags euro finds new arrivals sale view all never carried gently carried outlet shopping cart how it works outlet sale amazing finds on new and "gently loved" designer handbags and accessories! we look forward to helping you during these hours: monday - friday: 8am to 9pm (cst) saturday - sunday: 9am to 3pm (cst) if you'd like to send us an email now, we'll promptly get back to you when our customer service center is open: customerservice@bagborroworsteal.com thanks. your privacy is important to us. safeguarding your privacy and the security of your personal information is important to us. please take a few minutes to read the following policy so that you understand how we treat your personal information. as we continuously improve and expand our services, this policy might change. so please check it out periodically. if you have questions about our policy, please click on our customer feedback page to contact us via our electronic feedback form. how we collect information about you. we collect information in the following ways: we collect information that our customers supply to us and from credit bureaus and other consumer information services. we collect information from emails and other contacts sent to us by our customers and users of our website. we collect information electronically on all users of our website, including customers, by means of cookies. further details are provided below. what personal information we collect from our users. when you set up an account at avelle.com (the new name for bag borrow or steal) to use our service, you are required to provide us with your full legal name, a valid credit card, email address, full street address including city, state and zip code, and telephone number. you must also choose your username and password and provide those to us. to protect ourselves and our customers from fraud, we collect additional information from credit bureaus and other consumer information services. every time you use our service, we collect information about the avelle.com products you browse and the orders you place. we collect additional information about how you use our website and service. if you contact us by letter, phone, or email through the contact information on the "contact us" page, we will collect your sender information and may collect the other information you voluntarily disclose to us. our use of cookies. like many websites on the internet, our website uses cookies. cookies are small strings of data placed on users' personal computer hard drives during the exchange of data that happens when your browser points to our website. cookies enable a website to identify a user's browser as a previous visitor by means of a unique string of numbers assigned on a previous visit. our cookies assist us in collecting information on what pages of our website you access or visit, and in recording any preferences you indicate on our website. we also use cookies to make your experience on avelle.com more personalized, and convenient. our cookies cannot and do not retrieve any other data from your hard drive or pass on computer viruses. if you are just browsing our website, a cookie identifies your browser and user id (and not your identity). if you place orders with us, we use cookies to assist in storing your preferences and recording other session information (a "session" is a single visit by you to our website). links to third party sites to the extent our web site contains hyperlinks to outside services and resources, the availability and content of which avelle, inc. does not control, any concerns regarding any such service or resource, or any hyperlink thereto, should be directed to the particular outside service or resource. how we store the information we collect. we store the information you provide to us and the information we collect electronically in our computer databases. we own, maintain and operate our computer servers containing our databases. access to our computer servers is controlled by firewalls and security gatekeepers. we may also disclose your personally identifiable information as we believe is reasonably necessary to comply with law, regulation or other governmental authority, to determine your credit status or enable debt collection or insurance claim processing, or to prevent harm to yourself or others. how we use the information we collect. we use the personal information about you stored in our member database in various ways to provide our services to you, to communicate with you, and to otherwise conduct our business. first, the next time you use our service and enter your user id and password, we will call up your information from our database to make processing your order faster and easier. when you use your avelle.com account, we also keep track of your brand preferences and bag choices and analyze that information. we do so in order to be able to email to you special advertisements, offers and notices regarding brands and bags that seem to fit with your preferences. we do aggregate information about how our service is used (without specific identification to any particular user) to be able to improve our service and make it more responsive to our customers' preferences. we also make such aggregate information (without identification to any specific individual) available to our affiliates in order to obtain information about products, services, offers and notices which we believe will be useful and informative to our website users. in an effort to maintain your desired expectation for customer satisfaction, we review all comments supplied by you to other third parties when you use the avelle website. by using this site, you consent to our review of such comments. when and how we share information collected we may share your personally identifiable information with third party vendors who help us provide the services to you, such as email providers, mail houses, shipping firms, companies that provide us with marketing services, and other such third parties, but such sharing is always done pursuant to a contract that requires the third party to protect the confidentiality of such information and which prohibits them from using the information for any other purposes. we may also disclose your personally identifiable information as we believe is reasonably necessary to comply with law, regulation or other governmental authority, to determine your credit status or enable debt collection, initiate legal proceedings to recover losses and/or our property, or for insurance claim processing, or to prevent harm to yourself or others. from time to time, we may make our mailing list available to carefully screened companies whose products we believe will be of interest to you. we never share email addresses for this purpose. if you prefer to have your name withheld, please contact us and let us know. lastly, in the event we merge with another company or are acquired by another company, your personally identifiable information would likely be among the assets transferred or shared with such other company. you can control what information we send to you. you can also limit our communications directly to you. if you have an avelle.com account and do not want to receive emails telling you about our great deals in the future, please let us know. you can change your preferences, or opt out of receiving emails, at any time (except when you are in the process of placing an order) by going to my account. there you can update your email address, phone numbers, and address. if you no longer wish to receive email updates, simply click the unsubscribe link at the bottom of any page. our emails to you will stop within 7 to 10 business days. avelle.com may from time to time send nonpromotional email to all registered users for the purpose of gathering and dispersing data to provide better services to our customers. registered users will be under no obligation to reply or answer questions in said nonpromotional email. nonpromotional email will include, but will not be limited to, surveys, maintenance notices and system updates. our policies may change. this is our current privacy and security policy, but we reserve the right to change our website and this policy at any time. you should check this privacy policy periodically. if our policies regarding collection, storage and use of your information change, the information collected under prior policies will continue to be governed by those policies, unless we obtain your consent to use that information in new ways. you can access your information. upon your request, we will provide you with access to your unique account-related information and information from contacts that we maintain about you. in your request, please provide us with your current specific contact information so that we can accurately check our records. how is my information protected? your information is password-protected. in order to maintain this protection, we caution you not to provide your password to anyone. we do not give your password to anyone. we recommend that, if you share your computer with other people, you close your browser window when your session is completed. signing off will protect your information if you share a computer with someone else or are using a computer in a public place like a library. please contact us with any questions or comments. we want you to enjoy your use of avelle.com's service. if you have any questions, or believe that a violation of this policy may have occurred, please let us know. to help us improve our privacy policy and practice, please give us your feedback. you may find our complete contact information on the contact us page on our website at www.avelle.com. updated 10/10/08 ©copyright 2008 avelle, inc. all rights reserved about| faq| contact| privacy| terms & conditions| unsubscribe toll free: 866.922.2267 © 2006-2009 bag borrow or steal, inc., all rights reserved. borrow or rent the latest authentic designer handbags, purses, sunglasses, jewelry, watches, and accessories at bagborroworsteal.com. designer index receive special offers, new arrival notices and more via e-mail. when we put out the welcome mat, we want it to feel like a red carpet. so we're inviting you to try bag borrow or steal by offering you special privileges. borrow any designer handbag, jewelry or sunglasses today and you'll be entitled to: one week free with any monthly rental. you'll enjoy 4 weeks for the price of 3! simply enter promo code 1weekfree at check out to receive your special offer. no-regrets satisfaction guarantee. if you're not immediately thrilled with your accessory you can send it right back for a full refund of your borrowing fee. offer good for the first rental term of one item only. one discount per customer. offer expires january 30, 2009 now you can earn equity in nearly any item you have on loan. the amount of equity you'll earn is based on the product you select. for most items, equity equals 70% of your rental fees. and for premium "it" products, it's 50%. (as you'd imagine, vintage styles, and a few other hard-to-find products are not included.) you can apply your equity towards 90% of the purchase price of an item at any time while you're renting it. it's a nice way to try out a style before you decide to own it. and it's also great news if you fall in love with something and decide you want to steal it! perhaps best of all: this new benefit is easy to use. equity amounts are now listed along with product information for easy reference. plus, your current equity balances can be reviewed any time by simply visiting the "enjoying now" section of your account information. borrow from us with confidence. our designer accessories are 100% authentic every item in our collection is certified authentic and goes through a rigorous 10-point refurbishing process before we send it to you, so you can be assured it will arrive in like-new condition. your complete satisfaction is 100% guaranteed if you ever receive something from us that you're not thrilled to carry or wear, please let us know. if it's a rental product, we'll do whatever it takes to make it right. and if it's an outlet purchase, just send it back within 30 days and we'll gladly issue you a full refund. sorry, no outlet returns beyond 30 days from purchase.