来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20111231024956/http://www.bagborroworsteal.com/faq
================================================================================

renting handbags and accessories faq join now  |  sign in | 1-866-922-2267  | live help  | gift cards |  shopping bag shop bbos.com handbags jewelry sunglasses watches designers hot picks new arrivals how it works handbag cleaning & repair shop bbos private sale.com couture shop sale handbags daily event sale accessories further reductions authenticity sell handbags we look forward to helping you during these hours: monday - friday: 7am - 3:30pm pst saturday and sunday: closed if you'd like to send us an email now, we'll promptly get back to you when our customer service center is open: customerservice@bagborroworsteal.com thanks. how does it work? what are the benefits of membership? how much does membership cost? do you offer insurance? how long can i "borrow" an item? how does renting vintage differ from renting other items? do you build equity on rentals? what is "steal it"? how do i return an accessory? how do i cancel a return? i don't have a printer. how do i generate a shipping label? can i "borrow" more than one item at once? is it possible to change the borrowing term for an item i have on loan? when is my credit card charged for membership fees? when is my credit card charged for item rental? how do i cancel my membership? do you accept checks or money orders? who pays for shipping and handling? how long will it take to receive my item after you receive my request? can i get my requested item sooner? what is a special guest? what is "special guest borrowing"? what, if any, taxes apply to my order? can i buy instead of rent? how does bbos private sale work? do i have to be a member in order to purchase items from bbos private sale? are there limits to the number of items i can purchase? what if an item goes on sale in bbos private sale while i am borrowing it? what should i do with the security tag that is attached to my purchase? what is your return policy on purchased items? how do i return a purchased item? are these replicas or originals? are these "new" items? what condition are the items in? what are some advantages to borrowing instead of buying? occasionally i see an item on your site one day and not the next, why is that? what if the item i'm borrowing becomes dirty or breaks? how does bbos private sale work? how do i get the right size watch band? what if my watch doesn't fit when it arrives? what if i need a new watch battery? how will i know how to set the time? are your watches water-resistant? how do i update my email address? what is the wait list? where are items on your wait list shipped? what is the wish list? why do some products only have a wish list option? what happens if i fall in love with an item and want to keep it? can i buy it? how does the program work? how does it work? answer: at bag borrow or steal we make it simple for you to rent authentic designer handbags, jewelry, sunglasses and watches - so you can always enjoy the very latest and most popular styles! decide if you'd like to become a bag borrow or steal member or rent as a guest. (members enjoy our lowest rental rates plus other privileges outlined below.) browse our exciting collections and click the borrow button on the items you'd like to rent. rent by the week, the month or for as long as you'd like! there's never a late fee. special savings when you borrow for 3 months at a time! borrow more than one item at a time! please note: limits apply for "couture" items which have a retail value over $1099. guests may borrow one couture item as a time. members who joined within the last 3 moths can borrow one couture item at a time. members who have been borrowing for more than 3 months can borrow up to 3 couture items at one time! when you're ready for something new, just return the item and tell us what to send next! best of all: if you fall in love with an item, as long as we do not have other members waiting to borrow the item, you can purchase it from us! we will evaluate the accessory's age, condition and how easy it will be to replace—then let you know if the item is available for purchase and, if appropriate, a price. if you decide to make a purchase, we'll bill the credit card we have on file and the accessory is yours to keep. back to top what are the benefits of membership? answer: there are many reasons to join bag borrow or steal! you'll save on rental fees. members pay our lowest weekly and monthly rates. when we receive new designer handbags, jewelry, sunglasses, or watches, you'll hear about it first! if a popular item is on loan, you can put yourself on a waitlist -- and when it's available to rent we'll automatically send it to you. you don't need to do anything! you'll enjoy access to bbos private sale - where you can save up to 70% on the purchase of never rented and gently loved bags! not sure about becoming a member? remember, you can rent from us as a guest for as long as you wish. membership is available whenever you're ready to start enjoying the benefits listed above! back to top how much does membership cost? answer: there are three options for enjoying the benefits of bag borrow or steal membership. $5 per month (1 year for $60) + bonus $60 rental credit $6.65 per month (3 months for $19.95) + bonus $19.95 rental credit $9.95 per month + bonus $9.95 rental credit * membership will be billed in one easy payment. you'll be billed separately for each item you rent. remember: joining bag borrow or steal at any level assures you of the lowest rental rates! back to top do you offer insurance? answer: yes. $150 of damage insurance is included free of charge with each rental. you may also purchase supplemental full insurance coverage. it covers wear and tear in excess of the $150 of free damage insurance provided with your rental - up to the full value of the item. rates vary by item and are provided when you check out. (please note: insurance does not cover theft or loss.) back to top how long can i "borrow" an item? answer:there is no time limit on your borrowing needs. keep it for a week. keep it for 6 months. or, keep it for a year! as long as your account is in good standing, the frequency of your item rotation is completely up to you. back to top how does renting vintage differ from renting other items? answer:due to the unique and irreplaceable nature of vintage handbags, all vintage borrow requests will go through a special review process. we reserve the right to deny vintage borrow requests for any reason. back to top do you build equity on rentals? answer:if an item you're renting is available for purchase - and nearly all of them are! - you can apply a portion of your rental fees towards the purchase of that item. up to 90% of the price! the amount of equity you'll earn is based on the product you rent. for basic items, equity equals 50% of rental fees. and for premium "it" products, it equals 25% of fees. back to top what is "steal it"? answer:if you'd like to purchase an accessory you're renting, you can request a purchase (or "steal it") price. if available for purchase, the price will automatically reflect any rental equity you've earned on that item. if you decide to purchase the item, we'll add it to your shopping bag and provide you with easy "check out" instructions. please note, all "steal it" purchases are as is and final. back to top how do i return my accessory? answer: returning the accessories you've enjoyed is quick and easy. follow the simple steps below to return an accessory: visit the enjoying now page in your closet and click on ready to make a return. select the accessories you'd like to return. if you are returning more than one item, they need to be shipped in the same box. print return receipt and shipping label.* place the return receipt in the box and affix the shipping label to the outside. drop your package off at any ups location. borrowing fees will be suspended once the shipping label is scanned, indicating the package is in transit. we'll let you know when we receive your accessories. * if you don't have a printer, give us a call at 1-866-922-2267 and we'll mail you the form and label you need. back to top how do i cancel a return? answer:you can cancel a return and hold on to that fabulous accessory a little longer by visiting the enjoying now page in your closet. in the returns in transit section you'll find an image of the accessory and a cancel return button. we'll resume billing the day you cancel the return. once you drop a package off at ups and the shipping label has been scanned, the return can no longer be cancelled. back to top i don't have a printer. how do i generate a shipping label? answer:contact customer service at customerservice@bagborroworsteal.com or call us at 1-866-922-2267 and we'll mail you the return receipt and shipping label you need. back to top can i "borrow" more than one item at once? answer:certainly. we know that variety is important to the well-accessorized woman! in fact, we can even help you put together ensembles of bags, jewelry, sunglasses, and watches. just ask. back to top is it possible to change the borrowing term for an item i have on loan? answer: yes, it's easy to change your borrowing term at anytime. just go to your borrow history page and select the link to "switch to monthly" (or "switch to weekly") under the borrowing term column for each item you'd like to change. or, if you would prefer, contact customer service at 866-922-2267 and we'll be happy to make the change for you. all changes will take place on your next renewal date. back to top when is my credit card charged for membership fees? answer:membership billing occurs on the day you sign up for service and then each month on the anniversary date of the day you signed up. if your anniversary date is the 29th, 30th or 31st, billing will occur on the 28th. you will continue to be billed on a monthly basis. if you should choose to cancel, you may do so at anytime by contacting customer service. back to top when is my credit card charged for item rental? answer:item rental, shipping and insurance fees occur on the date an item is shipped. if an item is not returned within the one month or one week period selected, you will continue to be billed on the renewal date of the item (one month or one week accordingly). when you request to borrow an item, we pre-authorize your credit card or debit card for the amount of the transaction (item fee, s&h and insurance). this charge will not go through until the item is shipped. weekly or monthly rental fees are charged on the day an item ships and there is a 6-12 day grace period for the initial rental term to cover delivery times both to you as well as back to our processing center. back to top how do i cancel my membership? answer:you can cancel by contacting our customer service department at 866-922-2267. back to top do you accept checks or money orders? answer:sorry, at this time we are not accepting checks or money orders. back to top who pays for shipping and handling? answer:for rental orders: as a courtesy to our clients, bag borrow or steal provides $4.95 standard delivery and returns on all rentals, along with insurance during an item's journey. (when you're ready to return a rental item, visit the return an item section in the enjoying now section of your closet for easy instructions.) note: if your order also includes items you are purchasing, delivery of those items is also free. if you need an item in a hurry, you have the option of purchasing optional expedited service. for purchase-only orders: there is a flat $7.95 shipping fee for delivery of all items in your order. expedited service is also available. back to top how long will it take to receive my item after you receive my request? answer:as soon as we receive your order, we check our inventory to confirm the availability of the item you requested to rent or purchase. if it is available, you will receive your item within 4-5 business days for our standard shipping option. you can expedite your delivery by selecting three-day, two-day or overnight shipping options at the time you place your order. back to top can i get my requested item sooner? answer: yes! we offer four shipping options for both rental and bbos private sale orders: overnight, two-day, three-day and standard shipping. simply select your shipping option at the time you place your order. shipping option arrival time fee standard arrives within 5-6 business days and includes return ground shipping. $4.95 three-day arrives within 4 business days when order is placed before 12pm cst and includes return ground shipping. $19.95 two-day arrives within 2 or 3 business days when order is placed before 12pm cst and includes return ground shipping. $24.95 overnight arrives the next business day when order is placed before 12pm cst and includes return ground shipping. $29.95 the shipping option for an item on your wait list can be changed at anytime before the item becomes available by changing the shipping selection on your wait list page. currently, we are not able to ship to p.o. boxes, apos or international addresses. back to top what is a special guest? answer: when you sign up as a special guest, you'll be able to purchase chic, gently loved designer handbags in bbos private sale, save bags to your own wish list and stay on top of the latest designer news with bag borrow or steal emails. and it won't cost you a single penny. click here to become a guest today. back to top what is a "special guest borrowing"? answer: you can borrow bags and accessories without a bag borrow or steal membership by becoming a "special guest." guests pay no membership fees, but still have access to our extraordinary range of designer handbags and accessories—they simply pay a little more per rental than valued members. when you become a member, you'll have access to our exclusive wait list, which means you can queue up if an item you want isn't immediately available. back to top what, if any, taxes apply to my order? answer:we are required to collect sales tax for deliveries to the following states: california, florida, georgia, illinois, massachusetts, new jersey, new york, north carolina, texas, washington and wisconsin. back to top can i buy instead of rent? answer:as much fun as renting is, many customers tell us when they find something amazing in our collection they just have to own it! (especially with hard-to-find items.) so as a special service to you, you'll find many of our styles available for purchase. simply select the "buy it now" button and we'll add the item to your shopping bag. back to top how does bbos private sale work? answer: we're constantly clearing out our borrowing closet to make room for the hottest new collections from all over the globe. and that means bbos private sale is continually stocked with a host of authentic designer accessories available for purchase. all of our items for sale are either gently loved in "like new" condition or are never rented and are new. all gently loved items go through a thorough process of quality control before we allow them to be sold or borrowed. back to top do i have to be a member in order to purchase items from bbos private sale? answer: no, you can sign in as a special guest which allows you access to bbos private sale. it doesn't cost anything. however, being a member affords you lower rates on borrowing. back to top are there limits to the number of items i can purchase? answer: no limits. back to top what if an item goes on sale in bbos private sale while i am borrowing it? answer: we will automatically notify you via email if the item you are renting goes on sale. you will have the opportunity to purchase it at a discount from the bbos private sale price or simply continue to rent it. back to top what should i do with the security tag that is attached to my purchase? answer: the red "certified authentic" tag is your assurance that the item you've received is 100% authentic. it must remain attached to the item you've purchased while you inspect it. if you keep the item, you may remove the tag and enjoy your new purchase. if you decide to return the bag you can do so for store credit provided the tag is still attached. all bbos private sale returns will be in the form of store credit only. no credit card refunds. there are no credits for merchandise returned after 14 days or without an attached tag. customer is responsible for return shipping and insurance. original shipping fee is non-refundable. (bag borrow or steal is not responsible for returns sent outside of this policy.) back to top what is your return policy on purchased items? answer: bag borrow or steal will gladly accept bbos private sale returns for store credit within 14 days of receipt, provided the bag borrow or steal 'certified authentic' tag is still attached to the item. all bbos private sale returns will be in the form of store credit only. no credit card refunds. customers are responsible for return shipping and insurance. original shipping fee is non-refundable. (bag borrow or steal is not responsible for returns sent outside of this policy.) back to top how do i return a purchased item? answer: repackage your purchased item to include all original packaging materials (boxes, dustbags, tissues) and a copy of your receipt. simply choose your own method of shipping and send your package to warehouse address:  bag borrow or steal inc. 2200 eagle drive middleton, wi 53562 back to top are these replicas or originals? answer:each and every item made available to our members is 100% original. you never have to be embarrassed by wearing a "fake" when you have one of our items. back to top are these "new" items? what condition are the items in? answer:all of our items are either "new" or in "like new" condition. we have very high standards at bag borrow or steal™. each item goes through an elaborate process of quality control before we allow it to be "borrowed" by one of our members. back to top what are some advantages to borrowing instead of buying? answer:there are lots of advantages. here are just a few: choose from thousands of designer accessories for one low monthly price. carry the same item featured in this month's fashion magazines, or worn by your favorite celebrity. keep an item as long as you want. when it's time for something new, simply return one item and borrow another. shop for the season's hottest new accessories from the comfort of your home without travel to big cities or trendy boutiques. save money by resisting the urge to accumulate a closet full of items that cost a fortune - but are quickly outdated. we could go on, and on, and on! back to top occasionally i see an item on your site one day and not the next, why is that? answer:we are constantly adding designers and items to our collection so new items appear on a daily basis. if you no longer see an item, this means that we have either stopped carrying that item or all of those items are on loan. it's so important to check back often to search for that special accessory. even though it's not visible and available on the site today, it may be available tomorrow. back to top what if the item i'm borrowing becomes dirty or breaks? answer:we hope you care for our items as if you were borrowing them from one of your friends and that you'll return the item in much the same way you received it. we understand that there will be everyday wear and tear and there is no additional fee assessed in these instances. however, if the item is abused, broken beyond everyday wear and tear or lost, your account will be charged a reasonable repair or replacement fee. some items, however, are not easily replaceable and a fee, up to full retail replacement, may be charged. back to top how does bbos private sale work? answer: we're constantly clearing out our closets to make room for the hottest new collections from all over the globe. and that means bbos private sale is constantly stocked with a host of gently loved gems. we've got an amazing selection of beautiful designer handbags, jewelry and sunglasses available for purchase. back to top how do i get the right size watch band? answer: leather bands are designed like belts and are "one size fits most." for bracelet-style watches we offer measuring assistance to help you select the correct size. back to top what if my watch doesn't fit when it arrives? answer: please do not attempt to size the watch yourself. adjusting our designer watches requires special tools and expert training. please call customer service at 1-866-922-2267, and we will make arrangements to get you the proper size. (rest assured, your rental fees will be suspended while we correct the situation.) back to top what if i need a new watch battery? answer: before we send a watch to you, we will test the battery to make sure it's at full power. in the unlikely event you should need a new battery, please call customer service at 1-866-922-2267, and we will make arrangements to replace it. please do not replace the battery yourself. adjustments to our designer watches require special tools and expert training. (rest assured, your rental fees will be suspended while we correct the situation.) back to top how will i know how to set the time? answer: as a courtesy to you, your watch will arrived set to the correct local time for the delivery address. if you need to make changes due to travel, daylight savings, etc, we will include instructions on how to set the time (and date, if applicable). back to top are your watches water-resistant? answer: it varies by style. before getting your watch wet, please refer to the product description for your specific watch at bagborroworsteal.com or call customer service at 1-866-922-2267. back to top how do i update my email address? answer: simply login to your bag borrow or steal account and click on my account. then click on the update email address link, enter your new address, and click save. back to top what is the wait list? answer: your wait list lets us know which items you want to borrow and in what order. once the items you've marked active become available, and your name is at the top of the list, the items will automatically be shipped to you. you can even set the limit of how many items you'd like to have shipped at any one time. learn more about the wait list back to top where are items on your wait list shipped? answer:all items on your wait list are shipped to your default address. to change this address, go to your account and change your default address selection. back to top what is the wish list? answer:your wish list allows you to save items that you're thinking about borrowing. if they're available, you can click borrow now and if they're not available you can move them into your wait list at anytime. your wish list is not the same as your wait list. when you add an item to your wait list you are putting a request into an active queue for shipment as soon as it becomes available. back to top why do some products only have a wish list option? answer:occasionally, when there is tremendous interest in a product we will close the wait list for that product because we don't think we'll be able to service additional rental requests within a reasonable time period. you may keep this item on your wish list for reference—and to watch for future availability. back to top what happens if i fall in love with an item and want to keep it? can i buy it? answer:yes! many of our accessories are available for purchase - although not all. it's simple and easy to request a purchase price. simply click on the "steal it" link shown under the product image in the enjoying now section of your closet. we'll evaluate the accessory's age, condition and how easy it will be to replace–then get back to you with an answer on availability and, if appropriate, a price. if you decide to purchase the item, we'll add it to your shopping bag and provide you with easy "check out" instructions. please note, all "steal it" purchases are as is and final. back to top how does the program work? answer: it pays to belong to bag borrow or steal. our loyalty rewards offer you 3 ways to earn credit towards free rentals more quickly and easily. 1) join or renew your membership and receive up to $60 in rewards instantly. 2) earn 10 loyalty points for every dollar you spend on rentals, buy it now and steal it purchases, and shipping. earn 5 points for every dollar spent on private sale purchases. every 1000 points converts to $10 in loyalty rewards - posted daily to your bag borrow or steal rewards account. 3) invite friends to join bag borrow or steal and receive $50 in bag borrow or steal loyalty rewards when each places her first order. best of all: you can "spend" your rewards any way you want on new rental fees, full-price merchandise (steal it & buy it now), insurance, and expedited shipping fees. (please note: bbos private sale purchases, wait list rental fees & rental renewal fees and cleaning/repair services are not eligible). watching your loyalty rewards grow is easy, too. when you log into bagborroworsteal.com your approximate balance is displayed in the upper right corner - or you can visit my closet where your rewards are updated immediately after any transaction. good news for members with existing rewards points: your points have been converted to rewards, and are reflected in your current account balance. additionally you'll now earn loyalty points at an even greater rate. back to top need help finding your size why do we need your size? for your convenience, we'll size this bracelet watch to fit you personally. that way you can wear it right away — no adjustments needed! how do i find my size: simply wrap a measuring tape around the part of your wrist where you like to wear a watch. then find your measurement on the size chart below. watch size: small medium large wristmeasurement: 5.5"-6.5" 6.5"-7.5" 7.5"-8.5" close window want special offers, access to a wish list and more? sign up now! no thanks, i'm ok. about| faq| contact| privacy| terms & conditions| unsubscribe toll free: 866.922.2267 © 2006-2011 bag borrow or steal, inc., all rights reserved. now rent or buy as many items as you wish - and only pay one flat fee to ship everything. there's no limit to the size of your order. and as always, free return shipping on all rentals is included. close window close window