来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20131231054045/http://www.bagborroworsteal.com/faq
================================================================================

sign in | select borrow buy we look forward to helping you during these hours: monday - friday: 7am - 3:30pm pst saturday and sunday: closed if you'd like to send us an email now, we'll promptly get back to you when our customer service center is open: customerservice@bagborroworsteal.com thanks. frequently asked questions about us what do other customers think about the borrowing experience? what do other customers think about the buying experience? what do other customers think about the selling experience? what does the press say about bag borrow or steal? my account how do i update my email address? how do i reduce the frequency of emails i receive from you? how does borrow work how does "borrow" work? why do i need a credit check? do you offer insurance? how much does shipping cost? how long will it take to get my rental after you receive my order? can i get my requested item sooner? do you ship to p.o. boxes, apos or international addresses? what taxes apply to my order? what is your return policy on borrowed items? how long will it take to receive a refund or credit? how long can i borrow an item? how do i return an item i borrowed? how do i cancel a return? what happened to the wait list? what is the wish list? what happens if i fall in love with an item and want to keep it? can i buy it? can i borrow more than one item at a time? is it possible to change the borrowing term for an item i rented? when is my credit card charged for an item rental? what is an authorization? are rental items new? what condition are the rental items in? are these replicas? what are some advantages to borrowing instead of buying? what if the item i'm borrowing becomes dirty or breaks? what should i do with the security tag that is attached to my rental? do you accept checks or money orders? can i buy instead of borrow? how does buy (formerly bbos private sale) work how does "buy" work? how much does shipping cost? how long will it take to get my purchase after you receive my order? can i get my requested item sooner? do you ship to p.o. boxes, apos or international addresses? what taxes apply to my order? are there limits to the number of items i can purchase? what should i do with the security tag that is attached to my purchase? what is your return policy on purchased items? how do i return a purchased item? how long will it take to receive a refund or credit? are these replicas? what condition are "buy" items in? do you accept checks or money orders? how borrowing watches works how do i get the right size watch band? what if my watch doesn't fit when it arrives? what if i need a new watch battery? how do i set the time? are your watches water-resistant? how do i update my email address? answer: login to your bag borrow or steal account and click on my account. on personal information page, click edit customer information. update your information and then click save. back to top how do i reduce the frequency of emails i receive from you? answer: login to your bag borrow or steal account and click on my account, then click on account information, then click on manage your bag borrow or steal emails. update your preferences and then click update now to save the information. it may take up to seven days to see your email preference changes. back to top how does "borrow" work? answer:all you have to do is find the perfect bag, enjoy it, return it and repeat. no membership is required and there are no hidden fees. the price you see includes everything (rental, shipping & insurance). sales tax is required in some states. browse handbags and accessories now! back to top why do i need a credit check? answer:due to the high value of the accessories we are renting we must ensure we are renting to legitimate customers. therefore we reserve the right to perform credit checks on our customers at any time. typically, credit checks are only performed for the rental of items that are marked "credit check required." we may contact you for additional information in order to complete a credit check. we also reserve the right to cancel your order and/or require a deposit. if you do not wish to have a credit check performed, please contact our customer service and we can cancel your order. back to top do you offer insurance? answer: yes, damage insurance is included in the price of each rental. please note insurance does not cover theft or loss. you will be responsible for the full retail price of the item if it is stolen or lost. if we notice multiple cases of excessive damage to your rentals we reserve the right to close your account at any time. back to top how much does shipping cost? answer:standard shipping is free on all bag borrow or steal rentals. if you need an item in a hurry you will have the option to upgrade to expedited shipping at checkout for an additional fee. return shipping is also free for all rentals. shipping option fee standard free three-day $19.95 two-day $24.95 overnight $29.95 back to top how long will it take to get my rental after you receive my order? answer:when we receive your order, it may take 1-2 days to process. once the item is shipped you will receive it within 5-6 business days with our free standard shipping option. back to top can i get my requested item sooner? answer:yes, we offer three expedited shipping options. select your preferred shipping option when you place your order. shipping option arrival time standard arrives within 5-6 business days and includes return ground shipping. three-day arrives within 4 business days when order is placed before 12pm cst and includes return ground shipping. two-day arrives within 2 or 3 business days when order is placed before 12pm cst and includes return ground shipping. overnight arrives the next business day when order is placed before 12pm cst and includes return ground shipping. back to top do you ship to p.o. boxes, apos or international addresses? answer:currently, we are not able to ship to p.o. boxes, apos or international addresses. back to top what taxes apply to my order? answer:we are required to collect sales tax for deliveries to the following states: california, florida, georgia, illinois, massachusetts, new jersey, new york, north carolina, texas, utah, washington and wisconsin. back to top what is your return policy on borrowed items? answer:if you are unhappy with your rental item, you may return it for a full credit card refund (less shipping). the item must have the certified authentic tag still attached and be in return transit to our fashion house within two business days of arrival. for renewals, the same applies - must be in return transit within two business days of renewal date. back to tophow long will it take to receive a refund or credit? answer:for any refunds/credits of returned items, please allow 2-3 business days after the item has arrived at our fashion house, in order for us to inspect and process the return. after the return is confirmed valid, the refund will be issued. back to tophow long can i borrow an item? answer:there is no time limit for borrowing. as long as your account remains in good standing, the frequency of item rotation is up to you. your credit card will automatically be charged at the end of the rental term if you have not yet returned the rental item. back to top how do i return an item i borrowed? answer: visit the borrowing now page in my account and click on return an item select the item(s) you want to return place the return receipt form inside the box with the item(s) you are returning (along with dustbags or other included items) affix the shipping label to the outside of the box print the return receipt and shipping label* drop your package at any ups location you will be sent an email confirmation when we receive your package *if you do not have a printer, give us a call at 866-922-2267 and we will mail you the return receipt form and shipping label. please note that you will be responsible for all rental fees while you are waiting for the return receipt and shipping label. most public libraries and mailing centers offer printing services if you want to return the item sooner. back to top how do i cancel a return? answer:it is not necessary to cancel a return. just keep enjoying your item(s) and return them when you are ready. back to top what happened to the wait list? answer:in our continuing effort to improve our service, we have decided to remove the wait list. please come back to our site regularly to find new items you can enjoy immediately. back to top what is the wish list? answer:the wish list (formerly my favorites) allows you to save items that you're thinking about borrowing or purchasing. if they're available you can click borrow or purchase now now. back to top what happens if i fall in love with a rental item and want to keep it? can i buy it? answer:rental items can only be purchased outright if the item is being moved to the buy section of our website (formerly bbos private sale). we will send you an email notification giving you the option to purchase the item if this occurs. back to top can i borrow more than one item at the same time? answer:the number of items you can borrow at the same time is subject to your credit approval per our terms & conditions. back to top is it possible to change the borrowing term for an item i rented? answer:no. in an effort to simplify our offering, we are no longer offering multiple terms. if you would like to change from weekly or quarterly to monthly, please contact customer service at 1-866-922-2267. back to top when is my credit card charged for an item rental? answer:item rental, sales tax (where required) and optional expedited shipping fees will occur on the date an item is shipped. item renewals will be charged at the end of your rental term. back to top what is an authorization? answer:when you have placed an item in your shopping bag, an initial authorization is placed on your credit card to verify the validity of the credit card and the funds. once the transaction is authorized and is complete, the actual amount will be charged to your credit card. if an order is canceled, please allow 2-3 business days for this authorization of funds to be released (this is dependent on your financial institution's timing standards). back to top are rental items new? what condition are the rental items in? answer:rental items are like-new. there should only be minor signs of wear and tear. vintage items may have additional wear and tear due to the age and rarity of the item. each item is cleaned and inspected before it goes back on the shelf. please notify customer service at 866-922-2267 if your item does not meet this standard. back to top are these replicas? answer:each and every item on our site is 100% guaranteed authentic. we do not buy, sell or rent replicas. back to top what are some advantages to borrowing instead of buying? answer: you can carry new accessories every month you can carry the same item worn by your favorite celebrity you have the flexibility to keep an item as long or as short as you like and only pay for the time you used it you can save money and space by resisting the urge to accumulate a closet full of items that you rarely use back to top what if the item i'm borrowing becomes dirty or breaks? answer:we've got you covered. damage insurance is included in the price of each rental. please note insurance does not cover theft or loss. you will be responsible for the full retail price of the item if it is stolen or lost. if we notice multiple cases of excessive damage to your rentals we reserve the right to close your account at any time. back to top what should i do with the security tag that is attached to my rental? answer:the certified authentic tag is your assurance that the item you've received is 100% authentic. it must remain attached to the item you've borrowed while you inspect it, and if you return the item. you will not receive a refund if you return the item without the certified authentic tag. if you keep the item, you can remove the tag, throw it away and enjoy your rental. back to top do you accept checks or money orders? answer:we are not accepting checks or money orders at this time. back to top can i buy instead of rent? answer:we offer merchandise you can buy on the "buy" section of our site (formerly bbos private sale). back to top how does "buy" work? answer:the "buy" section of our website is a great source for buying designer accessories. it is stocked with gently used accessories that we have either moved out of our rental collection or that have been purchased directly from our customers. all of these accessories undergo an authentication process before they are posted on the site for sale and authentication is guaranteed. back to top how much does shipping cost (item purchase)? answer:standard shipping is free on all orders. if you need an item in a hurry you will have the option to upgrade to expedited shipping at checkout for an additional fee. back to top how long will it take to get my purchase after you receive my order? answer:when we receive your order, it may take 1-2 days to process. once the item is shipped you will receive it within 5-6 business days with our free standard shipping option. back to top can i get my requested item sooner (item purchase)? answer: yes, we offer three expedited shipping options. select your preferred shipping option when you place your order. shipping option arrival time standard arrives within 5-6 business days. three-day arrives within 4 business days when order is placed before 12pm cst. two-day arrives within 2 or 3 business days when order is placed before 12pm cst. overnight arrives the next business day when order is placed before 12pm cst. back to top do you ship to p.o. boxes, apos or international addresses? answer:currently, we are not able to ship to p.o. boxes, apos or international addresses. back to top what taxes apply to my order? answer:we are required to collect sales tax for deliveries to the following states: california, florida, georgia, illinois, massachusetts, new jersey, new york, north carolina, pennsylvania, texas, utah, washington and wisconsin. back to top are there limits to the number of items i can purchase? answer:no. back to top what should i do with the security tag that is attached to my purchase? answer:the certified authentic tag is your assurance that the item you've received is 100% authentic. it must remain attached to the item you've purchased while you inspect it and if you return the item. if you keep the item, you can remove the tag and enjoy your new purchase. back to top what is your return policy on purchased items? answer:we will accept returns within 30 days of receipt on all buy items (formerly bbos private sale) except those marked final sale. items returned within 7 days from customer receipt: a full credit card refund will be given less any expedited shipping fees. items must be unworn and in the original condition in which they were sent. authenticity tag must not be removed nor reattached. items without authenticity tags will not be accepted for returns. items returned within 8- 30 days from customer receipt: you must email customer service at rma@bagborroworsteal.com to receive a retail merchandise authorization (rma) number. this must be included with returned item(s). a full credit card refund will be given less a 5% restocking fee (based on total purchase amount) and any expedited shipping fees. items must be unworn and in the original condition in which they were sent. authenticity tag must not be removed nor reattached. items without authenticity tags will not be accepted for returns. there will be no exceptions for returns outside this policy and bag borrow or steal is not responsible for those items. customers are responsible for return shipping and insurance. we suggest insuring the package upon its return to protect against loss or theft. bag borrow or steal is not responsible for returns that are lost before they arrive at our fashion house. back to top how do i return a purchased item? answer:repackage your purchased item to include all original packaging materials (boxes, dust bags, tissue) and a copy of your receipt. simply choose your own method of shipping and send your package to fashion house address: bbos 2200 eagle drive middleton, wi 53562 back to top how long will it take to receive a refund or credit? answer:for any refunds/credits of returned items, please allow 2-3 business days after the item has arrived at our fashion house, in order for us to inspect and process the return. after the return is confirmed valid, the refund will be issued. back to topare these replicas? answer:each and every item on our site is 100% guaranteed authentic. we do not buy, sell or rent replicas. back to top what condition are the "buy" items in? answer:we carry both brand new and pre-owned items. the condition of each item is noted in the condition definitions on the corresponding product page. condition will vary by product and the price of each item will be impacted by its condition. each item is cleaned and inspected before it is sold. please notify customer service at 866-922-2267 if your item does not meet this standard. back to top do you accept checks or money orders? answer:we are not accepting checks or money orders at this time. back to top how do i get the right size watch band? answer:leather bands are designed like belts and are "one size fits most." for bracelet-style watches we offer measuring assistance to help you select the correct size. back to top what if my watch doesn't fit when it arrives? answer:do not attempt to resize the watch yourself. adjustment to designer watches requires special tools and expert training. please call customer service at 1-866-922-2267 and we will make arrangements to get you the proper size. rental fees will be suspended while we correct the situation. back to top what if i need a new watch battery? answer:before we send a watch to you we test the battery to make sure it's at full power. in the unlikely event you should need a new battery, please call customer service at 1-866-922-2267, and we will make arrangements to replace it. please do not replace the battery yourself. adjustment to designer watches requires special tools and expert training. rental fees will be suspended while we correct the situation back to top how do i set the time? answer:your watch will arrive set to the correct local time for the delivery address. if you need to make changes due to travel, daylight savings, etc, we will include instructions on how to set the time (and date, if applicable). back to top are your watches water-resistant? answer:it varies by style. before getting your watch wet, please refer to the product description for your specific watch at bagborroworsteal.com or call customer service at 1-866-922-2267. back to top need help finding your size why do we need your size? for your convenience, we'll size this bracelet watch to fit you personally. that way you can wear it right away — no adjustments needed! how do i find my size: simply wrap a measuring tape around the part of your wrist where you like to wear a watch. then find your measurement on the size chart below. watch size: small medium large wristmeasurement: 5.5"-6.5" 6.5"-7.5" 7.5"-8.5" free shipping everyday! be the first to know sign up follow us about    | how it works    | faq    | returns    | terms and conditions    | privacy    | gift cards    | contact us now rent or buy as many items as you wish - and only pay one flat fee to ship everything. there's no limit to the size of your order. and as always, free return shipping on all rentals is included. close window close window