来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20141228063927/http://www.bagborroworsteal.com/privacy
================================================================================

privacy policy sign in | select borrow buy extra 25% off when you buy! use promo code 25offmar at checkout. we look forward to helping you during these hours: monday - friday: 7am - 5pm pst saturday and sunday: closed if you'd like to send us an email now, we'll promptly get back to you when our customer service center is open: customerservice@bagborroworsteal.com thanks. bag borrow or steal online privacy policy this privacy policy applies to web sites owned and operated by bag borrow or steal, inc. ("bag borrow or steal"), including bagborroworsteal.com and formerly "bbosprivatesale.com" (each, a "site," and collectively, the "sites"). your privacy is important to us. safeguarding your privacy and the security of your personal information is important to us. please take a few minutes to read the following policy so that you understand how we treat your personal information. as we continuously improve and expand our services, this policy might change. please check it out periodically. if you have questions about our policy, please contact us using the information provided at the end of the policy. how we collect information about you. we collect information in the following ways: we collect information that our customers supply to us directly, such as in forms on our sites. we collect information about our customers from credit bureaus and other consumer information services. we collect information from emails and other contacts sent to us by our customers and users of our sites. we collect information electronically on all users of our sites, including customers, by means of cookies. further details are provided below. what personal information we collect. when you register on one of our sites you are required to provide us your username/email address and password. in order to rent or purchase any item or service on our sites you must also provide us with your full legal name, valid credit card information, and a full street address including city, state and zip code, and telephone number. to protect ourselves and our customers from fraud, we may also collect additional information about our registered users from credit bureaus and other consumer information services. every time you use our service, we collect information about your usage. for example, we collect information regarding the products you browse and the orders you place on our sites. if you contact us by letter, phone, online chat, or email, we will collect your sender information and may collect the other information you voluntarily disclose to us. our use of cookies. like many websites on the internet, our sites use cookies. cookies are small strings of data placed on a user’s hard drive during the exchange of data that happens when the user’s browser points to one of our sites. our cookies assist us in collecting information on what pages of the site you access or visit, and in recording any preferences you indicate on the site. we also use cookies to make your experience on our sites more personalized and convenient. our cookies cannot and do not retrieve any other data from your hard drive. if you are just browsing one of our sites, a cookie identifies your browser and an anonymous user id. if you place orders with us, we use cookies to assist in storing your preferences and recording other session information (a "session" is a single visit by you to one of our sites). third-party advertisers. we may work with third-party advertisers that use cookies, web beacons, or other technologies to serve advertisements when you come to one of our sites, and to generate statistics and metrics related to the delivery of those advertisements. we also may work with third-party advertising networks that use cookies, web beacons, and other technologies to collect non-personally identifiable information about your visits to and interactions with our sites, and/or other websites, in order to provide targeted advertisements to you across their networks of websites (which may or may not include one or more of our sites). these third parties also may use this information for determining or predicting the characteristics and preferences of their respective advertising audiences, for measuring the effectiveness of their advertising and for other purposes. if you would like more information about the information collection practices of some of these third-party advertising companies, and to learn which of these companies allow you to opt out of this type of information collection, please click here: http://www.dotomi.com/privacy.html how we store the information we collect. we store the information you provide to us and the information we collect electronically in our computer databases. we maintain and operate our computer servers containing our databases. we maintain a variety of security measures to protect personal information in our control from unauthorized loss, misuse, alteration, or destruction. for example, we use firewalls and other security measures to restrict access to our computer servers. please be aware, however, that although we make good faith efforts to maintain the security of personal information in our control, we cannot guarantee that it will remain free from unauthorized access, use, disclosure, or alteration. how we use the information we collect. we use the personal information about you stored in our member database in various ways to provide our services to you, to communicate with you, and to otherwise conduct our business. for example, if you are a registered bag borrow or steal user, we can pull up personal information you have provided to us, such as your shipping and billing addresses, from our database during the checkout process to make processing your order faster and easier. we also use information about your activities on our sites, such as your brand preferences and choices of clothing and accessories, to contact you with special advertisements, offers and notices regarding brands and bags that we believe may fit with your preferences. we also use non-personally identifiable "aggregate" information about how our service is used to improve our service, to make it more responsive to our customers' preferences, and for other internal purposes. we also make such aggregate information (which does not identify any specific individual) available to third parties. when and how we share information collected we may share your personal information with third party vendors who help us provide our services to you, such as email providers, mail houses, shipping firms, companies that provide us with marketing services, and other such third parties, but such sharing is always done pursuant to a contract that requires the third party to protect the confidentiality of such information and which prohibits them from using the information for any other purposes. we may also disclose your personally identifiable information as we believe is reasonably necessary to comply with law, regulation or other governmental authority, to determine your credit status or enable debt collection, initiate legal proceedings to recover losses of or otherwise protect our rights or property, or for insurance claim processing, or to prevent harm to yourself or others. from time to time, we may make our list of registered bag borrow or steal users available for use by select third-party companies whose products or services we believe may be of interest to our registered users. these third-party companies are only permitted to send limited email or postal mailings to our registered users regarding the company’s products or services. our users’ contact information is provided to a company who manages this process and arranges for the messages to be sent, and is not provided to the third-party advertiser. if you prefer to have your name withheld from receiving email and postal mail from these third-party advertisers, please contact us at customerservice@bagborroworsteal.com and let us know. lastly, in the event we merge with another company, or we or our assets are acquired by another company, your personally identifiable information would likely be among the assets transferred or shared with such other company. you can control what information we send to you. you can limit the communications that we send to you. if you have a bag borrow or steal account and do not want to receive emails telling you about our great deals in the future, please let us know. you can change your preferences, or opt out of receiving promotional emails from us at any time by going to my account. there you can update your email address, phone numbers, and address. if you no longer wish to receive email updates, simply click the unsubscribe link at the bottom of any email. our promotional emails to you will stop within 7 to 10 business days. we may from time to time send non promotional email to all registered users, including those who have opted out from promotional email, for the purpose of gathering and dispersing data to provide better services to our customers. registered users will be under no obligation to reply or answer questions in non promotional email. non promotional email will include, but will not be limited to, surveys, maintenance notices and system updates. our policies may change. this is our current privacy policy, but we reserve the right to change any of our sites, and this policy, at any time. if we update this policy, we will post the updated version on our sites and will update the "last updated" date at the bottom of the policy. if we make a change to our policies regarding collection, storage and use of your information that is materially less restrictive in our use and disclosure of personal information that we collected prior to the update, we will provide you with prior notice of the pending update and seek your consent by posting notice on our sites or by contacting you using contact information maintained in your bag borrow or steal account. the information collected under the prior policy will continue to be governed by the prior policy, unless we obtain your consent to use that information in new ways. you can access your information. registered users have the ability to access and update certain categories of personal information, such as name, email address, postal address, and telephone number, while logged in to their bag borrow or steal accounts. a note about password security. certain personal information in your bag borrow or steal account is password-protected. in order to maintain this protection, we caution you not to provide your password to anyone. we recommend that, if you share your computer with other people, you close your browser window when your session is completed. signing off will help protect your information if you share a computer with someone else or are using a computer in a public place like a library. please contact us with any questions or comments. we want you to enjoy your use of our sites. if you have any questions about this privacy policy or our practices, or believe that a violation of this policy may have occurred, please let us know by contacting us at customerservice@bagborroworsteal.com. updated february 6, 2012 ©copyright 2006-2015 bag borrow or steal, inc. all rights reserved free shipping every day! be the first to know sign up follow us about how it works faq returns terms and conditions privacy gift cards contact us blog now rent or buy as many items as you wish - and only pay one flat fee to ship everything. there's no limit to the size of your order. and as always, free return shipping on all rentals is included. close window close window