来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20241213030949/https://www.bagborroworsteal.com/faq
================================================================================

renting handbags and accessories faqs sign in | select borrow buy we guarantee authenticity take an extra 30% off sitewide…use promo code bigthirty at checkout. frequently asked questions about us does bag borrow or steal have a store location? what do other customers think about the buying experience? what does the press say about bag borrow or steal? transparency in coverage compliant? my account how do i update my email address? how do i reduce the frequency of emails i receive from you? how does borrow work how does "borrow" work? do you offer insurance? why do i need a credit check? how much does shipping cost? how long will it take to get my borrow item after you receive my order? can i get my requested item sooner? why is my item not eligible for expedited shipping? do you ship to p.o. boxes, apos or international addresses? what taxes apply to my order? what is your return policy on borrowed items? how long will it take to receive a refund or credit? how long is my borrow term, will i be charged the same day every month? how long can i borrow an item? how do i return an item when i am done borrowing it? how do i cancel a return? what is the wish list? what happens if i fall in love with an item and want to keep it? can i buy it? can i borrow more than one handbag at a time? is it possible to change the borrow term for an item i borrowed? when is my payment method charged for a borrow item? what is an authorization? are borrow items new? what condition are borrow items in? are these replicas? what are some advantages to borrowing instead of buying? what should i do with the security tag that is attached to my borrow item? what payment methods do you accept? can i buy instead of borrow? how does buy work how does "buy" work? do you offer insurance? how much does shipping cost? how long will it take to get my purchase after you receive my order? can i get my requested item sooner? why is my item not eligible for expedited shipping? do you ship to p.o. boxes, apos or international addresses? what taxes apply to my order? are there limits to the number of items i can purchase? what should i do with the security tag that is attached to my purchase? what is your return policy on purchased items? how do i return a purchased item? how long will it take to receive a refund or credit? are these replicas? what condition are "buy" items in? what payment methods do you accept? how does affirm payment plan work? how does sell work how does "sell" work? what designer brands do you buy? where do i find the submission form? how do i upload images of the items i want to sell? how do you determine if my item is authentic or not? how do you determine the amount of your offer? do you negotiate? when will i get paid? how will i know when i've been paid? can i set a minimum price for my consignment item? is the estimated payment for my consignment guaranteed? what if i want to end my consignment term before the 120 day expiration? what if you lose my item? do you buy shoes or clothes? how does borrow protection plan work what is the protection plan? what does it cover? does the protection plan cover loss or theft? do i have to buy the protection plan? is the protection plan a one-time fee? if i opt out of the protection plan the 1st borrow term, can i add it on future borrow terms? can i add the protection plan after i receive the item? can i cancel the protection plan after my borrow term has started? what happens if i borrow an item and don't buy the protection plan and i damage the borrowed item? if i damage an item and have the protection plan, will i be allowed to borrow again? i purchased the protection plan and damaged my borrowed item, what do i do? how does 1 year buyer protection plan work what is the protection plan? what does it cover? what damage is not covered by the protection plan? does the protection plan cover loss or theft? do i have to buy the protection plan? is the protection plan a one-time fee? if i opt out of the protection plan during checkout, can i add it at a later date? can i add the protection plan after i receive the item? can i cancel the protection plan after my year of protection has started? what happens if i buy an item and don't buy the protection plan and there is a merchandising defect during the first year? if there is a merchandise defect and i have protection plan coverage, will i be allowed to buy again? i purchased the protection plan and there's a merchandise defect, what do i do? what if i return my purchase? does bag borrow or steal have a store location? answer: no, we are currently online-only. back to top transparency in coverage compliant? answer: yes, to comply with the new transparency in coverage regulations, unitedhealthcare/all savers creates and publishes the machine-readable files on behalf of bag borrow or steal. to link to the machine-readable files, please click on the url provided. our company specific data will be available as of july 1st, 2022: transparency-in-coverage.uhc.com back to top how do i update my email address? answer: login to your bag borrow or steal account and click on my account. on the account overview page, click edit customer information. update your information and click save. back to top how do i reduce the frequency of emails i receive from you? answer: login to your bag borrow or steal account and click on my account. then click on email preferences. update your preferences and click save. it may take up to seven days to see your email preference changes. back to top how does "borrow" work? answer:all you have to do is find the perfect bag, enjoy it, return it and repeat. no membership is required and there are no hidden fees. the price you see includes everything (borrow fee & shipping). sales tax is required in some states. browse handbags and accessories now! back to top do you offer insurance? answer: yes, we offer a protection plan that covers your borrowed item for accidental damage beyond normal wear and tear that happens while it's on loan. back to top why do i need a credit check? answer:by initiating a purchase or requesting a borrow from bbos, you give us permission to use the information you provide to conduct one or more credit checks at any time. you give us permission to perform credit checks for all transactions, including for those items marked "credit check required." we may contact you if we need additional information to complete a credit check. if you do not want bbos to perform a credit check, please notify customer service so that we can cancel your order. bbos reserves the right to cancel your order at any time. back to top how much does shipping cost? answer:standard shipping is always free when you borrow from bag borrow or steal. if you need an item in a hurry you will have the option to upgrade to expedited shipping at checkout for an additional fee. return shipping is also free for all borrow items. shipping option fee standard free three-day $19.95 two-day $24.95 back to top how long will it take to get my borrow item after you receive my order? answer:when we receive your order, it may take 1-2 days to process. once the item is shipped you will receive it within 5-6 business days with our free standard shipping option. back to top can i get my requested item sooner? answer:yes, we offer two expedited shipping options. select your preferred shipping option when you place your order. shipping option arrival time standard arrives within 5-6 business days and includes return ground shipping. three-day arrives within 4 business days when order is placed before 12pm cst and includes return ground shipping. two-day arrives within 2 or 3 business days when order is placed before 12pm cst and includes return ground shipping. back to top do you ship to p.o. boxes, apos or international addresses? answer:currently, we are not able to ship to p.o. boxes, apos or international addresses. back to top what taxes apply to my order? answer:we are required to collect sales tax for deliveries to the following states: arkansas, california, florida, georgia, illinois, massachusetts, new jersey, new york, north carolina, texas, utah, washington and wisconsin. back to top what is your return policy on borrowed items? answer: it's important to us that you're happy with your order. borrowed items may be returned based on the policy below. borrow items may be returned for a refund if the return shipping label is scanned by ups within 2 days of receipt. the refund will be given based on the total amount, less any expedited shipping fees. items must be unworn and in the original condition in which they were received. 'guaranteed authentic' tags must be attached. items without 'guaranteed authentic' tags are subject to a full month borrow term. back to tophow long will it take to receive a refund or credit? answer:for any refunds/credits of returned items, please allow 2-3 business days after the item has arrived at our fashion house, in order for us to inspect and process the return. after the return is confirmed valid, the refund will be issued. back to tophow long is my borrow term, will i be charged the same day every month? answer:borrow terms renew every 30 days and the monthly renewal day may change from month to month. back to top how long can i borrow an item? answer:there is no time limit for borrowing. as long as your account remains in good standing, the frequency of item rotation is up to you. your payment method will automatically be charged at the end of the borrow term if you have not yet returned the borrow item. back to top how do i return an item when i am done borrowing it? answer: visit the borrowing now page in my account and click on return an item select the item(s) you want to return place the return receipt form inside the box with the item(s) you are returning (along with dustbags or other included items) affix the shipping label to the outside of the box print the return receipt and shipping label* scan your package at any ups location you will be sent an email confirmation when we receive your package *if you do not have a printer, give us a call at 866-922-2267 and we will mail you the return receipt form and shipping label. please note that you will be responsible for all borrow fees while you are waiting for the return receipt and shipping label. most public libraries and mailing centers offer printing services if you want to return the item sooner. back to top how do i cancel a return? answer:it is not necessary to cancel a return. just keep enjoying your item(s) and return them when you are ready. back to top what is the wish list? answer:the wish list allows you to save items that you're thinking about borrowing or purchasing. you will be notified by email when borrow or buy items in your wish list go on sale or when an unavailable borrow item in your wish list becomes available. you can turn on/off the emails from the wish list. back to top what happens if i fall in love with a borrow item and want to keep it? can i buy it? answer:borrow items can only be purchased outright if the item is being moved to the "buy" section of our site. we will send you an email notification giving you the option to purchase the item if this occurs. back to top can i borrow more than one handbag at a time? answer:you are allowed to borrow one (1) handbag per calendar month. after three (3) successful borrowed handbags, you may be eligible to borrow two (2) handbags per calendar month. eligibility is not guaranteed. terms & conditions. back to top is it possible to change the borrow term for an item i borrowed? answer:no, all borrow terms are for 30 days with the option to renew. the 30 day borrow term can't be shortened and renewal dates can't be moved. back to top when is my payment method charged for a borrow item? answer:borrow fee, sales tax (where required) and optional expedited shipping fees will occur on the date an item is shipped. item renewals will be charged at the end of your borrow term. back to top what is an authorization? answer:when you have placed an item in your shopping bag, an initial authorization is placed on your payment method to verify the validity of the payment method and the funds. once the transaction is authorized and is complete, the actual amount will be charged to your payment method. if an order is canceled, please allow 2-3 business days for this authorization of funds to be released (this is dependent on your financial institution's timing standards). back to top are borrow items new? what condition are borrow items in? answer:borrow items are like-new. there should only be minor signs of wear and tear. vintage items may have additional wear and tear due to the age and rarity of the item. each item is cleaned and inspected before it goes back on the shelf. please notify customer service at 866-922-2267 if your item does not meet this standard. back to top are these replicas? answer:each and every item on our site is guaranteed authentic. we do not buy, sell or rent replicas. back to top what are some advantages to borrowing instead of buying? answer: you can carry new accessories every month you can carry the same item worn by your favorite celebrity you have the flexibility to keep an item as long or as short as you like and only pay for the time you used it you can save money and space by resisting the urge to accumulate a closet full of items that you rarely use back to top what should i do with the security tag that is attached to my borrow item? answer:the certified authentic tag is your assurance that the item you've received is authentic. it must remain attached to the item you've borrowed while you inspect it, and if you return the item. you will not receive a refund if you return the item without the certified authentic tag. if you keep the item, you can remove the tag, throw it away and enjoy your borrow item. back to top what payment methods do you accept? answer:we accept the following payment methods: visa, mastercard, discover, american express and paypal. we do not accept checks or money orders at this time. back to top can i buy instead of borrow? answer:we offer merchandise you can buy on the "buy" section of our site. back to top how does "buy" work? answer:the "buy" section of our site is a great source for buying designer accessories. it is stocked with gently used accessories that we have either moved out of our borrow collection or that have been purchased directly from our customers. all of these accessories undergo an authentication process before they are posted on the site for sale and authentication is guaranteed. back to top do you offer insurance? answer: yes, we offer a protection plan that covers your buy item for merchandise defects that occur within the first year after delivery. back to top how much does shipping cost (item purchase)? answer:standard shipping is free on all orders. if you need an item in a hurry you will have the option to upgrade to expedited shipping at checkout for an additional fee. back to top how long will it take to get my purchase after you receive my order? answer:when we receive your order, it may take 1-2 days to process. once the item is shipped you will receive it within 5-6 business days with our free standard shipping option. back to top can i get my requested item sooner (item purchase)? answer: yes, we offer two expedited shipping options. select your preferred shipping option when you place your order. shipping option arrival time standard arrives within 5-6 business days. three-day arrives within 4 business days when order is placed before 12pm cst. two-day arrives within 2 or 3 business days when order is placed before 12pm cst. back to top why is my item not eligible for expedited shipping? answer:your item will take additional time to process and ship. back to top do you ship to p.o. boxes, apos or international addresses? answer:our buy section is available for international shipping. we are able to ship to international addresses. we do not ship to p.o. boxes or apos at this time. the purchasing customer is responsible for all applicable shipping fees, duties and taxes associated with the destination country. back to top what taxes apply to my order? answer:we are required to collect sales tax for deliveries to the following states: arkansas, california, florida, georgia, illinois, massachusetts, new jersey, new york, north carolina, pennsylvania, texas, utah, washington and wisconsin. back to top are there limits to the number of items i can purchase? answer:no. back to top what should i do with the security tag that is attached to my purchase? answer:the certified authentic tag is your assurance that the item you've received is authentic. it must remain attached to the item you've purchased while you inspect it and if you return the item. if you keep the item, you can remove the tag and enjoy your new purchase. back to top what is your return policy on purchased items? answer: it's important to us that you're happy with your order. purchased items may be returned based on the policies below. buy items may be returned for store credit if the return shipping label is scanned by the shipping company for return to bag borrow or steal within 4 days of receipt, except for items marked final sale. 'guaranteed authentic' tags must be attached. items without 'guaranteed authentic' tags will not be accepted for return. items must be unworn and in the original condition in which they were received. customers are responsible for return shipping fees and insurance. we recommend insuring the return package. bag borrow or steal is not responsible for returns that are lost in transit. final sale items are not eligible for return. back to top how do i return a purchased item? answer:repackage your purchased item to include all original packaging materials (boxes, dust bags, tissue) and a copy of your receipt. simply choose your own method of shipping and send your package to fashion house address: bbos 2114 eagle drive middleton, wi 53562 back to top how long will it take to receive a refund or credit? answer:for any refunds/credits of returned items, please allow 2-3 business days after the item has arrived at our fashion house, in order for us to inspect and process the return. after the return is confirmed valid, the refund will be issued. back to topare these replicas? answer:each and every item on our site is guaranteed authentic. we do not buy, sell or rent replicas. back to top what condition are the "buy" items in? answer:the condition of each "buy" item is noted on the corresponding product page. condition will vary by product and the price of each item will be impacted by its condition. each item is cleaned and inspected before it is sold. please notify customer service at 866-922-2267 if your item does not meet this standard. back to top what payment methods do you accept? answer:we accept the following payment methods: visa, mastercard, discover, american express and paypal. we do not accept checks or money orders at this time. back to top how does affirm payment plan work? answer: we strive to bring affordable luxury to our customers. finance your purchase over 3, 6, or 12 months with affirm payment plans. your interest rate will be between 10-36% apr based on credit and is subject to an eligibility check. for example, on a $700 purchase you may pay $63.18/mo for 12 months with a 15% apr. to participate, simply select affirm as your payment method while checking out. after reviewing your order and clicking on place order with affirm, you will be redirected to the affirm website to choose your payment plan and complete your purchase securely. payment options through affirm are provided by these lending partners: affirm.com/lenders. options depend on your purchase amount, and a down payment may be required. note: affirm is available for buy items only. our borrow items are not eligible for affirm. back to top why is my item not eligible for expedited shipping? answer:your item will take additional time to process and ship. back to top how does "sell" work? answer: fill out our quick and easy online submission form. upload your pictures and submit the form. you will receive an e-mail with either an offer or a decline, usually within 2-3 business days. if you receive an offer, you can accept or decline the offer. note: did you know you can earn 10% more by choosing to be paid with store credit? if you accept the offer, you can print a pre-paid ups shipping label. carefully package your item, affix the label to the outside of the box, and drop it off at any authorized ups location. once we receive your item, it will go through an inspection and authentication process. if it passes, and you choose to sell your item, we will issue your payment within 3-7 business days. if you choose to consign your item, it has 120 days to sell. once your item sells, we will issue your payment within 3-7 business days. if your item does not pass the inspection and authentication process, we will send the item back to you at our expense. fill out our submission form now! back to top what designer brands do you buy? answer: we are interested in purchasing the following items (with $250 minimum retail price): handbags & small leather goods: 3.1 phillip lim, alexander mcqueen, alexander wang, anya hindmarch, balenciaga, bottega veneta, burberry, cartier, celine, chanel, chloe, christian louboutin, dior, fendi, givenchy, goyard, gucci, hermes, jimmy choo, judith leiber, louis vuitton, marc jacobs, mcm, miu miu, moschino, mulberry, off-white, prada, saint laurent, salvatore ferragamo, stella mccartney, tod's, tory burch, valentino, versace. jewelry & accessories: alexis bittar, cartier, chanel, charriol, david yurman, dior, gucci, hermes, ippolita, john hardy, judith ripka, louis vuitton, tiffany & co.. watches: burberry, cartier, chanel, fendi, gucci, hermes, louis vuitton, michael kors, michele. sunglasses: burberry, celine, chanel, chloe, dior, fendi, gucci, jimmy choo, louis vuitton, prada, saint laurent, tiffany & co., tom ford, valentino, versace. shoes: burberry, chanel, chloe, christian louboutin, dior, fendi, giuseppe zanotti, gucci, hermes, jimmy choo, louis vuitton, manolo blahnik, miu miu, prada, saint laurent, salvatore ferragamo, tod's, valentino. back to top where do i find the submission form? answer: in order to access the item submission form, you need to create a free account. once you're signed into your account, click the "sell" link in the main navigation then click "selling options". from there click "submission form" button, and submit the form. back to top how do i upload images of the items i want to sell? answer: after taking the picture(s) with a digital camera, you will need to save them to your computer. in the submission form, you will click "browse" next to the image upload field. from there, find the file on your computer where the image is and double click it. it will then appear in the image upload field. if you have multiple images you can then click "add another image". when you're done, you simply click "submit form". back to top how do you determine if my item is authentic or not? answer: your item will be reviewed by our in-house authentication experts who draw on extensive experience and familiarity of luxury goods to review the quality of materials, stitching, hardware, shape, color, serial numbers, holograms, dust bag, receipt, manufacturer's registration and authentication cards, original price tag - to name the top inspection points. by submitting an item to bag borrow or steal for consignment or direct buy, you are representing that the item is authentic. if bag borrow or steal determines in its sole discretion, that an item you submit for consignment or direct buy is counterfeit or not authentic, bag borrow or steal will return the item to you and you authorize bag borrow or steal to charge you a $50 authentication fee. if we determine your bag is not authentic you will pay bbos a $50 return service and shipping fee and your item will then be returned to you. if you fail to pay the fee within 30 days of the date of the email notification bbos will consider your item abandoned and will dispose of your item. if you resubmit the item or the item is returned to bag borrow or steal for any reason, you authorize bag borrow or steal to charge you an additional $50 authentication fee. back to top how do you determine the amount of your offer? answer: your item will be reviewed by our in-house authentication experts, and our offer will be based on a number of factors: the age and condition of your item, rarity, retail price, sales of comparable items, current fashion trends, and the inclusion of original materials, such as dust bag, receipt, manufacturer's registration and authentication cards, original price tag, etc. back to top do you negotiate? answer: typically, the answer is no. however, there may be occasions where we find it appropriate to re-evaluate a submission. back to top when will i get paid? answer: if you sell your item to us, payment will be issued after we have received and authenticated your item. if you consign your item with us, payment will be issued when your item sells on our site. payments are issued within 3-7 business days via paypal or check. store credit is issued by the next business day! back to top how will i know when i've been paid? answer: we will notify you by email when your payment has been issued. depending on the form of payment you chose, it will confirm that either you've been paid via paypal, store credit has been issued to your bag borrow or steal account or a check is on its way. you can also check the status of each submission in the "sell & consign" section of your online account. back to top can i set a minimum price for my consignment item? answer: no. bag borrow or steal has full pricing authority. all price reductions and promotions are at our discretion. prices are set with the understanding that it is advantageous for both parties to get the highest price. back to top is the estimated payment for my consignment guaranteed? answer: no. actual payout may differ from the estimate based on what the item sells for. consigner earns 70% of the sale. back to top what if i want to end my consignment term before the 120 day expiration? answer: bag borrow or steal will return the item to you and you authorize bag borrow or steal to charge you a $50 early cancellation & processing fee. back to top what if you lose my item? answer: we supply a pre-paid shipping label from ups for your convenience. if your item is lost in transit after the package has been scanned by ups, we will honor the price you accepted and send you a check for that amount. we will also take responsibility for the item while it's in our possession. once your item reaches our warehouse it is safe, and we have checks and balances in place to keep track of it. if we have to return the item to you and it's lost, we will file a tracer investigation with ups. if they approve the claim, we will honor the price you accepted and send you a check for that amount. back to top do you buy shoes or clothes? answer: in addition to accepting submissions for handbags, jewelry, sunglasses and watches, we have recently started accepting unworn women's shoes in sizes 6-10.5, as well as scarves and belts. back to top what is the protection plan? answer: the protection plan covers your borrow item for accidental damage beyond normal wear and tear that happens while it's on loan. back to top what does it cover? answer: accidental damage above normal wear and tear is covered. back to top does the protection plan cover loss or theft? answer: no, the borrowed item must be returned for the protection plan to take effect. the protection plan does not cover cases of loss or theft. in cases of loss or theft the borrower would be responsible for the msrp of the item. back to top do i have to buy the protection plan? answer: no, this is optional. back to top is the protection plan a one-time fee? answer: the protection plan is a monthly fee that renews every 30 days along with your borrow renewal fee. back to top if i opt out of the protection plan the 1st borrow term, can i add it on future borrow terms? answer: no, the protection plan can only be added with the initial borrow term and can only be removed for future renewals. back to top can i add the protection plan after i receive the item? answer: you have until the item is delivered to add the protection plan. back to top can i cancel the protection plan after my borrow term has started? answer: if you keep your item past the initial 30 day borrow term and decide you'd like to cancel the protection plan, you can cancel it for future renewal terms. you cannot cancel the protection plan for the current borrow term and we don't provide refunds on the protection plan. back to top what happens if i borrow an item and don't buy the protection plan and i damage the borrowed item? answer: you will be responsible for a damage fee or msrp depending on the severity of the condition. back to top if i damage an item and have the protection plan, will i be allowed to borrow again? answer: yes, but we reserve the right to discontinue borrowing should we determine the protection plan coverage is being abused. back to top i purchased the protection plan and damaged my borrowed item, what do i do? answer: please contact our customer service team to let them know about the damage and then return the item using the prepaid ups label in your account. back to top what is the protection plan? answer: the protection plan covers your buy item for merchandise defects that occur within the first year after delivery. back to top what does it cover? answer: only merchandise defects attributed to normal wear and tear are covered. examples of merchandise defects include but are not limited to: zipper malfunction, hardware coming loose, straps breaking, separating seams, etc. back to top what damage is not covered by the protection plan? answer: it does not cover any damage considered beyond normal wear and tear, examples of damage that isn't covered include but is not limited to: heat damage, water damage, spills, ink, tears, denim rub, dead batteries, etc. back to top does the protection plan cover loss or theft? answer: no, the buy item must be returned if damaged and isn't covered in cases of loss or theft. back to top do i have to buy the protection plan? answer: no, this is optional. back to top is the protection plan a one-time fee? answer: the protection plan is a one-time fee paid at checkout that protects your buy for 1 year from the delivery date. back to top if i opt out of the protection plan during checkout, can i add it at a later date? answer: you have up until the item is delivered to add the protection plan. once the item is delivered you won't be able to add the protection plan. back to top can i add the protection plan after i receive the item? answer: you have until the item is delivered to add the protection plan. back to top can i cancel the protection plan after my year of protection has started? answer: you cannot cancel the protection plan during the year of protection, and we do not provide refunds on the protection plan. back to top what happens if i buy an item and don't buy the protection plan and there is a merchandising defect during the first year? answer: you will not have any coverage without the protection plan. back to top if there is a merchandise defect and i have protection plan coverage, will i be allowed to buy again? answer: yes, but we reserve the right to discontinue selling should we determine the protection plan coverage is being abused. back to top i purchased the protection plan and there's a merchandise defect, what do i do? answer: if the merchandise defect happens within your protection plan coverage period, please reach out to our customer service team and they can help you get the repair or reimbursement needed. back to top what if i return my purchase? answer: your protection plan will be automatically canceled and refunded if you return your product within our return policy period. back to top need help finding your size why do we need your size? for your convenience, we'll size this bracelet watch to fit you personally. that way you can wear it right away — no adjustments needed! how do i find my size: simply wrap a measuring tape around the part of your wrist where you like to wear a watch. then find your measurement on the size chart below. watch size: small medium large wristmeasurement: 5.5"-6.5" 6.5"-7.5" 7.5"-8.5" free shipping every day! sign up to receive special offers follow us about faq shipping & returns terms and conditions gift cards contact us privacy now rent or buy as many items as you wish - and only pay one flat fee to ship everything. there's no limit to the size of your order. and as always, free return shipping on all rentals is included. close window close window