来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20091228173355/http://www.chocoley.com:80/testimonials.htm
================================================================================

chocoley testimonials chocolate candy making guide frequently asked questions if you have questions about chocoley's products, type your question here and click the button to talk to an experienced chocoholic. live chat by liveperson revolutionary new chocolate chocolate fountain & fondue chocolate for fountains coloring for fountains flavoring for fountains fountain supplies chocolate for fondue candy making chocolate couverture chocolate molding dipping and enrobing sugar free chocolate compound chocolate candy melts dipping and enrobing drizzle & design chocolate cream centers & caramel cream centers caramel special savings - assortments of cream centers & caramel caramel apple kit design & decorating ingredients chocolate coloring oils chocolate flavoring oils metallic sugar crystals gourmet sanding sugars airbrush paints and supplies colorful cocoa butter candy making tools, equipment & supplies chocolate molds plastic sheet molds cast aluminum molds polycarbonate molds chocolate tools chocolate dipping tools thermometers tempering equipment tempering stones melters/warmers supplies airbrushes candy making kits chocolate candy making kits caramel apple kit gifts & certificates gift certificates gift ideas join our private email list to receive specials, tips, & recipes name: email: we respect your privacy and will never sell or share your information. telephone hours: 7 days  8am - 8pm est toll free: 866-528-5252 info@chocoley.com testimonials "chocoley 'just melt it' fountain chocolate is foolproof. it's so simple to use, delicious and it works every time!" michael kotacka, pastry sous chef the ritz-carlton atlanta "thank you so much for making such a great product. i just found out my 5 year old is allergic to peanuts which is making for a very stressful easter. i was so excited when i found your site. i can't thank you enough and can't wait to get the products so i can start making the chocolate." cara turner, reading, pennsylvania "having recently opened a chocolate and sweet shoppe we ordered some of your chocolate products to try along with another chocolate company. we have been doing taste tests with some customers and by far, "chocoley" chocolates have come out on top. we have many customers that are diabetic, and those that must follow "gluten-free" diet so we are proud to be able to offer your chocolates. our customers are always telling us that the "sugar-free" chocolates taste really good, it doesn't leave that "after-taste" at all. we can't make our chocolates fast enough, customers buy them as fast as we put them out. "chocoley" chocolate products will be our shoppe chocolate. your chocolates are the best! we are in the midst of switching our shoppe over to all "chocoley" chocolates and we know that our customers will be coming back for more! thank you for such wonderful, smooth, sweet, tasting chocolates, and we are life-time customers of chocoley." sharon m. young-maliszewski and kevin m. maliszewski chocolate inked sweet shoppe (ciss), metamora, mi. "the chocolate was a huge hit at the wedding reception. even the dj stopped to get some, then made sure he announced that everyone needed to try it!! needless to say, your product is sensational!!! the chocolate was in fact, so wonderfully smooth tasting and flowed beautifully all night long. besides an excellent tasting, extra smooth product, having the tubs to pour the leftovers in at the end of the night made transporting everything back home so much easier. many thanks for your quick responses in helping me, with your efficient service and best of all, providing superb chocolate!" june andringa, plano, texas "i just wanted to let you know i have been using your chocolate and making candies to give away.( hopefully i will be able to start selling soon.) i cant believe the compliments i am getting on the candy. oh, also by the way, my polycarbonate mold is working great now. anyway i have made candies for at least 50 different people and they all are saying it is the best chocolate they have ever tasted. i took some candy to some of our friends at our local casino, she passed them around at the steak house and the response from them was just unbelievable, the two managers came up to my table and they both were just going on and on about how it was the best chocolate they had ever tasted. they want me to make up a box so they can give to marketing and want me to start selling it in their gift shop. then my other friend i gave a box to wants me to sell at a local craft fair this fall. i am so excited about this. thanks so much for the great chocolate and the great cream centers and the great customer service! take care." sharon schoenman, williamstown, ky "i have been making the same cashew/raisin clusters to give as christmas gifts for the last 30 christmases. this past year, my local candy store in durham, nc went out of business. i got on the internet and found you. i had a nice conversation with steve as to which product might work for me. he suggested bada bing bada boom candy melts. i ordered on monday, received 10 lbs of dark on thursday and had clusters ready for the office luncheon on friday. what a hit! i have tried many different kinds of chocolate over the years and yours beats them all! there is just no comparison. melted beautifully and comes out just as shiny as the fancy cashew clusters at the mall. you know the ones. but never mind how beautiful, they are more delicious than any i have ever made. thank you for making my gifts such a success." barbara a. paradise, chapel hill, nc "absolutely great customer service and super fast shipping, not to mention unbelievable chocolate!!! would definitely buy from this company again. email's are answered very prompt. i give them a a+++." teresa foreman, spencer, ia "there's so much great stuff to say about chocoley. it tastes great, is easy to use, smells amazing, and our customers love it!" steve scaia, senior sous chef, jw marriott lenox hotel,  atlanta, ga “i just had to write and tell you good folks how wonderful your products worked for me! i recently ordered your products for making truffles, and for a chocolate fountain to be used at my parents 50th anniversary celebration, and not only did your product work beautifully for me in the dipping process of the truffle making, but the fountain was spectacular!!!! many guests inquired about the mix of chocolate etc. i simply wrote down your email address to everyone that asked. i have never used a fountain before and was skeptical of its function and dependability since i have been making candies both professionally and from home for years and know the temperament, no pun intended, of chocolate. your product flowed beautifully throughout the entire reception and again the next day at the family dinner to much praise and applause! thank you again for such wonderful service and products i know now there is no other place to purchase chocolate for all my future needs. you guys rock!” charles latham, chuckles chocolates, bells, tn “hello, i'm writing to let you know that i used your product for the first time this past weekend and it was a complete success! thank you for providing this amazing product as well as your first-rate customer service! as promised, the product was incredibly easy to use-- i melted the chocoley chips right in the tub (uncovered) using a microwave, then poured it directly into the heated fountain, switched on the pump and voila! pure perfection! we ran the fountain for about 90 minutes overall, adding additional warm chocoley occasionally-- but we never found it necessary to add any oil or anything whatsoever. i have heard oil needs to be added with other chocolate fountain product. using chocoley was a dream... and we received sooo many compliments! not just on the chocolate fountain experience itself--- oh no, it was the chocolate that people commented on more than anything... and i can't take credit for that! we made it a point to tell everyone who asked exactly what we were using... and how they could get it for their own machines. after all, i don't want to eat any other chocolate (the oily mess!) from my friend's fountains... and now i won't ever have to! i will certainly be ordering additional chocoley very soon! please... never stop producing this amazing chocolate. if i can't get chocoley... i won't use my fountain!! :-) thank you again“ p. ball, orange county, california “i love both your dark and milk chocolate, but i want you to know that i can’t begin to tell you how wonderful it is to finally discover a fabulous white chocolate for our fountain business. your white chocolate is the best both in flavor and temperament regarding viscosity and flow. a lot of guests shy away from white chocolate due to it sometimes having a little bite in the flavor (they find it odd to their taste buds). chocoley’s white fountain chocolate is smooth and a perfect flavor that will surpass party guests’ expectations. thanks for all the great chocolate and service!” gia davini, owner, chocolate shivers, rockford, il "thanks for the fabulous chocolate for our fountain! i searched the internet for top quality chocolate for our small home chocolate fountain that we purchased for a neighborhood progressive dinner. i enthusiastically purchased your chocolate when i noticed that it did not require the addition of oil. i had previously attended parties where chocolate fountains were used with oil, and was frankly very disappointed in the oily mix. in contrast, your product far exceeded my expectations! the chocolate was absolutely delicious, and nicely packaged in reusable containers that were easy to heat in the microwave. my guests were thrilled, and the party was a hit! i'm buying more chocolate to keep in reserve so i can use the fountain on short notice. thanks also for your wonderful customer support! best wishes for continued success." anne hollander, takoma park, md "i just wanted to let you know how much my family enjoys chocoley chocolate. i have tried many chocolates for the chocolate fountain, that has quickly become a staple of any family gathering, and by far chocoley is the best!! it is easy to melt right in it's container and requires no oil additives. it maintains it's smoothness and stays melted for a long time and the taste is superior to all others. thank you for making such a wonderful product!!" renee c. (the comedy queen), brewster, ny "the quality and consistency of chocoley chocolate products is superior to all other fountain base chocolate products we have tested and used. the personal commitment to service by the staff at chocoley is incredible. our chocolate fountains are showstoppers at any of our events. what’s there not to like about chocoley chocolate?" joseph fidelibus, vice president, georgia fine restaurants inc. little gardens restaurant and lounge, lawrenceville, ga "i wanted to let you know that we had a booth at bridalrama, the biggest bridal show in cincinnati, this past saturday and sunday. we had two fountains going, one with milk chocolate and the other with white chocolate. we had numerous people say that your chocolate was, by far, the best at the show. and there were probably at least 10 different booths with chocolate fountains. i know we will definitely get business due to the high quality of the chocolate...the fountain is only as good as what you put in it. keep up the great work and i will be calling soon to place an order for more chocolate." rick myatt, owner, paradise ice rentals, edgewood, ky "i have to admit that i was a little reluctant to try a different brand chocolate. but now i will purchase chocoley without a second thought! i immediately noticed the better quality of chocolate when i used chocoley instead of sephra brand chocolate. unlike sephra, chocoley consistently flowed beautifully throughout the entire event without having to shut the fountain down once! not to mention the wonderful aroma and taste that brought me many compliments from all of the guests. thanks chocoley!" lisa hayward, owner, chocolate tiers, redford, mi. "enjoy the product. actually used chocoley and our fountain at an event, side by side with another vendor using an inferior product. helped me book two weddings. thanks, jim" jim elder, president, elder enterprises inc. university rental, nacogdoches, tx "fondue a la fontaine exclusively uses chocoley brand premium fondue chocolate in its fountains. after trying other brands, we find that for personable service and for consistency in both taste and flow, there is simply no better brand to use than chocoley. while there generally isn't much leftover because of its superior taste, having the tubs to dispose of unused chocolate after an event makes cleanup a snap! it is for these reasons and many more that i highly recommend that you use chocoley too!" cheron ellison, owner, fondue a la fontaine, washington, d.c., va & md "chocoley is wonderful! it tastes delicious... the aroma in the room is amazing. all of the people at my event were so excited and raving about how great the chocolate tasted." lynn mccannon, moments-n-time catering and event planning, marietta, ga “from the moment that our event guests walk out of the elevator and into the club, they are drawn to the fantastic aroma radiating from our fountain that flows with chocoley chocolate. our members and guests demand the best – we wouldn’t give them anything less." daro chan, executive chef, the 1818 club, duluth, ga "i cannot tell you how much easier chocoley has made my life!!! and it tastes great and the guests love it." susan "q" pileggi. party-a-gogo, potomac falls, va “i want to start off by telling you, your customer service is the ultimate! thank you for your time & helpful hints. the chocolate has the most wonderful taste, aroma, and perfect consistency. the packaging is great. it makes using the chocolate so easy and less wasteful. i not only use the chocolate for the fountains, i love to use it for candy. i look forward to doing continued business with you.” terri white, uniquely yours catering, knoxville, tn "i just wanted to let you know what an awesome product your dark chocoley is!!! our daughter is allergic to milk, eggs & peanuts. my husband bought me a chocolate fountain for xmas & i set out to find a chocolate for it that our daughter could have. i came across chocoley on the web. i emailed you wonderful folks to make sure of the ingredients & check for cross contamination issues, & you answered all my questions. i proceeded to place an order for the dark chocoley. i used it for my daughter's 6th birthday party this year & it was the hit of the day!! i even used it to mold all her chocolate candy for the holidays (i used to use chocolate chips for this, never again!!) we are soo addicted to this stuff!!! you have a truly awesome product & a customer for life!!" sally hess, lehighton, pa "we had a wonderful party & the chocoley chocolate was a hit at the fountain. everyone asked what kind of chocolate and i told them we mixed the milk & dark chocolate. what a hit! we tried about 12 different dipping items & your suggestions were great along with the amount to buy! thanks for your assistance." a well satisfied customer!" deb payne, el dorado ct, ca “we celebrated our 25th wedding anniversary this past june. i just wanted to thank you because our chocolate fountain was a huge hit! without ever trying your chocolate, i was a little hesitant but everyone i dealt with there was so reassuring so i took a chance. wow! the chocolate was so wonderful (you can just eat it like it is!) and i have already recommended it. i am keeping all the information on your chocolate and will absolutely use it again! thank you.” marge zemina, tulsa, ok "thank you so much for your great service. just letting you know that your chocolate is the best. i have tried other melting chocolate, but none compare to the taste, and flow consistency of yours." dee beach, poway, ca "i just wanted to let you know how much i have enjoyed chocoley! i have used your chocolate exclusively for years now. the ease of melting is wonderful. i have thrown many parties using your chocolate and every time it has come out perfect! i even treat my daughters elementary school staff to "teacher indulgence day" with my fountain and chocoley! they look forward to it every year! thank you again for such a high quality product and excellent customer service. as always, i recommend only you!" april maria, branson, mo "the chocolate was delicious and thank you for the quick delivery. i ordered on thurs. received it on sat. and the party was on sun. thanks to your wonderful chocolate, the party was a huge success!” sharon black, monroe township, nj "the dark chocolate arrived today in pristine condition! it is delicious, and leaves a nice aftertaste. thank you again, for your assistance by phone. see below what a nice reply your husband sent to us back in june. i have memorized the note he sent (to repeat to others), because he so elegantly stated the high quality of this delectable treat!” t. andrew, salt lake city, ut "just wanted to let you know i found your company by surfing the internet and tried your chocolate for a chocolate fountain i purchased. it was so easy to melt and add to the fountain. my guests raved about the flavor and asked what kind of chocolate it was and where to get it. i think i probably sold a couple of fountains that night and your chocolate. when a company offers a quality product, they should be commended. thank you for your prompt service and quality chocolate. i will use it again." m. aurand, lewistown, pa "it was nice to experience such great customer service when i called to confirm that my order had been received since i ordered over the internet. you can’t get that with most companies today. the chocolate arrived just as promised. i opened it to get a taste test before using it for my sister’s upcoming bridal shower and i can’t stop eating it….it is delicious. i called my mom to ask if i could store it at her house because i am afraid that i may eat it before the upcoming event! thank you again for your outstanding customer service and for the delicious chocolate!” lakeya jefferson, kankakee, il allergen statement - about tempering - candy making chocolate - candy making tools equipment & supplies - chocolate 101 - chocolate candy making guide chocolate candy making kits - chocolate fountain & fondue - contact us - frequently asked questions - gifts - gift certificates - home ingredients and nutrion facts - kosher product information - peanut free chocolate - privacy statement - recipes - return policy - satisfaction guarantee shipping transit times - sitemap - specials - terms of use statement - testimonials - view cart - which chocolate - wholesale - why chocoley we take precautions, including use of sophisticated encryption and authentication tools, to protect the security of personal information that you share with us. website copyright ©2006-2009 chocoley fountain photo copyright ©2006-2009 south van events, lexington, ky