来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20141229153003/http://www.chocoley.com/terms
================================================================================

terms of use sign in to your account register or order status contact 866-528-5252 have questions? {0} cart wishlist terms of use please read the following terms and conditions of use carefully before using this website. all users of this site agree that access to and use of this site are subject to the following terms and conditions and other applicable law. if you do not agree to these terms and conditions, please do not use this site. copyright the entire content included in this site, including but not limited to text, graphics or code is copyrighted as a collective work under the united states and other copyright laws, and is the property of chocoley, l.l.c. dba chocoley. the collective work includes works that are licensed to chocoley, l.l.c. dba chocoley. copyright ©2006-2014, chocoley, l.l.c. dba chocoley all rights reserved. permission is granted to electronically copy and print hard copy portions of this site for the sole purpose of placing an order with chocoley, l.l.c. dba chocoley or purchasing chocoley, l.l.c. dba chocoley products. you may display and, subject to any expressly stated restrictions or limitations relating to specific material, download or print portions of the material from the different areas of the site solely for your own non-commercial use, or to place an order with chocoley, l.l.c. dba chocoley or to purchase chocoley, l.l.c. dba chocoley products. any other use, including but not limited to the reproduction, distribution, display or transmission of the content of this site is strictly prohibited, unless authorized by chocoley, l.l.c. dba chocoley. you further agree not to change or delete any proprietary notices from materials downloaded from the site. trademarks all trademarks, service marks and trade names of chocoley, l.l.c. dba chocoley used in the site are trademarks or registered trademarks of chocoley, l.l.c. dba chocoley warranty disclaimer this site and the materials and products on this site are provided "as is" and without warranties of any kind, whether express or implied. to the fullest extent permissible pursuant to applicable law, chocoley, l.l.c. dba chocoley disclaims all warranties, express or implied, including, but not limited to, implied warranties of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose and non-infringement. chocoley, l.l.c. dba chocoley does not represent or warrant that the functions contained in the site will be uninterrupted or error-free, that the defects will be corrected, or that this site or the server that makes the site available are free of viruses or other harmful components. chocoley, l.l.c. dba chocoley does not make any warrantees or representations regarding the use of the materials in this site in terms of their correctness, accuracy, adequacy, usefulness, timeliness, reliability or otherwise. some states do not permit limitations or exclusions on warranties, so the above limitations may not apply to you. limitation of liability chocoley, l.l.c. dba chocoley shall not be liable for any special or consequential damages that result from the use of, or the inability to use, the materials on this site or the performance of the products, even if chocoley, l.l.c. dba chocoley has been advised of the possibility of such damages. applicable law may not allow the limitation of exclusion of liability or incidental or consequential damages, so the above limitation or exclusion may not apply to you. typographical errors in the event that a chocoley, l.l.c. dba chocoley product is mistakenly listed at an incorrect price, chocoley, l.l.c. dba chocoley reserves the right to refuse or cancel any orders placed for product listed at the incorrect price. chocoley, l.l.c. dba chocoley reserves the right to refuse or cancel any such orders whether or not the order has been confirmed and your credit card charged. if your credit card has already been charged for the purchase and your order is cancelled, chocoley, l.l.c. dba chocoley shall issue a credit to your credit card account in the amount of the incorrect price. term; termination these terms and conditions are applicable to you upon your accessing the site and/or completing the registration or shopping process. these terms and conditions, or any part of them, may be terminated by chocoley, l.l.c. dba chocoley without notice at any time, for any reason. the provisions relating to copyrights, trademark, disclaimer, limitation of liability, indemnification and miscellaneous, shall survive any termination. notice chocoley, l.l.c. dba chocoley may deliver notice to you by means of e-mail, a general notice on the site, or by other reliable method to the address you have provided to chocoley, l.l.c. dba chocoley. miscellaneous your use of this site shall be governed in all respects by the laws of the state of georgia, u.s.a., without regard to choice of law provisions, and not by the 1980 u.n. convention on contracts for the international sale of goods. you agree that jurisdiction over and venue in any legal proceeding directly or indirectly arising out of or relating to this site (including but not limited to the purchase of chocoley, l.l.c. dba chocoley products) shall be in the state or federal courts located in forsyth county, georgia. any cause of action or claim you may have with respect to the site (including but not limited to the purchase of chocoley, l.l.c. dba chocoley products) must be commenced within one (1) year after the claim or cause of action arises. chocoley, l.l.c. dba chocoley's failure to insist upon or enforce strict performance of any provision of these terms and conditions shall not be construed as a waiver of any provision or right. neither the course of conduct between the parties nor trade practice shall act to modify any of these terms and conditions. chocoley, l.l.c. dba chocoley may assign its rights and duties under this agreement to any party at any time without notice to you. use of site harassment in any manner or form on the site, including via e-mail, chat, or by use of obscene or abusive language, is strictly forbidden. impersonation of others, including a chocoley, l.l.c. dba chocoley or other licensed employee, host, or representative, as well as other members or visitors on the site is prohibited. you may not upload to, distribute, or otherwise publish through the site any content which is libelous, defamatory, obscene, threatening, invasive of privacy or publicity rights, abusive, illegal, or otherwise objectionable which may constitute or encourage a criminal offense, violate the rights of any party or which may otherwise give rise to liability or violate any law. you may not upload commercial content on the site or use the site to solicit others to join or become members of any other commercial online service or other organization. participation disclaimer chocoley, l.l.c. dba chocoley does not and cannot review all communications and materials posted to or created by users accessing the site, and is not in any manner responsible for the content of these communications and materials. you acknowledge that by providing you with the ability to view and distribute user-generated content on the site, chocoley, l.l.c. dba chocoley is merely acting as a passive conduit for such distribution and is not undertaking any obligation or liability relating to any contents or activities on the site. however, chocoley, l.l.c. dba chocoley reserves the right to block or remove communications or materials that it determines to be (a) abusive, defamatory, or obscene, (b) fraudulent, deceptive, or misleading, (c) in violation of a copyright, trademark or; other intellectual property right of another or (d) offensive or otherwise unacceptable to chocoley, l.l.c. dba chocoley in its sole discretion. indemnification you agree to indemnify, defend, and hold harmless chocoley, l.l.c. dba chocoley, its officers, directors, employees, agents, licensors and suppliers (collectively the "service providers") from and against all losses, expenses, damages and costs, including reasonable attorneys' fees, resulting from any violation of these terms and conditions or any activity related to your account (including negligent or wrongful conduct) by you or any other person accessing the site using your internet account. third-party links in an attempt to provide increased value to our visitors, chocoley, l.l.c. dba chocoley may link to sites operated by third parties. however, even if the third party is affiliated with chocoley, l.l.c. dba chocoley, chocoley, l.l.c. dba chocoley has no control over these linked sites, all of which have separate privacy and data collection practices, independent of chocoley, l.l.c. dba chocoley. these linked sites are only for your convenience and therefore you access them at your own risk. nonetheless, chocoley, l.l.c. dba chocoley seeks to protect the integrity of its web site and the links placed upon it and therefore requests any feedback on not only its own site, but for sites it links to as well (including if a specific link does not work). everything to make perfect gourmet chocolate creations products recipes & resources search recipes resources blog gifts why chocoley testimonials loyalty rewards recurring orders valentine's day wholesale program chocolate shop by type gourmet compound chocolate couverture & ultra couverture chocolate fountain & fondue chocolate shop by product line bada bing bada boom candy & molding formula bada bing bada boom dipping & coating formula drizzle & design chocolate just melt it! fountain & fondue chocolate v125 indulgence couverture chocolate indulgence ultra couverture dipping & enrobing chocolate white chocolate with coloring sets shop by viscosity (thickness) high viscosity (thicker formulas) low viscosity (thinner formulas) shop by flavor dark milk white shop by what you want to make bark cake pops chocolate dipped caramel apples chocolate covered strawberries chocolate covered bananas chocolate fountain dipped items with a thick coating of chocolate dipped items with a thin coating of chocolate fondue chocolate fudge ganache molded chocolate candy truffle coating turtles/clusters chocoley chocolate is safe for food allergies all chocoley chocolate is peanut free, tree nut free, egg free and celiac safe get more allergy information is it 78° or warmer where your chocolate is shipping? see if you need a cold pack ingredients shop by type of ingredient caramel cream centers flavoring oils make spectacular caramel apples chocoley caramel is mouthwatering and perfectly formulated for dipping apples. try it now decorating shop by category coloring oils colorful cocoa butter powder colorants drizzle & design chocolate decorative toppings shop by decorative topping type edible confetti gourmet sanding sugars jimmies sprinkles metallic sugar crystals nonpareil candy sprinkles edible confetti add a celebration to your creations. get edible confetti now gourmet kitchen shop by category aprons chocolate fondue sets chocolate tools dipping tools thermometers bakeware & cookware melters/warmers everything for tempering tempering stonestempering machine parts & accessories bain-marie one piece double boiler cleverly designed for ease of use, this double boiler is ideal for melting chocolate, preparing sauces, creams & more. check out this amazing double boiler molds shop molds by material plastic sheet molds cast aluminum molds polycarbonate molds shop molds by finished product type filled centers lollipop/sucker bark bars boxes dessert cups mints pretzel truffles 3-d shop molds by shape awareness ribbons bows general designs hearts letter & number round square & rectangular stars shop molds by occasion anniversary baby/baby shower baptism/christening birthday communion graduation quinceañera retirement sweet 16 wedding/bridal shower shop molds by holiday christmas easter father's day fourth of july halloween hanukkah mother's day new years st. patrick's day thanksgiving valentines shop molds by theme animals beach/ocean breast cancer awareness celebration christian fall/autumn flowers/trees food gifts irish jewish just for fun kids love/romance masonic money patriotic performing arts political sports spring summer texas tools tropical/luau turtles winter shop molds by statement congratulations especially for you get well good luck happy holidays thank you welcome over 40 beautiful new designs of polycarbonate molds from italy see all the designs supplies shop by category forks, sticks & skewers sucker/lollipop supplies squeeze bottles heavy weight dipping sheets/box liners candy maker gloves molding supplies dipping suppliescaramel apple supplies frozen banana supplies paper candy cups foil candy wrappers wax wrappers shop for chocolate fountain supplies chocolate fountain saver bowl scrapers wooden cocktail forks bamboo skewers squeeze bottles are great for filling molds and decorating with chocolate pick a squeeze bottle packaging shop by category cello & plastic bags ballotin candy boxes rigid candy boxes cake ball boxes clear plastic boxes candy bar sets candy cups foil wrappers wax wrappers candy "build-a-bar" sets homemade chocolate candy bars made easy get candy bar sets now kits shop by category tool & supply kits caramel apple kits cake pop kits chocolate house kits holiday kits kids kits seasonal kits chocolate dipped caramel apple kits see apple kits shop my way shop by dietary need peanut & tree nut free gluten free egg free organic kosher gmo free shop by holiday christmas easter father’s day fourth of july halloweenhanukkah mardi gras mother’s day st. patrick’s thanksgiving valentine’s day shop by occasion anniversary baby/baby shower bar mitzvah/bat mitzvah/jewish birthday bridal shower communion/baptism/christian congratulations engagement graduation patriotic/political quinceañera sporting events sweet sixteen wedding shop by theme winter spring summer fall kids – both genders kids – girls kids – boys baby animals beach/tropical flowers love sports valentine's day ideas shop for valentine's day items new specials stay connected with sign up for email updates & savings! toll free: 866-528-5252 email: info@chocoley.com telephone hours: 7 days 9am-8pm est office / warehouse hours: mon-fri 11am - 7pm watch chochoholic reviews record your own video now customer service shipping information return policy recurring orders check order status allergen information kosher information frequently asked questions which chocolate do i need? gift certificates about chocoley our story why chocoley testimonials location + contacts careers wholesale about the chocoley wholesale program frequently asked questions wholesale customer application copyright © 2014 chocoley llcprivacy policyterms of use