来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20171219182453/https://www.chocoley.com/why-chocoley
================================================================================

why chocoley? please wait... {{var product.name}} was added to cart continue shopping {{var product.name}} was removed from cart continue shopping javascript seems to be disabled in your browser. you must have javascript enabled in your browser to utilize the functionality of this website. menu search account contact 866-528-5252 have questions? chocoley chocolate register sign in to your account wishlist cart you have no items in your shopping cart. search: all all chocolate ingredients decorating gourmet kitchen molds supplies packaging kits search account wishlist log in we make playing with chocolate fun! recipes resources blog why chocoley wholesale chocolate vip memberships & discounts menu chocolate shop by type of chocolate gourmet compound chocolate couverture & ultra couverture chocolate gourmet fountain & fondue chocolate shop by chocoley chocolate product line bada bing bada boom candy & molding gourmet compound chocolate bada bing bada boom dipping & coating gourmet compound chocolate drizzle & design chocolate just melt it! fountain & fondue chocolate v125 couverture chocolate indulgence ultra couverture dipping & enrobing chocolate shop by viscosity high viscosity (thick formulas)low viscosity (thin formulas) shop by flavor darkmilkwhite shop by what you want to make bark cake pops chocolate dipped caramel apples chocolate covered strawberries chocolate covered bananas chocolate fountain dipped items with a thick coating of chocolate dipped items with a thin coating of chocolate fondue chocolate fudge ganache molded chocolate candy truffle or bon bon shell/coating turtles/clusters the chocoley chocolate difference all chocoley brand chocolate: ✔ is peanut free, tree nut free, egg free and gluten free/celiac safe  get more allergy information ✔ contains no hydrogenated oils ✔ is certified akc kosher dairy ✔ is made with ethically traded ingredients ✔ is crafted in the finest belgian tradition ✔ is proudly made in america gourmet compound chocolate bada bing bada boom candy & molding formulabada bing bada boom dipping & coating formuladrizzle & design chocolatecouverture & ultra couverture chocolate v125 indulgence couverture chocolateindulgence ultra couverture dipping & enrobing chocolatefountain & fondue chocolate just melt it! fountain & fondue chocolatehigh viscosity (thicker formulas)low viscosity (thinner formulas)dark chocolatemilk chocolatewhite chocolatechocolate to make barkchocolate to make cake popschocolate to make chocolate dipped caramel appleschocolate to make chocolate covered strawberrieschocolate to make chocolate covered bananaschocolate for a chocolate fountainchocolate for dipped items with thick coating of chocolatechocolate for dipped items with thin coating of chocolatefondue chocolatechocolate to make fudgechocolate to make ganachechocolate to make molded chocolate candychocolate for truffle or bon bon coatingchocolate for turtles/clusterscold pack shippingwholesale chocolateingredients shop by category caramel centers / candy fillings flavoring oils caramelcenters / candy fillingsflavoring oils make spectacular caramel apples chocoley caramel is mouthwatering and perfectly formulated for dipping apples. made with real butter and no trans fat oils! try chocoley caramel nowdecorating shop by category coloring oils powder colorants drizzle & design chocolate add a dash of color to your chocolate adding coloring oil to white chocolate is one of the best ways to decorate your creations! choose your colors now! coloring oilsdecorative toppings gourmet sanding sugarsjimmies-sprinklesnonpareil candy sprinklesdrizzle & design chocolatepowder colorantsgourmet kitchen shop by category aprons chocolate fondue sets chocolate tools dipping tools tempering stones thermometers bakeware & cookware melters/warmers a chocolate thermometer is an essential in every chocolate kitchen choose a thermometer now! apronsbakeware & cookwarechocolate fondue setschocolate toolsdipping toolsmelters/warmerstempering stonesthermometersmolds chocolate molds by material plastic sheet molds polycarbonate molds molds by shape awareness ribbons bows hearts round square & rectangular stars molds by finished product bars general designs truffles dessert cups lollipop/sucker filled centers bark boxes dessert cups filigree mints pretzelsandwich cookies chocopicks 3-d molds by occasion anniversary baby/baby shower baptism/christening birthday communioncongratulations graduation quinceañera sweet 16 wedding/bridal shower molds by holiday christmas easter father's day fourth of july halloween hanukkah mother's day new years st. patrick's day thanksgiving valentines molds by theme animals beach/ocean breast cancer awarenesscelebration christianespecially for you fall/autumn flowers/trees food gifts irish jewish just for fun kids letter & number love/romance masonicmoney themedmusic patriotic performing arts political sports spring summer thank youtools tropical/luau turtles winter plastic sheet moldspolycarbonate moldscast aluminum moldsshop candy molds by finished product type barsgeneral designstruffleslollipop/suckerfilled centersbarkboxesdessert cupsmintspretzelchocopicks3-dshop candy molds by shape awareness ribbonsbowsheartsroundsquare & rectangularstarsshop candy molds by occasion anniversarybaby/baby showerbaptism/christeningbirthdaycommuniongraduationquinceañeraretirementsweet 16wedding/bridal showershop candy molds by holiday christmaseasterfather's dayfourth of julyhalloweenhanukkahmother's daynew yearsst. patrick's daythanksgivingvalentinesshop candy molds by theme animalsbeach/oceanbreast cancer awarenesscelebrationchristianfall/autumnflowers/treesfoodgiftsirishjewishjust for funkidsletter & numberlove/romancemusicalpatrioticperforming artspoliticalsportsspringsummertoolstropical/luauturtleswinter filigreemasonicmoney themed candy moldscongratulationsespecially for youthank yousandwich cookiessupplies shop by category caramel apple supplies molding supplies forks, sticks & skewers sucker/lollipop supplies dipping supplies heavy weight dipping sheets/box liners squeeze bottles paper candy cups foil candy wrappers shop for chocolate fountain supplies bowl scrapers wooden cocktail forks bamboo skewers caramel apple supplieschocolate fountain suppliesdipping suppliesfoil candy wrappersforks, sticks & skewers heavy weight dipping sheets/box linersmolding suppliespaper candy cupssqueeze bottlessucker/lollipop suppliespackaging shop by category ballotin candy boxes candy bar mold & packaging sets candy cups cello & plastic bags foil wrappers rigid candy boxes ballotin candy boxescandy "build-a-bar" setscandy cupscello & plastic bagsfoil wrappersrigid candy boxes candy "build-a-bar" sets homemade chocolate candy bars made easy get candy bar sets nowkits shop by category caramel apple kits caramel apple kitschocolate house kits chocolate dipped caramel apple kits see caramel apple kits home why chocoley? why chocoley? at chocoley your happiness is not only our number one concern, it’s also the basis for every decision we make—about everything. around here we live by something we like to call the “platinum rule”—treat customers how they want to be treated. your first chocoley experience is the beginning of what we will strive to make a life-long relationship. we understand that customer relationships take work from the minute you find us, and forever on. and we believe it’s our responsibility to over deliver above and beyond your expectations at every place we can, every single time you choose to come to us. quality one of our founding principles was that every single item we sell has to be high quality or we won’t carry it. period. almost a decade later we still live by that rule. we make sure that everything on our website is something we would be excited to use in our own kitchens and for our creations. from our chocolate to our molds, our caramel to our cream centers to our dipping tools, and all the way down to our chocolate candy cups and bamboo skewers, you can rest assured that if we carry it, it’s going to be a high quality item. when it comes to ingredients, we know your creations are a reflection of who you are. you deserve to be seen by the world in the most positive light possible. we also think the chocolate we sell is the clearest reflection to the world of who we are. these things put together tell you why we searched high and low for the perfect ingredients, manufacturing processes and flavor profiles for every single chocolate product we sell – couverture and gourmet compound alike. all of our chocolate products are made using a select grade of cocoa beans from the finest cacao growing regions of the world. all of the other ingredients – from milk to sugar and everything in between—are rich and pure. and each flavor of every line of chocolate was meticulously taste tested, and chosen for its appeal to the sensitive north american palette. the result of such care in selecting our products ensures that every chocolate we offer with our name on its label has a smooth, creamy consistency and luscious flavor that makes even the world’s most discerning chocoholics and foodies rejoice in pleasure. we think it's important to be able to pronounce the name of everything you put into your body and are constantly working to ensure that all chocoley brand products have the cleanest ingredient label we can offer.  we are proud that all products that carry the chocoley brand name contain no hydrogenated oils (this even includes our gourmet compound chocolates!). our couverture products (including our dark and milk just melt it! fountain & fondue chocolate) were scientifically developed for a proper melting and the easiest tempering experience possible, and are manufactured using the finest traditional belgian processes. our gourmet compound products (including just melt it! white) were developed to break through the compound chocolate stereotype, and are manufactured using a highly advanced new kind of belgian manufacturing process for the 21st century. we consider our line of compound chocolate products to be our own living proof that you can have your cake and eat it too (in this case, spectacularly delicious chocolate that’s easy enough to use that even beginners can work with it and get professional quality results). while all of our chocolate products are made using the exact same cocoa beans, ingredients and processes that they would use in belgium, we are proud that we have made sure that it is all made right here in america (along with all of our other edible products). this helps us to control for quality (chocolate is pretty sensitive in transit cross continents!), and in today’s world of outsourcing, we think it’s important to keep as many jobs as possible right here at home in the united states. options to fit your individual needs we’re often asked why we offer so many choices in the chocolates we carry. the answer is simple: one size does not fit all when it comes to chocolate. we know you’re an individual or business and you have your own needs. that’s why we want to make sure that we have something that will fit any specific application you have, without the need to alter the chocolate in order to use it. when we set out to develop the perfect chocolate company we talked to a lot of people who make chocolate and learned a lot about chocoholics really fast. we learned that there are those people that need something quick and easy (that still tastes great) so we went on a mission to find a gourmet compound chocolate that would fit this requirement. and we learned that there are others who are more than happy to do the work (or love the experience of) tempering, in return for the precious rewards, so we went on a mission to find the perfect lines of couverture chocolates for them. we dug a bit deeper and learned that viscosity of chocolate—or thickness in a melted state—is really important when it comes to making chocolate creations (and chocolate fountains). it didn’t take long for us to see that there was a major hole in the chocolate market that needed to be filled by thin (low viscosity) chocolates that don’t need to be thinned in order to work with them. we regularly heard from people from coast-to-coast who would tell us that they hated adding additional ingredients or oil or wax that dilutes the purity of the chocolate. since there are plenty of applications where a thick chocolate is required, and plenty of applications where a thin chocolate is required, we decided we needed to offer both a high viscosity (thick) chocolate line and a low viscosity (thin) chocolate line in both our couverture and gourmet compound candy making families. this way, no matter what, there is an option to fit your needs. and of course, last but not least, is flavor. everyone likes their chocolate a different level of sweet or dark, milk or white, so within each line of chocolate we have made sure to offer multiple flavor options just for you. and if you want to add a twist (raspberry or cheesecake, perhaps?) we’ve got a huge selection of flavoring oils for you to do just that. we’re in it for the long haul with you we want a lifelong relationship with you, so beyond what you’re buying, we think the actual experience of buying and getting your chocolate is just as important. we care so much that every person we hire – from the person answering the phones, to the person processing your internet order, to the person packing your box -- has one primary objective: blow you away with their commitment to you. we care so much about your entire experience that we challenge you to find another chocolate supply company on the planet who takes as many steps to ensure your happiness (seriously, try! we bet you can't!). while getting you your order as fast as possible is a top priority, making sure it’s right and arrives in perfect condition is just as important to us. from double checking the method of shipping you selected to make sure it’s the fastest possible delivery for the amount of money you paid, to checking your weather to make sure your chocolate won’t arrive melted, we’re thinking about you the second your order hits our computer server. we’ve been doing this for a lot of years and have sent tens of thousands of chocolate orders all over the continent, so we have a pretty good idea of what people order together and what is a typical “new-to-chocolate” (or new to chocoley) order mistake. that’s why we do our best to take a moment to look at every single order that comes in to double check that the combination of items makes sense together -- if something seems abnormal don’t be surprised if we give you a call just to make sure you have the right items for what you want to make and that we don’t need to switch anything out for you! the team pulling and packing orders in back goes through a double-check process to make sure your order contains the correct items. they then make extra sure that every single item is meticulously packed in a way that it is protected and arrives in pristine condition. don’t be surprised when you open your box and find every detail was considered, down to the level of individually wrapped plastic sheet molds, carefully protected from bangs and scratches in transit. and if for any reason after all of our checks and balances and attention to the details something somehow arrives wrong, just tell us. we’ll fix it. because that’s how we know you want to be treated, and like we said at the beginning, your happiness is all that matters to us. a commitment to ethical trading & social responsibility we believe that owning company is about more than just turning a profit and keeping your customers happy – it’s also about making sure that everyone who is involved in bringing your customers great products is treated ethically and fairly. in an industry rife with human rights violations like the chocolate industry is, this is especially important. we work closely with our chocolate ingredient suppliers to ensure that all ingredients in the chocoley chocolate supply chain meet or exceed a strict set of ethical trading criteria so that you can rest assured that when you purchase chocoley products you are not enjoying your chocolate at expense of poor farmers in the developing world. the long list of ethical standards that all suppliers of cacao (and all other ingredients) used in chocoley brand chocolate products must meet include (but are not limited to): - no use of slavery, child labor or abusive labor practices. - no physical abuse, psychological abuse, verbal abuse, sexual harassment, or any other form of intimidation is permitted in the workplace and working hours are not excessive. - workers are entitled to a contract of employment written in a language they understand. - there is absolutely no forced labor and people are free to leave their employer. - wages and benefits paid for work delivered meet national legal minimum standards or higher. - no discrimination at the workplace in hiring, compensation or retirement benefits as a result of: ethnic background, class, religion, culture, age, disability, gender, marital status, sexual orientation, political affiliation or nationality. we are also committed to ensuring that our u.s. based employees receive a livable wage, no matter what their position. as a part of this commitment, all positions working at chocoley have a starting wage at least 50% higher than the legal minimum wage in the u.s. or the state of georgia. we're so confident you're going to love chocoley that we have an amazing satisfaction guarantee about chocoley our story why chocoley testimonials wholesale chocolate program locations + contacts careers stay connected with 866-528-5252 info@chocoley.com telephone hours: mon - fri 11 am - 7 pm (est) office / warehouse hours: mon - fri 11 am - 7 pm (est) about chocoley our story why chocoley testimonials location + contacts careers vip membership & wholesale information vip membership program info wholesale chocolate program (for businesses utilizing chocolate) customer service my account check order status return policy satisfaction guarantee security of your data shipping information fyi allergen information kosher information faq which chocolate do i need? recipes resources blog product instructions gift certificates gift ideas copyright © chocoley llc privacy policy terms of use