来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20111228120433/http://www.aircompressorsdirect.com/privacy.php
================================================================================

privacy policy @ air compressors direct.com - your online air compressor superstore power equipment direct air compressors direct chain saws direct electric generators direct lawn mowers direct log splitters direct pressure washers direct snow blowers direct sump pumps direct water pumps direct more 0 home » privacy notice select gradeconsumercontractorcommercial select styleinflatorspancakehot dogtwin-stacksingle stage (portable)single stage (stationery)wheelbarrowtruck mounttwo stage (stationery)rotary screwdc compressors select sizetankless1-5 gallons6-9 gallons10-19 gallons20-29 gallons30 gallons60 gallons80 gallons120 gallons200 gallons select brandairmanbelairecampbell hausfeldchicago pneumaticdewalteagleemaxfs-curtishitachihulkindustrial airindustrial air contractoringersoll randiron horsejennylaplantemaxairmi-t-moasis manufacturingporter cablepowermateprofessional woodworkerproforcepumaquincyrockfordrolairslimespeedwayviairwagan 458 air compressormodels shop by brand all brands shop by style inflators 12-volt 120-volt cordless hand-carry pancake hot dog twin-stack dc compressors portable horizontal vertical professional portable gas wheelbarrow truck mount medical/dental reciprocating single-stage two-stage quiet two-stage rotary screw no air dryer built-in dryer other consumer contractor commercial oil free shop by size 0-6 gallons inflators pancake hot dog twin-stack tankless 7-9 gallons portable wheelbarrow 20-29 gallons horizontal vertical 30 gallons truck mount 60 gallons single-stage two-stage rotary screw 80 gallons single-stage two-stage rotary screw 120+ gallons two-stage rotary screw shop by cfm 0-6 cfm inflators hand-carry portable professional 7-13 cfm portable professional reciprocating rotary screw 14-20 cfm professional reciprocating rotary screw 21-30 cfm professional reciprocating rotary screw 31-74 cfm reciprocating rotary screw 75+ cfm reciprocating rotary screw other less than 1 cfm 1 - 3 cfm 4 - 5 cfm 6 - 15 cfm 16 - 25 cfm 26+ cfm air tools air tool kits air hammers caulk guns cleaning guns cutting tools die grinders drills grease guns impact wrenches nailers ratchets sandblasters sanders screwdrivers spray guns staplers accessories accessory kits air delivery air dryers air hoses air tanks battery chargers cordless tools filters fuel cells extension cords gas cans lubricators nails pumps regulators staples tire gauges tire sealants valves welders air compressors direct is your online gas and electric air compressor superstore!we offer a wide selection of portable air compressors and industrial air compressors from ingersoll rand, campbell hausfeld, chicago pneumatic, maxus, puma, quincy and senco. privacy notice privacy policy - power equipment direct, inc. 1) general power equipment direct, inc. respects the privacy of every individual who visits our websites or responds to our guestbooks, contests, or interactive advertisements. this privacy statement outlines the information power equipment direct will collect and how we will use that information. this statement will inform you what to do if you do not want your personal information to be shared or divulged when you visit a power equipment direct website or respond to our advertising. power equipment direct reserves the right to change this policy at any time by posting a new privacy policy at this location, and your continued use of our website indicates your acceptance of such changed terms. 2) personally- identifiable information power equipment direct will not collect any personally-identifiable information about you (that is your name, address, telephone number, or email address) unless you provide it voluntarily and knowingly. if you do not want your personally - identifiable information collected do not submit it to us. if you do submit personally identifiable information, we will use it in the following ways, unless stated otherwise: · we may store and process that information to better understand your needs and how we can improve our product offerings and services. · we may use that information to contact you. · we will not give or sell your individual information to any outside company for its use in marketing or solicitation · will maintain the confidentiality of your personal information, and it will only be used to support your relationship with power equipment direct and its web sites. unfortunately, we cannot ensure that all of your private communications and other personally identifiable information will never be disclosed in ways not otherwise described in this privacy statement. by way of example (without limiting the foregoing), we may be forced to disclose information to the government or third parties under certain circumstances, or third parties may unlawfully intercept or access transmissions or private communications. we can (and you authorize us to) disclose any information about you to law enforcement or other government officials as we, in our sole discretion, believe necessary or appropriate, in connection with an investigation of fraud, intellectual property infringements, or other activity that is illegal or may expose us to legal liability. therefore, although we will protect your privacy as described in this privacy policy, we do not promise, and you should not expect, that all your personally identifiable information or private communications will remain private. 3) children (under thirteen) power equipment direct, inc. has no intention of collecting any personally identifiable information (that is your name, address, telephone number, or email address) from individuals under thirteen years of age through this website. the power equipment direct websites that do collect information from children do so in accordance with the privacy policies located at such websites. please review such privacy policies when entering those sites. if a child has provided us with personally identifiable information a parent or guardian should contact us at the e-mail address listed at the bottom of this statement if they want this information to be deleted from the records. we will use all reasonable efforts to delete the child's information from our existing files. 4) non- personally - identifiable information collected automatically in some cases, we may collect information about you that is not personally-identifiable. examples of this type of information include the internet browser you a using, the type of operating system, and the domain name of the website which linked you to our site. when you view one of our websites, we may store information from time to time on your computer. these \"cookies\" allow us to tailor a website or advertisement to better match your interests and preferences. with most internet browsers you can block, receive a warning or erase all \"cookies\" from your hard drive. please refer to your browser instructions or help screen to learn more about these functions. we also collect an ip address from all visitors to our website. an ip address is a number that is automatically assigned to your computer when you use the internet. we use ip addresses to help diagnose problems with our server, administer our website, analyze trends, track users' movement, gather broad demographic information for aggregate use in order for us to improve the site, and deliver customized, personalized content. ip addresses are also not linked to personally identifiable information. 5) opting out of receiving communications from us air compressors direct, inc. may send you communications regarding its services, its websites or otherwise. air compressors direct provides you the opportunity to opt-out of receiving such communications by indicating your desire to opt-out. if you would like to opt out of receiving communications from us please email us at service@aircompressorsdirect.com. 6) correcting or updating information at any time, you can view, update and/or remove your account information. upon your request, we will also remove any other personally identifying information we may retain from our databases. to make any such changes or requests, please email us at service@aircompressorsdirect.com. additional residual information may remain in our archives and records, but this information will not be used for any commercial purpose. we reserve the right to maintain information on users who have violated our terms of use or who have had their access to our website blocked. 7) security: all information provided to power equipment direct is transmitted using thawte certified encryption. thawte is a proven coding system that lets your browser automatically encrypt, or scramble, data before you send it to us. we also protect your information by placing it on a secure portion of our website that is only accessible by certain qualified employees of power equipment direct. unfortunately, however, no data transmission over the internet is 100% secure. while we strive to protect your information, we cannot ensure or warrant the security of such information. 8) other web sites: power equipment direct, inc. websites contains links to other websites. please note that when you click on one of these links, you are entering another website for which power equipment direct has no responsibility. we encourage you to read the privacy statements on all such sites as their policies may be different than ours. also, you may have entered this website from an unrelated third party website. likewise, power equipment direct has no responsibility for such third party websites and you should review their privacy statements. 9) contacting power equipment direct: if you have any questions about this privacy statement, the practices of this website, or your dealings with this website, you can contact: power equipment direct, inc. 1325 rodeo drive bolingbrook, il 60490 you can also send an e-mail to service@aircompressorsdirect.com. thank you. contact us where do you use your air compressor?around the housein the garageon the jobat the shop [ results | polls ]14688 votes air compressors direct announces best rotary 120 gallon compressors read more air compressors direct is your online portable air compressor and air compressor tool superstore. we carry a wide selection of electric compressors, pancake compressors, rotary screw compressors, single stage compressors, two stage compressors, honda air compressors, air compressor tools and air compressor accessories from campbell hausfeld, chicago pneumatic, emax, ingersoll rand, jenny, puma, senco and quincy. follow @powerequipment our story news center job opportunities become a vendor polls meet our expert new products buyer's guide how-to library customer reviews recommendations contact us order tracking privacy policy return policy service centers technical support weekly special closeout central scratch & dent bulk purchase paper check discount gift guide call to order(866) 437-8002 © 2012 power equipment direct, inc.