来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20111219080127/http://www.ritani.com/testimonials
================================================================================

custom designer engagement rings by ritani | testimonials ritani login register live help b2b login engagement rings view all » endless love ® floral by ritani ® modern engagement rings classic engagement rings romantique ® men's bands anadaré ® bella vita ® the ritani setting ® masterwork ritani for forevermark wedding bands view all » eternity bands all mens bands mens classic bands mens modern bands fine jewelry bracelets earrings pendants retailers media concierge why ritani endless love floral modern rings classic rings romantique men's bands anadaré bella vita ritani setting masterwork ritani for forevermark testimonials submit your testimonial » when searching for the perfect engagement ring, i found that ritani produces the most unique and visually stunning rings. the fine craftsmanship quality of the ring is far superior to any other ring that i looked at while engagement ring shopping. i ended up choosing the endless love style. when i gave the ring to her, it was too big, but the wonderful staff at ritani made exchanging the ring a pleasure. the staff is so knowledgeable and eager to please! by anthony mancuso on tue, jan 11th 2011, 13:50 my name is karen newman and i live in jaksonville, fl. at the time, my “boyfriend “ matt and i entered the underwood’s diamond dash to win a ritani endless love round 1.54 ct diamond engagement ring on a whim (thanks to a friend!) and put all our prayers and focus on winning. we only told a few people, in fear that we would jinx our selves. we rode a tandem (double-bike) alllll around downtown jacksonville, putting blood, sweat, and tears into the most intense, physically, emotionally, and mentally challenging task we have ever been apart of! for 3 hours we yelled, pedaled, and ran all over accumulating points as we correctly answered “clues” around town. some clues were as simple as “go to 136 bay st. and tell us the name of the square.” (although, ironically, that was our first clue and we got that answer wrong!) other clues were as complicated as “how many times can you spell “underwood” with the letters on the plaque of the civil war hero statue in the middle of the fountain of hemming plaza.” this of course prompted matt to jump into the fountain to see it more clearly, and i followed. after 3 hours, we received a message to report back to the starting line. matt said that “we left it all on the field” and we felt exhausted and somewhat defeated, unsure of our selves. but yet we knew it was nearly impossible that anyone else tried as hard as we had. we found out we had earned 371 points, but had no clue what that meant. other teams were chatting about how many points they had back at the start, so naturally matt could not listen to the hype, and we went and sat far away from anyone for about an hour. finally, it was time for the results. they called out 6th place, 5th place…all the way to 2nd place and still we were not called. they announced that the winner of the 1st prize diamond ring would be announced via text message. this of course caused matt to pull out his phone and both of us stared at it with disbelief, because in what felt like 10 hours, probably more like 5 seconds, a text message popped up saying “please come up on stage to receive your last clue!” we both freaked out, which news cameras captured on tape. mr. bromberg handed us the ring and matt and i felt like we were in a dream! matt didn’t pop the question at the “dash.” the drive home was a long one, mostly silent and sitting in amazement that we won a ring!!!! matt dropped me off to take a shower and (sneakily) went and asked my parents if that was “ok.” we went to the brick for dinner and then he took me to yacht club’s dock, where we went on our first date. we sat for a while, and when we stood up to leave, he asked me to marry him!! matt and i feel so blessed from everything that has happened and all the loving support that we have surrounding us! needless to say, we have quite a story…! we absolutely love my ring and i will never forget the way we won it. we will be getting married on april 2, 2011 and i can’t wait to wear my ritani endless love diamond wedding band with my engagement ring! by karen newman on fri, sep 17th 2010, 08:25 when my fiance proposed with a “blank band solitaire” it allowed me to choose something that i would really want to wear forever—and i exchanged that band for a ritani. after looking through, what i’m sure have ammounted to thousands of rings, i decided on this one from your “modern engagement ring” collection. i like it because it’s simple without being plain, and beatifully frosted without being overwhelming. i added millgrain to the ring, because i wanted to give it more of an “antiqued” feeling. it was the only ring in the 1,000 of rings that i looked at, that i truly felt was “me.” here is my ring, minus the milgrain: http://www.ritani.com/products/view/524/in_collection/4 i am excited, as i will be ordering the matching band in the next few days with millgrain. the band: http://www.ritani.com/products/view/1102 our wedding has been a delayed disaster, due to medical issues (stemming from a broken foot), and i can’t wait to unite the two, perfect, matching pieces next july. and, by that, i mean my fiance and i, as well as my perfect rings. by kelsey scharff on fri, sep 17th 2010, 08:24 i think that ritani engagement rings and wedding bands are absolutely beautiful. i took my fiance to look at engagement rings in december of 2008 and she came across the endless love ring. she instantly fell in love with it. she didn’t even look at any other designers because she knew it was the one she wanted. i immediately purchased the ring within the next couple of weeks. recently we both got our wedding bands and we didn’t go far because we knew we wanted to get both the wedding bands with ritani. she ended up getting the endless love band to match her engagement ring and i went with the modern wedding band. thank you ritani for providing the best and most beautiful rings for us to enjoy forever. by joseph martinez on mon, mar 29th 2010, 13:10 when my fiance proposed i was speechless… not only because he was asking me to spend the rest of my life with him but also because the ring was ritani and it looked amazing in the box (and soon on my finger!). my girlfriends do a terrible job at covering up their jealousy and i know that i am really a lucky, lucky girl to have netted a great guy who not only is my best friend but also has great taste in rings. i will always cherish my ritani engagement ring (http://ritani.com/products/view/450/in_category/1) and can’t wait to add a wedding band to it! by deanne on sun, jan 10th 2010, 22:51 my husband got me an endless love engagement ring as a replacement wedding ring for our 15th anniversary. i just love it – it is so beautiful. i looked in so many places, and at so many rings, but nothing had the personality and uniqueness of this ring. i will cherish it always. by maryam medina on tue, sep 29th 2009, 13:03 i’ve been married for about a year now….love the detail of my “ritani setting” engagement ring… the basket of diamonds, the heart prongs… these are the small details that i fell in love with. strangers comment on how they love the ring… then i share why i love it more… with the smail details… and they are just amazed how beautiful the ring is. thank you so much for creating a ring that is so fabulous! by karen s. lamport on sun, aug 30th 2009, 00:55 i absolutely love my ritani engagement ring. i found a ritani ring with a round center stone and trillion side stones on each side that i fell in love with. we already had a marquise diamond from his grandmother, so we had ritani build the same ring around our diamond and it couldn’t be more perfect! by krissie on wed, jun 17th 2009, 14:38 dear ritani, i just purchased you endless love micro pave with half moon sapphires. i am single and had a round diamond that i wanted to have re-set, but didn’t want something that looked too engagement ringish. this setting is just perfect! i absolutely love it. it exhudes class. sincerely, amanda, bastrop, tx by amanda roman on sun, nov 23rd 2008, 15:53 i am absolutely in love with my engagement ring! it is a bezel set oval cut blue sapphire center stone surrounded with micropave’ diamonds and single row of diamonds down the shank. i feel like a princess in it. it is the most beautiful piece of jewelry i have ever seen. thank you!!! thank you!!! thank you!!! by yana martova on wed, nov 12th 2008, 07:35 my husband and i always planned to re-mount my original engagement ring for our 10th anniversary. i did not expect to completely fall in love with this ritani setting. so, instead, we decided two years early was close enough to order a new setting for our 8th anniversary. i could not believe my own reaction when i picked up this stunning ring. i did not think the feeling of being newly engaged could be recaptured! in the short time i have had my new setting, i have received numerous adulations and dozens of speechless stares. the graduated diamond shank is a perfect complement to my original brilliant round center stone. thanks ritani for offering such a fabulous design. by mrs. gordon on mon, may 5th 2008, 14:09 i got engaged last june and not a day goes by where someone, friend or stranger, doesn’t compliments me on my beautiful ring. people, young and old, men and women, all call it “stunning” and “just beautiful”. getting engaged is a wonderful experience in itself, but looking at my engagement ring every day and just admiring at how pretty it is makes it that much more fun! i am a lucky girl to have such a unique token of love. i have a cushion cut diamond, surrounded by 66 smaller diamonds in the endless love platinum setting. people often ask me if it is an antique or estate piece of jewelry. it is gorgeous and elegant and i couldn’t ask for a prettier center stone and setting. thank you ritani! i cannot wait to get my matching wedding band!! by meridith on tue, apr 29th 2008, 14:21 i just love the ritani band i received for my 5 year wedding anniversary. i never thought i would ever get this band. i went my local jeweler several times to try it on and just fell in love with it at first sight. i can’t express how thrilled i am to finally own something from ritani. my friends and family are so jealous! by -jmk on fri, apr 11th 2008, 14:00 i got engaged!!! and i have to say that the ring is soooo beautiful and more than i could have dreamed of. when i suggested a specific ritani ring that i saw in a wedding magazine i was wondering if my boyfriend was even paying attention. well he was apparently because 3 months later he surprised me(surprised!!) me with the exact ring that i wanted. and it is absolutely gorgeous!! in fact i was at the mall this weekend in macy’s and the girl at the register saw my ring and gasped saying how much she loved that engagement ring and that she wanted her boyfriend to get the same one for her. she even knew it was a ritani right away! thanks ritani, for helping to make my engagement so perfect! vaughan by vaughan pursell on fri, apr 11th 2008, 08:50 my wife loved her engagement & wedding ring set that i got from you guys. it’s exactly what she wanted. i can’t thank you guys enough for making my wife and i happy with your fabulous rings. thanks, ritani by juan sambade on thu, apr 10th 2008, 17:08 i love my engagement ring sooooo much. there is not a day that goes by where someone men, women, young, old, doesn’t compliment me on my engagement ring. i have a radiant cut stone, with half moon side stones, and micropave diamonds around the band and each stone. just absolutely stunning. i posted a picture of my ring on theknot.com and it gets so many views and comments. thanks, ritani by rashante harris on wed, apr 9th 2008, 23:40 © 2011 ritani. all rights reserved. warranty • blog • resources • brochure • privacy • sitemap • contact & faq • testimonials • mailing list facebook twitter share this website by lithyem industries