来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20121230061216/http://www.ritani.com/diamonds/diamond-inventory?frm=nav
================================================================================

search for your perfect diamond | ritani 1.888.202.0805 or chat now sign in find a jeweler contact us cart your shopping cart is empty. continue shopping free shipping both ways 30-day, no-risk returns learn about the ritani difference diamonds diamonds ritani diamond cutters have perfected the art and science of sparkle. search diamond inventory learn the 4cs of diamonds ritani reserve diamonds virtual gemologist engagement rings engagement rings ritani crafts extraordinary engagement rings that she's sure to love. browse engagement rings design your own ring custom ring design services engagement ring buying guide fine jewelry fine jewelry she'll notice the details. ritani artistry is visible at every angle. wedding rings earrings bracelets necklaces & pendants our story the ritani story the ritani heritage is one of artisan craftsmanship. science of sparkle see it in person the ritani difference education & guidance close experience the ritani difference real diamond videos & free expert consultations. see your item before you buy at a see-in-person jeweler. returns are free, insured, and collected at your door. free fedex priority overnight shipping. learn more designed & handcrafted in ny since 1999 1choose a diamond 2choose a ring 3add to cart or favorites choose a unique diamond to make your ritani engagement ring one-of-a-kind. see our diamond inventory browse dozens of styles in platinum or gold, or create a custom look. see our engagement rings add to cart to purchase or see your item in person with one of our partner jewelers. hide home/diamonds/ diamond inventory see the differencediamond videos free guidance from a gemologist learn more 0 diamonds selected shapehelp? diamond shape has a dramatic effect on the look of your ring. round is most traditional and like most diamond shapes, offers a beautiful random pattern of sparkle. princess-cut diamonds are very popular as well and offer the most sparkle of the square-shaped stones. emerald and asscher are preferred by those who appreciate their geometric symmetry. note that other diamond shapes are generally less expensive than round diamonds, because they enable the diamond cutter to spare more of the diamond rough. learn more diamond shapes tip: the round diamond is by far the most popular shape and is the shape most people think of when they imagine a diamond. the most popular fancy shape of diamond is the princess cut. round princess emerald asscher oval marquise cushion radiant pear pricehelp? a diamond’s price is based on several factors. the price of the diamond is determined based on the quality of the four cs, polish, symmetry, fluorescence, and the lab which created its grading certificate. diamond price cut considerations consider that a diamond with a cut graded ideal costs approximately 15%-25% more than a diamond with a fair-cut grade. color considerations if you’re going to set your diamond in yellow gold, a g-, h-, or i-grade clarity will look the same as a d-, e-, or f- grade because any color in the diamond will be unnoticeable once it’s in set in gold. clarity considerations flawless diamonds, those graded fl or if, are extremely rare and command a premium. many prefer that their diamond be simply clean to the unaided eye or ‘eye clean.’ ritani only carries diamonds that are eye clean. carat considerations paired with cut, carat is one of the primary drivers of a diamond’s price. for those interested in large diamonds consider trade-offs in clarity, opting for an eye clean diamond instead of a flawless one, or a lower color grade. alternatively, a halo setting can create the illusion of a greater overall diamond size and intensify the sparkle. to carathelp? carat weight is a measure of the diamond’s weight and a relative measure of size. carat weight determines a diamond’s weight, and can help you understand the relative size of your diamond. notice how a 1 carat diamond is not twice the size of a ½ carat diamond, when viewed in a ring. be sure that your diamond has high-quality color, clarity, and especially cut to ensure it has beautiful sparkle. learn more diamond carat weight to cuthelp? cut has the most impact on sparkle. the traditional diamond cut was originally crafted, and has been continually refined to return the most light back to your eyes as beautiful sparkle. look for diamonds in the reserve ideal, ideal, very good, and good cut grade – the higher the grade, the more the diamond will sparkle. diamonds with these cut grades are some of the rarest diamonds available. learn more diamond cut grades ritani reserve ideal cut represents the top 1% of diamonds and have been graded by either the agsl or gia and have received the finest cut-grade available. this guarantees they are cut to maximize beauty, not carat weight, and will look gorgeous when viewed in a ring. ideal cut represents roughly the top 5% of all diamonds, and produces the most sparkle. an exquisite and rare cut that can be found only in round-shaped diamonds. very good cut represents roughly the top 15% of diamonds. differences between this and an ideal cut may be indistinguishable to the naked eye. good cut represents roughly the top 30% of diamonds. still some of the most brilliant diamonds available. diamonds with cut graded fair or poor are not available from ritani, as they are cut to preserve diamond weight rather than create maximum sparkle. reserve ideal ideal very good good colorhelp? colorlessness ensures your diamond will have the brightest sparkle. diamond color comes naturally, but the most beautiful sparkle is found in diamonds with the least color, or the highest degree of “whiteness.” color is easily detectable to the eye, so choose a diamond that is colorless or near-colorless. learn more diamond color grades d - e - f diamonds graded d, e, or f are considered colorless in that any color visible within these diamonds can only be identified in special laboratory tests. these diamonds will have the “whitest” sparkle. g - h - i - j considered near-colorless. the slight color in these diamonds is virtually impossible to see with the unaided eye. when comparing the sparkle of these diamonds to a diamond with a colorless grade, they are nearly indistinguishable without magnification. diamonds color graded g-j are excellent for yellow gold settings – the slight color of the diamond will be masked by the warm glow of the metal. d e f g h i j clarityhelp? clarity ensures your diamond will have a beautifully clean sparkle. a diamond is graded for clarity based on the organic identifiers found within a diamond that make it naturally unique. these identifiers, called “inclusions” range in size and number. look for clarity grades in the fl, if, vvs1, vvs2, vs1, and vs2 to ensure the inclusions do not affect the beauty of your diamond. learn more diamond clarity grades fl - flawless. no internal or external inclusions. a rare diamond. if - internally flawless. it has no internal imperfections. again, a very rare diamond. vvs1 - very, very slightly included 1. the inclusions in this diamond cannot typically be seen with the unaided eye. vvs2 - very, very slightly included 2. the inclusions in this diamond may be considered more significant than a vvs1, but they are still typically not visible to the unaided eye. vs1, vs2, si1, si2, i - very slightly included to included. fl if vvs1 vvs2 vs1 vs2 si1 si2 polishhelp? perfect polish – handcrafted by experts the polish grade refers to the quality of craftsmanship of the diamond, specifically the smoothness of the facets (wheel marks, like the one seen in this photo, should be polished smooth) and the crispness of the edges. ritani carries only diamonds that have polish graded "good," "very good," or "excellent." learn more diamond polish grades in the polishing process, the polishing wheel can leave marks. on a well-polished diamond, these marks are polished out. gia agsl ex id vg vg, ex g g symmetryhelp? symmetry is one of the most important factors affecting a diamond’s sparkle. diamond symmetry the symmetry grade refers to how perfectly the facets and angles of the diamond align to reflect and sparkle. ritani carries only diamonds that have symmetry graded "good," "very good," or "excellent/ideal." gia agsl ex id vg vg, ex g g fluorescencehelp? ultraviolet inspection ritani diamonds are graded inert, faint, negligible, medium, and strong. diamond fluorescence if a diamond has even a “faint” fluorescence grade, it will emit a soft colored glow under ultraviolet light. while this might be a fun special-effect, it has no effect on the sparkle of your diamond in typical lighting conditions. none faint medium strong very strong advanced options tablehelp? proportion counts with the right ratio between the diameter of the table and the diameter of the diamond, as you look down at the top of the diamond, it will produce the most sparkle. ritani only carries diamonds with table percentages that fall within this range, 53-70%. table percentage to depthhelp? proportion counts diamonds with a depth percentage that falls within the range of 54-66% are found to produce the most sparkle. the depth percentage of all ritani round diamonds falls within this range. depth percentage to culethelp? precision points for maximum sparkle. the culet is the point at the bottom of the diamond. sometimes this point has a small facet on it which can detract from the diamond’s sparkle. ritani carries only diamonds that have a culet that is graded none, very small, small, and medium for maximum sparkle. learn more the culet none very small small medium slightly large large l certifying agencyhelp? certified quality determines value. ritani offers diamonds certified by the agsl and gia, the industry’s two most respected diamond grading labs. learn more about diamond certification certifying agency the american gem society is based in las vegas, nevada, and has been certifying and grading diamonds for over 70 years. the gemological institute of america, headquartered in carlsbad, california, has been grading and certifying diamonds since 1931. gia agsl length/width ratiohelp? the shape of your diamond’s shape the length-to-width ratio is a comparison between the length and the width of the diamond as measured when viewing from above. a perfectly round diamond would measure equally 1-to-1, so its lxw ratio would measure as 1. you’ll find with fancy-shaped diamonds this measurement helps you understand how rectangular an emerald-cut diamond is, for example. length-to-width ratio to showing diamonds one moment please... please login welcome back to ritani. we’re glad you’ve returned. we’re ready to resume helping you. email password remember me forgot password? don’t have a ritani account? once you have an account you can: save your favorite jewelry, diamonds, and rings receive expert guidance from a non-commissioned gemologist schedule a see-in-person reservation for up to two loose diamonds or engagement rings create an account don't have an account? sign up here close new york san francisco atlanta dallas washington dc 30-day returns free shipping our warranty diamonds engagement rings wedding bands jewelry featured in: newsletter: about us sitemap terms & conditions privacy policy blog © 1999 - 2012 ritani all rights reserved your favorites