来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20131231101447/http://www.ritani.com/diamonds/diamond-inventory
================================================================================

search for your perfect diamond | ritani enjoy tax-free orders for a limited time6 months no interest financing with ge capital learn moreevery purchase includes a lifetime warranty learn more free shipping both ways 30-day returns shipping to | find a jeweler my account favorites account settings order status order status sign in sign out cart loading shopping cart… your shopping cart is empty. continue shopping 1.888.9ritani diamonds diamonds ritani diamond cutters have perfected the art and science of sparkle. search diamond inventory ritani reserve diamonds virtual gemologist more about diamonds browse by diamond shape learn the 4cs of diamonds recently purchased diamonds engagement rings engagement rings ritani crafts extraordinary engagement rings that she's sure to love. browse engagement rings create your own ring custom ring design services more about engagement rings engagement ring buying guide engagement rings by price engagement ring shapes wedding wedding classically styled ritani rings and bands for him and her. women's diamond rings women's plain wedding rings women's eternity rings men's wedding bands more about wedding rings learn about metals wedding ring buying guide jewelry fine jewelry she'll notice the details. ritani artistry is visible at every angle. earrings bracelets fashion rings necklaces & pendants design your own jewelry shop by material gold silver platinum gifts gifts a stunning selection to create the perfect expression. $100 & under $250 & under $750 & under exceptional gifts the ritani vault gift buying guide home/diamonds/ diamond inventory get help finding a superior diamondexpert help • reports • hd imagery learn about our virtual gemologist reset search delivery datehelp? free fedex shipping most ritani engagement rings can arrive at your door within 5-7 days. and with free fedex priority overnight your ring will arrive safe, insured, and right to your door. delivery date if you need your loose diamond or engagement ring very quickly, please indicate the date in the menu on the left-hand area of the page. we will filter our diamond inventory down to those that can arrive by the date indicated. to shop the full breadth of our inventory, select "any arrival date." should you have questions please don't hesitate to call. a ritani customer service agent would be happy to assist you in expediting your order. 1.888.9ritani - chat now any delivery date by january 7, tue by january 8, wed by january 9, thu by january 10, fri by january 13, mon by january 14, tue by january 8, wed by january 9, thu by january 10, fri by january 13, mon by january 14, tue by january 15, wed shapehelp? diamond shape has a dramatic effect on the look of your ring. round is most traditional and like most diamond shapes, offers a beautiful random pattern of sparkle. princess-cut diamonds are very popular as well and offer the most sparkle of the square-shaped stones. emerald and asscher are preferred by those who appreciate their geometric symmetry. note that other diamond shapes are generally less expensive than round diamonds, because they enable the diamond cutter to spare more of the diamond rough. learn more diamond shapes tip: the round diamond is by far the most popular shape and is the shape most people think of when they imagine a diamond. the most popular fancy shape of diamond is the princess cut. round princess emerald asscher oval marquise cushion radiant pear pricehelp? a diamond’s price is based on several factors. the price of the diamond is determined based on the quality of the four cs, polish, symmetry, fluorescence, and the lab which created its grading certificate. diamond price cut considerations consider that a diamond with a cut graded ideal costs approximately 15%-25% more than a diamond with a fair-cut grade. color considerations if you’re going to set your diamond in yellow gold, a g-, h-, or i-grade clarity will look the same as a d-, e-, or f- grade because any color in the diamond will be unnoticeable once it’s in set in gold. clarity considerations flawless diamonds, those graded fl or if, are extremely rare and command a premium. many prefer that their diamond be simply clean to the unaided eye or ‘eye clean.’ ritani only carries diamonds that are eye clean. carat considerations paired with cut, carat is one of the primary drivers of a diamond’s price. for those interested in large diamonds consider trade-offs in clarity, opting for an eye clean diamond instead of a flawless one, or a lower color grade. alternatively, a halo setting can create the illusion of a greater overall diamond size and intensify the sparkle. to prices shown in usd carathelp? carat weight is a measure of the diamond’s weight and a relative measure of size. carat weight determines a diamond’s weight, and can help you understand the relative size of your diamond. notice how a 1 carat diamond is not twice the size of a ½ carat diamond, when viewed in a ring. be sure that your diamond has high-quality color, clarity, and especially cut to ensure it has beautiful sparkle. learn more diamond carat weight to cuthelp? cut has the most impact on sparkle. the traditional diamond cut was originally crafted, and has been continually refined to return the most light back to your eyes as beautiful sparkle. look for diamonds in the reserve ideal, ideal, very good, and good cut grade – the higher the grade, the more the diamond will sparkle. diamonds with these cut grades are some of the rarest diamonds available. learn more diamond cut grades ritani reserve ideal cut represents the top 1% of diamonds and have been graded by either the agsl or gia and have received the finest cut-grade available. this guarantees they are cut to maximize beauty, not carat weight, and will look gorgeous when viewed in a ring. ideal cut represents roughly the top 5% of all diamonds, and produces the most sparkle. an exquisite and rare cut that can be found only in round-shaped diamonds. very good cut represents roughly the top 15% of diamonds. differences between this and an ideal cut may be indistinguishable to the naked eye. good cut represents roughly the top 30% of diamonds. still some of the most brilliant diamonds available. diamonds with cut grades of fair or poor are not available from ritani, as they are cut to preserve diamond weight rather than create maximum sparkle. reserve ideal ideal very good good colorhelp? colorlessness ensures your diamond will have the brightest sparkle. diamond color comes naturally, but the most beautiful sparkle is found in diamonds with the least color, or the highest degree of “whiteness.” color is easily detectable to the eye, so choose a diamond that is colorless or near-colorless. learn more diamond color grades d - e - f diamonds graded d, e, or f are considered colorless in that any color visible within these diamonds can only be identified in special laboratory tests. these diamonds will have the “whitest” sparkle. g - h - i - j considered near-colorless. the slight color in these diamonds is virtually impossible to see with the unaided eye. when comparing the sparkle of these diamonds to a diamond with a colorless grade, they are nearly indistinguishable without magnification. diamonds color graded g-j look beautiful in either white metals or yellow gold. white metals work very well with near-colorless diamonds, emphasizing their whiteness. yellow gold metals will mask any slight color by its warm glow. k - l the faint yellow in these diamonds is detectable in natural light, but this color is muted if set in yellow gold. k and l graded diamonds are a wise choice if you are trying to find a diamond with a larger carat weight for your budget. d e f g h i j k l clarityhelp? clarity ensures your diamond will have a beautifully clean sparkle. a diamond is graded for clarity based on the organic identifiers found within a diamond that make it naturally unique. these identifiers, called “inclusions” range in size and number. look for clarity grades in the fl, if, vvs1, vvs2, vs1, and vs2 to ensure the inclusions do not affect the beauty of your diamond. learn more diamond clarity grades fl - flawless. no inclusions or blemishes; an extremely rare diamond. if - internally flawless. no inclusions, only blemishes; a very rare diamond. vvs1 - very, very slightly included 1. inclusions are minute and invisible to the unaided eye. under magnification, inclusions are typically visible from the pavilion. vvs2 - very, very slightly included 2. inclusions are minute and invisible to the unaided eye. under magnification, inclusions are typically visible from the crown. vs1 - very slightly included 1. inclusions are considered minor and are not visible to the unaided eye. vs2 - very slightly included 2. inclusions are minor and only rarely visible to the unaided, untrained eye. sl1 - slightly included 1. inclusions often remain invisible to the unaided eye. sl2 - slightly included 2. under close inspection, inclusions are usually visible to the unaided eye. fl if vvs1 vvs2 vs1 vs2 si1 si2 polishhelp? perfect polish – handcrafted by experts the polish grade refers to the quality of craftsmanship of the diamond, specifically the smoothness of the facets (wheel marks, like the one seen in this photo, should be polished smooth) and the crispness of the edges. ritani carries only diamonds that have polish graded "good," "very good," or "excellent." learn more diamond polish grades in the polishing process, the polishing wheel can leave marks. on a well-polished diamond, these marks are polished out. gia agsl ex id vg vg, ex g g symmetryhelp? symmetry is one of the most important factors affecting a diamond’s sparkle. diamond symmetry the symmetry grade refers to how perfectly the facets and angles of the diamond align to reflect and sparkle. ritani carries only diamonds that have symmetry graded "good," "very good," or "excellent/ideal." gia agsl ex id vg vg, ex g g fluorescencehelp? ultraviolet inspection ritani diamonds are graded inert, faint, negligible, medium, and strong. diamond fluorescence if a diamond has even a “faint” fluorescence grade, it will emit a soft colored glow under ultraviolet light. while this might be a fun special-effect, it has no effect on the sparkle of your diamond in typical lighting conditions. none faint medium strong very strong fnt med advanced options tablehelp? proportion counts with the right ratio between the diameter of the table and the diameter of the diamond, as you look down at the top of the diamond, it will produce the most sparkle. ritani only carries diamonds with table percentages that fall within this range, 53-70%. table percentage to depthhelp? proportion counts diamonds with a depth percentage that falls within the range of 54-66% are found to produce the most sparkle. the depth percentage of all ritani round diamonds falls within this range. depth percentage to culethelp? precision points for maximum sparkle. the culet is the point at the bottom of the diamond. sometimes this point has a small facet on it which can detract from the diamond’s sparkle. ritani carries only diamonds that have a culet that is graded none, very small, small, and medium for maximum sparkle. learn more the culet none nn very small small medium large slightly large small certifying agencyhelp? certified quality determines value. ritani offers diamonds certified by the agsl and gia, the industry’s two most respected diamond grading labs. learn more about diamond certification certifying agency the american gem society is based in las vegas, nevada, and has been certifying and grading diamonds for over 70 years. the gemological institute of america, headquartered in carlsbad, california, has been grading and certifying diamonds since 1931. gia agsl length/width ratiohelp? the shape of your diamond’s shape the length-to-width ratio is a comparison between the length and the width of the diamond as measured when viewing from above. a perfectly round diamond would measure equally 1-to-1, so its lxw ratio would measure as 1. you’ll find with fancy-shaped diamonds this measurement helps you understand how rectangular an emerald-cut diamond is, for example. length-to-width ratio to create your own ring choose your diamond browse inventory choose your setting browse settings view your completed ring 3 easy steps: create your own ring select add to an engagement ring. select choose this ring. view your ring and add to cart. show tip hide tip 0 diamonds selected compare showing 46,014 diamonds shape carat cut color clarity polish sym. fluor. price table depth culet agency l/w round diamond #d-mjy1270.19caratidealcutgcolorsi1clarityvgpolishvgsym.nonefluor.$200price56.0table62.6depthnculetgiaagency1.01l/wcompare choose diamond view diamond details or add to your engagement ring add loose diamond to cart request free analysis round diamond #d-mjhsm70.18caratgoodcutfcolorvs2clarityvgpolishvgsym.nonefluor.$212price57.0table64.4depthnculetgiaagency1.01l/wcompare choose diamond view diamond details or add to your engagement ring add loose diamond to cart request free analysis emerald diamond #d-d2vhpb0.18caratvery goodcutdcolorvs1clarityexpolishgsym.nonefluor.$215price62.0table67.4depthnculetgiaagency1.39l/wcompare choose diamond view diamond details or add to your engagement ring add loose diamond to cart request free analysis round diamond #d-mf621w0.19caratvery goodcutfcolorsi1clarityvgpolishexsym.nonefluor.$217price57.0table62.6depthnculetgiaagency1.00l/wcompare choose diamond view diamond details or add to your engagement ring add loose diamond to cart request free analysis round diamond #d-mvhqnq0.19caratidealcutdcolorsi1clarityvgpolishvgsym.faintfluor.$217price58.0table60.6depthnculetgiaagency1.00l/wcompare choose diamond view diamond details or add to your engagement ring add loose diamond to cart request free analysis round diamond #d-dyv73h0.18caratvery goodcutgcolorvs1claritygpolishvgsym.nonefluor.$219price55.0table62.5depthnculetgiaagency1.01l/wcompare choose diamond view diamond details or add to your engagement ring add loose diamond to cart request free analysis pear diamond #d-g5hs1y0.19caratvery goodcutjcolorvs2clarityvgpolishgsym.nonefluor.$225price60.0table63.6depthnculetgiaagency1.50l/wcompare choose diamond view diamond details or add to your engagement ring add loose diamond to cart request free analysis round diamond #d-mf6s1p0.20caratidealcutgcolorsi1clarityexpolishexsym.nonefluor.$226price57.0table62.5depthnculetgiaagency1.01l/wcompare choose diamond view diamond details or add to your engagement ring add loose diamond to cart request free analysis round diamond #d-mjym2s0.18caratidealcutfcolorvs2clarityvgpolishvgsym.nonefluor.$228price61.0table61.2depthnculetgiaagency1.01l/wcompare choose diamond view diamond details or add to your engagement ring add loose diamond to cart request free analysis round diamond #d-mjhs350.18caratvery goodcutecolorvs2clarityexpolishvgsym.nonefluor.$231price55.0table62.9depthnculetgiaagency1.01l/wcompare choose diamond view diamond details or add to your engagement ring add loose diamond to cart request free analysis go beyond the certificate our gemologists delve deeper than anyone else, with exclusive reports & hd imagery. learn more round diamond #d-mwj0jj0.19caratidealcutdcolorsi1clarityexpolishvgsym.nonefluor.$233price60.0table60.4depthnculetgiaagency1.01l/wcompare choose diamond view diamond details or add to your engagement ring add loose diamond to cart request free analysis round diamond #d-tyv71s0.18caratvery goodcutdcolorvs2clarityexpolishvgsym.nonefluor.$233price58.0table63.6depthnculetgiaagency1.01l/wcompare choose diamond view diamond details or add to your engagement ring add loose diamond to cart request free analysis round diamond #d-dyv7jq0.18caratvery goodcutdcolorvs2clarityexpolishvgsym.nonefluor.$233price62.0table59.9depthnculetgiaagency1.01l/wcompare choose diamond view diamond details or add to your engagement ring add loose diamond to cart request free analysis emerald diamond #d-v2vvqq0.19caratgoodcutgcolorvvs2clarityvgpolishvgsym.nonefluor.$233price57.0table72.0depthnculetgiaagency1.36l/wcompare choose diamond view diamond details or add to your engagement ring add loose diamond to cart request free analysis round diamond #d-mjhyms0.18caratvery goodcutecolorvs2clarityvgpolishvgsym.nonefluor.$236price58.0table62.2depthnculetgiaagency1.01l/wcompare choose diamond view diamond details or add to your engagement ring add loose diamond to cart request free analysis round diamond #d-mjyv9h0.18caratvery goodcutdcolorvs2clarityexpolishvgsym.nonefluor.$239price59.0table61.8depthnculetgiaagency1.00l/wcompare choose diamond view diamond details or add to your engagement ring add loose diamond to cart request free analysis round diamond #d-cyv29m0.18caratvery goodcutecolorvs2clarityexpolishvgsym.nonefluor.$239price57.0table64.2depthnculetgiaagency1.01l/wcompare choose diamond view diamond details or add to your engagement ring add loose diamond to cart request free analysis round diamond #d-gyv07q0.18caratvery goodcutdcolorvs1clarityexpolishvgsym.nonefluor.$241price59.0table62.4depthnculetgiaagency1.01l/wcompare choose diamond view diamond details or add to your engagement ring add loose diamond to cart request free analysis round diamond #d-zyvrp90.18caratgoodcutecolorvs1clarityexpolishvgsym.nonefluor.$241price61.0table63.0depthnculetgiaagency1.01l/wcompare choose diamond view diamond details or add to your engagement ring add loose diamond to cart request free analysis round diamond #d-mf00580.18caratidealcutgcolorvs1clarityvgpolishvgsym.nonefluor.$242price59.0table61.5depthnculetgiaagency1.00l/wcompare choose diamond view diamond details or add to your engagement ring add loose diamond to cart request free analysis round diamond #d-dyvn110.18caratvery goodcutgcolorvs1clarityexpolishvgsym.nonefluor.$242price57.0table62.9depthnculetgiaagency1.00l/wcompare choose diamond view diamond details or add to your engagement ring add loose diamond to cart request free analysis round diamond #d-gyvpm20.18caratidealcutgcolorvs2clarityvgpolishexsym.faintfluor.$242price56.0table61.4depthnculetgiaagency1.00l/wcompare choose diamond view diamond details or add to your engagement ring add loose diamond to cart request free analysis round diamond #d-mf6sp70.18caratidealcuthcolorvs1clarityexpolishvgsym.nonefluor.$242price59.0table61.1depthnculetgiaagency1.01l/wcompare choose diamond view diamond details or add to your engagement ring add loose diamond to cart request free analysis round diamond #d-dyv2wk0.18caratvery goodcutgcolorvs1clarityexpolishvgsym.nonefluor.$244price60.0table59.2depthnculetgiaagency1.00l/wcompare choose diamond view diamond details or add to your engagement ring add loose diamond to cart request free analysis round diamond #d-mwjp080.18caratvery goodcutgcolorvs1claritygpolishvgsym.nonefluor.$244price62.0table58.7depthnculetgiaagency1.01l/wcompare choose diamond view diamond details or add to your engagement ring add loose diamond to cart request free analysis 1 2 3 4 5 ... next › last » one moment please... shop ritani the ritani difference free in-store preview lifetime warranty free shipping free returns diamond price matching order status education learn the 4cs of diamonds diamond cuts engagement ring styles engagement ring cuts engagement ring settings engagement ring materials company info about ritani international shipping in the news contact us blog featured in connect financing sitemap terms & conditions privacy policy sweepstakes © 1999 - 2014 ritani all rights reserved on ritani: engagement rings loose diamonds men's wedding bands women's wedding rings diamond earrings free in-store preview: atlanta charlotte dallas jacksonville new york san francisco washington, d.c. see all cities close experience the ritani difference real diamond videos & free expert consultations. see your item before you buy at a free in-store preview jeweler. returns are free, insured, and collected at your door. free fedex priority overnight shipping. learn more designed & handcrafted in ny since 1999 powered by verisign ge capital financing shipping to | phone order code: close one moment please… my favorites my favorites