来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20141222010325/https://www.ritani.com/education/diamond-education
================================================================================

diamond education - the 4cs | ritani free in-store preview  •  see your ring in person before you buy free fedex priority overnight shipping 30-day returns shipping to | store locator my account favorites account settings order status order status sign in sign out cart loading shopping cart… your shopping cart is empty. continue shopping 1.888.9ritani diamonds diamonds ritani diamond cutters have perfected the art and science of sparkle. search diamond inventory ritani reserve diamonds virtual gemologist more about diamonds browse by diamond shape learn the 4cs of diamonds recently purchased diamonds engagement rings engagement rings ritani crafts extraordinary engagement rings that she's sure to love. browse engagement rings create your own ring custom ring design services more about engagement rings engagement ring buying guide engagement rings by price engagement ring shapes wedding wedding classically styled ritani rings and bands for him and her. women's diamond rings women's plain wedding rings women's eternity rings women's stacking rings men's wedding bands more about wedding rings learn about metals wedding ring buying guide jewelry fine jewelry she'll notice the details. ritani artistry is visible at every angle. earrings bracelets fashion rings necklaces & pendants design your own jewelry shop by material gold silver platinum gemstones designer collections designer collections experience unique design and extraordinary craftsmanship. mimi so omi privé slane hulchi belluni erica courtney kara ross soho boutique designers fashion institute of technology gifts gifts a stunning selection to create the perfect expression. classic gifts exceptional gifts the ritani vault gift buying guide $100 & under $250 & under $750 & under education education make the right decision, with education and guidance. learn the four c's how to buy an engagement ring learn about metals learn about gemstones wedding ring buying guide gift buying guide home/education & guidance/ the 4cs of diamonds chapter 1 — what difference can the cut of a diamond make? it's a question that deserves a detailed answer. each cut we make in the creation of a diamond unlocks the beauty in the form of sparkle. the final effect is magic. over generations, we at ritani have focused on our craft, using artistry and science to improve the brilliance, and create more of the allure that attracts us. diamond education chapters 1. the 4cs of diamonds 2. diamond shapes 3. diamond trends 4. ethical sourcing 5. certification 6. the fine details the 4cs cut the cut grade indicates how much a diamond will sparkle. color this grade refers to the "whiteness" of a diamond, or its lack of color. clarity the clarity grade is based on any tiny natural identifiers found within a diamond. carat weight this is a measure of a diamond's weight and a reflection of its size. what isdiamond cut? a quality cut grade allows a diamond to express its natural sparkle and scintillation. cut refers to the quality of a diamond's proportions and symmetry. these angles allow the diamond to capture light and reflect it, producing sparkle. if a diamond's pavilion is too deep, for example, the center will be noticeably dark. if you want a truly brilliant diamond, consider those with cut grades of very good or ideal. the ritani reserve collection is comprised of the top 1% of diamonds worldwide. learn more about how cut affects a diamond’s sparkle. ideal cut tremendous sparkle. excellent polish and symmetry. very good lots of sparkle. great polish and symmetry. good a good amount of sparkle. sufficient polish and symmetry. poor will not sparkle very much. unsatisfactory polish and symmetry. ideal very good good poor *ritani does not carry poor cut diamonds. what is diamond clarity? the clarity grade is based on any tiny natural identifiers found within a diamond. most ritani diamonds are free from inclusions that are visible without magnification. we recommend these diamonds for the best balance of quality and price. the shape of a diamond can affect the importance of its clarity grade. while the brilliance facets patterns of round and princess-cut diamond can hide certain imperfections, step-cut shapes – such as emerald and asscher-cuts – have large, open tables. if you are searching for a step-cut diamond, we suggest looking at those with clarity grades of vs2 or higher. see which diamond clarity grades are the most popular. fl flawless. no imperfections on the surface, or inclusions within. these are the most rare of all clarity grades, and therefore extremely valuable. if internally flawless. no inclusions within the diamond, but may have very minor blemishes on the surface. if so, they will not be visible without magnification. vvs1 very very slightly included 1. likely to have minute inclusions that can only be seen under 10x magnification by an expert eye. these inclusions can only be seen through viewing the bottom of the diamond. vvs2 very very slightly included 2. likely to have minute inclusions that can only be seen by experts under 10x magnification. these may be visible when viewing from the top of the diamond. vs1 vs1 very slightly included 1. the untrained eye may detect inclusions within diamonds of this grade, under 10x magnification. it can take a long time to see them, however (over 10 seconds). vs2 very slightly included 2. slightly more inclusions than diamonds with vs1 grade, 10x magnification is still needed to detect any flaws. it can take up to 10 seconds to see them. si1 slightly included 1. more noticeable inclusions that experts can see clearly with 10x magnification. they may or may not be visible to the naked eye, depending on where they are in the diamond. si2 slightly included 2. may have noticeable inclusions that are easy to see under 10x magnification. sometimes, the unaided eye can detect them. i1 included 1. obvious imperfections under 10x magnification. the durability of the diamond may also be compromised depending on the specific inclusions. i2 included 2. obvious imperfections under 10x magnification. there may also be eye visible inclusions, both within the diamond and on the surface. the durability of these diamonds may be compromised. i3 included 3. large and obvious imperfections that can be clearly seen with the unaided eye. these may be within the diamond and at the surface level. the durability of these diamonds is likely compromised. representative diamond under high magnification magnification 10x fl if vvs1 vvs2 vs1 vs2 si1 si2 i1 i2 i3 flawless internallyflawless very very slightlyincluded very slightlyincluded slightly included included ritani does not offer diamonds below an si2 clarity grade. what is diamond carat weight? carat weight is a measure of a diamond's weight, and a reflection of its size. 1 carat is equivalent to 200 milligrams. because carat is a record of a diamond's weight – not its size – two diamonds of slightly different sizes may have the same carat weight. a diamond's size is also dependent on how evenly its weight is distributed, and the quality of its cut. some diamonds are cut to maximize carat weight, resulting in less sparkle. a balance of quality in carat and cut is therefore recommended. for the best value, look at diamonds slightly lighter than the carat weight you initially want. for example, instead of 1-carat diamonds, consider 0.98 and 0.99-carat diamonds. the difference in size will be negligible, but savings here can be significant. explore the relationship between diamond cut and carat weight. adjust skin tone | | | | dark light .25 ct .50 ct .75 ct 1 ct 1.25 ct 1.50 ct 2 ct 3 ct 4 ct 5 ct what is diamond color? this grade refers to the 'whiteness' of a diamond, or its lack of color. the less color within the diamond, the more rare and valuable it is likely to be. while d to f color grades are considered colorless, an untrained eye could not easily spot color within g to i grades. if you are concerned about visible color, consider a yellow gold setting. this metal will neutralize warmer tones. opting for a diamond with more color could allow you to invest more in a larger carat weight or quality cut grade. see which diamond color grades are the most popular. colorless d no color. appears completely clear under 10x magnification. recommended paired with platinum, white gold or palladium. these metals emphasize the lack of color. colorless e no visible color. can only be discerned from a d graded diamond by a gemologist in side-by-side comparison. set in platinum, white gold or palladium to emphasize the lack of color. colorless f no visible color. can only be discerned from d and e graded diamonds by a gemologist in side-by-side comparison. set in platinum, white gold or palladium to emphasize the lack of color. near colorless g very subtle traces of color, typically visible only in side-by-side comparison. will look stunning in a variety of metals, although yellow gold will neutralize any color in the diamond. near colorless h subtle traces of color, typically visible only in side-by-side comparison. suitable for both white and yellow metal settings. yellow gold will neutralize any visible color in the diamond. near colorless i subtle traces of color, sometimes detected by the unaided eye. suitable for both white and yellow metal settings. yellow gold will neutralize any visible color in the diamond. near colorless j subtle traces of color, sometimes detected by the unaided eye. suitable for both white and yellow metal settings. yellow gold will neutralize any visible color in the diamond. faint yellow k a yellow tint may be detectable without magnification. a warmer colored diamond may appeal, so be sure to consider your personal taste. a yellow gold setting may help to neutralize the hue. faint yellow l a yellow tint may be detectable without magnification. these slightly colored diamonds may appeal, so be sure to consider your personal taste. a yellow gold setting may help to neutralize the hue. noticeable color m a yellow or brown tint is clear to the unaided eye. their visible color makes these diamonds much more affordable. set them in yellow gold for a warm, colorful look. noticeable color n a yellow or brown tint is clear to the unaided eye. their visible color makes these diamonds much more affordable. set them in yellow gold for a warm, colorful look. noticeable color o a yellow or brown tint is clear to the unaided eye. their visible color makes these diamonds much more affordable. set them in yellow gold for a warm, colorful look. noticeable color p a yellow or brown tint is clear to the unaided eye. their visible color makes these diamonds much more affordable. set them in yellow gold for a warm, colorful look. noticeable color q a yellow or brown tint is clear to the unaided eye. their visible color makes these diamonds much more affordable. set them in yellow gold for a warm, colorful look. noticeable color r a yellow or brown tint is clear to the unaided eye. their visible color makes these diamonds much more affordable. set them in yellow gold for a warm, colorful look. very noticeable color s while still considered a ‘white’ diamond, an s-graded diamond has visibly yellow or brown tones. you may find that the color in these diamonds is too much for your taste. very noticeable color t while still considered a ‘white’ diamond, a t-graded diamond has visibly yellow or brown tones. you may find that the color in these diamonds is too much for your taste. very noticeable color u while still considered a ‘white’ diamond, a u-graded diamond has visibly yellow or brown tones. you may find that the color in these diamonds is too much for your taste. very noticeable color v while still considered a ‘white’ diamond, a v-graded diamond has visibly yellow or brown tones. you may find that the color in these diamonds is too much for your taste. very noticeable color w while still considered a ‘white’ diamond, a w-graded diamond has visibly yellow or brown tones. you may find that the color in these diamonds is too much for your taste. very noticeable color x while still considered a ‘white’ diamond, an x-graded diamond has visibly yellow or brown tones. you may find that the color in these diamonds is too much for your taste. very noticeable color y while still considered a ‘white’ diamond, a y-graded diamond has visibly yellow or brown tones. you may find that the color in these diamonds is too much for your taste. very noticeable color z while still considered a ‘white’ diamond, a z-graded diamond has visibly yellow or brown tones. you may find that the color in these diamonds is too much for your taste. d e f g h i j k l m n o p q r s t u v w x y z colorless near-colorless faint yellow noticeable color* very noticeable color* ritani does not offer diamonds below an l color grade take the next step get an expert opinion from our virtual gemologist ritani experts are available to answer your questions and deepen your understanding of diamond quality. call 1.888.202.0804 or start an online chat. diamond trends not sure where to start? find out what others are buying and spending. learn about diamond trends find the right diamond search our diamond collection to find the perfect diamond. search diamonds written by paul meiterman, gemologist at ritani paul meiterman g.g., a.j.p., c.g. (graduate gemologist, accredited jewelry professional, certified gemologist american gem society) is the chief gemologist at ritani. with over 15 years of experience, he worked in the gia laboratory as quality assurance gemologist and now works in our factory alongside the top cutters, balancing out size, clarity and proportions for maximum beauty and value, making sure to bring out the best in every diamond. shop ritani the ritani difference free in-store preview lifetime warranty free shipping free returns diamond price matching order status education learn the 4cs of diamonds diamond cuts engagement ring styles engagement ring cuts engagement ring settings engagement ring materials jewelry insurance company info about ritani international shipping in the news contact us blog jobs become an affiliate featured in connect you can withdraw your consent at any time. contact us or view our privacy policy thank you! we have received your email address and you will start to receive exciting updates. financing sitemap terms & conditions privacy policy sweepstakes © 1999 - 2015 ritani all rights reserved on ritani: engagement rings loose diamonds men's wedding bands women's wedding rings diamond earrings diamond bracelets free in-store preview: atlanta charlotte chicago dallas jacksonville new york san francisco washington, d.c. see all cities powered by verisign shipping to | phone order code: close one moment please… my favorites my favorites