来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20151225074545/https://www.ritani.com/education/diamond-education
================================================================================

diamond education - the 4cs | ritani free in-store preview see your ring in person before you buy. 1.888.9ritani store locator shipping to | your account my wish list account settings order status order status sign in sign out cart loading shopping cart… your shopping cart is empty. continue shopping engagement rings shop design your own ring shop all engagement rings start with a style start with a diamond start with a price recently purchased top reviewed engagement rings how to buy an engagement ring custom ring design services collections solitaire classic halo three-stone masterwork bridal sets gemstone engagement rings guides ring advisor learn the 4cs engagement ring trends lifetime care package find your ring size find the one shop engagement rings diamonds shop shop all diamonds shop all shapes ritani reserve diamonds recently purchased diamond shape round princess cushion emerald radiant oval pear asscher marquise heart guides learn the 4cs advanced diamond education diamond trends ethically sourced virtual gemologist diamond certifications decode the 4cs diamond buying guide wedding rings shop shop all wedding rings shop by price shop by style women's eternity rings diamond rings stacking rings women's wedding rings bridal sets men's men's wedding bands guides wedding ring buying guide stackable ring builder precious metal guide anniversary gift ideas the perfect band shop wedding rings jewelry shop now all jewelry designer collections design your own earrings custom earrings diamond stud earrings halo diamond studs drops hoops studs pearls necklaces necklaces custom pendants pendants halo diamond pendants pearl strands bracelets tennis bracelets cuffs & bangles leather links & chains fashion rings gifts gifts under $100 gifts under $250 classic gifts designer collections yoko london mimi so soho kara ross omi privé hulchi belluni erica courtney let her shine shop halo studs education guides how to buy an engagement ring how to buy a wedding ring gift buying guide latest trends learn about metals learn about gemstones learn about pearls learn about the ritani difference learn the 4cs diamond color diamond cut diamond clarity diamond carat advanced diamond education inspire proposal stories most popular styles diamond trends blog free in-store preview learn more home/ education & guidance the 4cs of diamonds chapter 1 — what difference can the cut of a diamond make? it's a question that deserves a detailed answer. each cut we make in the creation of a diamond unlocks the beauty in the form of sparkle. the final effect is magic. over generations, we at ritani have focused on our craft, using artistry and science to improve the brilliance, and create more of the allure that attracts us. diamond education chapters 1. the 4cs of diamonds 2. the fine details 3. diamond shapes 4. diamond trends 5. ethical sourcing 6. certification the 4cs cut the cut grade indicates how much a diamond will sparkle. color this grade refers to the "whiteness" of a diamond, or its lack of color. clarity the clarity grade is based on any tiny natural identifiers found within a diamond. carat weight this is a measure of a diamond's weight and a reflection of its size. what is diamond cut? a quality cut grade allows a diamond to express its natural sparkle and scintillation. cut refers to the quality of a diamond's proportions and symmetry. these angles allow the diamond to capture light and reflect it, producing sparkle. if a diamond's pavilion is too deep, for example, the center will be noticeably dark. if you want a truly brilliant diamond, consider those with cut grades of very good or ideal. the ritani reserve collection is comprised of the top 1% of diamonds worldwide. learn more about how cut affects a diamond’s sparkle. ideal cut tremendous sparkle. excellent polish and symmetry. see all ideal cut diamonds very good lots of sparkle. great polish and symmetry. see all very good cut diamonds good a good amount of sparkle. sufficient polish and symmetry. see all good cut diamonds poor will not sparkle very much. unsatisfactory polish and symmetry. ideal very good good poor *ritani does not carry poor cut diamonds. what is diamond clarity? the clarity grade is based on any tiny natural identifiers found within a diamond. most ritani diamonds are free from inclusions that are visible without magnification. we recommend these diamonds for the best balance of quality and price. the shape of a diamond can affect the importance of its clarity grade. while the brilliance facets patterns of round and princess-cut diamond can hide certain imperfections, step-cut shapes – such as emerald and asscher-cuts – have large, open tables. if you are searching for a step-cut diamond, we suggest looking at those with clarity grades of vs2 or higher. see which diamond clarity grades are the most popular learn about diamond inclusions fl flawless. no imperfections on the surface, or inclusions within. these are the most rare of all clarity grades, and therefore extremely valuable. see diamonds that are flawless if internally flawless. no inclusions within the diamond, but may have very minor blemishes on the surface. if so, they will not be visible without magnification. see diamonds that are internally flawless vvs1 very very slightly included 1. likely to have minute inclusions that can only be seen under 10x magnification by an expert eye. these inclusions can only be seen through viewing the bottom of the diamond. see diamonds that are vvs1 vvs2 very very slightly included 2. likely to have minute inclusions that can only be seen by experts under 10x magnification. these may be visible when viewing from the top of the diamond. see diamonds that are vvs2 vs1 vs1 very slightly included 1. the untrained eye may detect inclusions within diamonds of this grade, under 10x magnification. it can take a long time to see them, however (over 10 seconds). see diamonds that are vs1 vs2 very slightly included 2. slightly more inclusions than diamonds with vs1 grade, 10x magnification is still needed to detect any flaws. it can take up to 10 seconds to see them. see diamonds that are vs2 si1 slightly included 1. more noticeable inclusions that experts can see clearly with 10x magnification. they may or may not be visible to the naked eye, depending on where they are in the diamond. see diamonds that are si1 si2 slightly included 2. may have noticeable inclusions that are easy to see under 10x magnification. sometimes, the unaided eye can detect them. see diamonds that are si2 i1 included 1. obvious imperfections under 10x magnification. the durability of the diamond may also be compromised depending on the specific inclusions. i2 included 2. obvious imperfections under 10x magnification. there may also be eye visible inclusions, both within the diamond and on the surface. the durability of these diamonds may be compromised. i3 included 3. large and obvious imperfections that can be clearly seen with the unaided eye. these may be within the diamond and at the surface level. the durability of these diamonds is likely compromised. representative diamond under high magnification magnification 10x fl if vvs1 vvs2 vs1 vs2 si1 si2 i1 i2 i3 flawless internallyflawless very very slightlyincluded very slightlyincluded slightly included included ritani does not offer diamonds below an si2 clarity grade. what is diamond carat weight? carat weight is a measure of a diamond's weight, and a reflection of its size. 1 carat is equivalent to 200 milligrams. because carat is a record of a diamond's weight – not its size – two diamonds of slightly different sizes may have the same carat weight. a diamond's size is also dependent on how evenly its weight is distributed, and the quality of its cut. some diamonds are cut to maximize carat weight, resulting in less sparkle. a balance of quality in carat and cut is therefore recommended. for the best value, look at diamonds slightly lighter than the carat weight you initially want. for example, instead of 1-carat diamonds, consider 0.98 and 0.99-carat diamonds. the difference in size will be negligible, but savings here can be significant. explore the relationship between diamond cut and carat weight. see all .25 ct diamonds see all .50 ct diamonds see all .75 ct diamonds see all 1 ct diamonds see all 1.25 ct diamonds see all 1.5 ct diamonds see all 1.75 ct diamonds see all 2 ct diamonds see all 3 ct diamonds see all 4 ct diamonds see all 5 ct diamonds adjust skin tone | | | | dark light .25 ct .50 ct .75 ct 1 ct 1.25 ct 1.50 ct 2 ct 3 ct 4 ct 5 ct what is diamond color? this grade refers to the 'whiteness' of a diamond, or its lack of color. the less color within the diamond, the more rare and valuable it is likely to be. while d to f color grades are considered colorless, an untrained eye could not easily spot color within g to i grades. if you are concerned about visible color, consider a yellow gold setting. this metal will neutralize warmer tones. opting for a diamond with more color could allow you to invest more in a larger carat weight or quality cut grade. see which diamond color grades are the most popular. colorless d no color. appears completely clear under 10x magnification. recommended paired with platinum, white gold or palladium. these metals emphasize the lack of color. see all colorless d diamonds colorless e no visible color. can only be discerned from a d graded diamond by a gemologist in side-by-side comparison. set in platinum, white gold or palladium to emphasize the lack of color. see all colorless e diamonds colorless f no visible color. can only be discerned from d and e graded diamonds by a gemologist in side-by-side comparison. set in platinum, white gold or palladium to emphasize the lack of color. see all colorless f diamonds near colorless g very subtle traces of color, typically visible only in side-by-side comparison. will look stunning in a variety of metals, although yellow gold will neutralize any color in the diamond. see all near colorless g diamonds near colorless h subtle traces of color, typically visible only in side-by-side comparison. suitable for both white and yellow metal settings. yellow gold will neutralize any visible color in the diamond. see all near colorless h diamonds near colorless i subtle traces of color, sometimes detected by the unaided eye. suitable for both white and yellow metal settings. yellow gold will neutralize any visible color in the diamond. see all near colorless i diamonds near colorless j subtle traces of color, sometimes detected by the unaided eye. suitable for both white and yellow metal settings. yellow gold will neutralize any visible color in the diamond. see all near colorless j diamonds faint yellow k a yellow tint may be detectable without magnification. a warmer colored diamond may appeal, so be sure to consider your personal taste. a yellow gold setting may help to neutralize the hue. see all faint yellow k diamonds faint yellow l a yellow tint may be detectable without magnification. these slightly colored diamonds may appeal, so be sure to consider your personal taste. a yellow gold setting may help to neutralize the hue. see all faint yellow l diamonds noticeable color m a yellow or brown tint is clear to the unaided eye. their visible color makes these diamonds much more affordable. set them in yellow gold for a warm, colorful look. noticeable color n a yellow or brown tint is clear to the unaided eye. their visible color makes these diamonds much more affordable. set them in yellow gold for a warm, colorful look. noticeable color o a yellow or brown tint is clear to the unaided eye. their visible color makes these diamonds much more affordable. set them in yellow gold for a warm, colorful look. noticeable color p a yellow or brown tint is clear to the unaided eye. their visible color makes these diamonds much more affordable. set them in yellow gold for a warm, colorful look. noticeable color q a yellow or brown tint is clear to the unaided eye. their visible color makes these diamonds much more affordable. set them in yellow gold for a warm, colorful look. noticeable color r a yellow or brown tint is clear to the unaided eye. their visible color makes these diamonds much more affordable. set them in yellow gold for a warm, colorful look. very noticeable color s while still considered a ‘white’ diamond, an s-graded diamond has visibly yellow or brown tones. you may find that the color in these diamonds is too much for your taste. very noticeable color t while still considered a ‘white’ diamond, a t-graded diamond has visibly yellow or brown tones. you may find that the color in these diamonds is too much for your taste. very noticeable color u while still considered a ‘white’ diamond, a u-graded diamond has visibly yellow or brown tones. you may find that the color in these diamonds is too much for your taste. very noticeable color v while still considered a ‘white’ diamond, a v-graded diamond has visibly yellow or brown tones. you may find that the color in these diamonds is too much for your taste. very noticeable color w while still considered a ‘white’ diamond, a w-graded diamond has visibly yellow or brown tones. you may find that the color in these diamonds is too much for your taste. very noticeable color x while still considered a ‘white’ diamond, an x-graded diamond has visibly yellow or brown tones. you may find that the color in these diamonds is too much for your taste. very noticeable color y while still considered a ‘white’ diamond, a y-graded diamond has visibly yellow or brown tones. you may find that the color in these diamonds is too much for your taste. very noticeable color z while still considered a ‘white’ diamond, a z-graded diamond has visibly yellow or brown tones. you may find that the color in these diamonds is too much for your taste. d e f g h i j k l m n o p q r s t u v w x y z colorless near-colorless faint yellow noticeable color* very noticeable color* ritani does not offer diamonds below an l color grade take the next step get an expert opinion from our virtual gemologist ritani experts are available to answer your questions and deepen your understanding of diamond quality. call 1.888.202.0804 or start an online chat. diamond trends not sure where to start? find out what others are buying and spending. learn about diamond trends find the right diamond search our diamond collection to find the perfect diamond. search diamonds written by paul meiterman, gemologist at ritani paul meiterman g.g., a.j.p., c.g. (graduate gemologist, accredited jewelry professional, certified gemologist american gem society) is the chief gemologist at ritani. with over 15 years of experience, he worked in the gia laboratory as quality assurance gemologist and now works in our factory alongside the top cutters, balancing out size, clarity and proportions for maximum beauty and value, making sure to bring out the best in every diamond. as featured in customer service free in-store preview order status free shipping international shipping free returns lifetime warranty diamond price matching company info about ritani in the news contact us the ritani difference ritani jewelers jobs become an affiliate education learn the 4cs of diamonds diamond cuts engagement ring styles engagement ring cuts engagement ring settings engagement ring materials jewelry insurance more to explore blog customer reviews engagement stories stay on top of trends thank you!we have received your email address and youwill start to receive exciting updates. financing | sitemap | terms & conditions | privacy policy | sweepstakes © 1999 - 2016 ritani all rights reserved engagement rings loose diamonds men's wedding bands women's wedding rings diamond earrings diamond bracelets free in-store preview: atlanta charlotte chicago dallas jacksonville new york san francisco washington, d.c. see all cities powered by verisign shipping to | close one moment please… chat now my wish list