来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20171223084636/https://www.ritani.com/education/4-cs
================================================================================

4 cs of diamonds | ritani nytimes-logo forbes-logo foxbusiness-logo cnnmoney-logo free in-store preview see your ring in person before you buy. 1.888.9ritani store locator 1.888.9ritani store locator shipping to | my account my wish list account settings order status order status sign in sign out cart loading shopping cart… your shopping cart is empty. continue shopping engagement rings shop design your own ring shop all engagement rings start with a style start with a diamond start with a price recently purchased top reviewed engagement rings how to buy an engagement ring custom ring design services collections solitaire classic halo three-stone masterwork bridal sets promise rings vintage engagement rings gemstone engagement rings guides ring advisor learn the 4cs engagement ring trends lifetime care package find your ring size find the one shop engagement rings diamonds shop shop all diamonds shop all shapes ritani reserve diamonds recently purchased diamond shape round princess cushion emerald radiant oval pear asscher marquise heart guides learn the 4cs advanced diamond education diamond trends ethically sourced virtual gemologist diamond certifications decode the 4cs diamond buying guide wedding rings shop shop all wedding rings shop by price shop by style women's eternity rings diamond rings stacking rings women's wedding rings bridal sets men's men's wedding bands guides wedding ring guide stackable ring builder precious metal guide anniversary gift ideas the perfect band shop wedding rings jewelry featured designers ef collection mimi so shop now jewelry lookbook 2018 halo diamond studs diamond stud earrings halo diamond pendants design your own earrings gold pearl diamond gemstone design your own necklaces gold pearl diamond gemstone design your own bracelets gold charm pearl tennis cuffs & bangles fashion rings gold promise stacking diamond anniversary shop collection gifts gifts anniversary gifts bridal gifts birthday gifts milestone gifts essential gifting halo studs halo pendants diamond studs design your own gifts by price $250 & under $500 & under $750 & under $1500 & under just because stackable rings diamond jewelry charming jewelry signature jewelry designer gifts mimi so ef collection gifts for him cufflinks amulets & tags bracelets shop all shop our gift guide education education center diamond shapes the 4 cs of diamonds diamond anatomy engagement ring collections engagement ring settings engagement ring bands ring metals features ring buying essentials best-selling engagement rings finding the right diamond shape inspiration ritani blog proposal stories the ritani difference free in-store preview learn more features ring buying essentials finding the right diamond shape bestselling engagement rings diamonds diamond shapes the four cs of diamonds anatomy of a diamond engagement rings engagement ring collections the center diamond the ring setting the ring band precious metals ring metals wedding rings wedding ring guide the 4 cs of diamonds the 4 cs, as they are known within the jewelry industry, are the standard way to measure the beauty, craftsmanship and value of a diamond. cut clarity color carat diamond cut the term “diamond cut” refers to the quality of a diamond’s proportions and symmetry. these elements determine how much light a diamond captures and reflects, and therefore how much it sparkles. this is a direct result of the skill of the craftsman who shaped and cut the diamond. there are four grades of diamond cut: ideal, very good, good and poor. if you compare two diamonds of different cuts grades, you will see that the higher cut grade has significantly more sparkle. there will also be a difference in their prices, with the better cut grade commanding a higher price. of the 4 cs, cut is generally recognized as the most important, since it has the greatest impact on a diamond’s appearance and quality. the four diamond cut grades a comparison of the four diamond cut grades. ideal tremendous sparkle. excellent polish and symmetry. see all ideal cut diamonds very good lots of sparkle. great polish and symmetry. see all very good cut diamonds good a good amount of sparkle. sufficient polish and symmetry. see all good cut diamonds poor will not sparkle very much. unsatisfactory polish and symmetry. *ritani does not carry poor cut diamonds. put priority on cut grade given that cut has the most impact on a diamond’s overall appearance, we recommend you put the greatest priority on finding a high quality cut grade. the diamond’s clarity and color should be considered secondary. we do not recommend purchasing a larger (higher carat) diamond if it means sacrificing the quality of the cut. round vs fancy shaped diamonds all diamonds that are not the classic round shape are categorized as “fancy shapes”. due to the alignment of its facets, only a classic round diamond can earn the ideal cut grade. this is not to say fancy shaped diamonds are less desirable — far from it. they are graded differently though; if you are seeking a fancy diamond shape such as princess, cushion or radiant, the cut grades to look for are very good or good. buying tip: cut grade is especially important for square and rectangular diamonds, such as princess, asscher, radiant and emerald shapes. with these shapes, a very good cut grade will ensure a consistent, stunning sparkle and an even distribution of carat weight. diamond clarity clarity refers to a diamond’s natural inclusions, or lack thereof. while small marks within a diamond are natural, their appearance can leave something to be desired if they are visible to the unaided eye. the shape of a diamond can affect the importance of its clarity grade. the facet patterns of the brilliant-cut diamond shapes such as round and princess can hide certain imperfections, but step-cut shapes such as emerald and asscher have large, open tables that make inclusions more obvious. the lowest clarity grade within the ritani diamond inventory is si2. these diamonds may have small visible inclusions. if you are searching for a step-cut diamond, we suggest a minimum clarity grade of vs2. if you want to rest assured that your diamond will display a clean and stunning brilliance, a clarity grade of vvs2 or higher is recommended for all diamond shapes. 10x magnification fl no surface imperfections or inclusions; the rarest of all diamonds. see all flawless diamonds if no visible inclusions, even under magnification. see all internally flawless diamonds vvs1 no imperfections visible to the unaided eye. see all very very slightly included 1 diamonds vvs2 no imperfections visible to the unaided eye. see all very very slightly included 2 diamonds vs1 at vsi, you may be able to see a few tiny imperfections upon close inspection. see all very slightly included 1 diamonds vs2 at vs2, you might be able to see a few more tiny inclusions. see all very slightly included 2 diamonds si1 imperfections, though small, are likely to be visible with the unaided eye. see all slightly included 1 diamonds si2 imperfections, though small, are likely to be visible with the unaided eye. see all slightly included 2 diamonds fl if vvs1 vvs2 vs1 vs2 si1 si2 ritani does not offer diamonds below an si2 clarity grade. why does clarity matter? the clearer a diamond, the more brilliant it is. as you go down the clarity scale, inclusions get more noticeable and disrupt the light flowing through the diamond. this means that diamonds with lots of inclusions are less brilliant, and may even look a bit scratched or dirty to the casual observer. so, although diamonds may be found in included grades of i1, i2, and i3, ritani does not carry diamonds with clarity grades lower than si2. diamond color though it may seem counterintuitive, a diamond’s color grade actually measures how little color it reflects. the diamond color grading scale begins with “d” and ranges down to “z”. a diamond assigned a grade of “d” has absolutely no color -- it looks pure white, even to a gemologist inspecting it carefully under 10x magnification. on the other hand, a diamond assigned a grade of “z” looks yellow or brownish. buying tip: while diamonds in the “colorless” category reflect the purest white light, it is hard for most consumers to see any color in the “near colorless” category. that’s why a “near colorless” diamond is a safe bet if you plan to set it in yellow or rose gold jewelry, since the warm color of the metal makes any yellowness in the diamond less noticeable. but if you want the purest white diamond, select one that’s “colorless” and set it in white gold or platinum. colorless d colorless; appears completely white under 10 times magnification and pairs well with platinum, palladium, and white gold. see all d colored diamonds colorless e colorless; can only be distinguished from d by a gemologist and pairs well with platinum, palladium, and white gold. see all e colored diamonds colorless f colorless; can only be distinguished from d and e by a gemologist and pairs well with platinum, palladium, and white gold. see all f colored diamonds near colorless g near colorless; extremely subtle hints of yellow noticeable only in side-by-side comparison and pairs well with white or yellow gold. see all g colored diamonds near colorless h near colorless; subtle hints of yellow visible in side-by-side comparison and pairs well with white or yellow gold. see all h colored diamonds near colorless i near colorless; subtle hints of yellow noticeable with the unaided eye and pairs well with white or yellow gold. see all i colored diamonds near colorless j near colorless; subtle hints of yellow noticeable with the unaided eye and pairs well with white or yellow gold. see all j colored diamonds faint yellow k faint yellow; appears yellow without magnification and pairs well with yellow gold. see all k colored diamonds faint yellow l faint yellow; appears yellow without magnification and pairs well with yellow gold. see all l colored diamonds noticeable color m a yellow or brown tint is clear to the unaided eye. their visible color makes these diamonds much more affordable. set them in yellow gold for a warm, colorful look. noticeable color n a yellow or brown tint is clear to the unaided eye. their visible color makes these diamonds much more affordable. set them in yellow gold for a warm, colorful look. noticeable color o a yellow or brown tint is clear to the unaided eye. their visible color makes these diamonds much more affordable. set them in yellow gold for a warm, colorful look. noticeable color p a yellow or brown tint is clear to the unaided eye. their visible color makes these diamonds much more affordable. set them in yellow gold for a warm, colorful look. noticeable color q a yellow or brown tint is clear to the unaided eye. their visible color makes these diamonds much more affordable. set them in yellow gold for a warm, colorful look. noticeable color r a yellow or brown tint is clear to the unaided eye. their visible color makes these diamonds much more affordable. set them in yellow gold for a warm, colorful look. very noticeable color s while still considered a ‘white’ diamond, an s-graded diamond has visibly yellow or brown tones. you may find that the color in these diamonds is too much for your taste. very noticeable color t while still considered a ‘white’ diamond, a t-graded diamond has visibly yellow or brown tones. you may find that the color in these diamonds is too much for your taste. very noticeable color u while still considered a ‘white’ diamond, a u-graded diamond has visibly yellow or brown tones. you may find that the color in these diamonds is too much for your taste. very noticeable color v while still considered a ‘white’ diamond, a v-graded diamond has visibly yellow or brown tones. you may find that the color in these diamonds is too much for your taste. very noticeable color w while still considered a ‘white’ diamond, a w-graded diamond has visibly yellow or brown tones. you may find that the color in these diamonds is too much for your taste. very noticeable color x while still considered a ‘white’ diamond, an x-graded diamond has visibly yellow or brown tones. you may find that the color in these diamonds is too much for your taste. very noticeable color y while still considered a ‘white’ diamond, a y-graded diamond has visibly yellow or brown tones. you may find that the color in these diamonds is too much for your taste. very noticeable color z while still considered a ‘white’ diamond, a z-graded diamond has visibly yellow or brown tones. you may find that the color in these diamonds is too much for your taste. d e f g h i j k l m n o p q r s t u v w x y z colorless near colorless faint yellow noticeable color* very noticeable color* ritani does not offer diamonds below an l color grade. diamond carat carat is the measure of how much a diamond weighs. carat is also related to size (how big a diamond looks), although it’s not the only factor that determines size. depending on shape, weight distribution and cut quality, two diamonds with the same carat weight can be different sizes. it’s worth noting that some diamonds are cut solely with an emphasis on weight. these gems can sacrifice brilliance and symmetry in favor of delivering a larger carat figure. at ritani, we recommend seeking a balance between cut and carat weight in order to ensure a symmetrical, brilliantly sparkling diamond. .25ct focus on finding a cut grade of very good or ideal for a brilliantly sparkling diamond. see all .25 ct diamonds .50ct inclusions will be difficult to see in a 0.50 carat diamond, so lower the clarity grade and focus on getting the best color and cut grade within your budget. see all .50 ct diamonds .75ct at this size, any visible inclusions will be less noticeable, so you can afford to go for a lower clarity grade such as si1 or si2. seek a cut grade of very good or ideal. see all .75 ct diamonds 1ct if you’re looking for a solitaire engagement ring, focus on ideal cut with excellent polish and symmetry grades. if you’re pairing with side stones or a halo, focus on higher color and clarity grades. see all 1 ct diamonds 1.25ct if shopping for a diamond 1.25 carats or larger, opt for vs2 clarity or better, since inclusions are more noticeable in larger diamonds. see all 1.25 ct diamonds 1.50ct as an above-average purchase price, focus on mid-range color and clarity while maximizing cut grade. see all 1.5 ct diamonds 1.75ct see all 1.75 ct diamonds 2ct some si inclusions will be visible with the unaided eye, so avoid anything less than vs1 clarity. see all 2 ct diamonds 3ct the larger size magnifies any natural inclusions, so if choosing a diamond lower than vs1 clarity grade, make sure it is eye-clean. avoid any diamonds with fluorescence in this carat range and above. see all 3 ct diamonds 4ct approaching the ultra-luxe, look for diamonds whose natural inclusions are on the pavilion side of the diamond, where they will be less noticeable. see all 4 ct diamonds 5ct the ultimate in luxury; go for the triple x: excellent polish, excellent symmetry and excellent cut. see all 5 ct diamonds skin tone dark light .25ct .50ct .75ct 1ct 1.25ct 1.50ct 2ct 3ct 4ct 5ct choosing your carat weight when you’re ready to choose a carat weight for your diamond, remember that size is not everything – cut grade strongly affects the quality and beauty of your diamond; color and clarity grades do so too (though to a lesser degree). for the best value, consider diamonds slightly lighter than the carat weight you initially had in mind. for example, if you are thinking about purchasing a 1 carat diamond, consider diamonds at 0.95 to 0.99 carats as well. the difference in visual size will be negligible, but the savings can be significant. you can use those savings to invest in a higher cut grade or a more lavish ring setting. buying tip: every diamond within ritani’s inventory is listed with its 4 c specifications as well as polish, symmetry and fluorescence details within its profile. related articles how diamonds are analyzed diamond pricing faqs how to select a high-quality diamond as featured in customer service free in-store preview order status free shipping international shipping free returns lifetime warranty diamond price matching company info about ritani in the news contact us the ritani difference ritani jewelers jobs become an affiliate education diamond shapes the 4cs of diamonds anatomy of a diamond engagement ring styles engagement ring settings precious metals more to explore blog customer reviews engagement stories jewelry insurance stay on top of trends thank you!we have received your email address and youwill start to receive exciting updates. financing | sitemap | terms & conditions | privacy policy | sweepstakes © 1999 - 2018 ritani all rights reserved engagement rings loose diamonds men's wedding bands women's wedding rings diamond earrings diamond bracelets free in-store preview: atlanta charlotte chicago dallas jacksonville new york san francisco washington, d.c. see all cities powered by geotrust shipping to | close one moment please… chat now my wish list