来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20201209164544/https://www.ritani.com/pages/privacy-policy
================================================================================

ritani privacy policy skip to content 15% off jewelry | get codes account bookmark shopping cart diamonds more find your diamond more start with a diamond start with a lab diamond start with a gemologist shop by shape more round cushion princess asscher oval emerald radiant heart pear marquise quick search more shop loose diamonds 1 carat diamonds 1.5 carat diamonds 2 carat diamonds 3 carat diamonds get schooled more diamond inventory - how it works why we're different intro to the 4 c's diamond trends conflict free diamonds lab diamonds more find your lab diamond more start with a lab diamond start with a diamond start with a gemologist shop by shape more round cushion princess asscher oval emerald radiant heart pear marquise quick search more shop lab-grown diamonds 1 carat lab grown diamonds 1.5 carat lab grown diamonds 2 carat lab grown diamonds 3 carat lab grown diamonds why lab grown? more intro to lab grown diamonds lab diamond creation process frequently asked questions engagement rings more create your ring more start with a setting start with a diamond start with a lab diamond custom design your ring start with a recommendation shop by style more halo solitaire sidestone three stone vintage shop by popular shape more round cushion princess oval emerald quick links more shop engagement rings 1 carat engagement rings 1.5 carat engagement rings 2 carat engagement rings 3 carat engagement rings wedding rings more women's wedding rings more simple diamond gemstone lab diamond men's wedding bands more simple modern diamond two tone anniversary rings more eternity stackable five-stone nine-stone quick search more lab diamond wedding rings rose gold wedding rings men's engagement rings jewelry more earrings more gold diamond pearl gemstone rings more gold diamond promise stacking bracelets more gold charm pearl tennis necklaces more gold diamond pearl gemstone jewelry essentials more diamond studs diamond pendants tennis bracelets lab diamond jewelry education more diamonds 101 more intro to the 4 cs intro to diamond shapes anatomy of a diamond diamond certification engagement rings more ring buying essentials tips for buying online intro to setting styles tips to measure ring size helpful guides more jewelry cleaning tips to create a budget terms you should know matching wedding rings blog more celebrity weddings relationships engagements search search our store search more x search our store search diamonds more find your diamond more start with a diamond start with a lab diamond start with a gemologist shop by shape more round cushion princess asscher oval emerald radiant heart pear marquise quick search more shop loose diamonds 1 carat diamonds 1.5 carat diamonds 2 carat diamonds 3 carat diamonds get schooled more diamond inventory - how it works why we're different intro to the 4 c's diamond trends conflict free diamonds lab diamonds more find your lab diamond more start with a lab diamond start with a diamond start with a gemologist shop by shape more round cushion princess asscher oval emerald radiant heart pear marquise quick search more shop lab-grown diamonds 1 carat lab grown diamonds 1.5 carat lab grown diamonds 2 carat lab grown diamonds 3 carat lab grown diamonds why lab grown? more intro to lab grown diamonds lab diamond creation process frequently asked questions engagement rings more create your ring more start with a setting start with a diamond start with a lab diamond custom design your ring start with a recommendation shop by style more halo solitaire sidestone three stone vintage shop by popular shape more round cushion princess oval emerald quick links more shop engagement rings 1 carat engagement rings 1.5 carat engagement rings 2 carat engagement rings 3 carat engagement rings wedding rings more women's wedding rings more simple diamond gemstone lab diamond men's wedding bands more simple modern diamond two tone anniversary rings more eternity stackable five-stone nine-stone quick search more lab diamond wedding rings rose gold wedding rings men's engagement rings jewelry more earrings more gold diamond pearl gemstone rings more gold diamond promise stacking bracelets more gold charm pearl tennis necklaces more gold diamond pearl gemstone jewelry essentials more diamond studs diamond pendants tennis bracelets lab diamond jewelry education more diamonds 101 more intro to the 4 cs intro to diamond shapes anatomy of a diamond diamond certification engagement rings more ring buying essentials tips for buying online intro to setting styles tips to measure ring size helpful guides more jewelry cleaning tips to create a budget terms you should know matching wedding rings blog more celebrity weddings relationships engagements facebook twitter pinterest instagram sign in bookmark shopping cart we use cookies for advertising purposes, analytics (including your interaction with and navigation of and with this site), and to improve our site and services. for more information about our use of cookies, the information we collect, how it is used, and your rights, see our privacy policy x privacy policy ritani website privacy policy our policy electronic commodities exchange, l.p. (d/b/a ritani) ("ritani", "we", "us" and/or "our") is committed to protecting your privacy. this privacy policy explains how ritani collects, uses, and shares the information we collect from visitors to our website (the “site”) and applies to the products and/or services offered through or in connection with use of and/or access to the sites (collectively, the “services”). by accessing or using our services, you signify that you have read, understood and agree to our collection, storage, use and disclosure of your personally identifiable data (including, by way of example, name, address, phone number, email address, and credit card number) (collectively, "personal data"), as well as other information that is collected and/or received by us in connection with your use of and/or access to the site, as described in this privacy policy and our terms of use. please make sure you carefully read this privacy policy and understand how we use your personal data. if you have any questions about this privacy policy or our practices please contact us at privacy@ritani.com or 1.888.9ritani (1.888.974.8264). information we collect personal data that you provide through the site: identity and contact data, including your name, address, telephone number, date of birth, email address, tax status and other personal data concerning your preferences relevant to our services; financial and payment data, including your and other data necessary for for processing payments and fraud prevention, including credit/debit card numbers, security code code numbers and other related billing information; profile data, including passwords to ritani sites or password protected platforms or services, your preferences in receiving marketing information from us, your communication preferences.; technical and analytic data, including usage information collected during your visits to the site through cookies, clear gifs, log files, and other tracking technologies, and we may use third party analytics partners, such as google analytics, to assist with this collection. the type of information collected can include information about how you use the sites (e.g., the pages you view, the links you click) information about your browser and usage patterns (e.g., referring/exit pages, page response times, download errors, length of visits and page interaction information the internet protocol (ip) address, login data, browser type and version, and information about your device used to access the site (e.g., mobile device id, device type, time zone setting, browser plug-in types and versions, operating system and platform). we use this information to monitor aggregate use metrics, analyze traffic patterns, track content you may be interested in, diagnose and fix technology problems and otherwise plan for and enhance our website. physical access data, relating to details of your visits to our stores for collection of products you purchased. statistical information: we use statistical information which may include personal data for aggregated anonymised analysis. our site receives and stores certain aggregated anonymised information. such information, which is collected passively using various technologies, is not used to specifically identify you. we use this information to understand how our site is performing. the types of information we collect include, the total number of visitors to our site, the number of visitors to each page of our site, and the domain names of our visitor's internet service providers. third-party internet based advertising: we also use third parties service providers for online advertising. these third-party advertising service providers may use information (not including your name, address, email address or telephone number) about your visits our site and other web sites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you. if you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this information collected and used by these companies, please visit daa opt-out program or nai opt-out program. please note that we also may work with companies that offer their own opt-out mechanisms or do not participate in the opt-out mechanisms described above. even after using these opt-out mechanisms, you may receive interest-based advertising from other companies. aggregated personal data: in an on-going effort to better understand and serve the users of the ritani services, ritani often conducts research on its customer demographics, interests and behavior based on the personal data and other information that is collected and/or received from you through your use of the site. this research may be compiled and analysed on an aggregate basis, and ritani may share this aggregate data with its affiliates, agents and business partners. this aggregate information does not identify you personally. ritani may also disclose aggregated user statistics in order to describe our services to current and prospective business partners, and to other third parties for other lawful purposes. third-party storefront providers.  ritani may from time to time engage one or more third parties to provide storefront services on its behalf, e.g., present products for sale and process point of sale transactions.  personal data that you provide through the site may also be transmitted and stored by any such third parties, but only for the use and benefit of ritani.  similarly, any use of your personal data and other information may be may by such third parties in providing any such storefront services, but again, solely for the use and benifit of ritani; although such use may involve inclusion as part of anonymized and/or aggregated data used by third parties other than ritani. our use of your personal data and other information we may use your personal data as well as other information that is collected and/or received by us in connection with your use of and/or access to the site for the following purposes: process any transactions you make using the website, including contacting you if we have any query regarding orders or responding to any of your queries; provide our goods and services to you and for associated purposes; carry out our obligations arising from any contracts entered into between you and us; contact you (including by post, email and sms) about our products, services, offers which we think may be of interest to you and for market research purposes, subject always to your marketing preferences; improve your browsing experience by developing and improving the design and layout of the website, through analysis of your usage; contact you for your feedback on our products and services, including requests for reviews, ratings and satisfaction surveys; contact you to provide you information about third party products, services or offers which may be of interest to you, subject always to your consent (if applicable) or your chosen marketing preferences (which you can update at any time); contact you in relation to any prize draws, competitions or other promotions that you have entered or subscribed to; for research, analysis and risk management; and enable us to comply with any legal or regulatory requirements and in the detection and prevention of theft, fraud or other crimes. marketing we would like to keep in touch with you about our services and products, but if you do not want to receive updates about our products and services, you can let us know at any time. you can do this either by emailing us at privacy@ritani.com  or "opt-out" by following the instructions in our emails. our disclosure of your personal data and other information there are certain circumstances in which we may share your personal data as well as other information that is collected and/or received by us in connection with your use of and/or access to the site with certain third parties, as set forth below: business transfers: as we develop our business, we might sell or buy businesses or assets. in the event of a corporate sale, merger, reorganization, dissolution or similar event, personal data, as well as other information that is collected and/or received from you through your use of the sites may be part of the transferred assets. we will only disclose your information in relation to such potential transactions where it is necessary to do so. ritani affiliated companies and business partners: we may also share your personal data with our affiliates and business partners (i.e., retail jewelers we have a relationship with), including, without limitation, to provide personalized services, in order for you to engage in an in-person retail experience, to notify you of special and/or promotional offers, discounts and sales and to place you on mailing lists for newsletters. free in-store preview may not be available in all areas. if required under applicable data protection laws, we will obtain your consent prior to sharing your personal data with such third parties for marketing. to request that you no longer receive communications from such third parties, please contact them directly. you can ask us to stop sending you marketing information at any time by either clicking on the unsubscribe link at the bottom of our emails or by contacting us at privacy@ritani.com. agents, consultants and third parties: ritani, like many businesses, sometimes hires third party services provider to perform certain business-related functions. examples of such functions include mailing information maintaining databases, managing customer reviews and moderation and processing payments (for example, border free, our third party services provider for international shipping). when we use such third party services providers to perform services on our behalf we only provide them with the information that they need to perform their specific function. in some cases these third parties may request additional information directly from you in order to carry out their services, these third parties may have their own privacy terms which we recommend you review. financing options: we also allow customers to purchase our products with third party finance. these financing options are not provided by ritani, but by selected third parties. if you choose to use a financing option you will be directed to an unaffiliated third party website (for example, synchrony financial). any finance product you obtain through these third parties will be governed by separate terms and conditions and the personal data you provide directly to these third parties will be governed by their own privacy policy. we recommend you review such additional terms thoroughly. we do not have any control over these third parties and we do not provide them with any of your personal data unless you ask us to. erms which we recommend you review. legal requirements: ritani may disclose your personal data, as well as other information that is received or collected in connection with your use of the site if required to do so by law, rules or regulations or order or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to (i) comply with a legal obligation, (ii) protect and defend the rights or property of ritani, (iii) act in urgent circumstances to protect the personal safety of users of the site or the public, or (iv) protect against legal liability. data transfers if you provide personal data to the site, you acknowledge that such personal data may be transferred from your home country to ritani and appointed third parties (as referred to in this privacy policy) to the united states. we take measures to provide appropriate level of data privacy protection. for example, we use approved standard contractual clauses, intragroup agreements, and other measures designed to ensure that recipients of your personal information protect it. your choices you can use the site without providing any personal data. if you choose not to provide any personal data, you may not be able to use certain services or we may not be able to provide you with our products. children please note that this website is not designed to be used by or collect any personal information from individuals under the age of majority. we encourage parents and legal guardians to monitor their children's internet usage and to help enforce our privacy policy by instructing their children never to provide personal data on the sites without their permission. if you have reason to believe that an individual under the age of majority has provided personal data to ritani through the sites, please contact us, and we will endeavor to delete that information from our databases. links to other websites this privacy policy applies only to the site. the site may contain links to other web sites not operated or controlled by ritani (the "third party sites"). the policies and procedures we described here do not apply to the third party sites. the links from the site do not imply that ritani endorses or has reviewed the third party sites. we suggest contacting those sites directly for information on their privacy policies. security and data retention ritani takes reasonable steps to protect the personal data provided via the site from loss, misuse, and unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration, or destruction. however, no internet or email transmission is ever fully secure or error free. in particular, email sent to or from the site may not be secure. therefore, you should take special care in deciding what information you send to us via email. please keep this in mind when disclosing any personal data to ritani via the internet. other terms and conditions your access to and use of the sites is subject to the terms of use. change to ritani's privacy policy we may make changes to this privacy policy in order to comply with our legal or regulatory obligations, to reflect a change in our business or updates to our site. ritani reserves the right to update or modify this privacy policy at any time and from time to time upon written notice or posting to the site. please review this policy periodically, and especially before you provide any personal data. this privacy policy was last updated on the date indicated below. your continued use of the site after any changes or revisions to this privacy policy shall indicate your agreement with the terms of such revised privacy policy. you may contact us as follows: privacy@ritani.com or 1.888.9ritani (1.888.974.8264) additional california privacy rights california's "shine the light" law (civil code section § 1798.83) permits visitors who are california residents to request certain information regarding our disclosure of personal information (as defined in california civil code section 1798.83(e)(7) located at: https://leginfo.legislature.ca.gov/faces/codes_displaysection.xhtml?sectionnum=1798.83.&lawcode=civ) to third parties for their direct marketing purposes. to make a request to access such information, please contact us at ccpa@ritani.com. after receiving such a request, we will provide a list of the categories of such personal information disclosed to third parties for third-party direct marketing purposes during the immediately preceding calendar year, along with the names and addresses of these third parties. this request may be made no more than once per calendar year. we reserve our right not to respond to requests submitted other than to the address specified in this paragraph. for california consumers who are california residents, please see our notice to california consumers subject to the  california consumer privacy act. your european privacy rights for the purposes of applicable data protection law (in particular, the general data protection regulation (eu) 2016/679 (the "gdpr"), your data will be controlled by ritani. the gdpr entitles european residents certain rights in relation to their personal data. under certain circumstances, if you are a european resident by law you have the right to: update, modify, delete or obtain (commonly known as a "subject access request") a copy of the personal data that we hold on you; or restrict or stop us from using any of the personal data which we hold about you. you can exercise these rights by contacting privacy@ritani.com. we endeavour to respond to such requests within a month or less, although we reserve the right to extend this period for requests we deem complex. where appropriate, we will respond to your requests in writing or by email. if you require our response in a different format, please let us know. in addition, if eu based individuals have a complaint about the way that we have handled their personal information or a data subject access request, they have the right to contact a supervisory authority to lodge a complaint. they may contact the supervisory authority in the european union (or european economic area) state where they work, normally live or where any alleged infringement of data protection laws occurred. the supervisory authority in the uk is the information commissioner who may be contacted at https://ico.org.uk/concerns/ or telephone: [0303 123 1113]. last updated: may 28th, 2020 3 barker avenuewhite plains, ny 10601 1.888.9ritani (1.888.974.8264) the engagement ring company that’ll do anything for love. diamond inventory ritani difference our services about ritani ritani reviews frequently asked questions diamond buy-back program financing contact us shipping and returns warranty terms and conditions privacy policy california privacy policy copyright © ritani 2020 | powered by shopify payment methods accepted amazon amazon payments american express american express apple pay apple pay diners club diners club discover discover jcb jcb mastercard master paypal paypal venmo venmo visa visa $0.00 usd