来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20211226230815/https://www.ritani.com/pages/frequently-asked-questions
================================================================================

ritani frequently asked questions | ritanisave on your diamond, wedding band, and more | get codesmy storefind your storeuse current locationwhy ritaniritani differenceour services frequently asked questionscontact uscallemailchat>diamondsfind your diamondstart with a diamondstart with a lab diamondshop by shaperoundcushionprincessasscherovalemeraldradiantheartpearmarquisequick searchshop loose diamonds1 carat diamonds1.5 carat diamonds2 carat diamonds3 carat diamondsget schooleddiamond inventory - how it workswhy we're differentintro to the 4 csdiamond trendsconflict free diamondsfancy yellow diamondsshop nowlab diamondsfind your lab diamondstart with a lab diamondstart with a diamondshop by shaperoundcushionprincessasscherovalemeraldradiantheartpearmarquisequick searchshop lab-grown diamonds1 carat lab grown diamonds1.5 carat lab grown diamonds2 carat lab grown diamonds3 carat lab grown diamondswhy lab grown?intro to lab grown diamondslab diamond creation processfrequently asked questionswhat are lab-grown diamonds?learn moreengagement ringscreate your diamond ringstart with a settingstart with a diamondstart with a lab diamondshop by stylehalosolitairesidestonethree stonevintage inspiredshop by shaperoundcushionprincessovalemeraldpopular ring searcheswhite gold engagement ringsyellow gold engagement rings1 carat engagement rings1.5 carat engagement rings2 carat engagement rings new arrivalsshop nowwedding ringswomen's wedding ringssimplediamondgemstonemen's wedding bandssimplemoderndiamondtwo toneanniversary ringseternitystackablefive-stonenine-stonequick searchrose gold wedding ringsmen's engagement ringshow to match your wedding & engagement ringlearn morejewelryjewelryearringsnecklacesbraceletsringsdiamond jewelry design your own earringsdesign your own pendantpreset diamond studspreset diamond pendantslab grown diamond giftsgiftsanniversary giftsbridal giftsclassic pieces of jewelrylearn moreeducationdiamonds 101intro to the 4 csintro to diamond shapesanatomy of a diamonddiamond certificationengagement ringsring buying essentialstips for buying onlineintro to setting stylestips to measure ring sizehelpful guidesjewelry cleaningtips to create a budgetterms you should knowmatching wedding ringsblogcelebrityweddingsrelationshipsengagements buying an engagement ringlearn more>cart (0)no items in your carttotal:$0.00checkout>sign in to use wishlist>your ringyour earringyour pendantchoosesettingschoosediamondspayments do you offer split payment options for your customers?absolutely! please call us at 1.888.974.8264 or contact our customer service team and they will be more than happy to accommodate your payment methods.  engagement ringsare your engagement ring settings nickel-free?in order to give our customers with sensitive skin more options, our 18kt gold settings are available nickel-free for an additional $100 - contact customer service at 1-888-9ritani or email [email protected] to get a nickel-free setting. platinum is another hypoallergenic option.i already have an heirloom diamond. can you put it in one of your settings?we can put an heirloom diamond in one of our settings at no additional cost, however, you will need to mail us your diamond so it can be reset in our white plains factory. we may request that you sign a waiver for this service. 1-888-9ritani if you would like your jewelry to be engraved.click here. what is minimum total carat weight?minimum total carat weight refers to the lowest combined weight of all of the diamonds in a piece of jewelry.    what makes a ring look cheap?a poorly cut diamond center stone can make a ring look less attractive. cut is the most important factor for your diamond as it influences the level of sparkle. choose a very good or ideal cut grade for your diamond.  is 3 carats too big for an engagement ring?a 3-carat diamond will be a beautiful and eye-catching choice for your engagement ring. is a $2000 dollar engagement ring cheap?in 2019, the average cost ritani customers spent on an engagement ring was $6,480. however, you can still get a gorgeous engagement ring with a $2,000 budget.   diamondscan you engrave a diamond?engravings can be added to the girdle of the diamond using lasers. please note that engraving a diamond will make it final sale. you can learn more about diamond engraving here. if you are interested in engraving your diamond, please contact our customer service team.  are ritani diamonds real? each ritani diamond is 100% real and is graded by an independent agency. your diamond will come with a grading certificate, as well as a free appraisal.  i’m interested in learning more about a diamond through a virtual gemologist appointment. will the diamond be sold to someone else by then? you can request for a diamond to be reserved. just contact our customer service team at 1-888-9ritani or email [email protected]how long does it take to receive hd images of the diamond i am interested in?it can take up to 48 business hours to receive hd diamond images.can i upgrade my diamond?any ritani diamond purchased directly on ritani.com after october 11, 2012 is eligible for an upgrade, as long as it is certified by the gia or agsl. you can upgrade to a diamond that is at least 2.5x greater in value than your original diamond. we will exchange your diamond for credit equal to 100% of its original value. to start the diamond upgrade process, contact customer service at 1-888-9ritani or email [email protected]diamond upgrade qualifications were updated on april 2nd, 2021. what is the best fake diamond to buy? cubic zirconia is the most common fake diamond. moissanite is a very convincing diamond simulant.  are simulated diamonds worth anything? simulated diamonds such as cubic zirconia are produced to be an affordable alternative to diamonds so they are not worth much. are moissanite diamonds fake? moissanite is not a diamond; it is made of silicon carbide while diamonds are made solely of carbon. moissanite will easily pass for a diamond. is 1.5 carats a good size?a 1.5-carat diamond is slightly larger than the average engagement ring center stone and will make a lovely choice for your ring. is 2 carat diamond big?the average diamond engagement ring center stone ranges from 0.75-1 carat, so a 2-carat diamond is certainly above average and will be noticeably large. how big of a diamond can you get for $10000?there are many other factors that go into a diamond’s pricing, such as cut, color, and clarity, so it is difficult to say how large of a diamond you can get with that budget. for example, there are 1-carat diamonds that cost $10,000, but there are also 2-carat diamonds that cost $10,000. which diamond shape looks biggest?marquise-cut diamonds look the biggest since they have the largest surface area. other fancy shapes such as the oval-cut diamond and pear-cut diamond also have large surface areas, making them appear larger than stones of the same carat weight. lab grown diamondsare lab grown diamonds real?yes, lab grown diamonds are 100% real diamonds. they are chemically, physically, and optically identical to earth grown diamonds. a lab grown diamond will test as a diamond using a diamond detector.are lab grown diamonds better than earth grown diamonds?people often assume that lab grown diamonds are more “perfect” than earth grown diamonds. lab grown diamonds can still have inclusions, just like earth grown diamonds. when choosing between a lab grown diamond or an earth grown diamond, it’s really all about preference. some people love that lab grown diamonds can be up to 30% less expensive, while others love that natural diamonds are produced by mother nature.can you tell the difference between a lab grown diamond and an earth grown diamond?since lab grown diamonds are chemically the same as earth grown diamonds, you cannot tell them apart, even with a loupe.can i upgrade my lab grown diamond?at this time, we do not offer upgrades on lab grown diamonds.jewelryis jewelry covered by the warranty?only engagement rings and wedding rings are covered by the warranty. jewelry is not covered.can you repair broken jewelry?if a piece of jewelry needs to be repaired, it should be sent to us for an assessment. if there are any fees, the customer will be notified of the cost prior to any work being done. once the fee(s) are approved, our team will proceed with the repair. please contact customer service at 1-888-9ritani or email [email protected] for assistance.do you offer screw-back earrings?we offer screw-back earrings at an additional cost. please contact customer service at 1-888-9ritani or email [email protected] to request screw-back earrings.do you resize fashion rings?we cannot resize fashion rings. we advise that you make sure it fits your finger within the 30 day return period. we would be more than happy to exchange it for you.does ritani create custom jewelry?ritani would be delighted to create your dream piece of jewelry. please note that custom jewelry is non-returnable. to get started on your custom piece of jewelry, please contact customer service at 1-888-9ritani or email [email protected]wedding ringsare your wedding rings nickel-free?in order to give our customers with sensitive skin more options, nickel-free wedding rings are available in 18kt gold for an additional $100 fee. please contact customer service at 1-888-9ritani or email [email protected] to order a nickel-free wedding ring. platinum is another hypoallergenic option. do you resize wedding rings? all wedding rings, excluding eternity bands(*) and alternative metals(**) may be resized once for free within the first year of purchase. if the request does not fall within the above guidelines, feel free to contact our diamond concierge team with additional questions.(*) eternity bands - rings that have diamonds all around the band, therefore not allowing room for modifications.(**) alternative metals include cobalt, titanium, tungsten, and palladium.do you create custom wedding rings? yes, we create custom wedding rings! there’s no extra fee to create a custom ring. we’ll create a 3d render for you so you’ll know exactly what your ring will look like. to get started, call customer service at 1-888-9ritani or email [email protected]can you engrave wedding rings?all wedding rings come with complimentary engraving. we can even engrave symbols such as hearts and infinity signs. due to the nature of eternity bands, they cannot be engraved. depending on your ring size, we can engrave up to 12 characters including spacing. contact customer service at 1-888-9ritani if you would like your jewelry to be engraved.what should i engrave on my wedding ring?couples often choose their anniversary, the date they met, or their partner’s initials to engrave on the band.how do i know what my ring size is?aside from visiting a jeweler, the best way to learn you or your partner’s ring size is by using a ring sizing tool. ritani will mail you an easy-to-use ring sizer for free so you can discover your ring size at your convenience. contact our customer service team to receive a free ring sizer.can i see your wedding rings in person? ritani has showrooms in new york, d.c., and philadelphia where you can see and try on some of our wedding rings. you can learn more about our different showrooms here.anniversary giftingdo you offer gift receipts?yes, ritani offers gift receipts. when you are checking out, make sure to check the box “this order is a gift.” if you have already ordered something and forgot to check the box, contact customer service at 1-888-9ritani or email [email protected] now.do you accept returns on jewelry?jewelry can be returned. however, custom jewelry pieces cannot be returned. you can read more about our return policy here. note: two returns/exchanges are allowed per customer, per year.i bought a diamond from ritani a few years ago. can i upgrade my diamond as an anniversary gift?any ritani diamond purchased directly on ritani.com after october 11, 2012 is eligible for an upgrade, as long as it is certified by the gia or agsl. you can upgrade to a diamond that is at least 50% greater in value than your original diamond. we will exchange your diamond for credit equal to 100% of its original value. to start the diamond upgrade process, contact customer service at 1-888-9ritani or email [email protected]what should i get as an anniversary gift?there are no strict rules as to what you should get as an anniversary gift. some common anniversary gifts include eternity bands and diamond earrings - but get whatever you feel your partner would wear and cherish.shipping/returns/exchangescan my order be delivered internationally?yes. international customers must pay for shipping, duties, and taxes. for further information, please contact customer service via email at [email protected] or at 1-888-9ritani. note: two returns/exchanges are allowed per customer, per year.are returns free?there is no cost to make a return. we can even schedule a fedex pick up at your home or office. you’ll also receive free return insurance. free returns & exchanges are only available with in the u.s. international customers will need to pay duties, shipping and taxes. ﻿note: two returns/exchanges are allowed per customer, per year.how many days do i have to make a return?orders can be returned within 30 days of delivery to your home or partner store.how long will it take for my order to arrive?we offer free overnight shipping within the u.s. it can take anywhere from three days to two weeks to receive an engagement ring or wedding ring depending on the style of the ring.can i ship an order to a location that is not my billing address?you can ship to an alternate location. however, your alternate shipping address needs to be on file with your credit card in order to receive the package. simply call your bank and provide them with the alternate shipping address.is packaging discreet?all orders will arrive in a discreetly marked package in order to not ruin the surprise.can i track my package?for security purposes, we can’t disclose the tracking number. however, when your order ships, you will be notified via email and a link will be included to track your package by entering your order number.warranty is fine jewelry covered by the warranty?only engagement rings and wedding rings are covered by the warranty. jewelry is not covered.what are manufacturing defects?the warranty covers all manufacturing defects - it does not cover normal wear and tear. manufacturing defects are determined upon inspection at ritani and not a ritani authorized dealer and/or retailer. ritani will provide a prepaid shipping label to have the item sent in for inspection. ritani will review manufacturing defects and to their discretion advise if they can repair, if not they will replace the item at no cost to the consumer. if ritani confirms manufacturer defects, ritani will cover the cost for return shipment.if damage is determined to not be manufacturing defect, ritani will notify customer and inform them of any repair services needed and cost at that time. no work will be done without customers consent at this point. shipping both ways will be added to the fee. priority overnight shipping is $35 one way for a us shipment. for customers outside the us, shipping costs are specific to the value of the product and destination, duties and taxes may apply.diamond coverage: if rings are received with any cracked or chipped diamonds the customer must notify ritani immediately to put in the claim. if they do not, they will not be covered.what are examples of wear and tear that are not covered? discoloration due to exposure to chemicals, makeup, swimming pools, hot tubs & bathing.prongs & precious metals wear over time and require restoration work as apart of normal wear and tear.bent, worn out and prongs that have been caught in fabrics and pulled that have allowed a stone to fall out or become lost are due to normal wear and tear.lost stones or stones that have fallen out, been chipped or have broken that is caused by normal wear and tear.what will void the warranty?the warranty is automatically voided if maintenance, repair, sizing and/or other services are performed by someone other than ritani and/or a ritani approved location. approval needs to be granted by our customer service team and appointment for in store repair will be made by one of our customer service representatives.do you cover ring sizing? all engagement rings & wedding rings, excluding eternity bands(*) and alternative metals(**) may be resized once for free within the first year of purchase.(*) eternity bands - rings that have diamonds all around the band, therefore not allowing room for modifications.(**) alternative metals are - cobalt, titanium, palladium.shipping is covered both ways for the customer both in the us and canadacustomers may utilize a ritani authorized dealer and/or retailer for their complementary sizing only in cases where the ring needs to be sized within ¼ size up or down. if customer would like to redeem these services at a local jeweler that is a ritani authorized dealer, request needs to be processed through csr team and our csr team will facilitate an appointment between customer and store. requests not processed through customer service are invalid and fees may be applicable.do you cover prong tightening, re-polishing, or rhodium plating? all of the above services must be done at ritani and/or a ritani authorized dealer.a $35 one way shipping fee will apply for us shipments to have the item(s) sent to ritani for servicing. ritani will cover the return shipment. for customers outside the us, shipping costs are specific to the value of the product and destination, duties and taxes may apply.if a customer would like to redeem these services at a local jeweler that is a ritani authorized dealer, the request needs to be processed through our customer service team. our team will facilitate an appointment between the customer and store. fees may still be applicable if you are serviced directly through a ritani authorized dealer. we do not cover these fees. however, you can choose to send your ring to our new york factory for free servicing. we will notify you in advance if there are any repairs that need to be made at an additional cost.do i really need to activate my warranty within 45 days?while we recommend that it is activated within 45 days, you are able to activate it at any time.why do you need the recipient’s info to activate the warranty?we request the recipient’s info so that in the unlikely event of an issue with their engagement ring or wedding ring, we can work directly with them to resolve the issue.3 barker avenuewhite plains, ny 106011.888.9ritani (1.888.974.8264)the engagement ring company that’ll do anything for love.diamond inventoryfinancing & split payments ritani differencecontact usour services shipping and returnsabout ritaniterms and conditionsritani reviewsprivacy policyfrequently asked questionscalifornia privacy policydiamond buy-back programsms terms of serviceprotect your rings with buffrget diamonds in new yorkcopyright © ritani 2021