来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20221201171613/https://www.ritani.com/blogs/news/7-ways-to-spot-fake-diamonds
================================================================================

7 ways to spot fake diamonds | ritanisummer savings | click to get codesmy store>find your storeuse current locationwhy ritaniritani differenceour services frequently asked questionscontact uscallemailchatusa/>diamondsfind your diamondstart with a diamondstart with a lab diamondshop by shaperoundcushionprincessasscherovalemeraldradiantheartpearmarquisequick searchshop loose diamonds1 carat diamonds1.5 carat diamonds2 carat diamonds3 carat diamondsget schooleddiamond inventory - how it workswhy we're differentintro to the 4 csdiamond trendsconflict free diamondsfancy yellow diamondsshop nowlab diamondsfind your lab diamondstart with a lab diamondstart with a diamondshop by shaperoundcushionprincessasscherovalemeraldradiantheartpearmarquisequick searchshop lab-grown diamonds1 carat lab grown diamonds1.5 carat lab grown diamonds2 carat lab grown diamonds3 carat lab grown diamondswhy lab grown?intro to lab grown diamondslab diamond creation processfrequently asked questionswhat are lab-grown diamonds?learn moreengagement ringscreate your diamond ringstart with a settingstart with a diamondstart with a lab diamondshop by stylehalosolitairesidestonetwo stonethree stonevintageshop by shaperoundcushionprincessovalemeraldpopular ring searcheswhite gold engagement ringsyellow gold engagement rings1 carat engagement rings1.5 carat engagement rings2 carat engagement rings new arrivalsshop nowwedding ringswomen's wedding ringssimplediamondstackablemen's wedding bandssimplemoderndiamondtwo toneanniversary ringseternityfive-stoneseven-stonenine-stonequick searchrose gold wedding ringsmen's engagement ringsfind your perfect match! shop wedding rings nowjewelrydesign your ownearringspendantsdiamond jewelrydiamond earringsdiamond necklaces & pendantsdiamond ringsdiamond braceletsfashion jewelryearringsnecklaces & pendantsbraceletsringsgiftsanniversary giftsbridal party giftsdiscover our collection of diamond essentials, including preset diamonds studs, pendants and tennis bracelets.shop diamond jewelry noweducationdiamonds 101intro to the 4 csintro to diamond shapesanatomy of a diamonddiamond certificationengagement ringsring buying essentialstips for buying onlineintro to setting stylestips to measure ring sizepopular guidesengagement ring buying guidehow to buy a cheap engagement ringengagement ring tips and trickshow to buy a 1 carat engagement ringhelpful guidesjewelry cleaningtips to create a budgetterms you should knowmatching wedding ringsblogblogcelebrityweddingsrelationshipsengagementsdiamondsengagement ringsthe most expensive diamonds ever sold at auctionread moreasking her dad for permission to marry her is so 1917read more7 ways to spot fake diamondsread more>cart (0)no items in your cartsubtotal:$0.00checkout>sign in to use wishlist>your ringyour earringyour pendantchoosesettingschoosediamonds< previous articlemay 3, 2022next article >7 ways to spot fake diamondstags:diamondshave you ever been suspicious that a loose diamond you bought wasn’t real, or wondered whether your diamond jewelry was genuine? if the stone came with a certificate from the gia or ags, you can rest assured that it’s legit. however, if the diamond was a gift or an inheritance and you don’t have the certificate, you’re right to wonder.if you’ve got a stone you’re in doubt about, here are 7 ways to check its authenticity.the magnification testthe fog testthe black light testthe newspaper testthe temperature testthe water testthe conductivity testshould you try the scratch test?people used to think that the “scratch test” was the easiest way to test a diamond. the test is to simply scratch the loose stone against a mirror. the idea is that if the stone is hard enough to scratch the mirror, it’s probably a diamond.in terms of the mohs scale, however, this test proves inaccurate. the mohs scale is a scientific measurement of mineral hardness. glass is rated a 5.5, and diamonds, the hardest mineral, are a 10. so, genuine diamonds will scratch a mirror. on the other hand, so will quartz (7), moissanite (9.25), and cubic zirconia (8). moissanite and cubic zirconia engagement rings are almost as hard as their diamond counterparts.most well-made synthetic diamonds will seem authentic if you only use the scratch test. here are some other tests with more reliable results.1. it’s a little too perfect: the magnification test what you need: a magnifying glass with 10x magnification or highera diamond that you know is genuineyour questionable stone how it works:first look at your questionable stone under the microscope. then look at the genuine diamond, and compare the differences. the genuine diamond will have some internal or external flaws, known as inclusions. if the other stone is cubic zirconia or moissanite, it will have no internal flaws, and probably no external flaws either.that’s because real diamonds are natural rocks that were formed in the earth, while cubic zirconia and moissanite are grown in labs. they’re not subject to all the environmental pressures that diamonds get while forming, so they don’t have those telltale quirks that identify a real diamond.caveats: 2. it retains heat: the fog test what you need: yourselfthe questionable stone how it works:go to a relatively cool location, and blow hot air on the stone. (just don’t do this in the middle of central park unless you want to get some funny looks.) you’re trying to surround the stone with warm moist air. since a real diamond doesn’t retain heat well, your breath won’t create a fog on its surface. but a piece of moissanite will get fogged up quickly, just like your mirror, sunglasses, or cell phone screen. 3. it doesn’t glow: the black light test what you need: a strong uv lightthe stone how it works:hold the stone under the uv light, and see if the color seems to change at all. if the stone emits a bluish glow, it is most likely a real diamond.caveats:because of the way fluorescence in real diamonds works, this test isn’t definitive. since some real diamonds don’t have any fluorescence, you wouldn’t see a blue glow even if it was real.so, if the stone doesn’t emit a blue glow or glows a different color under the uv light, you can try another one of these tests at home. to get the most definitive answer, you should take it in to a professional jeweler. 4. you can see right through it: the newspaper test what you need: a newspaperthe stone in question how it works:place the stone on top of the newspaper, and see if you can read the words on the page through it.a real diamond of decent quality will refract light so intensely that you can’t see through it. on the other hand, cubic zirconia is more transparent, and you’ll be able to see right through it.caveats:this test is less reliable if the stone is relatively small (less than a half-carat), or is set in a piece of jewelry, which can obstruct your view. 5. it can’t take the heat: the candle/lighter test what you need: a lighter or candle flamea glass of very cold watera pair of tweezers to hold the stone withthe stone in question (loose — don’t do this if it’s in a piece of jewelry!) how it works:holding the loose stone with the tweezers, heat it up over the lighter or candle flame for about 30 – 45 seconds. then, drop it immediately into the icy water. a real loose diamond will not react to this extreme temperature change (they’re made of extremely strong material). however, many fake diamonds – including those made of glass, cubic zirconia, or quartz – will break or shatter during this test.caveats:if your stone survives this test, congratulations! but be prepared to clean off any residual ash from the flame afterward. the quickest way is to soak it in a solution of warm water and toothpaste for at least 3 minutes, then gently scrub it clean with a toothbrush. and don’t forget to rinse! 6. it floats: the water test what you need: a glass of waterthe loose stone how it works:simply drop the loose stone into the water. because loose diamonds are so dense, they should sink to the bottom when dropped in a glass of water. many diamond fakes – glass and quartz included – will float or not sink as quickly because they’re less dense.caveats:this test is not foolproof. large pieces of cubic zirconia and moissanite can sink fairly quickly if they’re heavy enough, even though they’re not as dense as a diamond. 7. it resists electricity: the conductivity test what you need: you’re going to have to leave the house for this one. take your stone to a local jeweler. how it works:something that not too many people know about diamonds is that they resist electricity. testing a loose stone for electric conductivity is especially helpful if you aren’t sure whether your stone is a diamond or moissanite. moissanite (if it is made well) can be extremely difficult to tell apart from a genuine diamond, having the same level of thermal conductivity. however, one relatively simple way to tell the difference is that moissanite will conduct electricity while a natural diamond will not.with the rise of moissanite in today’s diamond market, the majority of jewelers have an electricity testing tool on hand to determine the real from the synthetic.​related:  do lab-created diamonds test as real?​if you have a loose stone or piece of diamond jewelry and you are unsure about its authenticity, try some of these home tests. or, bring the stone to any of ritani’s retail partners, who are sure to have electricity testing, uv lights, and more tools that can determine the difference between a real diamond and a fake.have you ever tested at home or at a jewelry store whether a diamond was real or fake? what were the results? please share any comparison photos, comments, or additional questions in the comments below!looking for a certified real diamond? explore our selection of more than 80,000 of the highest quality loose diamonds.shop diamondsdiamond price calculatordiamond shapeshape influences the personality and price of a diamond.roundcolora diamond’s color grade actually measures how little color it reflects.dclarityclarity indicates how many flaws are visible to the naked eye.flcarat sizecarat is the measure of a diamond's weight and size.additional filterscutthe better a diamond’s proportions and symmetry, the more sparkle it will produce. cut is the most important of the 4 cs.pick a diamond cutfluorescencesome diamonds glow blue or green when exposed to uv light. since fluorescence is rarely visible, it has minimal impact on the appearance of your diamond. to save money, go for medium fluorescence.pick a fluorescencepolisha well-polished diamond will have excellent light return.pick a polishsymmetrysymmetry tells you how well a diamond’s facets align to create sparkle. diamonds with perfect symmetry create the most sparkle and earn a grade of excellent or ideal.pick a symmetryclear allsubmitearth-grown diamondlab-grown diamondview allrelated articlesmay 3, 20227 famous cursed diamonds & gemstoneseach cursed loose diamond or gemstone comes with its own unique and intriguing folklore. read on for the stories behind several legendary cursed diamonds.read articlemay 2, 2022modified brilliant cut diamonds: what you should knowa modified brilliant cut is basically just what its name says – a brilliant cut diamond that has been altered from its traditional round shape. read articlemay 3, 2022rose cut diamonds: what you need to knowthe antique rose cut dates back to the 16th century, and was popular until the early 20th century. learn more about this beautiful diamond cut here.read articlefollow us ontag us @ritanisign up for exclusive offerssign upfollow us on:3 barker avenuewhite plains, ny 106011.888.9ritani (1.888.974.8264)the engagement ring company that’ll do anything for love.diamond inventoryfinancing & split payments ritani differencecontact usour services shipping returns and exchangesterms and conditionsfree in-store previewrefer a friendabout ritaniritani reviewsprivacy policyfrequently asked questionscalifornia privacy policydiamond buy-back programsms terms of serviceprotect your rings with buffrget diamonds in new yorkbuy now, pay later with klarnaborderfree faqborderfree order trackercopyright © ritani 2022