来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20231229173906/https://www.ritani.com/blogs/education/tagged/engagement-rings
================================================================================

engagement ring education | ritanicyber week starts now: 50% off tennis bracelets + save on diamonds, jewelry & more | get the codesmy store>why ritaniritani differenceour services frequently asked questionscontact uscallemailchatusa/>diamondsfind your diamondstart with a diamondstart with a lab diamondstart with a colored diamondstart with a colored lab diamondshop by shaperoundcushionprincessasscherovalemeraldradiantheartpearmarquisequick searchshop loose diamonds1 carat diamonds1.5 carat diamonds2 carat diamonds3 carat diamondsget schooleddiamond inventory - how it workswhy we're differentintro to the 4 csdiamond trendsconflict free diamondsdiamond flash sale: limited time only shop nowlab diamondsfind your lab diamondstart with a lab diamondstart with a diamondstart with a colored lab diamondstart with a colored diamondshop by shaperoundcushionprincessasscherovalemeraldradiantheartpearmarquisequick searchshop lab-grown diamonds1 carat lab grown diamonds1.5 carat lab grown diamonds2 carat lab grown diamonds3 carat lab grown diamondswhy lab grown?intro to lab grown diamondslab diamond creation processfrequently asked questionsflash deal: take 10% off lab diamonds with code lab10shop nowengagement ringscreate your diamond ringstart with a settingstart with a diamondstart with a lab diamonddesign your ownshop by stylehalosolitairesidestonetwo stonethree stonevintageshop by shaperoundcushionprincessovalemeraldpopular ring searcheswhite gold engagement ringsyellow gold engagement rings1 carat engagement rings1.5 carat engagement rings2 carat engagement rings design your own engagement ring in real time.start designingwedding ringswomen's wedding ringssimplediamondstackablecurvedmen's wedding bandssimplemoderndiamondtwo toneanniversary ringseternityfive-stoneseven-stonenine-stonequick searchrose gold wedding ringsmen's engagement ringsblack friday deal: take 40% off eternity bands with code blackfriday.shop nowjewelrydiamond jewelrydesign your own jewelrydiamond stud earringstennis braceletseternity ringsthe vaultfine jewelryearringsnecklacesbraceletsringsmen's jewelryintroducing: the charm buildercreate nowtrendingresort readylayering necklacesgold jewelryear candycolor popearly cyber access: 30% off jewelry with code cyber30shop now!gifts gifts by pricegifts under $250gifts under $500gifts under $750gifts under $1500gifts under $2500wedding giftsgifts for the bridegifts for the groomengagement giftsbridal party giftsanniversary giftsfive-stoneseven-stonenine-stoneeternity ringssave 25% on jewelry with code cyber25. shop nowtrending giftsresort readylayering necklacesgold jewelryear candycolor popeducationdiamond buying guidesintro to the 4 csdiamond carat guidesdiamond clarity guidesdiamond color guidesdiamond cut guidesdiamond shape guidesengagement rings ring buying essentialsengagement ring style guideengagement ring budget guideengagement ring shape guideengagement ring carat guideshow to measure ring sizehelpful guidesthe jewelry term glossarytips to create a budgethow to clean jewelryhow to buy diamond studshow to buy wedding ringsjewelry insurance guideblogcelebrityweddingsrelationshipsengagements>cart (0)>>engagement ring educationan engagement ring is an important purchase. get expert tips on how to buy an engagement ring, different engagement ring center stone shapes, and more.< return to main pagepopular articleshow to choose the best diamond shape and setting for your hand4 carat diamond ring buying guidewhat is a knife edge engagement ring?11 questions about jewelry insuranceaugust 16, 2022engagement ring styleslearn about popular engagement ring styles. each collection is curated to bring you the best of ritani's craftsmanship.tags:engagement rings ring styleswill sunscreen damage my engagement ring and wedding band? discover whether sunscreen can damage your engagement ring and wedding band. learn how spf affects jewelry and find tips on how to protect your fine jewelry. read articlehow to measure ring sizechoosing the right ring size is important for a comfortable fit and to prevent loss. get a free ring sizer sent to your home - learn more here.read articlering buying essentials: ten things to know before buying an engagement ringgetting ready to shop for an engagement ring, and don’t know where to start? we’ve distilled our expertise into 10 simple topics to help you understand the big picture. read articlebuying an engagement ring onlinebuying an engagement ring online often gives you more options and lower price points. learn the ins and outs of shopping for an engagement ring online.read articlehow to choose the best diamond shape and setting for your handexplore which diamond shapes and settings will flatter your hand the best to create a stunning engagement ring.read articlelana del rey is engaged–see her three-stone sparkler!singer-songwriter lana del rey is engaged–see her three-stone sparkler and get the details on her musical fiancé and the meaningful engagement ring he gave her.read article15 creative, out-of-the-box ways to propose not sure how to pop the big question? here are 15 creative, out-of-the-box ways to propose to your other half for a meaningful proposal they will never forget.read articlethe top diamond shapes for engagement ringslooking for your dream engagement ring? here are the top diamond shapes for engagement rings. round diamonds continue to top the list–see which others made the cut.read articlehow to make sure your nails are proposal readyare you noticing subtle hints and anticipating a big question with a sparkly new engagement ring soon? here’s how to make sure your nails are proposal ready.read articleconsidering a colored lab diamond engagement ring? think pink!white diamond engagement rings are a tried-and-true traditional choice, without a doubt, but have you ever considered a colored lab diamond engagement ring? read articledazzling celebrity engagement rings of 2023—so farwe're almost halfway through the year, so here’s a rundown of the most dazzling engagement rings of 2023—so far—including an emerald, an oval-cut diamond, and more.read articlethe ultimate guide to choosing and wearing a heart-shaped diamond engagement ringengagement rings don’t get more romantic than this—here’s a guide to everything you want to know about choosing and wearing a heart-shaped diamond engagement ring.read articleben platt and noah galvin are engaged—again!broadway star ben platt and actor noah galvin are engaged once again! discover the charming details of their second engagement and see their stunning rings. read article'teen wolf' actor tyler posey and singer phem announce engagementactor tyler posey and singer phem share news of their engagement. read about the details of their engagement and upcoming wedding, and see her engagement ring!read articlethe art of wearing a wedding ring set: a guidecreating the ideal wedding ring set is not as simple as it sounds. here is a guide to everything you need to know before coordinating your perfect set.read articlenaomi watts and billy crudup tie the knot—see her $50k marquise diamond sparkler!see naomi watts’ gorgeous $50k marquise diamond engagement ring and learn about the fascinating history and allure of this distinguished diamond shape.read articlebrody jenner proposed to pro surfer girlfriend tia blanco at her baby shower - check out her ring!brody jenner surprises girlfriend tia blanco with a heartfelt proposal during her baby shower. check out her gorgeous emerald-cut diamond engagement ring!read articlesummertime proposals: creative ways to pop the question at the beach get that engagement ring ready—we have creative summer beach proposal ideas and details to keep in mind to make your special moment truly unforgettable. read articlehannah montana star emily osment announces engagement on instagram—take a look at her ring!former hannah montana star, emily osment, surprises fans with an exciting engagement announcement on instagram. get a glimpse of her stunning engagement ring.read articlesinger noah cyrus and fashion designer pinkus announce their engagement get a glimpse of noah cyrus’ timeless round brilliant-cut diamond engagement ring from her fashion designer fiancé pinkus and read about their engagement.read articleactor scott speedman pops the question to girlfriend lindsay rae hofmannnearly two years after welcoming their daughter into the world, grey’s anatomy star scott speedman proposes to his girlfriend with a glamorous engagement ring.read articlemlb star cody bellinger is engaged to his model girlfriend—see her huge engagement ring!chicago cubs’ cody bellinger announced his engagement to his sports illustrated swimsuit model girlfriend. see the impressive engagement ring he proposed with! read articleactress ashley benson is engaged to oil heir brandon davis—see her jaw-dropping ring!oil heir brandon davis proposed to his girlfriend, 'pretty little liars' star ashley benson—check out her breathtaking oval-cut diamond engagement ring! read articlewwe wrestler logan paul proposed to his girlfriend with a magnificent sparkler—see her ring! the wwe star surprised his sports illustrated swimsuit issue model girlfriend, nina agdal, with a huge emerald-cut engagement ring while on vacation in italy. read articleactress hayley atwell reveals her gorgeous engagement ring at the mission impossible 7 premiere partymission impossible 7 actress hayley atwell recently became engaged while on vacation in venice, italy. read about her proposal and see her stunning ring!read article'real housewives of new york’ alum kelly bensimon is engaged – check out her massive sparkler after a romantic boat proposal, former real housewives of new york star kelly bensimon wears her sizable emerald-cut engagement ring to a premiere event. read articlefoolproof ways to discreetly hide an engagement ring box discover reliable methods for concealing an engagement ring box, from right after you buy it to the day of your proposal, to ensure a blissful surprise.read articleyellow diamond engagement rings and the celebrities who wear them with the growing popularity of yellow diamonds, we have compiled a list of celebrities who wear or have worn these sunlit stones in their engagement rings.read article‘love island’ stars molly-mae hague and tommy fury are engaged—her ring may be worth close to $1m!reality tv stars molly-mae hague and tommy fury got engaged, and her ring could be worth nearly $1m. check out the cliffside proposal and her exquisite ring! read articlewrestling legend hulk hogan is engaged—see his fiancee's six-carat sparkler!iconic wrestler hulk hogan announces his engagement to his girlfriend, sky daily. take a glimpse at the dazzling six-carat engagement ring adorning her hand. read article‘love actually’ actor thomas brodie-sangster is engaged to elon musk's ex-wife actress talulah riley thomas brodie-sangster, known for his role in 'love actually,' is engaged to ‘westworld’ actress talulah riley, who was previously married to elon musk.read articlediscover your ideal diamond engagement ring: stunning selections for various styles explore an array of diamond engagement rings to suit diverse styles. from timeless classics to modern designs, there is something for all tastes and budgets. read articlefamed plastic surgeon lenny hochstein is engaged to his model girlfriend—her ring may be worth over 1m! renowned plastic surgeon lenny hochstein and model katharina mazepa are engaged, and her dazzling ring is rumored to be valued at over 1 million dollars.read article‘underworld’ film director len wiseman is engaged to comedian and actress cj franco 'underworld' director len wiseman and comedian and actress cj franco announce their engagement. read about their vacation proposal and see her stunning ring.read articleabigail heringer and noah erb of 'bachelor in paradise' are engaged: see her lab-diamond sparkler!'bachelor in paradise' reality tv stars abigail heringer and noah erb are engaged. take a look at her stunning lab-grown oval-cut diamond engagement ring! read articlezooey deschanel is engaged—see her unique custom engagement ring from fiancé jonathan scott actress zooey deschanel recently became engaged and was given a unique and personalized engagement ring designed by property brothers star, jonathan scott. read article‘the bachelorette’ star charity lawson is engaged — check out her oval-cut diamond sparkler! charity lawson, star of 'the bachelorette,' is engaged to dotun olubeko. delve into the details of her engagement ring featuring an exquisite oval-cut diamond.read articledecoding ring lingo: essential terms you need to know when shopping for an engagement ring confused about engagement rings? you’re not alone. use our handy guide to help you learn the key terms needed for a successful ring shopping experience. read articlemlb player starling marte is engaged—see his fiancée's impressive sparkler! major league baseball player starling marte has recently announced his engagement. take a look at his fiancée's remarkable oval-cut diamond engagement ring. read articleformer ‘bachelorette’ hannah brown is engaged—see her sparkly three-stone engagement ring! former 'bachelorette' star hannah brown announces her engagement. discover the details of the proposal and get a closer look at her exquisite three-stone ring. read article‘basketball wives’ alum jennifer williams is engaged—see her pear-shaped engagement ring! former 'basketball wives' star jennifer williams shares her exciting news, revealing a pear-shaped engagement ring given to her by her fiancé, christian gold. read articlelaw & order star odelya halevi is engaged—see her oval-cut diamond sparkler!law & order actress odelya halevi announces her engagement to long-time boyfriend aaron mazor, revealing her stunning oval-cut solitaire engagement ring.read articlesinger charlie puth is engaged—see his fiancée's huge pear shaped diamond engagement ring! singer-songwriter charlie puth proposed to his girlfriend while enjoying pizza. get a glimpse of his fiancée's stunning pear-shaped diamond engagement ring.read articlesparkling jewelry looks from the 2023 venice international film festival explore dazzling diamond jewelry looks and glamorous fashion highlights from the red carpet and beyond at the 2023 venice international film festival. read articlekaley cuoco shares exciting news about her sister briana's engagement to brian logan dales the big bang theory star kaley cuoco announces the joyful news of her sister briana's engagement to brian logan dales in a heartwarming instagram announcement.read articleactor brian austin green is engaged to 'dancing with the stars' performer sharna burgess actor brian austin green announces his engagement to 'dancing with the stars' performer sharna burgess. get the details on the proposal see her stunning ring. read articlechicago med star torrey devitto is engaged to director jared lapine—see her gorgeous ring! actress torrey devitto revealed her engagement to director jared lapine. see photos of her stunning engagement ring and learn more about their love story.read articleexciting and emerging engagement ring trends—get inspired! discover the latest engagement ring trends and explore captivating designs, styles, and meaningful customization ideas to help you find your perfect ring.read articlecountry music artists gary wayne and ali taylor are engaged—check out her oval-cut sparkler!country music stars gary wayne and ali taylor's announced their engagement. see her stunning oval-cut engagement ring and the heartwarming proposal story.read articleyes, you can find an affordable engagement ring without skimping on quality—here’s how! get tips on finding a high-quality yet affordable engagement ring without compromising on style. learn about cost-effective options, diamond cuts, and more. read article'below deck mediterranean' star natasha webb is engaged to musician max landry—see her radiant cut sparkler!'below deck mediterranean' star natasha webb announces her engagement to musician max landry, proudly showing her ring. learn more about their exciting news! read article‘return to amish’ reality tv stars roseanna miller and johnny detweiler announce their engagement'return to amish' reality tv stars roseanna miller and johnny detweiler share their engagement news. read about the proposal and see her sparkly ring! read articlediscover the perfect metal for your engagement and wedding rings explore the unique qualities of various precious metals to make an informed decision about the ideal metal to choose for your engagement and wedding rings.read articlerhoc alum noella bergener is engaged—see her ultra flashy engagement ring! former real housewives of orange county reality tv star noella bergener announces her engagement on instagram with a dazzling emerald-cut diamond ring.read articlerhony alum tinsley mortimer is engaged—see her huge emerald engagement ring!get a glimpse of rhony's tinsley mortimer’s enormous and stunning emerald engagement ring, which according to jewelry experts, may be worth as much as $500k!read articlezoë kravitz is engaged to channing tatum—see her sparkly cushion-cut engagement ring! get a glimpse of batman and high fidelity star zoë kravitz's stunning cushion-cut diamond engagement ring from her fiancé, magic mike star channing tatum.read articlerhonj star frank catania is engaged—see his fiancée's impressive engagement ring the real housewives of new jersey's frank catania is engaged to brittany mattessich. check out brittany’s jaw-dropping princess-cut diamond engagement ring.read articleclever ways to find out your partner’s ring size for a surprise proposal discovering your partner's ring size discreetly can be a challenge, but with these clever methods, you can ensure a perfect fit for a surprise proposal. read articlemelissa rivers is engaged with a magnificent three-stone engagement ring! melissa rivers is engaged to her partner of nearly two years! discover the details of her engagement and the meaningful symbolism of her engagement ring.read articlemagician criss angel pops the question again to ex-wife shaunyl benson—check out her round sparkler! magician criss angel surprises his ex-wife, singer-songwriter shaunyl benson, with a heartfelt proposal and a stunning round-cut diamond engagement ring. read articleone tree hill alum stephen colletti and nascar reporter alex weaver are engaged one tree hill alum stephen colletti and nascar reporter alex weaver are engaged. coletti proposed during a trip to rome, giving weaver an oval-cut sparkler! read articlestay in the knowsign upfollow us:3 barker avenuewhite plains, ny 106011.888.9ritani (1.888.974.8264)the engagement ring company that’ll do anything for love.contact usabout ritaniour services diamond inventoryritani reviewsrefer a friendfree in-store previewfinancing & split payments returns and exchangesdiamond buy-back programfrequently asked questionsterms and conditionsprivacy policycalifornia privacy policycopyright noticesms terms of servicedo not sell my information - california residentsaccessibility statementborderfree faqborderfree order trackerjewelry insurancepartner offerscopyright © ritani 2023