来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20241227005121/https://www.ritani.com/collections/shop-diamonds
================================================================================

shop all diamonds | ritani20% off lab diamonds, 15% off settings & 25% off gifts! | get the codes20% off lab diamonds, 15% off settings & 25% off gifts! | get the codes20% off lab diamonds, 15% off settings & 25% off gifts! | get the codespreview locationscontact uscallemailchat>select locationlogin or sign updiamondsfind your diamondstart with a diamondstart with a lab diamondstart with a colored diamondstart with a colored lab diamondshop diamonds by shaperoundcushionprincessasscherovalemeraldradiantheartpearmarquiseshop diamonds by carat1 carat diamonds2 carat diamonds3 carat diamonds4 carat diamonds5 carat diamondsdesign your own jewelrypendantsstud earringsengagement ringslimited time only: 4% off natural diamondsshop nowlab diamondsfind your lab diamondstart with a lab diamondstart with a colored lab diamondstart with a setting40% off select lab diamondsshop lab diamonds by shaperoundcushionprincessasscherovalemeraldradiantheartpearmarquiseshop lab diamonds by carat1 carat lab grown diamonds2 carat lab grown diamonds3 carat lab grown diamonds4 carat lab grown diamonds5 carat lab grown diamondsdesign your own jewelrypendantsstud earringsengagement ringslimited time only: 20% off lab grown diamondsshop nowengagement ringscreate your diamond ringstart with a settingstart with a diamondstart with a lab diamonddesign your own ringshop by stylehalohidden halosolitairesidestonetwo stonethree stonevintageshop by diamond shaperoundcushionprincessovalemeraldshop by metalwhite gold engagement ringsyellow gold engagement ringsrose gold engagement ringsplatinum engagement ringsdesign your own engagement ring in real time.start designingwedding ringswomen's wedding ringsclassicdiamondstackablecurvedeternityfive stoneseven stonenine stonemen's wedding bandsclassicmoderndiamondtwo tonewomen's rings by metalwhite goldyellow goldrose goldplatinummen's bands by metalwhite goldyellow goldrose goldplatinumcobalttantalumtungstendiscover our collection of lab and natural diamond eternity rings.shop nowjewelrydiamond jewelrydiamond necklacesdiamond earringsdiamond tennis braceletsdiamond ringsthe vaultfine jewelryearringsnecklacesbraceletsringsmen's jewelrychildren's fine jewelrydesign your own jewelrypendantsstud earringsengagement ringscharm builderholiday gift guidegifts under $250gifts under $500gifts under $750the sophie lopez editbrosway italiameira tthe puff collectiongemstone jewelrypearl jewelrythe sophie lopez editshop nowgemstonesfind your gemstoneemeraldsrubiessapphiresshop gemstones by colorblackbluegreenorangepinkpurpleredtealwhiteyellowgemstone jewelryearringsnecklacesbraceletsringseducationthe ultimate guide to gemstonesthe meaning of gemstone engagement ringshow to buy a sapphire engagement ringlearn about sapphiresemerald educationhow to buy a ruby engagement ringgemstone jewelryshop alleducationdiamond buying guidesintro to the 4 c'sdiamond carat guidesdiamond clarity guidesdiamond color guidesdiamond cut guidesdiamond shape guidesengagement ringsring buying essentialsengagement ring style guideengagement ring budget guideengagement ring shape guideengagement ring carat guidehow to measure ring sizehelpful guidesthe jewelry term glossarytips to create a budgethow to clean jewelryhow to buy diamond studshow to buy wedding ringsjewelry insurance guideblogcelebrityweddingsrelationshipsengagementsring builderritani rewardswishlistchat with a virtual gemologist>cart (0)>>1 choose your diamond1. diamond2 choose your setting2. setting3 view completed3. preview>edit columnsreset>shop diamondsnatural diamondslab diamondsfilters:price: low to highprice: high to lowcarat: low to highcarat: high to lowvisual carat: high to lowhd imageryclear allview resultsquick ship diamondsquick ship diamondsshop loose diamonds that ship in 2 days or less. delivery dates may change if you add your diamond to a setting.best valuebest valueshop loose diamonds in our inventory that we have identified as being best value. best price and balance of the 4c's on the market.ritani reserve ritani reserveritani reserve diamonds are an exclusive selection of diamonds that have the best cut which offers maximum sparkle. they reflect the most light, maximum brilliance, fire, and scintillation.shaperoundcushionprincessovalemeraldradiantasscherpearmarquiseheartpricecaratcolordefghijklclarityflifvvs1vvs2vs1vs2si1si2cutidealvery goodgooddelivery dateselectdeliver by: tuesday, december 17, 2024deliver by: wednesday, december 18, 2024deliver by: thursday, december 19, 2024deliver by: friday, december 20, 2024deliver by: saturday, december 21, 2024deliver by: tuesday, december 24, 2024deliver by: thursday, december 26, 2024deliver by: friday, december 27, 2024more filtersshapecloseshape influences the personality and price of a diamond.roundcushionprincessovalemeraldradiantasscherpearmarquiseheartpriceclosemany factors impact diamond price. with ritani's diamond price match guarantee you can be confident you'll get the best price for a diamond. tip: tradition tells you to budget 2-3 months' salary for your ring. we say, just do you.caratclosecarat is the measure of a diamond's weight and size. we offer an array of high-quality diamonds ranging from 0.18 to 25.00 carats- with 1.00 carat being the most popular. color closea diamond’s color grade actually measures how little color it reflects. to strike the best balance between cost and beauty, go for diamonds in the near colorless range: g, h, and i.defghijklclaritycloseclarity indicates how many flaws are visible to the naked eye. too many flaws can detract from a diamond's beauty.flifvvs1vvs2vs1vs2si1si2cutclosecut is the quality of a diamond’s proportions and symmetry. the better a diamond’s proportions and symmetry, the more sparkle it will produce. cut is the most important of the 4 cs.idealvery goodgooddelivery dateclosein a rush to get your diamond? choose your ideal delivery date.selectdeliver by: tuesday, december 17, 2024deliver by: wednesday, december 18, 2024deliver by: thursday, december 19, 2024deliver by: friday, december 20, 2024deliver by: saturday, december 21, 2024deliver by: tuesday, december 24, 2024deliver by: thursday, december 26, 2024deliver by: friday, december 27, 2024typecloseearth diamondlab diamondmore filtersclosepolisha well-polished diamond will have excellent light return.excellentvery goodgoodgirdle thicknessthe girdle is the outer edge of the diamond, where the crown top meets the pavilion bottom.ext. thinvery thinthinmediumsli. thickthickvery thickext. thickfluorescencesome diamonds glow blue or green when exposed to uv light. since fluorescence is rarely visible, it has minimal impact on the appearance of your diamond. to save money, go for medium fluorescence.nonefaintmediumstrongvery strongprice per caratcrown anglepavilion anglewidth (mm)height (mm)length (mm)depth %depth percentage correlates with a diamond's sparkle factor. it is measured by dividing the diamond height by its diameter. for maximum sparkle, the depth percentage of a round diamond should be between 54% and 66%.length/width ratiothe proportional relationship between your diamond’s length and width. a perfect round diamond would measure equally 1-to-1, so its lxw ratio would measure as 1.symmetrysymmetry tells you how well a diamond’s facets align to create sparkle. diamonds with perfect symmetry create the most sparkle and earn a grade of excellent or ideal.excellentvery goodgoodtabletable percentage tells you how big a diamond’s topmost facet (aka table) is in comparison to its diameter (aka girdle). when that ratio is in the right range, a diamond will sparkle more.culetthe culet is the point at the bottom of the diamond. if the point has a facet on it, it can stop light from reflecting and detract from the diamond's sparkle. choose a diamond with no culet for optimum sparkle.nonevery smallsmallmediumslightly largelargecertificateall of ritani’s natural diamonds are certified by either the gia or agsl, the industry’s two most respected grading labs.agsldfgcalgiaigipolisha well-polished diamond will have excellent light return.excellentvery goodgoodgirdle thicknessthe girdle is the outer edge of the diamond, where the crown top meets the pavilion bottom.ext. thinvery thinthinmediumsli. thickthickvery thickext. thickfluorescencesome diamonds glow blue or green when exposed to uv light. since fluorescence is rarely visible, it has minimal impact on the appearance of your diamond. to save money, go for medium fluorescence.nonefaintmediumstrongvery strongprice per caratcrown anglepavilion anglewidth (mm)height (mm)length (mm)depth %depth percentage correlates with a diamond's sparkle factor. it is measured by dividing the diamond height by its diameter. for maximum sparkle, the depth percentage of a round diamond should be between 54% and 66%.length/width ratiothe proportional relationship between your diamond’s length and width. a perfect round diamond would measure equally 1-to-1, so its lxw ratio would measure as 1.symmetrysymmetry tells you how well a diamond’s facets align to create sparkle. diamonds with perfect symmetry create the most sparkle and earn a grade of excellent or ideal.excellentvery goodgoodtabletable percentage tells you how big a diamond’s topmost facet (aka table) is in comparison to its diameter (aka girdle). when that ratio is in the right range, a diamond will sparkle more.culetthe culet is the point at the bottom of the diamond. if the point has a facet on it, it can stop light from reflecting and detract from the diamond's sparkle. choose a diamond with no culet for optimum sparkle.nonevery smallsmallmediumslightly largelargecertificateall of ritani’s natural diamonds are certified by either the gia or agsl, the industry’s two most respected grading labs.agsldfgcalgiaigilab diamond growth processlab diamonds are made using two processes, hpht and cvd. both mimic the natural process of earth diamonds. learn about lab diamondshphtcvdclear allquick ship diamondsquick ship diamondsshop loose diamonds that ship in 2 days or less. delivery dates may change if you add your diamond to a setting.best valuebest valueshop loose diamonds in our inventory that we have identified as being best value. best price and balance of the 4c's on the market.ritani reserve ritani reserveritani reserve diamonds are an exclusive selection of diamonds that have the best cut which offers maximum sparkle. they reflect the most light, maximum brilliance, fire, and scintillation.compare price: low to highprice: high to lowcarat: low to highcarat: high to lowvisual carat: high to lowhd imagerylist viewgrid viewlabadd to listadd to comparesave for laterround lab grown diamond$119.00 0.12caratecolorvvs2clarityidealcutget an in depth analysis of this diamond.send me a reportlabadd to listadd to comparesave for laterround lab grown diamond$119.00 0.12caratecolorvvs2clarityidealcutget an in depth analysis of this diamond.send me a reportlabbest valueadd to listadd to comparesave for lateroval lab grown diamond$123.00 0.31caratdcolorsi1clarityvgcutget an in depth analysis of this diamond.send me a reportlabbest valueadd to listadd to comparesave for lateroval lab grown diamond$123.00 0.31caratdcolorsi1clarityvgcutget an in depth analysis of this diamond.send me a reportlabbest valueadd to listadd to comparesave for lateroval lab grown diamond$123.00 0.31caratdcolorsi1clarityvgcutget an in depth analysis of this diamond.send me a reportlabbest valueadd to listadd to comparesave for lateroval lab grown diamond$123.00 0.31caratdcolorsi1clarityvgcutget an in depth analysis of this diamond.send me a reportlabadd to listadd to comparesave for laterround lab grown diamond$124.00 0.13caratdcolorsi1clarityvgcutget an in depth analysis of this diamond.send me a reportlabbest valueadd to listadd to comparesave for laterpear lab grown diamond$124.00 0.33carathcolorvvs2clarityvgcutget an in depth analysis of this diamond.send me a reportgemologist picksclosethese diamonds were hand picked by our in house gemologists who focus on balancing the 4 c's and best value pricing. our gemologists are always here to help you find the diamond of your dreams. chat nownaturalbest valueadd to listadd to comparesave for laterround diamond$5,924.00 $6,171.001.5caraticolorvs2clarityidealcutget an in depth analysis of this diamond.send me a reportnaturalbest valueadd to listadd to comparesave for laterround diamond$5,931.00 $6,178.001.3caratgcolorvs2clarityidealcutget an in depth analysis of this diamond.send me a reportnaturalbest valueadd to listadd to comparesave for laterround diamond$6,003.00 $6,253.001.52caraticolorvs2clarityidealcutget an in depth analysis of this diamond.send me a reportdid you know?you can connect with a commission free gemologist instantly and receive a live diamond inspection on any diamond. you can also connect and shop together and compare up-to three diamonds at a time instantly. try it out. start your diamond concierge consultation today.start nowlabadd to listadd to comparesave for laterround lab grown diamond$125.00 0.13caratecolorsi1clarityvgcutget an in depth analysis of this diamond.send me a reportlabadd to listadd to comparesave for laterround lab grown diamond$125.00 0.12caratdcolorvs1clarityidealcutget an in depth analysis of this diamond.send me a reportlabbest valueadd to listadd to comparesave for lateroval lab grown diamond$125.00 0.3caratecolorvs2clarityvgcutget an in depth analysis of this diamond.send me a reportlabbest valueadd to listadd to comparesave for lateremerald lab grown diamond$126.00 0.3carathcolorsi1claritygoodcutget an in depth analysis of this diamond.send me a reportlabbest valueadd to listadd to comparesave for laterpear lab grown diamond$126.00 0.33caratdcolorsi2clarityvgcutget an in depth analysis of this diamond.send me a reportlabadd to listadd to comparesave for lateremerald lab grown diamond$127.00 0.32caratgcolorsi1claritygoodcutget an in depth analysis of this diamond.send me a reportlabbest valueadd to listadd to comparesave for laterpear lab grown diamond$127.00 0.32caratdcolorsi1clarityvgcutget an in depth analysis of this diamond.send me a reportlabbest valueadd to listadd to comparesave for laterpear lab grown diamond$127.00 0.32caratdcolorsi1clarityvgcutget an in depth analysis of this diamond.send me a reportlabbest valueadd to listadd to comparesave for lateroval lab grown diamond$127.00 0.32caratdcolorsi1clarityvgcutget an in depth analysis of this diamond.send me a reportlabbest valueadd to listadd to comparesave for lateroval lab grown diamond$127.00 0.32caratdcolorsi1clarityvgcutget an in depth analysis of this diamond.send me a reportlabadd to listadd to comparesave for laterround lab grown diamond$128.00 0.12caratecolorvs2clarityidealcutget an in depth analysis of this diamond.send me a reportlabadd to listadd to comparesave for laterround lab grown diamond$128.00 0.12caratdcolorvs1clarityvgcutget an in depth analysis of this diamond.send me a reportlabadd to listadd to comparesave for laterround lab grown diamond$128.00 0.12caratecolorvs1clarityidealcutget an in depth analysis of this diamond.send me a reportlabadd to listadd to comparesave for laterround lab grown diamond$128.00 0.12caratdcolorvs1clarityidealcutget an in depth analysis of this diamond.send me a reportlabadd to listadd to comparesave for laterround lab grown diamond$128.00 0.12caratecolorvs2clarityvgcutget an in depth analysis of this diamond.send me a reportlabadd to listadd to comparesave for laterround lab grown diamond$128.00 0.12caratdcolorvs2clarityidealcutget an in depth analysis of this diamond.send me a reportyou’ve viewed 24 of 633,274 productsload moreshop all certified natural and lab-grown ritani diamondswe get it—shopping for a diamond can feel intimidating or even stressful. our thoughtfully crafted diamond finder makes choosing the right natural or lab-grown stone for your engagement ring or pendant easy. use our filters to sort by diamond cut, clarity, carat weight, and color, or start your search by selecting your favorite diamond shape. we offer a variety of the most popular and timeless diamond shapes, from round to oval to emerald-shaped stones. if you’re in a hurry, you can even sort and find diamonds by delivery date.​you deserve the best quality. we only offer stones certified by reputable diamond grading agencies like the gia and igi, gcal. select each stone to get a gemologist diamond rating based on its quality. our gemologists rate each diamond on important factors like visual size (how large your diamond will actually appear), if the stone is eye-clean (meaning you won’t see any flaws with the naked eye), and how sparkly the diamond is. and make sure you look for diamonds with the best value badge! when you see a diamond with a best value badge, it means we analyzed its price compared to the same (or similar) diamonds on the market, and our diamond has the lowest retail price. once you’ve found the one, add it to a pendant or ring setting. to purchase a loose diamond, simply select “add to cart.”we’re here for you every step of the way. if you still need some extra diamond guidance, schedule an online appointment with a virtual gemologist to get an in-depth analysis or second opinion of your stone. don’t worry–our gemologists don’t receive a commission, so there’s never any pressure to make a purchase. if you’re still on the fence about your diamond, you can view it in person for free if your order is $1,500 or more. learn more about free in-person preview to view a diamond with zero commitment at a location near you. 3 barker avenuewhite plains, ny 106011.888.9ritani (1.888.974.8264)the engagement ring company that’ll do anything for love.contact usabout ritaniour services diamond inventoryritani reviewsrefer a friendfree in-person previewfinancing & split payments returns and exchangesdiamond buy-back programfrequently asked questionsterms and conditionsprivacy policycalifornia privacy policycopyright noticesms terms of servicedo not sell my information - california residentsaccessibility statementborderfree faqborderfree order trackerjewelry insuranceritani rewardscopyright © ritani 2024