来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20241227005121/https://www.ritani.com/blogs/news/tagged/celebrity
================================================================================

celebrity jewelry | ritani10% off lab diamonds + 30% off jewelry & wedding rings | learn more10% off lab diamonds + 30% off jewelry & wedding rings | learn more10% off lab diamonds + 30% off jewelry & wedding rings | learn morepreview locationscontact uscallemailchat>select locationlogin or sign updiamondsfind your diamondstart with a diamondstart with a lab diamondstart with a colored diamondstart with a colored lab diamondshop diamonds by shaperoundcushionprincessasscherovalemeraldradiantheartpearmarquiseshop diamonds by carat1 carat diamonds2 carat diamonds3 carat diamonds4 carat diamonds5 carat diamondsdesign your own jewelrypendantsstud earringsengagement ringslimited time only: 4% off natural diamondsshop nowlab diamondsfind your lab diamondstart with a lab diamondstart with a colored lab diamondstart with a setting40% off select lab diamondsshop lab diamonds by shaperoundcushionprincessasscherovalemeraldradiantheartpearmarquiseshop lab diamonds by carat1 carat lab grown diamonds2 carat lab grown diamonds3 carat lab grown diamonds4 carat lab grown diamonds5 carat lab grown diamondsdesign your own jewelrypendantsstud earringsengagement ringslimited time only: 10% off lab grown diamondsshop nowengagement ringscreate your diamond ringstart with a settingstart with a diamondstart with a lab diamonddesign your own ringshop by stylehalohidden halosolitairesidestonetwo stonethree stonevintageshop by diamond shaperoundcushionprincessovalemeraldshop by metalwhite gold engagement ringsyellow gold engagement ringsrose gold engagement ringsplatinum engagement ringsdesign your own engagement ring in real time.start designingwedding ringswomen's wedding ringsclassicdiamondstackablecurvedeternityfive stoneseven stonenine stonemen's wedding bandsclassicmoderndiamondtwo tonewomen's rings by metalwhite goldyellow goldrose goldplatinummen's bands by metalwhite goldyellow goldrose goldplatinumcobalttantalumtungstendiscover our collection of lab and natural diamond eternity rings.shop nowjewelrydiamond jewelrydiamond necklacesdiamond earringsdiamond tennis braceletsdiamond ringsthe vaultfine jewelryearringsnecklacesbraceletsringsmen's jewelrychildren's fine jewelrydesign your own jewelrypendantsstud earringsengagement ringscharm buildervalentine's day gift guidenew arrivalsthe sophie lopez editbrosway italiameira tgemstone jewelrypearl jewelrythe sophie lopez editshop nowgemstonesfind your gemstoneemeraldsrubiessapphiresshop gemstones by colorblackbluegreenorangepinkpurpleredtealwhiteyellowgemstone jewelryearringsnecklacesbraceletsringseducationthe ultimate guide to gemstonesthe meaning of gemstone engagement ringshow to buy a sapphire engagement ringlearn about sapphiresemerald educationhow to buy a ruby engagement ringgemstone jewelryshop alleducationdiamond buying guidesintro to the 4 c'sdiamond carat guidesdiamond clarity guidesdiamond color guidesdiamond cut guidesdiamond shape guidesengagement ringsring buying essentialsengagement ring style guideengagement ring budget guideengagement ring shape guideengagement ring carat guidehow to measure ring sizehelpful guidesthe jewelry term glossarytips to create a budgethow to clean jewelryhow to buy diamond studshow to buy wedding ringsjewelry insurance guideblogcelebrityweddingsrelationshipsengagementsring builderritani rewardswishlistchat with a virtual gemologist>cart (0)>>celebrity jewelryget the inside scoop on the latest celebrity engagement rings and jewelry. march 3, 2023taking a cue from the duchess of sussex, married women are upgrading their engagement ringstaking a cue from the duchess of sussex, married women are upgrading their engagement rings. browse through these impressive enhancements for upgrade inspo.tags:celebrity diamonds9 famous gemstone engagement ringssome of the most well-known women in pop culture have donned gemstones including rubies, emeralds and sapphires in place of conventional diamonds.read articlethe top 10 most iconic jewelry from the moviesgrab some popcorn and enjoy the top 10 most iconic pieces of jewelry from the movies (in no order).read articlefamous oval cut engagement ringsoval cut diamonds combine the sparkle of the round brilliant cut with the elongated shape of a marquise. here are our favorite oval cut diamonds worn by celebrities.read articlejackie kennedy’s engagement ring and jewelry collectionwhile most admirers remember her for her time as first lady, many others were mesmerized by her fresh fashion sense. read articledid you catch the ritani ring in 12 dates of christmas?a ritani ring made an appearance on the big screen!read articlewhat is the tiffany diamond?the tiffany diamond is a world renowned yellow diamond weighing 128.54 carats, but do you know it's history, or what celebs have worn it?read article7 famous pear shaped engagement ringsthis glamorous diamond shape has graced the hands of many celebrities. here are 7 of some of our favorite famous pear-shaped diamond rings.read article6 celebrities who redesigned their engagement ringsmany people choose to upgrade their engagement ring with a larger diamond or even a different setting, while some choose to simply redesign it. here are 6 celebrities who redesigned their engagement rings. read articlethe best nfl engagement ringsever wondered what kind of engagement rings nfl players' wives and fiancées wear? take a look at some of our favorite nfl engagement rings. read articlea look at avril lavigne's heart-shaped engagement ring avril lavigne just announced her engagement - get to know her heart-shaped engagement ring here. read articlemeet jennifer lopez's green diamond engagement ringj lo's newest engagement ring is captivating - learn more about green diamonds and how much her ring may have cost. read articlekourtney kardashian's oval engagement ring - get the looklove kourtney's engagement ring? get tips on how to buy a stunning oval-cut engagement ring like hers here.read articleariana grande's engagement rings - get the looklooking for an engagement ring similar to ariana grande's? find similar styles here. read articlebilly rae cyrus and firerose's engagement ring - get the looklooking for an engagement ring similar to firerose's? find similar styles here. read articlerecreate erika girardi's princess-cut diamond stud earrings for lesslooking for diamond earrings similar to the famous erika girardi studs? find similar options here. read articleeminem's daughter, hailie jade’s engagement ring - get the look!eminem's daughter, hailie jade’s engagement ring - get the look! if you love her engagement ring we can help you re-create that spectacular look for less. read articlerebel wilson proposes to fiancée with a 2.55-carat diamond ringrebel wilson proposes to fiancée with a 2.55-carat diamond ring. check out her new bling and find out how to get the same look for your own engagement ring.read articlethe hottest celebrity engagements of the past yearcheck out the hottest celebrity engagements of 2022 and see which famous folks made headlines with creative and sometimes unusual proposals and impressive bling.read articleeva amurri's stunning 14-carat custom engagement ringcheck out susan sarandon’s daughter eva amurri's stunning 14-carat custom engagement ring and learn about her fiancé chef ian hock’s romantic parisian proposal.read articleelizabeth taylor's engagement ringsmarried 8 times, elizabeth taylor had a stunning collection of engagement rings and fine jewelry.read articlereddit co-founder used a portion of his $50m crypto fortune to pay for serena williams’ $2m engagement ringreddit co-founder used a portion of his $50m crypto fortune to pay for serena williams’ $2m engagement ring. check out the tennis legend’s stunning sparkler! read articleis adele engaged? check out her magnificent new pear shaped diamond ringis adele engaged? check out her magnificent new pear-shaped diamond ring and find out how you can get a similar look for a much more affordable price. read articlevictoria beckham's 15 engagement rings—a bling timelinefor most women, one engagement ring is enough, but not for victoria beckham. take a look at victoria beckham's 15 engagement rings over 24 years of marriage.read articlequeen margrethe of denmark’s breathtaking toi et moi engagement ringlearn about the romantic history of queen margrethe of denmark’s breathtaking toi et moi engagement ring and the origin of this trending engagement ring style.read articlestars who flaunted their engagement rings at the 2023 oscarsfrom classic diamond settings to vintage designs, get inspired and see the stars who flaunted their engagement rings on the red carpet at the 2023 oscars. read articledisney channel alum dylan sprouse is engaged to supermodel barbara palvindisney channel alum dylan sprouse is engaged to supermodel barbara palvin. learn about how they met and when they realized that they were meant to be together.read articlegrammy award winners rosalía and rauw alejandro are engagedgrammy award winners rosalía and rauw alejandro are engaged. check out her exquisite ring and find out how they made their creative engagement announcement. read articlehow to recreate travis barker's rose beach proposalare you looking for a truly memorable way to propose to your love? check out this detailed guide on how to recreate travis barker's rose-filled beach proposal. read articlesensational diamond jewelry looks from the 2023 oscarscheck out these sensational diamond jewelry looks from the 2023 oscars, from breathtaking diamond earrings, necklaces, bracelets, and a scarf made of diamonds! read articlelana del rey is engaged–see her three-stone sparkler!singer-songwriter lana del rey is engaged–see her three-stone sparkler and get the details on her musical fiancé and the meaningful engagement ring he gave her.read articleimpressive diamond jewelry looks from the 2023 met galadiamonds, pearls, and felines galore—check out the most impressive diamond jewelry looks from the 2023 met gala—a fitting tribute to the late karl lagerfeld.read articlecaptivating jewelry looks from the 2023 cannes film festival red carpetfrom rubies, sapphires, emeralds, and plenty of diamonds, of course, these are the most captivating jewelry looks from the 2023 cannes film festival red carpet.read articledazzling celebrity engagement rings of 2023—so farwe're almost halfway through the year, so here’s a rundown of the most dazzling engagement rings of 2023—so far—including an emerald, an oval-cut diamond, and more.read articlethe ultimate guide to choosing and wearing a heart-shaped diamond engagement ringengagement rings don’t get more romantic than this—here’s a guide to everything you want to know about choosing and wearing a heart-shaped diamond engagement ring.read articlenaomi watts and billy crudup tie the knot—see her $50k marquise diamond sparkler!see naomi watts’ gorgeous $50k marquise diamond engagement ring and learn about the fascinating history and allure of this distinguished diamond shape.read articlestunning jewelry highlights from the 76th annual tony awardsfrom jaw-dropping necklaces to dazzling diamond earrings and more, check out some of our favorite glamorous jewelry looks from the 76th annual tony awards.read articlemlb star cody bellinger is engaged to his model girlfriend—see her huge engagement ring!chicago cubs’ cody bellinger announced his engagement to his sports illustrated swimsuit model girlfriend. see the impressive engagement ring he proposed with! read articlewwe wrestler logan paul proposed to his girlfriend with a magnificent sparkler—see her ring! the wwe star surprised his sports illustrated swimsuit issue model girlfriend, nina agdal, with a huge emerald-cut engagement ring while on vacation in italy. read articlebest blinged-out jewelry looks from the pink carpet at the barbie movie world premiere from sparkling diamond earrings to extravagant necklaces and more, check out the dazzling diamond jewelry looks at the recent barbie movie world premiere in la. read articleactress hayley atwell reveals her gorgeous engagement ring at the mission impossible 7 premiere partymission impossible 7 actress hayley atwell recently became engaged while on vacation in venice, italy. read about her proposal and see her stunning ring!read article'real housewives of new york’ alum kelly bensimon is engaged – check out her massive sparkler after a romantic boat proposal, former real housewives of new york star kelly bensimon wears her sizable emerald-cut engagement ring to a premiere event. read article‘love island’ stars molly-mae hague and tommy fury are engaged—her ring may be worth close to $1m!reality tv stars molly-mae hague and tommy fury got engaged, and her ring could be worth nearly $1m. check out the cliffside proposal and her exquisite ring! read articlewrestling legend hulk hogan is engaged—see his fiancee's six-carat sparkler!iconic wrestler hulk hogan announces his engagement to his girlfriend, sky daily. take a glimpse at the dazzling six-carat engagement ring adorning her hand. read article‘love actually’ actor thomas brodie-sangster is engaged to elon musk's ex-wife actress talulah riley thomas brodie-sangster, known for his role in 'love actually,' is engaged to ‘westworld’ actress talulah riley, who was previously married to elon musk.read articlefamed plastic surgeon lenny hochstein is engaged to his model girlfriend—her ring may be worth over 1m! renowned plastic surgeon lenny hochstein and model katharina mazepa are engaged, and her dazzling ring is rumored to be valued at over 1 million dollars.read article‘underworld’ film director len wiseman is engaged to comedian and actress cj franco 'underworld' director len wiseman and comedian and actress cj franco announce their engagement. read about their vacation proposal and see her stunning ring.read articleabigail heringer and noah erb of 'bachelor in paradise' are engaged: see her lab-diamond sparkler!'bachelor in paradise' reality tv stars abigail heringer and noah erb are engaged. take a look at her stunning lab-grown oval-cut diamond engagement ring! read articlezooey deschanel is engaged—see her unique custom engagement ring from fiancé jonathan scott actress zooey deschanel recently became engaged and was given a unique and personalized engagement ring designed by property brothers star, jonathan scott. read article‘the bachelorette’ star charity lawson is engaged — check out her oval-cut diamond sparkler! charity lawson, star of 'the bachelorette,' is engaged to dotun olubeko. delve into the details of her engagement ring featuring an exquisite oval-cut diamond.read articlemlb player starling marte is engaged—see his fiancée's impressive sparkler! major league baseball player starling marte has recently announced his engagement. take a look at his fiancée's remarkable oval-cut diamond engagement ring. read articleformer ‘bachelorette’ hannah brown is engaged—see her sparkly three-stone engagement ring! former 'bachelorette' star hannah brown announces her engagement. discover the details of the proposal and get a closer look at her exquisite three-stone ring. read article‘basketball wives’ alum jennifer williams is engaged—see her pear-shaped engagement ring! former 'basketball wives' star jennifer williams shares her exciting news, revealing a pear-shaped engagement ring given to her by her fiancé, christian gold. read articlelaw & order star odelya halevi is engaged—see her oval-cut diamond sparkler!law & order actress odelya halevi announces her engagement to long-time boyfriend aaron mazor, revealing her stunning oval-cut solitaire engagement ring.read articlesinger charlie puth is engaged—see his fiancée's huge pear shaped diamond engagement ring! singer-songwriter charlie puth proposed to his girlfriend while enjoying pizza. get a glimpse of his fiancée's stunning pear-shaped diamond engagement ring.read articlesparkling jewelry looks from the 2023 venice international film festival explore dazzling diamond jewelry looks and glamorous fashion highlights from the red carpet and beyond at the 2023 venice international film festival. read articleglamorous diamond jewelry looks from the 2023 vma awards see the sparkling diamond jewelry highlights and spectacular fashions showcased on the bright pink carpet at the 2023 vma awards worn by music's biggest stars. read articlekaley cuoco shares exciting news about her sister briana's engagement to brian logan dales the big bang theory star kaley cuoco announces the joyful news of her sister briana's engagement to brian logan dales in a heartwarming instagram announcement.read articleactor brian austin green is engaged to 'dancing with the stars' performer sharna burgess actor brian austin green announces his engagement to 'dancing with the stars' performer sharna burgess. get the details on the proposal see her stunning ring. read articlechicago med star torrey devitto is engaged to director jared lapine—see her gorgeous ring! actress torrey devitto revealed her engagement to director jared lapine. see photos of her stunning engagement ring and learn more about their love story.read articlecountry music artists gary wayne and ali taylor are engaged—check out her oval-cut sparkler!country music stars gary wayne and ali taylor's announced their engagement. see her stunning oval-cut engagement ring and the heartwarming proposal story.read article'below deck mediterranean' star natasha webb is engaged to musician max landry—see her radiant cut sparkler!'below deck mediterranean' star natasha webb announces her engagement to musician max landry, proudly showing her ring. learn more about their exciting news! read articlerhoc alum noella bergener is engaged—see her ultra flashy engagement ring! former real housewives of orange county reality tv star noella bergener announces her engagement on instagram with a dazzling emerald-cut diamond ring.read articlerhony alum tinsley mortimer is engaged—see her huge emerald engagement ring!get a glimpse of rhony's tinsley mortimer’s enormous and stunning emerald engagement ring, which according to jewelry experts, may be worth as much as $500k!read articlezoë kravitz is engaged to channing tatum—see her sparkly cushion-cut engagement ring! get a glimpse of batman and high fidelity star zoë kravitz's stunning cushion-cut diamond engagement ring from her fiancé, magic mike star channing tatum.read articlerhonj star frank catania is engaged—see his fiancée's impressive engagement ring the real housewives of new jersey's frank catania is engaged to brittany mattessich. check out brittany’s jaw-dropping princess-cut diamond engagement ring.read articlemelissa rivers is engaged with a magnificent three-stone engagement ring! melissa rivers is engaged to her partner of nearly two years! discover the details of her engagement and the meaningful symbolism of her engagement ring.read articlemagician criss angel pops the question again to ex-wife shaunyl benson—check out her round sparkler! magician criss angel surprises his ex-wife, singer-songwriter shaunyl benson, with a heartfelt proposal and a stunning round-cut diamond engagement ring. read articleone tree hill alum stephen colletti and nascar reporter alex weaver are engaged one tree hill alum stephen colletti and nascar reporter alex weaver are engaged. coletti proposed during a trip to rome, giving weaver an oval-cut sparkler! read article'percy jackson' actor logan lerman is engaged to his longtime girlfriend—catch a glimpse of her ring! actor logan lerman, known for his role in 'percy jackson,' is engaged to his girlfriend analuisa corrigan. get a peek at the ring in her instagram video!read articlepop star charli xcx is engaged to george daniel of ‘the 1975’—see her round-cut sparkler!english pop star charli xcx is engaged to george daniel, producer and drummer from 'the 1975.' check out her dazzling round-cut diamond engagement ring! read articleactor rufus sewell is engaged to actress vivian benitez—see her stunning ring!actor rufus sewell popped the question to actress vivian benitez while in italy. take a peek at her dazzling and timeless round-cut diamond engagement ring! read articleactor and former host of '106 & park' terrence j is engaged to model mikalah sultan—see her gorgeous ring!actor and former '106 & park' host terrence j is officially engaged to model mikalah sultan. take a look at her jaw-dropping emerald-cut engagement ring!read articlethe emerging popularity of lab diamond tennis jewelryexplore the rising popularity of lab-grown diamond tennis jewelry and discover the celebrities who embrace this sustainable and timeless jewelry style.read articleactress yvette nicole brown announced her engagement while guest co-hosting on the viewactress yvette nicole brown shares the news of her engagement while guest co-hosting on the view. learn about her fiancé anthony davis’ heartwarming proposal.read articlebella thorne's fiancé bought her five engagement rings before she chose her favoritebella thorne's fiancé, film producer mark emms, went above and beyond, buying her five engagement rings before she found the one that suited her perfectly. read articledemi lovato is engaged to musician ‘jutes’—see her head-turning engagement ring! demi lovato is engaged to musician jordan 'jutes' lutes, who gifted the singer-songwriter with a customized pear-shaped diamond solitaire engagement ring. read articlerobert pattinson and suki waterhouse are engaged—see her elegant toi et moi engagement ring!twilight star robert pattinson and pregnant actress and model suki waterhouse are engaged. check out her striking toi et moi double diamond engagement ring!read articlewashington commanders terry mclaurin is engaged—see his fiancée's oval sparkler!nfl star terry mclaurin announces his engagement to his girlfriend with a romantic proposal in key west. see the photos and her stunning engagement ring. read articlepatrick schwarzenegger and model abby champion are engaged—see her two-stone engagement ring! actor patrick schwarzenegger and model abby champion announce their holiday engagement. see the proposal photos and her gorgeous two-stone engagement ring! read articledenim + diamonds. yes, please!the dress code for khloe kardashian’s 40th birthday extravaganza last weekend was denim and diamonds, and we are totally digging the resurrection of this playful style. read articlestay in the knowsign upfollow us:3 barker avenuewhite plains, ny 106011.888.9ritani (1.888.974.8264)the engagement ring company that’ll do anything for love.contact usabout ritaniour services diamond inventoryritani reviewsrefer a friendfree in-person previewfinancing & split payments returns and exchangesdiamond buy-back programfrequently asked questionsterms and conditionsprivacy policycalifornia privacy policycopyright noticesms terms of servicedo not sell my information - california residentsaccessibility statementborderfree faqborderfree order trackerjewelry insuranceritani rewardscopyright © ritani 2024