来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20241227005121/https://www.ritani.com/pages/about-ritani
================================================================================

learn more about ritani | ritani10% off lab diamonds + 30% off jewelry & wedding rings | learn more10% off lab diamonds + 30% off jewelry & wedding rings | learn more10% off lab diamonds + 30% off jewelry & wedding rings | learn morepreview locationscontact uscallemailchat>select locationlogin or sign updiamondsfind your diamondstart with a diamondstart with a lab diamondstart with a colored diamondstart with a colored lab diamondshop diamonds by shaperoundcushionprincessasscherovalemeraldradiantheartpearmarquiseshop diamonds by carat1 carat diamonds2 carat diamonds3 carat diamonds4 carat diamonds5 carat diamondsdesign your own jewelrypendantsstud earringsengagement ringslimited time only: 4% off natural diamondsshop nowlab diamondsfind your lab diamondstart with a lab diamondstart with a colored lab diamondstart with a setting40% off select lab diamondsshop lab diamonds by shaperoundcushionprincessasscherovalemeraldradiantheartpearmarquiseshop lab diamonds by carat1 carat lab grown diamonds2 carat lab grown diamonds3 carat lab grown diamonds4 carat lab grown diamonds5 carat lab grown diamondsdesign your own jewelrypendantsstud earringsengagement ringslimited time only: 20% off lab grown diamondsshop nowengagement ringscreate your diamond ringstart with a settingstart with a diamondstart with a lab diamonddesign your own ringshop by stylehalohidden halosolitairesidestonetwo stonethree stonevintageshop by diamond shaperoundcushionprincessovalemeraldshop by metalwhite gold engagement ringsyellow gold engagement ringsrose gold engagement ringsplatinum engagement ringsdesign your own engagement ring in real time.start designingwedding ringswomen's wedding ringsclassicdiamondstackablecurvedeternityfive stoneseven stonenine stonemen's wedding bandsclassicmoderndiamondtwo tonewomen's rings by metalwhite goldyellow goldrose goldplatinummen's bands by metalwhite goldyellow goldrose goldplatinumcobalttantalumtungstendiscover our collection of lab and natural diamond eternity rings.shop nowjewelrydiamond jewelrydiamond necklacesdiamond earringsdiamond tennis braceletsdiamond ringsthe vaultfine jewelryearringsnecklacesbraceletsringsmen's jewelrychildren's fine jewelrydesign your own jewelrypendantsstud earringsengagement ringscharm buildervalentine's day gift guidenew arrivalsthe sophie lopez editbrosway italiameira tgemstone jewelrypearl jewelrythe sophie lopez editshop nowgemstonesfind your gemstoneemeraldsrubiessapphiresshop gemstones by colorblackbluegreenorangepinkpurpleredtealwhiteyellowgemstone jewelryearringsnecklacesbraceletsringseducationthe ultimate guide to gemstonesthe meaning of gemstone engagement ringshow to buy a sapphire engagement ringlearn about sapphiresemerald educationhow to buy a ruby engagement ringgemstone jewelryshop alleducationdiamond buying guidesintro to the 4 c'sdiamond carat guidesdiamond clarity guidesdiamond color guidesdiamond cut guidesdiamond shape guidesengagement ringsring buying essentialsengagement ring style guideengagement ring budget guideengagement ring shape guideengagement ring carat guidehow to measure ring sizehelpful guidesthe jewelry term glossarytips to create a budgethow to clean jewelryhow to buy diamond studshow to buy wedding ringsjewelry insurance guideblogcelebrityweddingsrelationshipsengagementsring builderritani rewardswishlistchat with a virtual gemologist>cart (0)>>who we arefounded in 1999 by a family of jewelers, we’ve been making it simpler to purchase high-quality, handcrafted jewelry ever since. our pieces are one-of-a-kind and made to order in new york by expert artisans. we know diamonds. you know you. we want to share our extensive knowledge of jewelry with you so you can find the right engagement ring, wedding band, or whatever piece that you’re looking for. we are honored to be a part of this exciting time in your life.the ritani differencewe love love itself. and we want you to find jewelry to fall in love with. finding the right engagement ring or wedding band can be stressful and maybe even a little scary, especially online. we’re here to help.affordable jewelrybeautiful jewelry doesn’t need to be overpriced. we cut out the middleman in order to give you more accessible jewelry. expressing your love shouldn’t have to cost a fortune. transparent diamond pricingat ritani, we are dedicated to clarity when it comes to our diamonds. our unique transparent diamond pricing feature breaks down the costs that go into acquiring our diamonds so you know exactly what you are paying for. the transparent diamond pricing feature includes our cost to purchase the diamond, fulfillment costs, and our markup.confidence for our customers our mission is to marry the ease of online shopping with the confidence of in-store purchasing. we’ve created the feature free in-store preview. with free in-store preview, our intuitive website makes it easy to design a ring you’ll love and preview it at a nearby jeweler at no cost. if you love the ring, buy it. if not, leave it and pay nothing. we won’t be offended. we offer this unique service because we want our customers to have the confidence that they are making the right decision and to see what they are buying. after all, an engagement ring is an important investment. make your dreams a reality ritani gives you the opportunity to create a ring as unique as your love. we have over 90,000 diamonds in our inventory, plus thousands of different settings to choose from. build your ring online, or if you have something else in mind, we offer custom ring design services. contact us for custom requests. contact us real people, not robots we use real people, not robots to help you find what you’re looking for. whether you choose to email a representative at [email protected] or call us at 1-888-9ritani, we’re delighted to help. our commitment is to get you the right ring within your price range. we never upsell or pressure you into buying something that’s not in your budget. our customers are raving about our representatives - if this sounds too good to be true, read our reviews. top-notch education we provide you with everything you need to know about different diamonds and metals. we want people to understand exactly what it is that they’re buying so they can make the right choices. our goal is to make buying jewelry shopping a transparent process - we want you to get jewelry at a fair price. ritani offers hundreds of free resources including online articles, virtual appointments with expert gemologists, and ritani experts available daily by phone or email. learn morecommitment to ethical diamonds jewelry should come with joy, not guilt. each ritani diamond is ethically sourced with love and respect for all beings everywhere. we’ve been driving change in the american diamond industry since day one. we provide full transparency on our diamond supply chain, so you know exactly where your diamond is coming from. ritani is one of the leading companies in the united states to use the kimberley process, which upholds strict standards to ethically source diamonds. our promisewe want you to have your dream ring, and we want to handcraft it especially for you. but we offer more than just dream-worthy diamonds and stunning settings. we’ll be there with you every step of the way to educate you on how to build the perfect ring. 1. always ethically sourcedritani goes above and beyond to ensure that all our diamonds, gems and precious metals are ethically sourced. ritani is one of the leading companies in the united states to use the kimberley process, which upholds strict sourcing standards. 2. authenticated every timeeach of our loose diamonds is hand inspected by a real live person. our diamonds are certified by reputable agencies, such as the gia, ags, and igi. 3. free to seeritani is one of the only online jewelers to offer free in-store preview, a service that allows you to preview your engagement ring for free in stores at no cost to you. 4. free to returnif you’re not in love with what you’ve purchased, you can return it for free within 30 days. we’ll even schedule a fedex pick-up from your home or office so you don’t have to add another errand to your list. 5. price matchingour diamond price match guarantee gives you the confidence that you're paying the best price for your diamond. if an online competitor's diamond is priced for less, we will attempt to find a similar diamond at a lower price. 6. picture perfect diamondswe took the time to photograph each one of our diamonds in our inventory - we have over 90,000 diamonds, by the way. when you view a diamond on our website, you’re looking at an actual picture of the diamond, not a look-alike. you can also request a diamond analysis, which includes high-def videos and ultra-clear imagery. 7. caring customer service our customer service rocks. if you don’t believe us, read our reviews. we’re available day and night to help you build the perfect ring and answer any diamond questions you may have. 8. your secret’s safe with us. when you make a purchase from ritani, your shipment is fully insured from our door to yours. every order comes with free shipping & discreet packaging so we won’t ruin the surprise. 9. tlc every ring comes with a lifetime care package, which includes free lifetime cleanings, value appraisal, and a diamond certificate. you don’t even have to mail your ring back to us for your free cleaning - just visit your local ritani retailer. 10. warranty for life we will repair or replace your ring in the unlikely event of any manufacturing defects at no extra cost. our storygetting engaged should be a fun and exciting time - so why do so many people feel overwhelmed, confused, and misled looking for a ring? we wish someone had been there to guide us in engagement ring shopping instead of just trying to make a sale, and that’s why we created ritani. we’ve created an effortless ring designing experience by being available to chat online or over the phone to give you advice. we want you to feel like you can make a purchase and pop the question with zero doubts about your ring. class starts now everybody has presumptions, recommendations, or a “diamond guy” going into engagement ring shopping. we want you to educate yourself on diamonds so that you can determine which ring is right for you and your budget. we’ve put our 40+ years of jewelry experience into an online education hub so you can get the most important information at your fingertips.get schooledfind partners near you we’ve partnered with hundreds of local jewelers. if you choose to purchase a ring online, you also have the option to pick it up in stores if you can’t be home for delivery. let’s talk we’ve hired a stellar team that always puts the customer first. our goal is to put your mind at ease and to help you find the right ring. we never upsell or pressure you to buy anything. we actually know what we’re talking about - we’re certified diamond experts. and you’ll be happy to know that when you call us or chat online, you’ll get connected to a real person, not a robot, waiting in our new york office to help you make the right decision. our qualityevery ring is handcrafted, one-of-a-kind, and made to order in our new york studio. we believe that every piece of jewelry has its own story, and we get excited at the opportunity to create that story for you. made with love every ring is handcrafted with the highest quality materials to create the highest quality jewelry. ritani’s innovative technology enables our jewelers to get your design right every time. with combined experience of over 100 years, our master jewelers work relentlessly on every ring to ensure you get the moment right. shop engagement ringsprice matching90% of your budget goes towards the diamond center stone - so we’ve created the lowest markups possible by cutting out the middleman. our goal is to get you the perfect diamond at the perfect price. see a diamond priced for less somewhere else? we’ll find a similar diamond in our inventory at a lower price. learn moreethical sourcingall of our diamonds, gemstones, and precious metals are 100% ethically sourced. we care about the welfare of others and want you to be able to make a purchase that you can feel good about. learn moreour missionwe’re committed to making the world a better place by giving back to the communities that unearth our diamonds and by leading the change towards a conflict-free diamond industry. creating jobs namibia’s economy was weakened and unstable from the diamond industry. even though rough diamonds were one of their main exports, namibia’s rough diamonds sold for far less than the cut and polished versions did in europe. ritani decided to turn this around by creating more jobs in namibia. in 2008, ritani built a factory in windhoek, the nation’s capital, to sort and cut diamonds. this factory has provided better-paying jobs for the community and has strengthened its economy. learn moregiving backin addition to creating more jobs for communities in namibia, julius klein group has donated hundreds of thousands of dollars to various human rights groups, including an orphanage that houses over 30 children. jkg is also dedicated to furthering the education of children by donating thousands of dollars to namibian primary schools. supporting the artsritani cares deeply for the environment and ethically sourcing materials. we award students with a scholarship that have demonstrated outstanding innovation and environmental sustainability in their craft. today’s brilliant minds are shaping our future. 3 barker avenuewhite plains, ny 106011.888.9ritani (1.888.974.8264)the engagement ring company that’ll do anything for love.contact usabout ritaniour services diamond inventoryritani reviewsrefer a friendfree in-person previewfinancing & split payments returns and exchangesdiamond buy-back programfrequently asked questionsterms and conditionsprivacy policycalifornia privacy policycopyright noticesms terms of servicedo not sell my information - california residentsaccessibility statementborderfree faqborderfree order trackerjewelry insuranceritani rewardscopyright © ritani 2024