来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20250507011327/https://www.ritani.com/pages/frequently-asked-questions
================================================================================

ritani frequently asked questions | ritanimy workshopflash sale: 40% off select lab diamond pendants | learn moreflash sale: 40% off select lab diamond pendants | learn moreflash sale: 40% off select lab diamond pendants | learn morepreview locationscontact uscallemailchatlogin or sign updiamondsfind your diamondstart with a diamondstart with a lab diamondstart with a colored diamondstart with a colored lab diamondshop diamonds by shaperoundcushionprincessasscherovalemeraldradiantheartpearmarquiseshop diamonds by carat1 carat diamonds2 carat diamonds3 carat diamonds4 carat diamonds5 carat diamondsdiamond jewelrydiamond stud earringsdiamond tennis braceletsdiamond necklaces & pendantsdesign your own diamond jewelrytake 2% off natural diamonds, applied automatically.shop nowlab diamondsfind your lab diamondstart with a lab diamondstart with a colored lab diamondstart with a setting40% off select lab diamondsshop lab diamonds by shaperoundcushionprincessasscherovalemeraldradiantheartpearmarquiseshop lab diamonds by carat1 carat lab grown diamonds2 carat lab grown diamonds3 carat lab grown diamonds4 carat lab grown diamonds5 carat lab grown diamondsdiamond jewelrydiamond stud earringsdiamond tennis braceletsdiamond necklaces & pendantsdesign your own diamond jewelrybrowse igi and gia certified lab grown diamonds. shop nowengagement ringsdesign your engagement ringstart with a settingstart with a diamondstart with a lab diamonddesign your own ringshop by stylehalo engagement ringshidden halo engagement ringssolitaire engagement ringssidestone engagement ringstoi et moi engagement ringsthree stone engagement ringsvintage engagement ringseast-west engagement ringsshop by diamond shaperoundcushionprincessovalemeraldshop by metalwhite gold engagement ringsyellow gold engagement ringsrose gold engagement ringsplatinum engagement ringsdesign your own engagement ringstart designingwedding ringswomen's wedding ringsclassicdiamondstackablecurvedeternityfive stoneseven stonenine stonemen's wedding bandsclassicmoderndiamondtwo tonewomen's rings by metalwhite goldyellow goldrose goldplatinummen's bands by metalwhite goldyellow goldrose goldplatinumcobalttantalumtungstenbrowse natural and lab grown anniversary rings today.shop nowjewelrydiamond jewelrydiamond necklacesdiamond earringsdiamond tennis braceletsdiamond ringsthe vaultfine jewelryearringsnecklacesbraceletsringsmen's jewelrychildren's fine jewelrydesign your own jewelrypendantsstud earringsengagement ringscharm buildertrendingana luisabrosway italiaettikagemstone jewelrypearl jewelryettikashop the collectiongemstonesfind your gemstoneemeraldsrubiessapphiresshop gemstones by colorblackbluegreenorangepinkpurpleredtealwhiteyellowgemstone jewelryearringsnecklacesbraceletsringseducationthe ultimate guide to gemstonesthe meaning of gemstone engagement ringshow to buy a sapphire engagement ringlearn about sapphiresemerald educationhow to buy a ruby engagement ringgemstone jewelryshop alleducationdiamond buying guidesintro to the 4 c'sdiamond carat guidesdiamond clarity guidesdiamond color guidesdiamond cut guidesdiamond shape guidesengagement ringsring buying essentialsengagement ring style guideengagement ring budget guideengagement ring shape guideengagement ring carat guidehow to measure ring sizehelpful guidesthe jewelry term glossarytips to create a budgethow to clean jewelryhow to buy diamond studshow to buy wedding ringsjewelry insurance guideblogcelebrityweddingsdiamondsring builderwishlistchat with a virtual gemologistfrequently asked questionspaymentsdo you offer split payment options for your customers? absolutely! please call us at 1.888.974.8264 or contact our customer service team and they will be more than happy to accommodate your payment methods. engagement ringsare your engagement ring settings nickel-free? in order to give our customers with sensitive skin more options, our 18kt gold settings are available nickel-free for an additional $100 - contact customer service at 1-888-9ritani or email [email protected] to get a nickel-free setting. platinum is another hypoallergenic option. i already have an heirloom diamond. can you put it in one of your settings? we can put an heirloom diamond in one of our settings at no additional cost, however, you will need to mail us your diamond so it can be reset in our white plains factory. we may request that you sign a waiver for this service. what is minimum total carat weight? minimum total carat weight refers to the lowest combined weight of all of the diamonds in a piece of jewelry. what makes a ring look cheap? a poorly cut diamond center stone can make a ring look less attractive. cut is the most important factor for your diamond as it influences the level of sparkle. choose a very good or ideal cut grade for your diamond. is 3 carats too big for an engagement ring? it really depends on your personal preferences, however, a 3-carat diamond will be a beautiful and eye-catching choice for your engagement ring. take advantage of free in-store preview to see your desired 3-carat diamond at a location near you.is a $2000 dollar engagement ring cheap? you should spend whatever feels right for you! you can still get a gorgeous engagement ring with a $2,000 budget. contact our customer service team for help choosing the right diamond and setting for your budget.diamondscan you engrave a diamond?engravings can be added to the girdle of the diamond using lasers. you can learn more about diamond engraving here. please note that engraving a diamond will make it final sale. if you are interested in engraving your diamond, please contact our customer service team. are ritani diamonds real? each ritani diamond is 100% real and is graded by an independent agency. your diamond will come with a grading certificate, as well as a free appraisal. i’m interested in learning more about a diamond through a virtual gemologist appointment. will the diamond be sold to someone else by then? you can request for a diamond to be reserved. just contact our customer service team at 1-888-9ritani or email [email protected]. how long does it take to receive hd images of the diamond i am interested in? it can take up to 48 business hours to receive hd diamond images. can i upgrade my diamond? any natural ritani diamond purchased directly on ritani.com after october 11, 2012 is eligible for an upgrade, as long as it is certified by the gia or agsl. you can upgrade to a diamond that is at least 3.5x greater in value than your original diamond. we will exchange your diamond for credit equal to 100% of its original value. to start the diamond upgrade process, contact customer service at 1-888-9ritani or email [email protected] lab-grown diamonds cannot be upgraded. diamond upgrade qualifications were updated on november, 2024what is the best fake diamond to buy? cubic zirconia is the most common fake diamond. moissanite is a very convincing diamond simulant. are simulated diamonds worth anything? simulated diamonds such as cubic zirconia are produced to be an affordable alternative to diamonds so they are not worth much. are moissanite diamonds fake? moissanite is not a diamond; it is made of silicon carbide while diamonds are made solely of carbon. moissanite will easily pass for a diamond. is 1.5 carats a good size? a 1.5-carat diamond is slightly larger than the average engagement ring center stone and will make a lovely choice for your ring. is 2 carat diamond big? the average diamond engagement ring center stone ranges from 0.75-1 carat, so a 2-carat diamond is certainly above average and will be noticeably large. how big of a diamond can you get for $10000? there are many other factors that go into a diamond’s pricing, such as cut, color, and clarity, so it is difficult to say how large of a diamond you can get with that budget. for example, there are 1-carat diamonds that cost $10,000, but there are also 2-carat diamonds that cost $10,000. if you choose a lab-grown diamond, you can get an even larger diamond with a $10,000 budget. again, it depends on the diamond's quality, but you can get a 3 to 4-carat lab-grown diamond for $10,000.which diamond shape looks biggest? marquise-cut diamonds look the biggest since they have the largest surface area. other fancy shapes such as the oval-cut diamond and pear-cut diamond also have large surface areas, making them appear larger than stones of the same carat weight. lab-grown diamondsare lab grown diamonds real? yes, lab-grown diamonds are 100% real diamonds. they are chemically, physically, and optically identical to earth-grown diamonds. a lab-grown diamond will test as a diamond using a diamond detector. we test each of our lab-grown diamonds with a diamond tester before shipping it to our customers. each of our lab-grown diamonds comes with a grading certificate from a respected third-party agency (excluding preset lab diamond jewelry). are lab grown diamonds better than earth grown diamonds?people often assume that lab grown diamonds are more “perfect” than earth grown diamonds. lab grown diamonds can still have inclusions, just like earth grown diamonds. when choosing between a lab grown diamond or an earth grown diamond, it’s really all about preference. some people love that lab grown diamonds can be up to 30% less expensive, while others love that natural diamonds are produced by mother nature. can you tell the difference between a lab grown diamond and an earth grown diamond?since lab grown diamonds are chemically the same as earth grown diamonds, you cannot tell them apart, even with a loupe. can i upgrade my lab grown diamond?at this time, we do not offer upgrades on lab grown diamonds. are lab-grown diamonds the same thing as moissanite?no, lab-grown diamonds are not the same thing as moissanite. moissanite is made of silicon carbide with a hardness of 9.25 on the mohs scale. lab-grown diamonds are made of carbon (just like earth-grown diamonds!) and have a hardness of 10 on the mohs scale. ​related: moissanite vs diamond​does ritani sell moissanite?no, ritani does not sell moissanite. jewelryis jewelry covered by the warranty?only engagement rings and wedding rings are covered by the warranty. jewelry is not covered. can you repair broken jewelry?if a piece of jewelry needs to be repaired, it should be sent to us for an assessment. if there are any fees, the customer will be notified of the cost prior to any work being done. once the fee(s) are approved, our team will proceed with the repair. please contact customer service at 1-888-9ritani or email [email protected] for assistance. do you offer screw-back earrings?yes! if you are selecting a pair of earrings on our website, choose "screw-back" under the "backing type" dropdown. should you need assistance, contact our customer service team. do you resize fashion rings?we cannot resize fashion rings. we advise that you make sure it fits your finger within the 30-day return period. we would be more than happy to exchange it for you. does ritani create custom jewelry?we would be delighted to create your dream piece of jewelry! please note that custom jewelry is non-returnable. to get started on your custom piece of jewelry, please contact customer service at 1-888-9ritani or email [email protected]. wedding ringsare your wedding rings nickel-free? in order to give our customers with sensitive skin more options, nickel-free wedding rings are available in 18kt gold for an additional $100 fee. please contact customer service at 1-888-9ritani or email [email protected] to order a nickel-free wedding ring. platinum is another hypoallergenic option. do you resize wedding rings? all wedding rings, excluding eternity bands(*) and alternative metals(**) may be resized once for free within the first year of purchase. if the request does not fall within the above guidelines, feel free to contact our diamond concierge team with additional questions. please note that ring resizing services are only applicable to customers in the u.s. and canada. (*) eternity bands - rings that have diamonds all around the band, therefore not allowing room for modifications. (**) alternative metals include cobalt, titanium, tungsten, and palladium. do you create custom wedding rings? yes, we create custom wedding rings! there’s no extra fee to create a custom ring. we’ll create a 3d render for you so you’ll know exactly what your ring will look like. to get started, call customer service at 1-888-9ritani or email [email protected]. can you engrave wedding rings? all wedding rings come with complimentary engraving. we can even engrave symbols such as hearts and infinity signs. due to the nature of eternity bands, they cannot be engraved. engraving tungsten, tantalum, or cobalt wedding rings will make them final sale. depending on your ring size, we can engrave up to 12 characters including spacing. contact customer service at 1-888-9ritani if you would like your jewelry to be engraved. what should i engrave on my wedding ring? couples often choose their anniversary, the date they met, or their partner’s initials to engrave on the band. how do i know what my ring size is?aside from visiting a jeweler, the best way to learn your or your partner’s ring size is by using a ring sizing tool. ritani will mail you an easy-to-use ring sizer for free so you can discover your ring size at your convenience. contact our customer service team to receive a free ring sizer. can i see your wedding rings in person? ritani has showrooms in new york, d.c., and philadelphia where you can see and try on some of our wedding rings. you can learn more about our different showrooms here. anniversary gifting do you accept returns on jewelry? jewelry can be returned. however, custom jewelry pieces cannot be returned. you can read more about our return policy here. note: two returns/exchanges are allowed per customer, per year. i bought a diamond from ritani a few years ago. can i upgrade my diamond as an anniversary gift?any natural ritani diamond purchased directly on ritani.com after october 11, 2012 is eligible for an upgrade, as long as it is certified by the gia or agsl. lab-grown diamonds cannot be upgraded. you can upgrade to a diamond that is at least 2.5x greater in value than your original diamond. we will exchange your diamond for credit equal to 100% of its original value. to start the diamond upgrade process, contact customer service at 1-888-9ritani or email [email protected]. what should i get as an anniversary gift? there are no strict rules as to what you should get as an anniversary gift. some common anniversary gifts include eternity bands and diamond earrings - but get whatever you feel your partner would wear and cherish. shipping/returns/exchanges can my order be delivered internationally? yes. international customers must pay for shipping, duties, and taxes. for further information, please contact customer service via email at [email protected] or at 1-888-9ritani. note: two returns/exchanges are allowed per customer, per year. are returns free? there is no cost to make a return. we can even schedule a fedex pick-up at your home or office. you’ll also receive free return insurance. free returns & exchanges are only available within the u.s. international customers will need to pay duties, shipping and taxes.  ﻿note: two returns/exchanges are allowed per customer, per year. how many days do i have to make a return? loose diamonds, loose lab diamonds, engagement rings, wedding rings and jewelry can be returned within 30 days of delivery to you, store or representative. how long will it take for my order to arrive? we offer free fedex overnight priority shipping within the u.s. for orders greater than or equal to $500. for u.s. orders below $500, ritani offers free usps priority shipping or $24.95 for fedex overnight priority. it can take anywhere from three days to two weeks to receive an engagement ring or wedding ring depending on the style of the ring. you’ll receive a shipment confirmation along with information on how to track your order. once shipped, your order is expected to be delivered to you by 12pm est the following business day pending no courier delays. a signature will be required at delivery. your order will be fully insured from our door to yours.can i ship an order to a location that is not my billing address? you can ship to an alternate location. however, your alternate shipping address needs to be on file with your credit card in order to receive the package. simply call your bank and provide them with the alternate shipping address. is packaging discreet? all orders will arrive in a discreetly marked package in order not to ruin the surprise. manufacturing warrantyis fine jewelry covered by the manufacturing warranty? only engagement rings and wedding rings are covered by the manufacturing warranty. jewelry is not covered. what are manufacturing defects? the manufacturing warranty covers all manufacturing defects - it does not cover wear and tear. manufacturing defects are determined upon inspection at ritani and not a ritani authorized dealer and/or retailer. ritani will provide a prepaid shipping label to have the item sent in for inspection. ritani will review manufacturing defects and to their discretion advise if they can repair them, if not they will replace the item at no cost to the consumer.if ritani confirms manufacturer defects, ritani will cover the cost for return shipment. if damage is determined to not be a manufacturing defect, ritani will notify the customer and inform them of any repair services needed and cost at that time. no work will be done without the customer's consent at this point. shipping both ways will be added to the fee. priority overnight shipping is $35 one way for a us shipment. for customers outside the us, shipping costs are specific to the value of the product and destination, duties and taxes may apply.  diamond coverage: if rings are received with any cracked or chipped diamonds the customer must notify ritani immediately to put in the claim. if they do not, they will not be covered. what are examples of wear and tear that are not covered? discoloration due to exposure to chemicals, makeup, swimming pools, hot tubs & bathing. prongs & precious metals wear over time and require restoration work as a part of normal wear and tear. bent, worn out and prongs that have been caught in fabrics and pulled that have allowed a stone to fall out or become lost are due to normal wear and tear. lost stones or stones that have fallen out, been chipped or have broken that are caused by normal wear and tear. what will void the manufacturing warranty? the warranty is automatically voided if maintenance, repair, sizing and/or other services are performed by someone other than ritani and/or a ritani approved location. approval needs to be granted by our customer service team and an appointment for in-store repair will be made by one of our customer service representatives. do you cover ring sizing? all engagement rings & wedding rings, excluding eternity bands(*) and alternative metals(**) may be resized once for free within the first year of purchase.  (*) eternity bands - rings that have diamonds all around the band, therefore not allowing room for modifications. (**) alternative metals are - cobalt, titanium, palladium. shipping is covered both ways for customers in the u.s. and canada. ring resizing is not available for international customers. customers may utilize a ritani authorized dealer and/or retailer for their complimentary sizing only in cases where the ring needs to be sized within ¼ size up or down. if customer would like to redeem these services at a local jeweler that is a ritani authorized dealer, request needs to be processed through csr team and our csr team will facilitate an appointment between customer and store. requests not processed through customer service are invalid and fees may be applicable. do you cover prong tightening, re-polishing, or rhodium plating? all of the above services must be done at ritani and/or a ritani authorized dealer. a $35 one-way shipping fee will apply for us shipments to have the item(s) sent to ritani for servicing. ritani will cover the return shipment. this service is not available for international customers. if a customer would like to redeem these services at a local jeweler that is a ritani authorized dealer, the request needs to be processed through our customer service team. our team will facilitate an appointment between the customer and store. fees may still be applicable if you are serviced directly through a ritani authorized dealer. we do not cover these fees. however, you can choose to send your ring to our new york factory for free servicing. we will notify you in advance if there are any repairs that need to be made at an additional cost. do i really need to activate my warranty within 45 days? while we recommend that it be activated within 45 days, you are able to activate it at any time. why do you need the recipient’s info to activate the warranty? we request the recipient’s info so that in the unlikely event of an issue with their engagement ring or wedding ring, we can work directly with them to resolve the issue. insurancedoes ritani offer jewelry insurance?we highly recommend protecting your jewelry with a jewelry insurance policy. jewelers mutual – the only company specializing in jewelry insurance for 110 years – offers comprehensive insurance coverage to protect, repair or replace your jewelry.what are the advantages to having jewelry insurance?coverage that often goes beyond standard homeowners/renters insurance and added riders.• protection that follows your worldwide travels and covers against loss, theft, damage, mysterious disappearance, and floods and earthquakes.• flexibility to choose your own jeweler; no need for multiple quotes.• keeping jewelry out of your homeowners/renters policy protects your home insurance from the effects of a jewelry claim.• repair or replacement of the same kind and quality as your original piece.• fast, professional, and compassionate claim experience from experts in the jewelry industry.how do i get a quote for jewelry insurance?if you would like to consider an insurance policy with jewelers mutual for your personal jewelry, get a free, no-obligation quote today. for more information and to review official disclaimers click here.the clarity you deserve1.888.9ritani (1.888.974.8264)contact usritani differenceour services sign up for exclusive offers and newssign updiamond inventoryfree in-person previewreturns and exchangesfinancing & split payments diamond buy-back programjewelry insuranceritani reviewsfrequently asked questionsterms and conditionsprivacy policycalifornia privacy policycopyright noticesms terms of serviceaccessibility statementdo not sell my information - california residentscopyright © ritani 2025