来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20101231045924/http://www.thelimited.com/customer-service/security/privacy
================================================================================

security & privacy: the limited create an account | sign in ( 0 ) ( 0 ) customer service your order your account the limited credit cards shipping info returns & exchanges sizing & fit gifts & gift cards contact us our company careers faqs security & privacy privacy policy text message policy ca privacy policy terms of use affiliate program ratings & reviews holiday info privacy policy welcome! this privacy policy is intended to explain what types of information we collect about you, and how we use and share that information. this privacy policy applies only to the information collected online by thelimited.com. what type of information does thelimited.com collect online? how does thelimited.com use the information collected online? what information does thelimited.com share with third parties? visitors from outside the u.s. cookies updating your personal information privacy of children on our website links to other websites and services updates to privacy policy security statement questions or concerns what type of information does thelimited.com collect online? 1. general browsing: thelimited.com gathers navigational information about where visitors go on our web site and information about the technical efficiencies of our web site and services (i.e., time to connect to our web site, time to download pages, etc.). this information allows us to see which areas of our web site are most visited and helps us better understand our visitors' experiences at thelimited.com. with the navigational information, we can improve the quality of our web site by recognizing and delivering more of the features, areas and services our visitors prefer. in the process of gathering navigational information, non-personally identifiable information (for example, domain type, browser version, service provider and ip address) may be collected which will provide information regarding a visitor's use of our web site. 2. collection of personal information: thelimited.com may ask you to provide personal information when you establish or update an account on this site, sign up to receive e-mails or texts from the limited or other marketing materials, make a purchase, create or update your my favorites list, send items to a friend, view your order history, participate in contests and surveys, submit a career profile or contact us. categories of personal information collected online include name, billing and shipping address information, e-mail address, telephone number, mobile number, credit card information, resume information and any other information you choose to provide us. back to top how does thelimited.com use and share the information collected online? thelimited.com uses the information you provide to: deliver products that you have ordered, contact you or the product recipient(s) in the event of order delay or difficulty, deliver information through the various communication channels you have provided to us about our products or website, including adding you to our email list or to our customer phone and mail marketing list when you register for an account or make a purchase send information about events, surveys, promotions and possibly contests to you, tailor your experience on our website to your interests, develop our products, services, and website, and respond to your inquiries. if you have set up an account at this site you may save personal information in that account, such as name and shipping information, and we will access this saved information to make your shopping quicker and easier. we require you to create and/or access your account to use various services on the website, such as your order history, and my favorites. because you must create or access your account prior to using these services, it is possible that we could associate you with the information you provide through these services. we will use the information you provide in a career profile, including in your resume, to assist in your goal of becoming an associate with the limited and, if hired, we will use the information submitted for employment and business-related purposes. with respect to the limited e-mails and text messages, you will receive exclusive information about special offers, media events, new products and much more. if at any time you would like to stop future delivery of the limited e-mails and text messages, please follow the removal instructions located at the end of each message. please note, however, that your request not to receive email information will not preclude us from contacting you by email or otherwise regarding questions we have about your purchase and other operational e-mails, such as shipping information. back to top what information does thelimited.com share with third parties? we may use third party vendors to help us provide services to you, such as monitoring site activity, hosting the web site, processing orders, running promotions and events and surveys, maintaining our database, providing store locator services, processing employment applications, and administering and monitoring e-mails. we may make names and addresses collected online available to other companies. if you do not wish to have your name and address shared with other companies (other than third parties who provide services to thelimited.com) please call us at 1-877-ltd-1963. the information you provide when you make a purchase at thelimited.com (for example, name, address, credit card) will be added to a database and may be used to provide names and addresses to other companies. if you would prefer that we not share your name and mailing address with other companies (other than third parties who provide services to thelimited.com) please call us at 1-877-ltd-1963. if you provide us your e-mail address after march 12, 2010, (including updating your e-mail information), provided you have not opted out of receiving marketing e-mails from us, your e-mail address may also be shared with other companies, so that those businesses may send you information about their products. when you send an e-mail from thelimited.com to a friend, we will send your selected recipient your e-mail address, message, and your selected outfit or item(s). we may include an opportunity for the recipient to sign up to receive promotional materials from thelimited.com. world financial network national bank (wfnnb) issues and owns the limited credit card accounts. if you apply online for a limited credit card with wfnnb and, once opened, you elect to pay your account online, you will be providing your personal information directly to wfnnb and the information you provide to wfnnb would be subject to wfnnb's privacy policies. there is a possibility that the limited could merge with, acquire, or be acquired by another business entity.  if such an action occurs, some or all of the personal information collected about you would be shared with this entity, as well as retained by the limited. you should be aware that we may disclose specific information about you if necessary to do so by law or based on our good faith belief that it is necessary to conform or comply with the law or is necessary to protect the users of our web site, the site or the public. back to top visitors from outside the u.s. if you are visiting thelimited.com from a location outside of the u.s., your connection will be through and to servers located in the u.s. all information you provide to thelimited.com will be maintained in web servers and/or internal systems located within the u.s. back to top cookies thelimited.com uses a browser feature known as a cookie. a cookie is a small data file that is stored by your web browser on your computer. cookies are typically stored on your computer's hard drive and are used by thelimited.com to help track clicks and pass information as you go through the pages within our web site. we may also use cookies to tell us whether thelimited.com has been previously visited by you or someone using your computer, what products you may have viewed or added to your shopping cart, and to assist in the administration of your use of features and programs on our site. we may use cookies and a technology known as clear gifs which are typically stored in e-mails to help us confirm your receipt of, and response to, our e-mails and to provide you a more personalized experience. we may elect to use third party advertising companies and allow them to collect non-personally identifiable information by placing cookies when you choose to visit and when you visit thelimited.com. these companies may use information (not including your name, address, e-mail address, or telephone number) about your choice to visit and your visits to our site and other web sites to provide advertisements about the limited's products and services on this and other web sites. these companies may also provide information to us which we would use to gauge the effectiveness of the advertisements they place about our products and services and for marketing purposes. advertisements displayed to you on our websites and elsewhere on the web may be customized to your interests and preferences, based on information learned about you as you use our websites and the web in general. if you do not want to participate in this, please visit http://www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp to opt-out. we will use a program that will place cookies on your computer to collect information on our behalf. the information that will be collected through these cookies will educate us on such things as search engine referral, ip address, how you navigate around our site, traffic driven by banner ads, responses to e-mail, unique visitor identification, and product browsing. we will use this information and analysis to assist us in better understanding the interests of visitors to our web site and to better serve those interests, including providing e-mails aimed at interests you expressed on our site.  through the use of privacy settings on your browser it is possible (depending on the browser version) to block cookies. back to top updating your personal information we prefer to keep your personal information accurate and up-to-date. to do this, we provide you with the opportunity to update or modify your thelimited.com account by logging in. back to top privacy of children on our web site to ensure compliance with federal law, thelimited.com does not knowingly collect or maintain information provided by children under the age of 13. back to top links to other web sites and services for your convenience, our web site may contain links to other web sites. thelimited.com is not responsible for the privacy practices, advertising, products or the content of such web sites. links that appear on thelimited.com should not necessarily be deemed to imply that thelimited.com endorses or has any affiliation with the linked web sites. we encourage you to review the separate privacy policies of each site you visit. back to top updates to privacy policy as the limited.com continues to offer visitors new and different types of content and services, thelimited.com may modify its information collection, use or disclosure practices. should there be a material change to our information collection, use or disclosure practices, it will be applied only to information collected on a going forward basis, and we will update this privacy policy. back to top security statement thelimited.com has imposed confidentiality obligations on its service providers who will have access to the personal information collected on this site. in addition, we have implemented administrative, technical and physical measures to address the confidentiality of personal information collected on this web site. while we implement the above security measures for this web site, you should be aware that 100% security is not always possible. back to top questions or concerns if you have additional questions or would like more information on this topic, please feel free to contact us at: limited stores client relations po box 182651 columbus, oh 43218-2651 privacypolicy@thelimited.com back to top this privacy policy is effective march 12, 2010. customer service | store locator | order tracking | gift cards | the limited credit cards | our company privacy | ca privacy policy | affiliate program | sitemap | © 2011, limited stores, llc thanks for signing up to receive e-mails from the limited. make sure you don't miss any exclusive offers or fashion updates - copy and paste thelimited@e.thelimited.com into your address book now!