来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20141231164431/http://www.thelimited.com/customer-service/privacy-security/privacy-policy.html
================================================================================

privacy policy | the limited 50% off all full price items extra 50% off all sale items buy 1, get 1 free jewelry free shipping on all orders of $125 or more get it there by dec. 24! use 2nd day shipping & order by dec. 21! details. using basic shipping service, you must order by december 18, 2014 for it to arrive by december 24, 2014. using 2nd day shipping service, you must order by december 21, 2015 for it to arrive by december 24, 2014. using next-day shipping service, you must order by december 22, 2014 for it to arrive by december 24, 2014. all shipping service exclude hawaii, alaska, apo/fpo, and u.s territories. find stores email sign-up my account close log in new account track orders / returns search wish lists go 0 items view bag new arrivals shop by category sweaters dresses tops & tees blouses & shirts jackets & blazers skirts pants exact stretch denim shorts jewelry handbags accessories petites tall online exclusives shop by trend resort trend red alert nautical navy sparkle and shine party shop sweaters & leggings shop by collection as seen in the ashton shop the sweater shop the work shop online exclusives exclusive offers customer favorites limited time offers top looks apparel shop by category sweaters dresses tops & tees blouses & shirts camis & shells jackets & blazers skirts pants exact stretch denim leggings shorts suits outerwear petites shop by category sweaters dresses tops & tees blouses & shirts jackets & blazers skirts pants exact stretch pants denim suits tall shop by category sweaters dresses tops & tees blouses & shirts jackets & blazers skirts pants exact stretch pants denim suits jewelry the luxe collection necklaces earrings bracelets rings delicate jewelry accessories winterwear handbags scarves legwear belts gifts scandal shop apparel inside scoop sale shop by category sweaters tops dresses jackets pants denim skirts petites handbags jewelry accessories scandal final sale stylelist limited catalog dressing room fashion calendar style stories social stream home >customer service >privacy policy privacy policy customer service your orderplace an orderorder trackingcoupons & promotionsgift cardsgift certificates & merchandise creditsprices & taxesvirtual dollarsmy accountyour accountthe limited credit cardsthe limited credit cardsapply nowpay your billshipping informationshipping rates & timeframesinternational shippingapo & fpo shippingreturns & exchangesreturns/exchangesreturn/exchange by mailreturn/exchange giftsprice adjustmentspre-authorizations & overchargessize & fitsize & fitgifts & gift cardsgifts & gift cardsthe limited gift cardsgift card purchasevirtual gift card purchaseredemption instructionscontact uscontact usour companyour companysun capital partners, inc.social responsibilitycode of conductcareerscareersbenefitscorporate positionsdistrict manager positionsstore manager positionsall other store positionsholiday positionsfaqstop questions askedorder informationshopping onlinethe limited credit cardpaypalgift certificates & merchandise creditspromotions & mailingsreturns & exchanges faqprivacy & securityprivacy policyca privacy policyterms of uselegal noticeslegal noticesratings & reviewsratings & reviewsreview guidelinesterms & conditionsshop by reviewspaypalpaypal welcome! this privacy policy is intended to explain what types of information we collect about you, and how we use and share that information. one section of this privacy policy also addresses what happens with information we collect on the limited pages on social media sites, such as facebook, twitter, and youtube ("social media pages"). this privacy policy applies only to the information collected online by thelimited.com and affiliates or through our social media pages. what type of information does thelimited.com collect online? what type of information does the limited collect on its social media sites? how does thelimited.com use the information collected online? use of technology to serve our advertising and your choices. what information does thelimited.com share with third parties? choice – opt out visitors from outside the u.s. updating your personal information privacy of children on our website links to other websites and services updates to privacy policy security statement questions or concerns what type of information does thelimited.com collect online? 1. collection of personal information: thelimited.com may ask you to provide personal information when you establish or update an account on this site, sign up to receive emails or texts from the limited or other marketing materials, make a purchase, create or update your wish list, send items to a friend, view your order history, participate in contests and surveys, submit a career profile or contact us. categories of personal information collected online include name, billing and shipping address information, email address, telephone number, mobile number, payment card information, recipient's name, address and email address, items purchased combined with your other personal information, résumé information and any other information you choose to provide us. 2. information observed or collected through technology: navigational information. thelimited.com gathers navigational information about where visitors go on our website and information about the technical efficiencies of our website and services (i.e., time to connect to our website, time to download pages, etc.). in the process of gathering navigational information, non-personally identifiable information (for example, domain type, browser version, and service provider) may be collected which will provide information regarding a visitor's use of our website. cookies. a cookie is a small data file that is stored by your web browser on your computer or device. cookies are typically stored on your computer's hard drive or in your device’s memory and tracks information about your clicks as you go through the pages within our website. some of the cookies we use to collect this information may be “flash” cookies or adobe® cookies, which are similar to traditional cookies, but reside in adobe flash player rather than your browser. pixel tags. a pixel tag is a nearly invisible pixel-sized graphic image on a webpage or in an email message. pixel tags collect the same information about your visit that is collected through cookies, as noted above. pixel tags in emails allow us to collect information regarding your receipt of, and response to, our emails. back to top what type of information does the limited collect on its social media sites? personal information may be collected directly by the limited through social media pages and may also be collected by the social media site hosting the limited's social media page. personal information collected directly by the limited: the collection of personal information directly by the limited on its social media pages will include the type of information addressed under "collection of personal information" above. examples of how personal information may be directly collected on the limited's social media pages include providing information through an application or form which has a link to this privacy policy. we will use and share the information we collect on our social media pages in the manner specified below in "how does thelimited.com use the information collected online?" and in “what information does thelimited.com share with third parties?” personal information collected by the social media sites: this privacy policy does not cover the privacy and security practices of the social media sites on which the limited has social media pages. please review privacy policies and terms of service on the social media sites if you have any questions about their privacy or security practices. while not personal information, the social media sites where the limited has its social media pages may provide aggregate information and analysis to the limited about visitors' use of our social media pages. this allows us to better understand and analyze our user growth, general demographic information about the users of our social media pages, and interaction with content on our social media pages. overall, this information may be used to help us understand the types of visitors and users of our social media pages and use of the content. back to top how does thelimited.com use the information collected online? 1. information you provide. thelimited.com uses the information you provide to: deliver products that you have ordered, contact you or the product recipient(s) in the event of order delay or difficulty, deliver information about our products, events, promotions or website (including marketing information) through the various communication channels you have provided to us, including adding you to our email list or to our customer phone and mail marketing list when you register for an account or make a purchase, send information about surveys to you, tailor your experience with us to your interests by using the information you provide to determine those interests, develop our products, services and website, and respond to your inquiries. if you have set up an account at this site you may save personal information in that account, such as name and shipping information, and we will access this saved information to make your shopping quicker and easier. we require you to create and/or access your account to use various services on the website, such as your order history and wish list. because you must create or access your account prior to using these services, it is possible that we could associate you with the information you provide through these services. we will use the information you provide in a career profile, including in your résumé, to assist in your goal of becoming an associate with the limited and, if hired, we will use the information submitted for employment and business-related purposes. with respect to the limited emails and text messages, we use that information to provide you with exclusive information about special offers, media events, new products and much more. 2. information collected through technology. information gathered through technology is used by us to determine such things as which parts of our website are most visited or used, what products are browsed and/or purchased, the effectiveness of our websites and advertisements, and difficulties visitors may experience in accessing our websites. cookies and pixel tags may be used to tell us whether thelimited.com has been previously visited by you or someone using your computer, what products or portions of the website you may have viewed or products added to your shopping bag. the information collected through technology may be associated with other information such as your ip address, name, purchases made, your contact information, your actions in response to our communications with you. this is then used to enhance and personalize your online browsing and shopping experience, to market and promote our products, events, and services to you and to assist in the administration of your use of features and programs on our site. 3. information collected by us on social media pages. the limited uses the information collected on its social media pages to send communications regarding our products, services, and promotions; to respond to your inquiries; to conduct surveys, sweepstakes or contests; to analyze your activity on our social media pages; and to develop our products and services. back to top use of technology to serve our advertising and your choices. we may elect to use third-party advertising companies to serve tailored online display and banner advertisements and allow them to collect information by placing cookies and using pixel tags when you choose to visit and when you visit thelimited.com. these companies may use information about your choice to visit and your visits to our site and other websites to provide advertisements about the limited's products and services on this and other websites. online advertisements may be customized to your interests and preferences, based on information learned about you as you use our websites and the web in general. these advertising companies may also provide information to us which we would use to gauge the effectiveness of the advertisements they place about our products and services and for marketing purposes. to learn about opt out programs that these third-party advertising companies participate in and the effect of opting out, please visit http://www.networkadvertising.org/choices/ and http://www.aboutads.info/choices/. you can also click on the icon that may appear on some of our advertising served through these companies. please be aware that our website systems may not recognize “do not track” header signals from browsers. back to top what information does thelimited.com share with third parties? we may use third-party vendors to help us provide services to you, such as monitoring site activity; hosting the website; assisting us with our social media pages; providing promotional strategy; processing orders; running promotions, events and surveys; maintaining our database; providing store locator services; processing employment applications; and administering and monitoring emails and text messages. we may make names and addresses collected online available to other companies. if you provide us your email address after march 12, 2010 (including updating your email information), provided you have not opted out of receiving marketing emails from us, your email address may also be shared with other companies, so that those businesses may send you information about their products. when you send an email from thelimited.com to a friend, we will send your selected recipient your email address, message, and your selected outfit or item(s). we may include an opportunity for the recipient to sign up to receive promotional materials from thelimited.com. comenity bank issues and owns the limited credit card accounts. if you apply online for a the limited credit card with comenity bank and, once opened, you further elect to pay your account online, you will be providing your personal information directly to comenity bank and the information you provide to comenity bank would be subject to comenity bank's privacy policies. there is a possibility that the limited could merge with, acquire, or be acquired by another business entity, or be involved in a corporate reorganization or other change of control. if such an action occurs, some or all of the personal information collected about you could be shared with this entity and may also be retained by the limited. you should be aware that we may disclose specific information about you if necessary to do so by law or based on our good faith belief that it is necessary to conform or comply with the law or is necessary to protect the users of our website, the website or the public. back to top choice – opt out 1. email if at any time you would like to stop future delivery of the limited marketing emails, please follow the removal instructions located at the end of each marketing message. please note, however, that opting out of these emails will not stop operational or transactional emails, such as order confirmation and shipping emails or customer service emails. 2. text messages if you've signed up for mobile text messaging offers from the limited but later decide you no longer wish to receive them, you can follow the opt-out instructions provided at the time you signed up for text messages or the instructions that may be included in the text messages you receive. 3. cookies through the use of privacy settings on your browser it is possible (depending on the browser version) to block or delete cookies. some parts of the website may not operate correctly if you disable cookies, and you may not be able to take advantage of some of the website’s features. flash cookies will not be affected by any browser setting changes you make related to cookies. you can remove flash cookies by going to http://www.macromedia.com/support/documentation/en/flashplayer/help/ [insert link] and following the instructions on that page. 4. name and mailing address if you would prefer that we not share your name and mailing address with other companies (other than third parties who provide services to thelimited.com), please call us at 1-877-ltd-1963 (1-877-583-1963). back to top visitors from outside the u.s. if you are visiting thelimited.com from a location outside of the u.s., your connection will be through and to servers located in the u.s. all information you provide to thelimited.com will be maintained in web servers and/or internal systems located within the u.s. with respect to personal information you provide to the limited on its social media pages, once received from the social media sites, it is maintained and processed by us on servers and internal systems located in the u.s. back to top updating your personal information we prefer to keep your personal information accurate and up-to-date. to do this, we provide you with the opportunity to update or modify your thelimited.com account when you log in. privacy of children on our website to ensure compliance with federal law, thelimited.com does not knowingly collect or maintain information provided by children under the age of 13. back to top links to other websites and services for your convenience, our website may contain links to other websites. thelimited.com is not responsible for the privacy practices, advertising, products or the content of such websites. links that appear on thelimited.com should not necessarily be deemed to imply that thelimited.com endorses or has any affiliation with the linked websites. we encourage you to review the separate privacy policies of each site you visit. back to top updates to privacy policy as thelimited.com continues to offer visitors new and different types of content and services, thelimited.com may modify its information collection, use or disclosure practices. should there be a material change to our information collection, use or disclosure practices, it will be applied only to information collected on a going-forward basis, and we will update this privacy policy. back to top security statement thelimited.com has imposed confidentiality obligations on its service providers who will have access to the personal information collected on this site. in addition, we have implemented administrative, technical and physical measures to address the confidentiality of personal information collected on this website. while we implement the above security measures for this website, you should be aware that 100% security is not always possible. back to top questions or concerns if you have additional questions or would like more information on this topic, please feel free to contact us at: limited stores client relations p.o. box 182651 columbus, oh 43218-2651 privacypolicy@thelimited.com back to top this privacy policy is effective march 2014 about us store locator our company careers contact us site map in the press customer service order tracking shipping information returns & exchanges international shipping the limited credit card gift cards size chart st. jude partnership hot right now womens sweaters fashion jewelry womens suits work dresses trouser jeans work pants for women blouses scandal collection legal privacy ca privacy policy legal notices ad technology follow us email sign-up stay in the know on new arrivals, trends, events and more! sign up © 2014, limited stores, llc http://www.thelimited.com/sizes?cid=tops