来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20161227152618/http://www.thelimited.com/customer-service/shipping/international-shipping.html
================================================================================

international shipping policy | the limited skip to content skip to main nav skip to search go to cart go to login search go close your shopping bag is currently empty free shipping! use code holiday today! 70% off all eva longoria styles gifts under $19 70% off everything - use code holiday today! 70% off all eva longoria styles use code holiday. gifts under $19 online prices reflect discount. 70% off everything use code holiday. exclusions apply. close promo details view promo details free shipping! use code holiday find stores email sign-up my account close log in new account track orders / returns search wish lists submit shopping bag view bag new arrivals shop by category new this week sweaters & cardigans tops blouses & shirts tees & tanks dresses pants denim exact stretch pants leggings jackets & blazers outerwear skirts jewelry accessories panties fragrances lounge online exclusives shop by trend holiday reds party shop winter prints details & textures cold shoulder online shops the gift shop tunic & legging shop season's must-haves weekend shop lounge shop essential tops the work shop black & white shop online exclusives exclusive offers customer favorites as seen in can't miss deals early access top looks top looks ltd collaborations limited catalog ltd video clips customer style gallery apparel sweaters & cardigans tops blouses & shirts tees & tanks dresses pants denim exact stretch pants leggings jackets & blazers outerwear skirts suits lounge early access petites new arrivals sweaters & cardigans tops blouses & shirts tees & tanks dresses pants denim exact stretch pants leggings jackets & blazers outerwear skirts tall new arrivals sweaters & cardigans tops blouses & shirts tees & tanks dresses pants denim exact stretch pants jackets & blazers outerwear skirts eva longoria gifts accessories jewelry necklaces build your own charm necklace earrings bracelets brooches & pins accessories winterwear scarves legwear belts sunglasses & hats panties fragrances sale eva longoria sweaters blouses & shirts tops & tees dresses pants denim shorts jackets skirts lounge petites tall jewelry accessories final sale home >customer service >international shipping international shipping customer service your orderplace an orderorder trackingcoupons & promotionsgift cardsgift certificates & merchandise creditsprices & taxesvirtual dollarsmy accountyour accountthe limited credit cardsthe limited credit cardsapply nowpay your billrewards terms & conditionsshipping informationshipping rates & timeframesinternational shippingapo/fpo/dpo shippingdhl express estimated global transit timesdhl globalmail parcel direct estimated global transitreturns & exchangesreturns/exchangesreturn/exchange by mailreturn/exchange giftsprice adjustmentspre-authorizations & overchargessize & fitsize & fitgift cardsredemption instructionscontact uscontact usour companyour companywho we areour historycommunityabout the businesscareerscareersapply - field positionsapply - corporate positionsstore support teamfield positionssales associatesales leadershipgeneral managermulti unit leadersbenefitsfaqstop questions askedorder informationshopping onlinethe limited credit cardpaypalgift certificates & merchandise creditspromotions & mailingsteacher, student, military discount faqreturns & exchanges faqreserve in storebackroom at the limitedprivacy & securityprivacy policyca privacy policyterms of useterms of uselegal noticeslegal noticessocial media termsratings & reviewsratings & reviewsreview guidelinesterms & conditionspaypalpaypal navigation the limited accepts orders from and ships to the following countries: how to order payment methods customs, duties, tariffs, taxes and value added tax (vat) international shipping options international returns & exchanges promotions & policies the limited accepts orders from and ships to the following countries: americas antigua and barbuda argentina bahamas barbados brazil canada chile colombia costa rica dominica dominican republic ecuador el salvador guatemala honduras jamaica mexico panama trinidad and tobago uruguay venezuela europe austria belgium bulgaria croatia cyprus czech republic denmark estonia finland france germany greece hungary ireland italy latvia lithuania luxembourg malta netherlands norway poland portugal romania slovakia slovenia spain sweden switzerland united kingdom asia-pacific australia china hong kong india indonesia japan korea, republic of macau malaysia new zealand pakistan philippines singapore taiwan thailand turkey vietnam middle east bahrain israel jordan kuwait saudi arabia united arab emirates africa egypt south africa new — please note: if you reside in a country we do not ship to directly, you can still place an order using your paypal international account for payment with shipment to a u.s. address or an address in any country listed above. just choose the paypal option at checkout and ensure you have entered a valid shipping address for delivery. *more countries are being added on an ongoing basis, so please check this site regularly if your desired country is not shown above. select items are excluded from international shipping. international order totals cannot exceed $1,500 usd. u.s. territories thelimited.com does ship to puerto rico, guam, the u.s. virgin islands and american samoa. available ship methods are basic or preferred delivery for these territories. to ship to a u.s. territory, select the united states as the ship to country, then choose the appropriate u.s. territory in the state listing. please note: international orders cannot be shipped to a p.o. box. if a p.o. box is specified as the address on the checkout page, the order will be cancelled before it is shipped from the warehouse. the customer will not be charged for the cancelled order. how to order shop thelimited.com as you normally would by adding items to your bag and clicking on the checkout button. when you proceed to checkout, choose from the applicable billing and shipping countries. your order total, including all shipping fees and any applicable fees, duties and taxes applicable to your selected country will be shown at checkout in u.s. currency. payment methods all transactions are settled in u.s. dollars. we accept the limited card, visa, mastercard, american express and discover for international orders. orders are subject to verification and acceptance before shipping. your credit card will be billed at the time your order is shipped. all international orders are insured for the full value of the shipment. customs, duties, tariffs, taxes and value added tax (vat) you will receive a price quote in u.s. currency for shipping fees including any applicable fees, duties and taxes applicable to the country you selected at checkout. the price quote for any applicable fees, duties and taxes is based upon the laws and regulations of the country to which the order is shipping. the amounts are typically determined based on a combination of factors that may include: the merchandise's country of origin or manufacture the merchandise classification, using a system adopted by the countries that we ship to vat rates are set by the country to which the order is shipping you will be able to view the total amount of applicable fees, duties and tax/vat for your order during the checkout process. note: if you refuse delivery of the shipment, you are responsible for payment of all return shipping fees and any applicable fees, duties and taxes; in this case, all such return shipping fees and any applicable fees, duties and taxes will be billed to the method of payment you used. shipping fees are not refundable for undeliverable shipments or refused shipments. international shipping options for international orders, you will be presented with shipping options at checkout. select the shipping method that best meets your needs. for your convenience, the shipping fees provided include all applicable fees, duties and taxes so that there are no additional payments upon delivery. since shipping fees are calculated based on a number of factors (including, without limitation, the desired shipping method and speed, the contents of and number of items in your order, the weight of the items in your order and the location to which the order is shipping), shipping charges can only be provided once you begin the checkout process. unfortunately, we cannot offer free shipping to international destinations, even for the limited card holders. please note that shipping windows are estimates and delivery dates cannot be guaranteed. you will be given estimated delivery days at the time of checkout based on your selected destination country and the shipping methods available for the items in your shopping cart. international orders cannot be shipped using our shoprunner shipping service. we use the following methods to ship internationally: international shipping methods ship method details countries served transit times value limits dhl globalmail parcel direct (duty & tax pre-paid) delivery usually within 7-14 business days. could take up to 20 or more business days. you pay guaranteed landed cost at checkout; no additional fees are due upon delivery. package is traceable and your shipping confirmation will include tracking information. local carriers will do the final delivery. cost based on size, weight, etc. orders are insured for the full value of the shipment. for eu countries: by ordering goods from the limited destined to eu-member states specifically, services will be provided to you only after you explicitly agree to become importer of record (“ior”) and as such customs clearance shall be made in your name and on your behalf. as ior, you agree to be ultimately responsible for importing the products ordered by you into the destination eu-member state and are solely responsible for the payment of duties, and taxes either at the time of sale if prepayment is selected or at the time of importation if prepayment is not selected. you hereby give a proxy or power of attorney (“poa”) to the limited’s designated shipping provider for the customs clearance of products ordered by you. this poa authorizes the limited’s designated shipping provider’s assigned customs broker to act on behalf of you. the limited’s designated shipping provider’s intervention with respect to customs formalities may be done by a customs agent assigned by the limited’s designated shipping provider on your behalf. you hereby acknowledge to have understood the concept of ior and the need of the poa and further state that the terms of the poa or terms of the purchase from the limited and transportation conditions from the limited’s designated shipping provider are not unreasonable or unknown to you, that you have read them, understood them and further have agreed to them. canada, germany, uk, mexico, japan, austria, belgium, bulgaria, cyprus, czech republic, denmark, estonia, spain, finland, france, greece, croatia, hungary, ireland, italy, lithuania, luxembourg, latvia, malta, the netherlands, poland, portugal, romania, sweden, slovenia, slovakia for a listing of countries and estimated transit times using this shipping method, click here. $1,500 usd value limit for all orders. dhl globalmail parcel direct (duty & tax unpaid) delivery usually within 7-14 business days. could take up to 20 or more business days. if you choose this option, no taxes, duties or brokerage fees are paid at checkout; instead, these applicable fees are due and payable by you upon delivery in your country. subject to local clearance procedures. package is traceable and your shipping confirmation will include tracking information. local carriers will do the final delivery. cost based on size, weight, etc. orders are insured for the full value of the shipment. canada and australia for a listing of countries and estimated transit times using this shipping method, click here. $1,500 usd value limit for all orders. for australia, there is a value limit of 1000 aud. dhl express (duty & tax pre-paid) delivery usually within 3-5 business days (canada is usually within 1-3 business days). you pay guaranteed landed cost at checkout; no additional fees are due upon delivery. package is traceable and your shipping confirmation will include tracking information. local carriers will do the final delivery. cost based on size, weight, etc. orders are insured for the full value of the shipment. note: for the following countries, where taxes and duties are not applicable for certain value thresholds, dhl express offers duty & taxes unpaid: australia, new zealand, singapore, hong kong and macau. all countries represented on the limited’s international page. for a listing of countries and estimated transit times using this shipping method, click here. $1,500 usd value limit for all orders. important notes: orders are usually packed and ready to ship in 1 to 2 business days. shipments are subject to customs clearance procedures, which can cause delays beyond original delivery estimates. a business day is considered to be monday through friday, excluding certain holidays. duties and taxes are set by the destination country. the amount of applicable duties and taxes will vary by country and will be determined at checkout. international shipments will not ship until all item(s) ordered become available. at this time, gift packaging is unavailable for international shipments. international customers may ship to multiple addresses by placing a separate order for each shipping address. we cannot ship single international orders to multiple addresses at this time. if you would like to ship to an apo/fpo/dpo address, please see our apo/fpo/dpo page. international returns & exchanges we cannot offer merchandise exchanges on orders shipped internationally. orders shipped internationally cannot be returned to our stores. refer to our section on returns for our full return policy. send your item via traceable method to the following address: the limited customer support center 5389 east provident drive cincinnati, oh 45246 sorry, we cannot accept cod deliveries returns—customs, duties, taxes & vat unfortunately, we cannot refund your original domestic and international shipping charges. additionally, we cannot refund customs, duties, taxes, vat or tariffs. in special cases, if you are returning a purchase, you may be eligible for a refund of a portion or all of the duties and taxes from your local customs office. contact that office directly for details. promotions & policies international orders are not eligible for: free shipping free returns merchandise exchanges gifts with purchase certain promotional codes gift services gift card purchases limited premier card members are not eligible for free shipping on orders shipped outside of the united states. other promotional restrictions may apply. please email us or contact us at 1-877-ltd-1963 (1-877-583-1963) with any questions. merchandise exceptions the maximum order value for international shipment is $1,500usd. the limited gift cards and virtual gift cards cannot be sold internationally at this time. certain items on our online site may be unavailable for international shipping, including hazardous materials, furs and leathers, and jewelry. some beauty items may be considered hazardous materials due to their alcohol content and cannot be shipped internationally. international customers will be notified to remove restricted items during checkout. if, for some reason, there are any items that cannot be exported from the u.s. or imported to your destination country selection, you will be notified during the checkout process. customer service if you have questions, please email us or contact us at 1-877-ltd-1963 (1-877-583-1963). international users—privacy policy thelimited.com website is hosted in the united states and is intended for and directed to users in the united states. if you are accessing the website from canada, the european union, asia or any other region with laws or regulations governing personal data collection, use, and disclosure that differ from united states laws, please be advised that through your continued use of the website, which is governed by u.s. law, this privacy policy, and our conditions of use, you are transferring your personal information to the united states and you consent to that transfer. about us find stores backroom at the limited our company careers contact us site map ltd video clips in the press customer service customer service order tracking shipping information returns & exchanges international shipping the limited credit card gift cards size chart legal privacy terms of use ca privacy policy legal notices ad technology sign up for email newsletter join © 2016, limited stores, llc http://www.thelimited.com/sizes?cid=tops