来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20181230112225/https://www.thelimited.com/customer-service/privacy-policy/
================================================================================

privacy policy | the limited valentine's day sale | offer ends saturday $10off50 $20off100 $30off150 regular & sale purchase * *exculsions apply | view details free shipping on all orders gift cards clearance starting at $9.99 free shipping on all orders gift cards clearance starting at $9.99 0 my closet my account my account new! tops blouses & shirts camis & tank tops sweaters tees & knits tunics bottoms pants skirts dresses jackets & blazers plus tops bottoms dresses jackets sweaters petite tops bottoms dresses jackets sweaters shoes clothing bottoms jeans pants skirts dresses jackets & blazers tops blouses & shirts camis & tank tops sweaters tees & knits tunics petite bottoms dresses jackets & blazers sweaters tops blouses & shirts camis & tank tops sweaters tees & knits tunics plus bottoms dresses jackets & blazers tops blouses & shirts camis & tank tops sweaters tees & knits tunics shoes clearance my account my account free shipping on all orders gift cards clearance starting at $9.99 free shipping on all orders gift cards clearance starting at $9.99 my closet search search free shipping on all orders gift cards clearance starting at $9.99 free shipping on all orders gift cards clearance starting at $9.99 menu search search your browser's javascript functionality is turned off. please turn it on so that you can experience the full capabilities of this site. back to customer service home customer service privacy policy the limited privacy policy introduction the limited (“we”, “us” or “company”) is committed to respecting your personal privacy and recognizes that you may be concerned about the information you provide to us and how we treat that information. this “privacy policy” has been established to inform you of our practices for collecting, using, maintaining, protecting, and disclosing information that we obtain from you in connection with your use of the limited website (the “website”). by accessing this website, you signify your acceptance of this privacy statement. if you do not agree to this privacy statement, please do not access the website. this privacy statement is incorporated into, and part of, the terms and conditions, which govern your use of the website in general. one section of this privacy policy also addresses what happens with information we collect on the limited pages on social media sites, such as facebook, twitter, instagram, snapchat, pinterest and google+ (“social media pages”). this privacy policy applies only to the information collected online by thelimited.com and affiliates or through our social media pages. what type of information does thelimited.com collect online? what is personally identifiable information? personally identifiable information (“pii”) is information about an identifiable individual, which may include, name, address, email address, payment card information, birth date, employment history, and similar information. it does not include aggregated information that does not allow you to be identified. collection of pii thelimited.com may ask you to provide pii when you establish or update an account on this site, sign up to receive emails, texts, or other communications from the limited or other marketing materials, make a purchase, create or update your wish list, send items to a friend, view your order history, participate in contests and surveys or contact us. categories of pii collected online via the website may include name, billing and shipping address information, email address, telephone number, mobile number, payment card information, recipient’s name, address and email address, items purchased combined with your other pii résumé information and any other information you choose to provide us. information observed or collected through technology cookies we use ‘cookies’ to help us gather information from visitors to our website, as further described below. a cookie is a small data file that our server sends to your browser when you visit our website. the use of cookies helps us to assist your use of certain aspects of the website. some of the cookies we use to collect this information may be “flash” cookies or adobe® cookies, which are similar to traditional cookies, but reside in adobe flash player rather than your browser. you can delete cookies at any time, or you can set your browser to reject or disable cookies. if you do disable cookies, some functions on the website may not function correctly or optimally. we may use information from cookies for the following purposes: traffic monitoring, for example: the ip address from which you access a website, the type of browser and operating system used to access a website, the date and time of your access to a website, the pages you visit, the internet address of a website from which you accessed a website, and the recognition of repeat visitors for statistical/analytical purposes. anonymous tracking of interaction with online advertising, for example, to monitor the number of times that a banner ad is displayed and the number of times it is clicked. we may connect the information that we collect through cookies with pii that you provide to us for the following purposes: to customize or personalize your experience of a website, for example, so that we can greet you on the website by name. for transactional purposes, such as payment card purchases. to monitor your use of our website in order to make our communications to you as relevant as possible, for example, sending you email communications relevant to the parts of the website that you visit most often or by letting you know about features of the website that you have not accessed previously. compiling and reporting to third parties (such as advertisers) aggregate and anonymized statistics about our users in terms of numbers, traffic patterns and related website information. through the use of privacy settings on your browser it is possible (depending on the browser version) to block or delete cookies. some parts of the website may not operate correctly if you disable cookies, and you may not be able to take advantage of some of the website’s features. flash cookies will not be affected by any browser setting changes you make related to cookies. go to http://www.adobe.com/support/documentation/en/flashplayer/help/ and follow the instructions on that page to remove flash cookies or for more information. navigational information thelimited.com gathers navigational information about where visitors go on our website and information about the technical efficiencies of the website and services (i.e., time to connect to our website, time to download pages, etc.). in the process of gathering navigational information, non-pii (for example, domain type, browser version, and service provider) may be collected which will provide information regarding a visitor’s use of our website. pixel tags a pixel tag is a nearly invisible pixel-sized graphic image on a webpage or in an email message. pixel tags collect the same information about your visit that is collected through cookies, as noted above. pixel tags in emails allow us to collect information regarding your receipt of, and response to, our emails. what types of information does the limited collect through it’s social media pages? pii may be collected directly by the limited through social media pages and may also be collected by the social media site hosting the limited’s social media page. pii collected directly by the limited the collection of pii directly by the limited on its social media pages will include the type of information addressed under “collection of pii” above. examples of how personal information may be directly collected on the limited’s social media pages include providing information through an application or form which has a link to this privacy policy. we will use and share the information we collect on our social media pages in the manner specified below in “how does thelimited.com use the information collected online?” and in “what information does thelimited.com share with third parties?” pii collected by social media pages this privacy policy does not cover the privacy and security practices of the social media sites on which the limited has social media pages. please review privacy policies and terms of service on the social media sites if you have any questions about their privacy or security practices. while not pii, the social media sites where the limited has its social media pages may provide aggregate information and analysis to the limited about visitors' use of our social media pages. this allows us to better understand and analyze our user growth, general demographic information about the users of our social media pages, and interaction with content on our social media pages. overall, this information may be used to help us understand the types of visitors and users of our social media pages and use of the content. how does thelimited.com use the information collected online? use of information we may use information collected from you in the following ways: marketing communications. we may use your pii in order to communicate with you about our products, events, promotions and services and those of our subsidiaries, affiliates, and parent companies and any of their related businesses, including adding you to our and their email lists or to our and their customer phone and mail marketing lists when you register for an account or make a purchase. we may also send information about surveys to you, and tailor your experience with us to your interests by using the information you provide to determine those interests, to develop our products, services and website, and to respond to your inquiries. however, you will be able to choose whether or not to receive such communications by calling 1-844-737-7544. you will also have an opportunity to unsubscribe by email or by calling 1-844-737-7544 whenever we communicate with you via email. marketing analysis. we may use your information for marketing analysis, for example, to assess trends amongst our consumers or to measure the amount of traffic to the website. we may also share your non-personal information with others, such as advertisers, in aggregate and anonymized form, which means that the information will not contain any pii about you. we will only share pii with unaffiliated third parties for their own marketing analysis with your consent. transactional purposes. we may use your pii in order to respond to your queries and requests, deliver you products that you have ordered, contact you or the product recipient(s) in the event of order delay or difficulty, and to manage transactions such as card payments for any products that you order from us or any of our agents, or for the fulfillment of such transactions (for example, product delivery). the pii you provide may be used by a third party vendor to fulfill that order. to our affiliates. we may use your pii in order to communicate with current and future subsidiaries, affiliates, and parent companies and any of their related businesses for commercial and marketing purposes. if you have set up an account at this site you may save pii in that account, such as name and shipping information, and we will access this saved information to make your shopping quicker and easier. we require you to create and/or access your account to use various services on the website, such as your order history and wish list. because you must create or access your account prior to using these services, it is possible that we could associate you with the information you provide through these services. with respect to the limited emails and text messages, we use that information to provide you with exclusive information about special offers, media events, new products and much more. information collected through technology information gathered through technology is used by us to determine such things as which parts of our website are most visited or used, what products are browsed and/or purchased, the effectiveness of our websites and advertisements, and difficulties visitors may experience in accessing our websites. cookies and pixel tags (as addressed under “information observed or collected through technology” above) may be used to tell us whether thelimited.com has been previously visited by you or someone using your computer, what products or portions of the website you may have viewed or products added to your shopping bag. the information collected through technology may be associated with other information such as your ip address, name, purchases made, your contact information, and your actions in response to our communications with you. this is then used to enhance and personalize your online browsing and shopping experience, to market and promote our products, events, and services, and those of third parties, to you and to assist in the administration of your use of features and programs on our site, and to determine the display of content and advertising based on your interests on third party sites where you may visit. information collected by us on social media pages. the limited uses the information collected on its social media pages to send communications regarding our products, services, and promotions; to respond to your inquiries; to conduct surveys, sweepstakes or contests; to analyze your activity on our social media pages; and to develop and otherwise communicate about our products and services. use of technology to serve our advertising and your choices we may elect to use third-party advertising companies to serve tailored online display and banner advertisements and allow them to collect information by placing cookies and using pixel tags when you choose to visit and when you visit thelimited.com. these companies may use information about your choice to visit and your visits to our site and other websites to provide advertisements about the limited’s products and services, and those of third parties, on this and other websites. online advertisements may be customized to your interests and preferences, based on information learned about you as you use our websites and the web in general. these advertising companies may also provide information to us, which we would use to gauge the effectiveness of the advertisements they place about our products and services and for marketing purposes. to learn about opt out programs that these third-party advertising companies participate in and the effect of opting out, please visit http://www.networkadvertising.org/choices/ and http://www.aboutads.info/choices/. you can also click on the icon that may appear on some of our advertising served through these companies. what information does thelimited.com share with third parties? we may use third-party vendors to help us provide services to you, such as monitoring site activity; hosting the website; assisting us with our social media pages; providing promotional strategy; processing orders; running promotions, events and surveys; maintaining our database; providing store locator services; processing employment applications; administering and monitoring emails and text messages; or to market to you. we may make names, addresses and/or email addresses collected online available to other companies as provided herein. if you provide us your email address after march 12, 2010 (including updating your email information), provided you have not opted out of receiving marketing information from us, your pii may also be shared with other companies, so that those businesses may send you information about their products. when you send an email from thelimited.com to a friend, we will send your selected recipient your email address and message. we may include an opportunity for the recipient to sign up to receive promotional materials from thelimited.com. there is a possibility that the limited could merge with, acquire, or be acquired by another business entity, or be involved in a corporate reorganization or other change of control. if such an action occurs, some or all of the pii collected about you could be shared with this entity and may also be retained by the limited. you should be aware that we may disclose specific information about you if necessary to do so by law or based on our good faith belief that it is necessary to conform or comply with the law or is necessary to protect the users of our website, or the public. choice: opt out email if at any time you would like to stop future delivery of the limited marketing emails, please follow the removal instructions located at the end of each marketing message. please note, however, that opting out of these emails will not stop operational or transactional emails, such as order confirmation and shipping emails or customer service emails. name, mailing address and/or email address if you would prefer that we not share your name, mailing address and/or email address with other companies (other than third parties who provide services to thelimited.com), please call us at 1-844-737-7544 california do not track disclosures we may use tracking technologies to collect information about your online activities over time and across third-party websites or other online services (behavioral tracking). we will comply with web browser “do not track” signals that you may set in your web browser regarding the collection of pii about your online activities over time and across third-party web-sites or online services. some content or applications, including advertisements, on the website may be served by third- parties, including advertisers, ad networks and servers, content providers, and application providers, in which event (i) these third parties may use cookies alone or in pii or they may collect information, including pii, about your online activities over time and across different websites and other online services, and (ii) these third parties may use this information to provide you with interest-based (behavioral) advertising or other targeted content. we will not control these third parties’ tracking technologies or how they may be used. visitors from outside the u.s. thelimited.com website is directed only to u.s. customers from locations within the u.s.; your connection will be through and to servers located in the u.s., and all information you provide to thelimited.com will be maintained in web servers and/or internal systems located within the u.s. this website is not targeted at individuals outside the u.s. with respect to pii you provide to the limited on its social media pages, once received from the social media sites, it is maintained and processed by us on servers and internal systems located in the u.s. updating your pii we prefer to keep your pii accurate and up-to-date. to do this, we provide you with the opportunity to update or modify your thelimited.com account when you log in. children under 13 the website is only intended for individuals who are at least 13 years of age. we do not knowingly encourage or solicit visitors to our website who are under the age of 13 or knowingly collect pii from anyone under the age of 13 without parental consent. if we learn we have collected or received pii from an individual under the age of 13, we will delete that information. links the website may contain links or references to other websites outside of our control, including, for example, social networking sites such as facebook, instagram and linkedin. please be aware that we have no control over these sites and this privacy statement does not apply to these sites. we encourage you to read the privacy statements and terms and conditions of linked or referenced sites that you enter. updates to privacy policy as thelimited.com continues to offer visitors new and different types of content and services, thelimited.com may modify its information collection, use or disclosure practices. should there be a material change to our information collection, use or disclosure practices, it will be applied only to information collected on a going-forward basis, and we will update this privacy policy accordingly. security statement we take security seriously and we take precautions to keep your pii secure. we have put in place appropriate physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard the information we collect, including by way of imposing confidentiality obligations on service providers who will have access to the pii collected on this site. in addition, we have implemented administrative, technical and physical measures to address the confidentiality of pii collected on this website. however, due to the open communication nature of the internet, we cannot guarantee that communications between us and you, or information stored on our servers, will be free from unauthorized access by third parties. while we implement the above security measures for this website, you should be aware that 100% security is not always possible. questions or concerns if you have additional questions or would like more information on this topic, please feel free to contact us at: 1-844-737-7544 this privacy policy is effective june 6, 2017 copyright © 2017 the limited llc all rights reserved. any rights not expressly granted herein are reserved. customer service contact us faqs gift card terms of use policies & guidelines privacy policy returns & refunds shipping information size chart stay connected terms of use back to customer service need help? email us call us: 1-844-737-7544 monday - friday 8am - 10pm (et) sunday - saturday9am - 10pm (et) need help? email us call us: 1-844-737-7544 monday - friday 8am - 10pm (et) sunday - saturday9am - 10pm (et) the limited® my account my closet new! clothing petite plus shoes clearance customer service contact us gift cards track your order size chart shipping returns & refunds terms of use privacy policy accessibility guidelines ca privacy rights site map email sign up join facebook twitter pinterest instagram snapchat placeholder for legal messaging. the limited llc® 2018