来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20181230112225/https://www.thelimited.com/customer-service/terms-of-use/
================================================================================

terms of use | the limited valentine's day sale | offer ends saturday $10off50 $20off100 $30off150 regular & sale purchase * *exculsions apply | view details free shipping on all orders clearance from 9.99 clearance from 9.99 my closet coupons the limited logo – returns to home page my bag 0 items my closet my account my account new! tops blouses & shirts camis & tank tops sweaters tees & knits tunics bottoms pants skirts dresses jackets & blazers plus tops bottoms dresses jackets petite tops bottoms dresses jackets sweaters shoes clothing bottoms jeans pants skirts dresses jackets & blazers tops blouses & shirts camis & tank tops sweaters tees & knits tunics petite bottoms dresses jackets & blazers tops blouses & shirts camis & tank tops sweaters tees & knits tunics plus bottoms dresses jackets & blazers tops blouses & shirts camis & tank tops sweaters tees & knits tunics shoes clearance my account my account find my order free shipping on all orders clearance from 9.99 clearance from 9.99 my closet coupons search free shipping on all orders clearance from 9.99 clearance from 9.99 my closet coupons menu search your browser's javascript functionality is turned off. please turn it on so that you can experience the full capabilities of this site. back to customer service home customer service terms of use terms of use welcome to the limited. these terms of use govern your use of this site and the purchase of products from the limited and thelimited.com (hereafter referred to as the limited or thelimited.com) and the use of our services such as our call center. please read these terms and conditions carefully, as they contain important information about limitations of liability, resolution of disputes through arbitration and class action waivers. by accessing or using thelimited.com, purchasing the limited products, or using our services, you agree that the terms of use then in force shall apply, including without limitation the binding arbitration, waiver of jury trial and waiver of class action provisions more fully detailed in the disputes section below. your use of thelimited.com also constitutes your agreement to follow and be bound by the terms of the limited privacy policy. if you do not agree to the terms of use, please do not use thelimited.com, our services or purchase products through thelimited.com. either you or the limited may terminate this agreement at any time. you may terminate this agreement by immediately exiting thelimited.com and neither accessing it again nor making purchases through it. the limited may terminate this agreement by refusing you access to thelimited.com. the limited requests that you carefully read the terms of use provided below and the limited privacy policy before using thelimited.com or purchasing products through the site. the limited’s license to you to use thelimited.com the limited, inc., along with its subsidiaries ('the limited'), jointly grant you permission to view and use thelimited.com and to print individual pages from thelimited.com for your personal, non-commercial use contents of thelimited.com are intended solely for personal, non-commercial (other than purchases of products made through thelimited.com) use by visitors to thelimited.com. this is a license, not a transfer of title, and is subject to the following restrictions: you may not (a) modify the content of thelimited.com for any commercial purpose, (b) decompile, reverse engineer or disassemble software materials, (c) remove any copyright notice or other proprietary notices from the content of thelimited.com, (d) transfer the content of thelimited.com to another person or (e) allow anyone else to copy any portion of the content of thelimited.com. as a condition to your use of thelimited.com, you represent and warrant to the limited that you will not use thelimited.com or any of the content of thelimited.com for any immoral or unlawful purposes or any purposes prohibited by these terms of use. materials provided on thelimited.com are provided as a service to the limited’s customers to be used for informational purposes only. the limited makes no representations about the suitability of such materials for any purpose. changes to thelimited.com; terms of use and privacy policy the limited is consistently working to improve your online shopping experience on thelimited.com; consequently, the limited reserves the right to change, move or delete portions of, or add to, thelimited.com from time to time without notice to you. the limited also reserves the right to change these terms of use or the terms of the limited privacy policy without providing you with notice of such changes. your use of thelimited.com following any such changes constitutes your agreement to follow and to be bound by such terms as changed. for that reason, the limited recommends that you read these terms of use each time you visit thelimited.com. updates to these terms of use will be noted by the date marked at the beginning of this document. product information and ordering from thelimited.com prices may occasionally vary across the limited-affiliated channels (thelimited.com). it’s our goal to display the most accurate prices possible; however, if you notice an inconsistency, please consult thelimited.com the limited has made a conscientious effort to display its products on thelimited.com accurately so that you can get a good idea of the color, design, texture, sizes, look and configuration of the product featured. however, the detail and accuracy of the image of products that you see as a visitor to thelimited.com will depend on a number of things, including your computer equipment and internet connections. consequently, the limited cannot and does not guarantee that the product images available to you on its website are accurate in every detail. purchasing from thelimited.com most of the products featured on thelimited.com can be purchased by you through thelimited.com. when ordering, please follow the instructions carefully. if you ever have a question about any order you have made from thelimited.com, please contact the limited by email under “contact us” on our customer service page on thelimited.com or by phone at 1-844-737-7544. the limited will send you a confirmation email of any order you place on thelimited.com; however, your receipt of an electronic or other form of order confirmation does not necessarily signify the limited’s acceptance of your order, nor does it constitute confirmation of the limited’s offer to sell. the limited reserves the right at any time after receipt of your order to accept or decline your order for any reason. the limited reserves the right at any time after receipt of your order, without prior notice to you, to supply less than the quantity you ordered of any item. the limited may require additional verifications or information before accepting your order. the limited is a seller to end user customers and does not accept orders from exporters, wholesalers, or other customers who intend to resell the products offered by the limited. the limited will automatically charge and withhold the applicable sales tax for orders to be delivered to addresses within the following states: al, ar, co, ct, fl, ga, hi, il, ks, ky, la, ma, md, me, mi, mn, mo, ms, nc, nj, nm, nv, ny, oh, ok, pa, ri, sc, tn, tx, va, wa, wi, wy, and wv. each customer will be solely responsible for all sales taxes, use taxes or other taxes on orders shipped to any other state. south carolina residents who are age 85 or older are entitled to a 1% south carolina state sales tax reduction if requested on items purchased for personal use. upon customer request, the limited will accommodate the sales tax reduction after the completed thelimited.com transaction. please telephone 1-844-737-7544 to request the sales tax reduction. be prepared to reference your order number and provide proof of your age. the limited owns the contents of thelimited.com unless otherwise noted, “the limited proprietary material” includes all information, trademarks, trade dress, software, content, advertisements, and other materials on thelimited.com, except proprietary material contained in websites linked to thelimited.com. the limited proprietary material is the exclusive property of the limited, inc. the limited proprietary material includes, but is not limited to, the limited® trademark and all other trademarks and service marks owned by the limited, images, illustrations, designs, icons, photographs, video clips, and written information that appears on thelimited.com. the limited proprietary material is protected by applicable worldwide intellectual property rights and, except as provided by these terms of use, the limited grants no express or implied right to use any the limited proprietary material. disclaimer users of thelimited.com assume all responsibility and risk for the use of thelimited.com and the internet generally. all information and materials provided on thelimited.com are provided “as is,” without any express or implied warranty of any kind, including, without limitation, warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose and noninfringement of intellectual property. in no event will the limited be liable for any damages whatsoever (including, without limitation, any special, indirect or consequential damages or damages resulting from loss of use of data, or profits, or business interruption) arising out of the use of or inability to use the content of thelimited.com or any website linked thereto, even if the limited has been advised of the possibility of such damages. the limited does not warrant the accuracy or completeness of the information, text, graphics, links, and other items contained on thelimited.com. warranty information regarding any products offered for sale on thelimited.com are available through the vendor/manufacturer that made the product. please contact the vendor/manufacturer for any questions or concerns. thank you. indemnification by you by using thelimited.com, you agree to indemnify, defend and hold the limited harmless from and against any and all claims, damages and costs, including reasonable attorneys' fees and related expenses, arising from your use of thelimited.com or the material provided therein and any breach by you of these terms of use. indemnification by you by using thelimited.com, you agree to indemnify, defend and hold the limited harmless from and against any and all claims, damages and costs, including reasonable attorneys' fees and related expenses, arising from your use of thelimited.com or the material provided therein and any breach by you of these terms of use. dispute resolution and arbitration; class action waiver please read the following sections carefully. they affect your legal rights. the limited is committed to customer satisfaction, so if you have a problem or dispute, we will try to resolve your concerns. the limited’s customer service representatives are ready to assist you and address your concerns. please email customerservice@thelimited.com or call 1-844-737-7544. in the event that our customer service team is unable to resolve your concern, you may pursue disputes as detailed in the sections below. a. pre-arbitration claim resolution - for all disputes, you must first give the limited an opportunity to resolve the dispute by emailing or writing us at customer_resolution@thelimited.com or 2801 west tyvola road, charlotte, nc 28217, attn: general counsel. and providing the following information: (1) your name, (2) your address, (3) a written description of your claim, and (4) a description of the specific relief you seek. if we do not resolve the dispute within 45 days after receiving your notification, then you may pursue your dispute in arbitration. you may pursue your dispute in a court only under the circumstances described below. b. arbitration agreement, class action waiver, punitive damages waiver - any claim between you and the limited arising under these terms of use, if unresolved through informal pre- arbitration discussions, will be resolved by binding arbitration. to the extent allowed by applicable law, you agree that you will bring any claim within two (2) years from the date on which such claim or action arose or accrued or it will be irrevocably waived. this provision is applicable in all states to the extent allowed by applicable law. you and the limited further agree that any dispute, whether at law or equity, arising out of or relating in any way to these terms of use, your use of or access to the thelimited.com (other than unauthorized use), or to any products or services sold or distributed by the limited, whether in-store, over the phone, or online, including, but not limited to, the advertising of, or sales practices and pricing relating to, products, services, delivery, and any communication, by whatever means, between you and the limited, shall be resolved in its entirety by individual (not classwide or collective) binding arbitration. disputes and claims that are within the scope of a small claims court’s authority and claims related to intellectual property, patents, copyrights, moral rights, trademarks and claims of piracy or unauthorized use of thelimited.com or our services are exempt from this dispute resolution provision, so long as they are brought on an individual basis and not by way of a class or collective action. you and the limited agree that any arbitration under this agreement will take place on an individual basis and that class, mass, consolidated or combined actions or arbitrations or proceedings as a private attorney general are not permitted. you and the limited agree to waive the right to trial by jury. you understand and agree that by accepting these terms of use, you and the limited are each waiving the right to a jury trial or a trial before a judge in a public court. in the absence of this provision, you and the limited might otherwise have had a right or opportunity to bring disputes in a court, before a judge or jury, and/or to participate or be represented in a case filed in court by others (including class actions). other rights that you would have if you went to court (e.g., the rights to both appeal and certain types of discovery) may be limited or may be waived. this agreement to arbitrate extends to claims that you assert against other parties, including, without limit, claims against the limited’s affiliates and related entities. the agreement evidences a transaction in interstate commerce and the federal arbitration act governs the interpretation and enforcement of this agreement to arbitrate. this agreement to arbitrate shall survive termination of these terms of use and the termination of your account with the limited or your discontinued use of the thelimited.com. notwithstanding anything to the contrary, if any part of this agreement to arbitrate is deemed invalid or inapplicable, the remainder of the agreement to arbitrate shall still be considered valid and enforceable. if any part of this agreement to arbitrate is deemed invalid or inapplicable, you and the limited both waive, to the fullest extent allowed by law, any claims to recover punitive or exemplary damages and any right to pursue any claims on a class, mass, consolidated, or combined basis. c. arbitration procedures - if any dispute between you and the limited is not resolved as provided above (pre-arbitration claim resolution) either you or the limited may initiate arbitration proceedings. the arbitration will be administered by the american arbitration association (“aaa”) under its rules, including the aaa’s supplementary procedures for consumer-related disputes. to begin an arbitration proceeding, you must send a demand to the aaa describing your claim and serve a copy of the demand on the limited’s registered agent for service of process, the corporation trust company, corporation trust center, 1209 orange street, wilmington, de 19801. the aaa’s rules and the form for filing an arbitration claim are available at http://www.adr.org or by calling 1-800-778-7879. payment of all filing, administration and arbitrator fees will be governed by the aaa’s rules. if you are unable to pay a filing fee, you will be relieved of the obligation to pay the filing fee, and any disputes in this regard will be decided by the arbitrator. judgment on the award rendered by the arbitrator, if any, may be entered in any court having jurisdiction thereof. the arbitrator will be mutually agreed to by you and the limited. miscellaneous provisions thelimited.com is controlled and operated by the limited from its offices in charlotte, north carolina. the federal arbitration act and applicable law (or, in the absence of applicable federal law, then the state of north carolina), without regard to any conflict of law provisions, will govern these terms of use and any disputes or claims between you and the limited. in any circumstances where the agreement to arbitrate permits the parties to litigate a dispute in court, any such dispute shall be resolved exclusively by, and you hereby agree to the exclusive jurisdiction of, the state and federal courts in the state of north carolina. order cancellations when placing an order on thelimited.com, once you click “submit,” we are unable to cancel your order at that time. however, once you have received your order, if you are in any way dissatisfied, you can choose one of our two easy and convenient ways to make a return. please see our return policy to find out which way is best for you. rebate information any product rebate offer given to you with your purchase is provided by the manufacturer, not the limited. the manufacturer is responsible for any terms and conditions and effective dates of the rebate offer. please note: it is standard to provide a proof of purchase and the universal product code from the original packaging and postage before you will receive redemption of any rebate offer provided by the manufacturer. pricing at the limited, it’s our goal to make sure our pricing is accurate at all times. however, in the event there is a pricing or product description error, the limited reserves the right to correct any of these inaccuracies. to find out more on thelimited.com’s pricing policy, please see our pricing policy. user content by sharing photos on facebook, twitter, instagram and pinterest with the hashtag #thelimitedyes, by responding to the limited photo rights request with the hashtag #thelimitedyes, you are agreeing to the following: as between you and us, you own all content and information you post or share using the site (referred to as “user content”), such as posting or sharing comments, photos, and videos. site includes facebook, twitter, instagram, pinterest and other social media channels. you grant permission to the limited for a perpetual license to reproduce, display, perform, distribute, and otherwise use your user content in connection with the site and for other the limited marketing purposes, including but not limited to thelimited.com, catalogs, email, and other customer communications, store materials, social media, and other marketing. the limited may display advertisements in connection with your user content or on pages where your user content may be viewed by you or others, and we may use your user content to advertise and promote the limited. our license to your user content is non-exclusive, meaning you may use the user content for your own purposes or let others use your user content for their purposes. our license to your user content is fully-paid and royalty free, meaning we do not owe you anything else in connection with our use of your user content. we may exercise our rights anywhere in the world. finally, our license is perpetual, meaning that our license lasts for an indefinite period of time. you promise that: you own all rights to your user content or, alternatively, that you have the right to give the limited the rights described above; you have paid and will pay in full any fees or other payments that may be related to the use of your user content; and your user content does not infringe the intellectual property rights, privacy rights, publicity rights, or other legal rights of any third party. the limited may refuse to accept or transmit user content for any reason, as well as remove user content from the site for any reason. the limited owns information, suggestions, ideas, etc. that you submit any comments, suggestions, ideas or other submissions that you provide to the limited by using thelimited.com or which are otherwise provided to the limited in connection with your use of thelimited.com will become the limited’s property. the act of providing any such comments, suggestions, ideas, feedback, or materials constitutes an assignment to the limited of all worldwide right, title and interest, including copyright and other intellectual property rights, in the material and information you provide to the limited. the limited will be under no obligation to use any idea, submission or suggestion provided by you in any way or to respond to any such idea, submission or suggestion. no information, material, or comment provided to the limited by you through thelimited.com may contain vulgar, obscene, threatening, or otherwise unlawful language or material. the limited social networking community policy with the best interests of the social networking community in mind, please note the limited’s "rules of the road" for civil and successful networking on its community programs, such as, but without limitation, blogs, chats, forums, wikis, profiles, tweets, and other social networking forums. you must be at least 13 to participate and agree to be governed by our privacy and security policy and the terms of use outlined above. use good judgement. you are personally responsible for what you put out there, and some things you may be tempted to post may violate laws or even cause you to be sued by others. the limited is not responsible or liable for what you or anyone else posts on our sites and programs. be polite and respectful. do no harm. do not curse, threaten, name call, belittle, ridicule, embarrass, humiliate, harass, insult, or make rude or joking comments or slurs about a person's gender, race, religion, disability, age, national origin, sexual orientation, military status or any other negative comments about their protected class. respectfully disagree. do not pick fights or use our site to carry out a personal agenda not related to the fashion or retail world. this is not the appropriate place for debate of controversial political or social issues. no solicitation. do not use these sites to solicit funds, advertise your services or goods for sale, promote business for a third party, or any other commercial purpose. no objectionable material. no nude, semi-nude or sexually oriented words, pictures, jokes, cartoons or videos of yourself or others. no material that targets any protected classes, such as jokes about a person's gender, race, religion, disability age, national origin, sexual orientation, military status. no material that could harm the site or the computers of others. no spam, chain letters, video's, youtube clips, or chain jokes, and no material that may have imbedded a virus, worm, corrupted files, trojan horses, malware, spyware or any other device aimed at damaging computers, collecting data, etc. give credit where credit is due. do not attach or imbed any text, logo, video, songs, pictures, drawings, etc. or any other material as if it is your own which may be protected by a copyright, trade secret, or any other rights of ownership not belonging to you unless you have written, signed and dated permission by the owner, and you acknowledge the true owner in your post. be confidential regarding yourself, and others. never post a social security number, a credit card number, birthday, telephone number, first or last name, address, email address, password, or any other information someone could use for identity theft. these sites and programs are public, not private. what you decide to post will be open to public view and considered non-confidential and non-proprietary. you and you alone are responsible for what you say, for the protection of your private information and for safeguarding your thoughts, ideas and creations. if you do not want the world to see it, or others including the limited to use it without restriction and without compensation to you, then don't post it with us. offensive, out-dated or irrelevant material. while it would be impossible to monitor every post and respond to every comment, the limited reserves the right and discretion to remove any offensive, out-dated or irrelevant material posted to its sites at any time, for any reason, without notice, and to suspend or ban a user who violates these guidelines. obey the laws. in the event of suspected unlawful conduct using the limited social media sites or programs, the limited will report the conduct to the appropriate authorities and cooperate in their investigation or prosecution of criminal wrong-doing. reposting. do not repost messages that have been removed from the site. customer service contact us coupons & promotions faqs gift card terms of use policies & guidelines privacy policy returns & refunds shipping information size chart stay connected terms of use back to customer service need help? email us call us: 1-844-737-7544 sunday - saturday 9am - 9pm (et) need help? email us call us: 1-844-737-7544 sunday - saturday 9am - 9pm (et) the limited® my account my closet new! clothing petite plus shoes clearance coupons customer service contact us track your order size chart shipping returns & refunds terms of use privacy policy accessibility guidelines ca privacy rights site map email sign up join facebook twitter pinterest instagram snapchat placeholder for legal messaging. the limited llc® 2019