来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20121223151309/http://esalerugs.com/customer-service/testimonials
================================================================================

testimonials america's #1 rug store 1-866-647-3965 803-802-3965(8:30am - 9:00pm est) click to read our triple guarantee! - help & faq- my account- wishlist shopping cart home persian rugs oriental rugs rugs on sale modern rugs popular rugs all rugs esalerugs testimonials and reviews "100% satisfaction guaranteed; that's the esale promise" we have received our lovely rug. thank you so much for your excellent service, high quality product and swift delivery. we looked high and low for a suitable rug and nothing compared to your products or prices. we will recommend you to all of our friends. helen l. - sacramento, ca i received my rug today and i just want to congratulate your company for delivering a fantastic service. i am absolutely thrilled with my rug, it is beautiful and the quality is fantastic, ordering online can be risky as obviously you cannot see or feel the item you are buying but this purchase has outweighed all of my expectations. i hope to use your service again, once again thank you. clare s. - north andover, ma our rug arrived yesterday and we are very pleased with the rug and the promptness of the delivery! it looks exactly like it did on the internet and looks great in our living area. it is hard to believe that it is 30 to 35 years old because it looks brand new and wonder how it could look this perfect! i bet some of our friends will be interested to know where we got it. thanks very much. carol l. - little rock, ar you all are the best! once the remodel, from hell, is completed, i will need more area rugs, for the bedrooms, and you will definitely be getting my business. and, i will continue to sing your praises with my family and friends. you, and your company, is what everything right should look like, when it comes to doing business. thank you again! joan p. - cleveland, oh just to say we love the rug that arrived today. it is beautiful and thanks so much for your fantastic and professional service. be assured i will be telling all our family and friends about your business and how reliable you are. you have excelled yourselves. alan p. - newcastle, uk thank you very much for your time and excellent customer service. it is the primary reason i continue to purchase from you. i appreciate it! penelope r. - truro, ma the rug has arrived safely and is fantastic condition - looks fantastic in our dining room. service has been fast and efficient and your description of the item was very accurate. the selection of photos of the rug from various angles really helped us choose one with the best colors, size and condition for our requirements. i would definitely recommend to anyone looking for quality rugs at very competitive prices, thanks again. jackie & bob l. - baltimore, md may we take this opportunity to thank you for all your help over this matter. we bought a rug from you last year and were so pleased with the quality which is why we came back again. we will continue to deal with you and also recommend you to our friends. kind regards, john & maggie h. - alta loma, ca i just wanted to say that i am so happy i found your site. i was hesitant at first because i have always been told "never buy a rug online." i decided to take a chance and i am so glad i did. the rug i purchased on march 26 is gorgeous! i admire it everytime i come home. the pictures online were very accurate and i received my rug the very next day! thank you for taking the fear out of online rug shopping. i look forward to buying more from you in the future. best regards, rashonda j. - suwanee, ga just received my rug. it is gorgeous!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! absolutely love it. wanted to thank you for the excellent customer service. if i need another rug, i will definitely purchase from you. thank you again. i guess i have come to expect poor customer service. you are the best i have dealt with in years and will recommend you to others. thank you again, debra w. - carol springs, fl i love love love my new rug. it is perfect. the one that was free also fit in my laundry room. the timing was fast. i had a big birthday party. it got here the day before. just the time you said .thank you so much. i will be shopping with you always. kathy m. - san leandro, ca hello esalerugs, want to tell you that i received the order below today with the complementary rug and both are beautiful. thank you very much for your service and i will definitely recommend you to others. aimee g. - alexandria, va a quick note of thanks for your great service on a recent rug purchase. it is refreshing to deal with a company that performs so flawlessly. i will gladly purchase from you again and tell others of my satisfaction. your pricing was excellent, we love the quality of the rug and had it shipped to us within 2 days of ordering. a very satisfied customer. with regards. william d. - raleigh, nc i have been meaning to write to you to tell you how completely delighted i am with the beautiful rug i ordered. the colours are exactly as they are on the website and so are perfect for my home decor; and the quality, size and value for money are remarkable. i'm so pleased i found your company and i hope to order another very soon. i have been recommending you. very best wishes, roberta s. - new york, ny dear esalerugs, have received our rug which is absolutely gorgeous. i had to email to say i am very impressed with your company. fantastic choice of rugs, brilliant price, great quality and delivered (free of charge!) in a really short time. i will most definitely be using your company again and recommending to others. thank you from a very satisfied customer. regards, mary b. - alness, uk hello, i received my rug today and i want to thank you for making it possible for me to own such a beautiful rug. even in these tough times. you made me so happy. may many more good things come your way. thank you again for being so kind to me. silvia r. - tewksbury, ma hi there, i cannot tell you how much we love the rug we ordered; the colors are just what i hoped they would be, bright and warm. i had never ordered anything that large online before and i was amazed at the quick response, we received the rug on fri, it took two days just as you said it would. my family is extremely interested in checking out your web site and i for one will certainly use you again should i need another rug. thank you so much for living up to your advertisement; it is a rare thing these days, unfortunately. catherine p. - san bernardino, ca this rug has just arrived in record time - ordered thursday evening, arrived tuesday morning. it is absolutely ideal, fits the space, colour and quality are excellent. would thoroughly recommend your company and service. delighted with the free rug as well. feel free to use as a testimonial. jerry s. - chicago, il hi! just to "sign off" on the rug - it has only recently been put into position in the hall due to decorating works over running the schedule (typical!). it looks fantastic - family and friends have called by over recent days and all have commented on the look and quality of the product. i told them where i got it from and complimented you guys on the great level of service so some good and well deserved free advertising for you! i will be back for a couple more rugs from you in the future - i won't hesitate to use your firm again based on my first experience which has been first class. thanks for your kind assistance - i've enjoyed our correspondence also! kindest regards, marie m. - aurora, co thanks again! i have recommended you & your company to a number of people, so perhaps you'll be getting even more business from this area sooncathi - syracuse, ny thank you. all is well and the new, round rug looks great. i will shop at your site anytime i need rugs and am happy to recommend you to others!rosa l. - washington, dc the rugs have arrived and we cannot be more pleased with them. they are exactly what we wanted, the quality is superb and the service has been exceptional, what else can we say? we will be passing your details to family and friends.mr & mrs hunt - perugia, italy rugs arrived about 20 minutes ago. very pleased with them and your excellent service - thank you so much. kind regards.sheila m. - chicago, il thank you for offering these rugs at a price that we can afford. already they are bringing joy to our lives. thank you again!tom & claudia h - (brownsville, tx) i received the rugs i ordered and am very pleased with their quality and with the service i received. i would certainly recommend esalerugs.com to anyone who needs to order rugs.steven w. (new york, ny) i already have given your website to friends. i am impressed with the quality of the carpet and the colors are very similar to how they looked on line. our carpet was delivered yesterday and we are very pleased with it. thank you.connie k. - toronto, on as feedback on our recent transaction, we received the carpet early friday, set it in place, and admired it. it closely resembles the web photos. we are very pleased with your responsiveness and with the carpet. thanks,g. mccallum - new york, ny thank you. i'm sorry the rug didn't work out, but esalerugs was such a pleasure to do business with i will absolutely be ordering from you again! sincerelymichele s - norwalk, ct omg!! i got my rug today and couldn't be happier! i ordered it last thursday and got it today. it is beautiful; so thick and lush. i will definitely tell all my friends and family about your company. thank you.althea d. - fort pierce, fl i just wanted to say thanks for the beautiful rug. it arrived really quickly and we really love it. we hope to return to your website to buy more rugs in the future. you offer great products & service. best wishes,sophie b. - hamilton, on hi ,the rug arrived today....it is fantastic and we are really pleased with it. i will def recommend doing business with you to others and will look to order yet another rug very soon. kind regardssuzanne b. - los angeles, ca many thanks, the rug has now arrived and is taking pride of place in our lounge .its condition is remarkable, and i am extremely pleased with the purchase. many thanks once again.frank & christine p. - las vegas nv we are open! order online 24/7 telephone and email customer service available 8:30am - 9:00pm est 7 days a week phone: 1-866-647-3965 email: info@esalerugs.com pages customer service center contact information coupon codes faq order status return policy testimonials testimonials | faq | contact us | privay policy | return policy | my account 104 williamson street | fort mill, south carolina 29715 | u.s.a.customer service reference #: copyright 2007 - 2013 esalerugs.com free rug giveaway × triple guarantee 1) best price guarantee if you find any of our rugs elsewhere at a lower price, we will not only match that price, but we will take an additional 25% off. 2) 100% satisfaction guarantee we will do whatever it takes not only to meet, but exceed your expectations. 3) lifetime replacement guarantee if your rug begins to unravel, fray, lose its color, or show signs of manufacturing flaw, we will gladly replace your rug free of charge. close