来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20161222220158/https://www.baseballrampage.com/terms-conditions.asp
================================================================================

baseball rampage - terms and conditions free standard shipping over $99*  |  30 day no sweat guarantee 800-758-8778 my account shipping rewards customer service cart your shopping cart 0 items in your cart subtotal $0.00 add $99.00 to receieve free standard shipping. view cart & checkout bats gloves catcher's gear batting gloves bags batting helmets shoes apparel accessories training aids shop by brand more baseball bats 2016 baseball bats 2015 baseball bats adult baseball bats senior league (2 3/4" barrel) senior league (2 5/8" barrel) youth & t-ball bats fungo bats wood bats ash bats bamboo bats composite wood bats hickory baseball bats maple bats youth wood bats accessories clearance shop all baseball bats baseball gloves 11 - 11 3/4" gloves 12 - 12 3/4" gloves first base mitts catcher's mitts left-handed gloves training gloves youth baseball gloves custom color gloves i/h web gloves closed back gloves open back gloves closed web gloves modified trap web gloves trap style web gloves accessories clearance shop all baseball gloves catcher's gear catcher's sets headgear shinguards chest protectors custom color catcher's gear accessories knee savers throat guards clearance shop all catcher's gear batting gloves adult batting gloves youth batting gloves clearance shop all batting gloves equipment bags bat packs player bags wheeled bags catcher's bags team bags clearance shop all equipment bags batting helmets adult batting helmets youth batting helmets helmet masks clearance shop all batting helmets baseball shoes training shoes molded cleats metal cleats youth cleats clearance shop all baseball shoes baseball apparel shirts and tops shirts long sleeve shirts performance shirts jackets and outerwear shorts and pants belts performance shorts pants sliding shorts and pants footwear socks training shoes molded cleats metal cleats youth cleats accessories clearance sunglasses compression apparel uniforms shop all baseball apparel baseball accessories sunglasses wristbands bat accessories glove accessories protective accessories sports medicine shop all baseball accessories training aids batting aids batting tees screens and nets radar guns training gloves training bats pitching machines machine balls pitching machine accessories shop all training aids shop by brand active wrap adidas akadema all-star anderson bat company athletic specialties baden badger sports bamboo bat combat demarini diamond easton evoshield franklin gargoyles insignia jugs louisville slugger majestic athletic marucci max bats meduro miken mizuno new balance nike no errors nokona oakley old hickory phiten phoneix bats pocket radar pro kold rawlings rbi pro swing reebok rip-it sam bats shock doctor sklz under armour vedero wilson worth wsi sports zepp more baseball equipment baseballs game balls practice balls ball buckets training balls clearance footwear bats apparel gloves equipment bags catcher's gear batting helmets batting gloves umpire's gear chest protectors masks leg guards bags clothing shoes accessories protective equipment wrist guards thumb guards chest and heart guards jock straps and cups batters protection throat guards coach's corner youth store new products gift certificates custom colors close close shop by brand bats gloves catcher's gear batting gloves baseball bags batting helmets shoes apparel accessories training aids baseballs clearance umpire's gear protective equipment gift certificates shop by brand easton mizuno all-star louisville slugger rawlings under armour diamond demarini wilson worth new balance marucci rip-it nokona evoshield sklz combat adidas miken zepp bats 2016 baseball bats 2015 baseball bats adult baseball bats senior league (2 3/4" barrel) senior league (2 5/8" barrel) youth & t-ball bats fungo bats wood bats accessories clearance shop all bats wood bats ash bats bamboo bats composite wood bats hickory baseball bats maple bats youth wood bats shop all wood bats gloves 11 - 11 3/4" gloves 12 - 12 3/4" gloves first base mitts catcher's mitts left-handed gloves training gloves youth baseball gloves custom color gloves i/h web gloves closed back gloves open back gloves closed web gloves modified trap web gloves trap style web gloves accessories clearance shop all gloves catcher's gear catcher's sets headgear shinguards chest protectors custom colors accessories clearance shop all catcher's gear catcher's gear accessories knee savers throat guards batting gloves adult batting gloves youth batting gloves clearance shop all batting gloves equipment bags bat packs player bags wheeled bags catcher's bags team bags clearance shop all equipment bags batting helmets adult batting helmets youth batting helmets helmet masks clearance shop all batting helmets shoes training shoes molded cleats metal cleats youth cleats clearance shop all shoes apparel shirts and tops shorts and pants footwear accessories clearance sunglasses compression apparel uniforms shop all apparel shirts and tops shirts long sleeve shirts performance shirts jackets and outerwear bottoms belts performance shorts pants sliding shorts and pants footwear socks training shoes molded cleats metal cleats youth cleats accessories sunglasses wristbands bat accessories glove accessories protective accessories sports medicine shop all accessories training aids batting aids batting tees screens and nets pitching machines radar guns training gloves training bats shop all training aids pitching machines machine balls pitching machine accessories shop all pitching machines baseballs game balls practice balls ball buckets training balls shop all balls clearance bats gloves catcher's gear batting gloves equipment bags batting helmets footwear apparel shop all clearance umpire's gear chest protectors masks leg guards bags clothing shoes accessories shop all umpire's gear protective equipment wrist guards thumb guards chest and heart guards jock straps and cups batters protection throat guards shop all protective equipment 800-758-8778 [email protected] sign in to your account don't have an account? register email or password is incorrect. email address please enter your email password please enter your password forgot password? sign in just added to your cart 1 items added to your cart subtotal $150.00 continue shopping view cart & checkout customers also bought exclusive offers be the first to know about special offers, discount opportunities, events and popular new items before they become avaliable on our site. you'll also get access to subscriber only shipping and sales promotions. view our privacy policy email address email address is required please enter a valid email address verify email address verify email address is required entered email addresses don't match first name first name is required last name last name is required i am interested in (check all that apply) thank you for registering you can be sure we'll never share your email address with anyone outside baseball rampage. should you ever want to leave our exclusive offers list, you can easily unsubscribe from any email your recieve or by logging into your account and change your preferences. close terms & conditions this document explains our position and specific conditions regarding your use of our internet or "web" sites (collectively, "website", "websites", "site" or "sites"). by using this site, you agree to be bound by our conditions of use, legal notices and privacy policy, in addition to other terms and conditions that may appear throughout our sites, including by not limited to third party payment payment methods. references to "baseball rampage" or "baseballrampage.com" in this document mean pcpd, llc, its affiliates, subsidiaries, divisions and operational designees. baseball rampage reserves the right to make changes to this site and its notices and policies at any time. each time you use this site, you should visit and review the then current terms and conditions that apply to your transactions and use of this website. if you do not agree to be bound by the current terms and conditions, your sole remedy is not to use this site. baseball rampage is not responsible for typographical, pricing or photographic errors on this site. disclaimer of warranties you expressly agree that your use of this website is at your sole risk. this website is provided on an "as is" and "as available" basis. baseball rampage and its officers, directors and employees, as well as its third party agents, contractors, distributors, merchants or sponsors (collectively, "third parties"), can not and do not warrant that your use of this site will be uninterrupted or error free. neither baseball rampage nor its third parties have any responsibility for your action or inaction in connection with this website or for any damage to your computer or data or any other damage you may incur in connection with your use of this website. neither baseball rampage nor its third parties warrant the accuracy, integrity or completeness of the content provided on this site or the products or services offered for sale on this site. baseball rampage and its third parties specifically disclaim all warranties, whether express or implied, including warranties of title, merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, title and non-infringement. no oral or written information or advice given by baseball rampage or its third parties shall create a warranty, except where the exclusion or limitation of certain warranties is prohibited by law. limitation of liability under no circumstances shall baseball rampage or its third parties be liable for any direct, indirect, incidental, special or consequential damages that result from your use of inability to use this website, including your reliance on any information obtained from this site that results in mistakes, omissions, interruptions, deletion or corruption of files, viruses, delays in operating or transmissions or any failure of performance. the foregoing limitation of liability shall apply in any action, whether in contract, tort or any other claim, even if an authorized representative of baseball rampage has been advised of or should have knowledge of the possibility of such damages. by your use of this website, you acknowledge that this paragraph shall apply to all content, merchandise and services available through this site, except where the exclusion or limitation of incidental or consequential damages is prohibited by law. some jurisdictions do not allow the exclusion of certain warranties or limitation of damages for incidental or consequential damages, so the foregoing limitations may not apply. in any event, under no circumstances will baseball rampage be liable to you for any amount exceeding one thousand u.s. dollars ($1,000.00). intended for users over 13 years of age the safety of children is very important to us. although this site is intended for use by persons at least 13 years of age, baseball rampage cannot prohibit minors from visiting our websites and must rely on parents and guardians (at least 18 years of age at the time of use) to decide which materials are appropriate for children under 13. baseball rampage will not knowingly collect personal information from children. please see our privacy policy for more information. product display and colors this website attempts to display product images as accurately as possible. however, we cannot guarantee that the color you see matches the product color nor that the pictures match exactly that of what the product looks like. please note that the display of color may depend, in part, upon the monitor you are using. errors on website prices and availability of products and services are subject to change without notice. errors will be corrected where discovered and baseball rampage reserves the right to revoke any stated offer and to correct any errors, inaccuracies or omissions, including after an order has been submitted, whether or not the order has been confirmed and/or your credit/debit card has been charged. if your credit/debit card has already been charged for the purchase and your order is canceled, baseball rampage will issue a credit to your credit/debit card account in the amount of the charge. individual bank policies will control when this amount is credited to your account. (if you are not fully satisfied with your purchase, you may return it in accordance with baseball rampage's return policy. pricing online prices, offers and selection may vary between our retail stores and websites, and are subject to change. we reserve the right to limit sales, including the right to refuse sales, to resellers. sales tax because baseball rampage is located in ohio and collect and remits sales tax as required by ohio law, this website also collects and remits sales tax as appropriate to orders shipping to and purchased in ohio. paying for your order you may pay for your order with a debit card or major credit card, baseball rampage rewards, gift certificates, or by using paypal®, paypal credit®, google checkout®, amazon payments®, check/money order and purchase orders when available. we accept visa®, mastercard®, american express® and discover® card credit carts and debit cards with a mastercard® or visa® logo. generally, credit/debit cards are not charged by baseball rampage until we either ship the order to you or confirm availability (at which time you will be charged only for the goods we have actually shipped along with any appropriate taxes or shipping charges). however, we may pre-authorize your order amount with your credit/debit card issuer at the time you place the order, which may have an effect on your available credit. for orders containing items that are drop-shipped from another manufacturer, we will charged at the time of sending the order to the drop-ship supplier. when you pay by check, you authorize baseball rampage or its check processing designee(s) to use information on your check to make a one-time electronic debit from your account at the financial institution indicated on your check. this electronic debit will be for the amount of your check; no additional amount will be added to his amount. if we cannot collect your electronic payment, we will issue a draft against your account. if you do not have sufficient funds in your account, your order will not be processed. please contact our customer service department to learn about other payment options if you prefer not to have your check used this way. orders paid for using paypal® and amazon payments® will be debited at the time orders are placed. when using these payment methods, payment processing and how your credit/debit card or checking account is charged is at the sole discretion of paypay® or amazon payments®. entry of a credit/debit card in conjunction with a baseball rampage gift certificate also enables us to properly credit your order in the event you return merchandise at a later time that was initially paid for using a gift certificate. we are unable to credit gift certificates for returned merchandise but can issue a new certificate in its place. see our return policy for more details about returns. promotions and coupons if using a promotional/coupon code, it must be entered during checkout in the designated "promo code" field to redeem the respective offer. coupons may not be combined with other coupons or promotional offers, are limited to one per transaction and may not be redeemed for cash, credit or refund. some coupons cannot be used in conjunction with baseball rampage rewards. see other restrictions in the terms of each offer. baseball rampage reserves the right to restrict use of coupons on certain products, weight and destination fees, and expedited shipping charges. online coupons are not valid in retail locations unless otherwise stated in the offer terms. validating your order after you place an order using our website, we will check the information you gave us for validity, by verifying your method of payment and/or shipping address. we reserve the right to reject any order you place with us and/or limit quantities on any order, without giving a reason. we sometimes send order information securely to a third party fraud prevention company. if your order is rejected by this third party group, we will contact you to attempt to revalidate the information given with the order. if we reject your order, we will attempt to notify you using the e-mail address or telephone number you have provided with the order. generally, your credit/debit card will not be charged if we reject an order; however, we will process a refund if a charge has been made against your card. order acceptance/confirmation your receipt of an electronic or other form of order confirmation from us does not signify our acceptance of your order, nor does it constitute confirmation of our offer to sell. baseball rampage reserves the right at any time after receipt of your order to accept or decline your order for any reason. return policy all sales made through this website are subject to baseball rampage's return policy. order limitations/limited quantities baseball rampage may, at its sole discretion, limit or cancel quantities purchased per person, per household or per order. restrictions may include orders placed by the same website account, the same credit/debit card and orders that use the same billing and/or shipping address. in the event we make a change to your order, we will attempt to notify you by the email and/or phone number provided with your order. baseball rampage reserves the right to limit or prohibit sales to resellers. all orders placed on this website are subject to product availability and will be shipped according to our site shipping terms. in the rare event that your order never arrives, we must receive notification of lost items via email and/or phone (as provided in our shipping terms) within 30 days of receipt of the shipping confirmation email. indemnity you agree to indemnify and hold baseball rampage and its officers, agents, employees and other partners and third parties harmless from any loss, liability, claim or demand, including reasonable attorney's fees, made by any other third party due to or arising out of your use of this website, including your use of this website to provide a link to another site or to upload content or other information to this site. disputes this site is operated by baseball rampage, with offices in the united states of america. if there is any dispute regarding this website, by using this site, you agree that the dispute will be governed by the laws of the state of ohio without regard to its conflict of law provisions. you agree to personal jurisdiction and venue in the state and federal courts of the state of ohio, franklin county. california proposition 65 attention california residents: certain products sold on this website contain a chemical known to the state of california to cause cancer, birth defects and other reproductive harm. for additional information please reference the california office of environmental health hazard assessment (oehha) website at: http://oehha.ca.gov/prop65.html termination of site use baseball rampage, in its sole discretion, may terminate your website account, account registration or similar uses of this site at any time. you are personally liable for any order that you place or charges that you incur prior to your termination. baseball rampage reserves the right to change, suspend or discontinue all or any aspects of this site at any time, without prior notice. upon termination, you will have no account or similar site membership rights to the site. our proprietary rights, disclaimer of warranties, indemnities, limitations of liability and miscellaneous provisions shall survive any such termination. baseball rampage may provide notice of termination by regular mail or email. changes to terms and conditions because our website and retail stores will continue to implement new technologies and improve the products and services we provide, our terms and conditions are subject to change. we reserve the right to change or update our terms and conditions and to modify or terminate the website for any reason, without notice and without liability to you or any other participating third party. as a website user, you are responsible for regularly reviewing our terms and condictions in order to remain informed of our practices and your obligations as you visit and use our website. our current terms and conditions constitute the entire agreement between you and baseball rampage as you use our website and supersede all prior understandings or agreements, written or oral, in this regard. mailing address baseball rampage columbus, ohio 43228 2199 dividend dr united states last updated on: 7/1/2015 enter your email address to receive exclusive offers about us company info rewards program team sales retail store articles customer service contact us shipping information returns faqs privacy policy extras account login order tracking baseball equipment reviews baseball affiliate program sitemap © 2016 baseball rampage, a division of pcpd, llc.   |   2199 dividend dr - columbus, ohio - 43228 - united states   |   800-758-8778   |   privacy policy   |   terms & conditions receive exclusive offers about us customer service retail store team sales rewards program returns faqs sitemap © 2016 baseball rampage, a division of pcpd, llc. privacy policy   |   terms & conditions top