来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20181213150223/https://www.baseballrampage.com/returns.asp
================================================================================

baseball rampage returns policy free standard shipping over $99*  |  30 day no sweat guarantee my account shipping returns customer service cart your shopping cart 0 items in your cart subtotal $0.00 add $99.00 to receieve free standard shipping. view cart & checkout bats gloves catcher's gear batting gloves bags batting helmets shoes apparel accessories training aids shop by brand more baseball bats 2019 baseball bats 2018 baseball bats adult baseball bats usssa baseball bats usa baseball bats senior league (2 3/4" barrel) senior league (2 5/8" barrel) youth & t-ball bats fungo bats wood bats ash bats bamboo bats composite wood bats maple bats youth wood bats custom wood bats accessories clearance shop all baseball bats baseball gloves 11 - 11 3/4" gloves 12 - 12 3/4" gloves first base mitts catcher's mitts left-handed gloves training gloves i/h web gloves closed web gloves modified trap web gloves trap style web gloves youth baseball gloves custom color gloves accessories clearance rawlings custom glove builder shop all baseball gloves catcher's gear catcher's sets headgear shinguards chest protectors custom color catcher's gear accessories knee savers throat guards clearance shop all catcher's gear batting gloves adult batting gloves youth batting gloves clearance shop all batting gloves equipment bags bat packs player bags wheeled bags catcher's bags team bags clearance shop all equipment bags batting helmets adult batting helmets youth batting helmets helmet masks clearance rawlings batting helmet builder shop all batting helmets baseball shoes training shoes molded cleats metal cleats youth cleats clearance shop all baseball shoes baseball apparel shirts and tops shirts long sleeve shirts performance shirts jackets and outerwear shorts and pants belts performance shorts pants sliding shorts and pants footwear socks training shoes molded cleats metal cleats youth cleats accessories clearance sunglasses compression apparel uniforms shop all baseball apparel baseball accessories sunglasses wristbands bat accessories glove accessories baseball hats protective accessories sports medicine shop all baseball accessories training aids batting aids batting tees screens and nets radar guns training gloves training bats shop all training aids shop by brand active wrap adidas akadema all-star athletic specialties badger sports combat demarini diamond easton evoshield insignia jugs louisville slugger majestic athletic marucci meduro mizuno new balance nike nokona oakley old hickory phiten phoneix bats pocket radar rawlings rbi pro swing rip-it sam bats shock doctor sklz under armour wilson worth wsi sports more baseball equipment baseballs game balls practice balls ball buckets training balls clearance footwear bats apparel gloves equipment bags catcher's gear batting helmets batting gloves umpire's gear chest protectors masks leg guards bags clothing shoes accessories protective equipment wrist guards thumb guards chest and heart guards jock straps and cups batters protection throat guards coach's corner youth store new products gift certificates custom colors close close shop by brand bats gloves catcher's gear batting gloves baseball bags batting helmets shoes apparel accessories training aids baseballs clearance umpire's gear protective equipment gift certificates shop by brand easton mizuno all-star louisville slugger rawlings under armour diamond demarini wilson worth new balance marucci rip-it nokona evoshield sklz adidas zepp bats 2019 baseball bats 2018 baseball bats adult baseball bats usssa baseball bats usa baseball bats senior league (2 3/4" barrel) senior league (2 5/8" barrel) youth & t-ball bats fungo bats wood bats accessories clearance shop all bats wood bats ash bats bamboo bats composite wood bats hickory baseball bats maple bats youth wood bats shop all wood bats gloves 11 - 11 3/4" gloves 12 - 12 3/4" gloves first base mitts catcher's mitts left-handed gloves training gloves youth baseball gloves custom color gloves i/h web gloves closed web gloves modified trap web gloves trap style web gloves accessories clearance shop all gloves catcher's gear catcher's sets headgear shinguards chest protectors custom colors accessories clearance shop all catcher's gear catcher's gear accessories knee savers throat guards batting gloves adult batting gloves youth batting gloves clearance shop all batting gloves equipment bags bat packs player bags wheeled bags catcher's bags team bags clearance shop all equipment bags batting helmets adult batting helmets youth batting helmets helmet masks clearance shop all batting helmets shoes training shoes molded cleats metal cleats youth cleats clearance shop all shoes apparel shirts and tops shorts and pants footwear accessories clearance sunglasses compression apparel uniforms shop all apparel shirts and tops shirts long sleeve shirts performance shirts jackets and outerwear bottoms belts performance shorts pants sliding shorts and pants footwear socks training shoes molded cleats metal cleats youth cleats accessories baseball hats sunglasses wristbands bat accessories glove accessories protective accessories sports medicine shop all accessories training aids batting aids batting tees screens and nets radar guns training gloves training bats shop all training aids baseballs game balls practice balls ball buckets training balls shop all balls clearance bats gloves catcher's gear batting gloves equipment bags batting helmets footwear apparel shop all clearance umpire's gear chest protectors masks leg guards bags clothing shoes accessories shop all umpire's gear protective equipment wrist guards thumb guards chest and heart guards jock straps and cups batters protection throat guards shop all protective equipment [email protected] sign in to your account don't have an account? register email or password is incorrect. email address please enter your email password please enter your password forgot password? sign in just added to your cart 1 items added to your cart subtotal $0.00 continue shopping view cart & checkout customers also bought exclusive offers be the first to know about special offers, discount opportunities, events and popular new items before they become avaliable on our site. you'll also get access to subscriber only shipping and sales promotions. view our privacy policy email address email address is required please enter a valid email address did you mean ? verify email address verify email address is required entered email addresses don't match first name first name is required last name last name is required i am interested in (check all that apply) thank you for registering you can be sure we'll never share your email address with anyone outside baseball rampage. should you ever want to leave our exclusive offers list, you can easily unsubscribe from any email you receive by clicking the "unsubscribe" link at the bottom of the email. close returns policy we hope that you will be happy with your purchase from baseball rampage. we make every effort to provide you with high-quality products and outstanding customer service. 30-day no sweat gurantee we are so confident in our products and customer service that we provide you with our 30-day no sweat guarantee. if you are not 100% satisfied with your purchase you can log into your account and click the "returns" tab at the top. you will then be able to see all "return eligible orders". click "start return" on the order you wish to return and follow the instructions to submit your return request. once your return has been approved, simply return the item(s) within 30 days of the ship date, in its original, re-saleable condition, including all tags, packaging and accessories and you will receive a prompt exchange or refund. if you have questions or need help setting up a return, simply email [email protected]. what happens if you use an item and it breaks because it is defective? defective items, excluding bats, are covered under our 30-day no sweat guarantee. if you use any non-bat item, and it breaks under normal use within 30 days of the ship date, we'll replace it free of charge. just follow the simple return procedure detailed below and we'll take care of the rest! this guarantee allows you to rest easy knowing that you won't get the run-around, and that you'll get your replacement gear fast. once the item is received, we will promptly evaluate the defect and ship you a replacement item. we will exchange defective items only for the exact same item and options. if the item has been discontinued, we will exchage for a comparable item at our discretion. defective items are often also covered by a manufacturer warranty, and these warranties vary by product and manufacturer. outside of our 30-day no sweat guarantee, we ask that you deal directly with the manufacturer to handle warranty issues*. most product warranties are around 1 year in coverage. we try to provide as much warranty information as there is available, but we recommend contacting the manufacturer if you are unsure about the warranty that comes with your product. manufacturer warranty contact list aluminum bats are often covered by the manufacturer's warranty. if your aluminum bat is defective, the manufacturer requires that it be returned directly to them. please call the manufacturer toll free for current details. for non-defective aluminum bats, simply return it to us within 30 days, unused and in the original "shrink-wrapped" or "sleeve" packaging. once this packaging is removed we are no longer able to accept returns. this allows you to receive your bat and try it out by swinging it. if it is the wrong size we will gladly exchange it for another. *this excludes purchases from all-star, easton, mizuno, & worth. these manufacturers require that all warranty claims be made through baseball rampage. we will help you set up the return, ship the item back to the manufacturer, and once approved, we will ship you a replacement product. the customer is responsible for shipping charges to return the item, as well as shipping the replacement item. this is the policy of the select manufacturers as per their warranty policy and cannot be modified by baseball rampage. return & warranty procedures 30-day no sweat guarantee procedure (returns in re-saleable condition) log into your account and click the "returns" tab at the top. you will then be able to see all "return eligible orders". click "start return" on the order you wish to return and following the instructions to submit your return request. you can also email [email protected] to have us help setup a return if you prefer. label the outside of the package clearly with your return authorization number. ship the package using your preferred shipping method. we can provide a shipping label for your convenience. once received, we will refund the amount of the purchase, minus $7.95 for the return shipping label. once the item is received, we will promptly credit you minus shipping charges. 30-day no sweat guarantee defective product procedure (excluding bats) log into your account and click the "returns" tab at the top. you will then be able to see all "return eligible orders". click "start return" on the order you wish to return and following the instructions to submit your return request. you can also email [email protected] to have us setup a return if you prefer. label the outside of the package clearly with your return authorization number. ship the package using your preferred shipping method. we can provide a shipping label for your convenience. once received, we will refund the amount of the purchase, minus $7.95 for the return shipping label. once the item is received, we will promptly evaluate the defect and ship you a replacement item. aluminum, composite, and wood bat warranty claims contact the product manufacturer using this list of contact information: manufacturer warranty contact list several composite and bamboo wood baseball bats are covered under a manufacturer warranty. please contact the manufacturer to file a warranty claim. most maple and ash wood bats are not covered by a manufacturer warranty. wood baseball bats are not covered under our 30 day "no sweat" guarantee. defective product procedure for easton, mizuno, & worth products (outside 30-day no sweat guarantee) log into your account and click the "returns" tab at the top. you will then be able to see all "return eligible orders". click "start return" on the order you wish to return and following the instructions to submit your return request. you can also email [email protected] to have us setup a return if you prefer. label the outside of the package clearly with your return authorization number. ship the package using your preferred shipping method. we can provide a shipping label for your convenience. once received, we will refund the amount of the purchase, minus $7.95 for the return shipping label. once the item is received, we will promptly return the item to the manufacturer, and wait for their authorization. once authorized, we will ship a replacement item, and you will be charged the appropriate shipping charge based on the item's class (review our shipping policy) defective product procedure for all other manufacturers (outside 30-day no sweat guarantee) contact the product manufacturer using this list of contact information: manufacturer warranty contact list purchases made by credit card will be credited to the card used for that transaction. items that are drop-shipped, special ordered, in team/bulk quantities or are any return accepted outside of 30 days will be subject to a restocking charge of up to 25%. we'll refund shipping charges on incorrectly shipped merchandise. please insure any returned merchandise and ship via a trackable carrier, as we cannot be held responsible for lost packages. you must contact us for a return authorization # before shipping. we are unable to accept returns without this number clearly marked on the outside of your package. any items returned without a return authorization number will be returned to the sender. enter your email address to receive exclusive offers about us company info team pricing retail store articles customer service contact us shipping information returns faqs privacy policy extras account login order tracking baseball equipment reviews baseball affiliate program sitemap © 2019 baseball rampage, a division of pcpd, llc.   |   2199 dividend dr - columbus, ohio - 43228 - united states   |   privacy policy   |   terms & conditions receive exclusive offers about us customer service retail store team pricing returns faqs sitemap © 2019 baseball rampage, a division of pcpd, llc. privacy policy   |   terms & conditions top