来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20161230140741/https://www.ae.com/content/help/terms-of-use?navdetail=footer:c5:p2
================================================================================

american eagle outfitters men's & women's clothing, shoes & accessories home women women home featured new arrivals online only now trending #aeostyle gallery aeo soft & sexy v-day shop new! tailgate collection brands we love #weallcan clearance tops view all shirts t-shirts sweaters hoodies & sweatshirts jackets & outerwear tank tops bodysuits bralettes bottoms view all jeans pants joggers & sweatpants leggings & yoga skirts shorts dresses & rompers swimwear shoes socks accessories fragrance & beauty aeo apt don't ask why tailgate gift cards aerie view all bras bralettes undies swimwear sleepwear tops bottoms more aerie... deals jeans bogo 50% off socks bogo 50% off $20 & under bralettes $35 one pieces 25% off bikinis all clearance 60% off men men home featured new arrivals online only ae active now trending v-day shop #aeostyle gallery aeo flex tops new! tailgate collection brands we love #weallcan clearance tops view all shirts t-shirts polos sweaters hoodies & sweatshirts jackets & outerwear bottoms view all jeans pants joggers & sweatpants shorts underwear shoes socks accessories cologne & grooming tailgate gift cards deals jeans bogo 50% off socks bogo 50% off underwear 2 for $24, 3 for $33, 5 for $50 clearance: 60% off jeans jeans home women's jeans view all jegging skinny vintage hi-rise straight tomgirl boot flare favorite boyfriend hi-rise crop men's jeans view all skinny slim slim straight straight boot loose aerie aerie home featured new arrivals online only now trending v-day = u-day chill. play. move. guide sunnie collection brands we're crushing on style inspo #aeriereal aerie supports bras view all bralettes unlined bras lightly lined bras pushup bras strapless & multi-way bras sports bras bra accessories undies view all thongs string thongs cheekies string bikinis bikinis boybriefs hi-rise boybriefs boyshorts 4 for $27.50 sunnie undies 7 for $27.50 everyday loves undies swimwear view all one pieces bikini tops bikini bottoms coverups accessories bikini mix & match tops bottoms sleepwear bodysuits dresses & rompers socks accessories home fragrance & beauty clearance gift cards deals $20 & under bralettes $20 happy unlined bras $35 one pieces 25% off bikinis $25 & under tops $30 & under bottoms bogo 50% off shop $3.99 clearance undies clearance: 40-60% off tailgate tailgate home shop by school view all alabama crimson tide arizona state sun devils arkansas razorbacks auburn tigers clemson tigers florida gators florida state seminoles georgia bulldogs iowa hawkeyes iowa state cyclones kansas jayhawks louisville cardinals lsu tigers michigan wolverines michigan state spartans missouri tigers nebraska cornhuskers notre dame fighting irish nyu violets ohio state buckeyes oklahoma sooners oklahoma state cowboys penn state nittany lions south carolina gamecocks tennessee volunteers texas tech red raiders ucla bruins unc tar heels virginia cavaliers washington huskies wisconsin badgers west virginia mountaineers women's view all sweatshirts hoodies sweatpants t-shirts tanks accessories tailgate collections shop by school clearance: $19.99 & up men's view all sweatshirts hoodies sweatpants track jackets long sleeve t-shirts t-shirts accessories tailgate collections shop by school clearance: $19.99 & up clearance clearance home women's clearance view all tops jeans bottoms dresses shoes accessories fragrance tailgate don't ask why aerie $3.99 undies men's clearance view all tops jeans bottoms underwear shoes accessories cologne tailgate aerie clearance view all bras swimwear bodysuits tops bottoms dresses & rompers sleepwear accessories beauty $3.99 undies k ti per te store locator track order my aeo my account order history aerewards my favorites aeo credit card aeo credit card & bill pay create account $usd back to top ×detailsfree shipping with a $50 purchasebeginning january 3, 2017, at 6:00 am est for a limited time only receive automatic free shipping valid for orders of $50 usd or more shipping to u.s. & canadian addresses. offer not valid on international orders. this offer is good for u.s. standard shipping within 3 to 7 business days pending credit approval and authorization. orders to canadian addresses will be shipped via canada post within 6 to 10 business days to urban areas and 15 to 22 business days to rural areas. this free shipping offer can be combined with other discount offers. no discount code is required at ae.com or aerie.com. not applicable toward previously purchased merchandise. all deliveries are pending credit approval, merchandise availability, delivery and weather conditions. shipping outside of us not available on merchandise from these brands: aeo apt, american crafts, artisan de luxe, audiology, baggu, ban.do, bass, bc, beauty for real, bed stu, big mouth inc, birkenstock, bravado, btw, cat footwear, clarks, classy chargers, compagnie de provence, creative recreation, chronicle books, colab, color factory, crownjwlz, define, dioy, dr. martens, dr. scholl, durango, dolce vita, eastland, fjallraven, emoji, eos, formation brands, found my animal, fred & friends, fringe, glory/goorin, gola, hachette, half united, hang ten, heidi swapp, henschel, hunter, imm, just mustard, living, keds, keep it simple, kelsi dagger, kikkerland, knock knock, knot & bow, k.swiss, laqa, laline, lack of color, liberty, life line, lulu dk, luxy lemon, make up eraser, marquee market, matisse, meri meri, minnetonka, moorish, mountain ocean, muses & rebels, new balance, npw, nudestix, octopus books, paddywax, palladium, pendleton, pf flyers, pinch, pony, quadrille, quay, reebok, rosanna, royal apothic, scarlett kitty, seychelles, slant, sprigs, street level, sun bum, sunnylife, swedish hasbeens, talking tables, tangle teezer, tattly, teva, thorogood, timberland, tonymoly, topo, tretorn, triple c, volley, wallpops, whish, wild + wolf, wolverine, woolrich, word, and workman.© 2017 aeo management co. all rights reserved.free shipping on orders over $50 details feedback store locator track order my aeo sign in order history aeo rewards account settings aeo credit card & bill pay don't have an account? no problem... create account $usd items checkout women women featured new arrivals online only now trending #aeostyle gallery aeo soft & sexy v-day shop new! tailgate collection brands we love #weallcan clearance tops shirts t-shirts sweaters hoodies & sweatshirts jackets & outerwear tank tops bodysuits bralettes bottoms jeans pants joggers & sweatpants leggings & yoga skirts shorts dresses & rompers swimwear shoes socks accessories fragrance & beauty aeo apt don't ask why tailgate gift cards aerie bras bralettes undies swimwear sleepwear tops bottoms more aerie... deals jeans bogo 50% off socks bogo 50% off $20 & under bralettes $35 one pieces 25% off bikinis all clearance 60% off men men featured new arrivals online only ae active now trending v-day shop #aeostyle gallery aeo flex tops new! tailgate collection brands we love #weallcan clearance tops shirts t-shirts polos sweaters hoodies & sweatshirts jackets & outerwear bottoms jeans pants joggers & sweatpants shorts underwear shoes socks accessories cologne & grooming tailgate gift cards deals jeans bogo 50% off socks bogo 50% off underwear 2 for $24, 3 for $33, 5 for $50 clearance: 60% off jeans jeans women's jeans jegging skinny vintage hi-rise straight tomgirl boot flare favorite boyfriend hi-rise crop men's jeans skinny slim slim straight straight boot loose aerie aerie featured new arrivals online only now trending v-day = u-day chill. play. move. guide sunnie collection brands we're crushing on style inspo #aeriereal aerie supports bras bralettes unlined bras lightly lined bras pushup bras strapless & multi-way bras sports bras bra accessories undies thongs string thongs cheekies string bikinis bikinis boybriefs hi-rise boybriefs boyshorts 4 for $27.50 sunnie undies 7 for $27.50 everyday loves undies swimwear one pieces bikini tops bikini bottoms coverups accessories bikini mix & match tops bottoms sleepwear bodysuits dresses & rompers socks accessories home fragrance & beauty clearance gift cards deals $20 & under bralettes $20 happy unlined bras $35 one pieces 25% off bikinis $25 & under tops $30 & under bottoms bogo 50% off shop $3.99 clearance undies clearance: 40-60% off tailgate tailgate shop by school alabama crimson tide arizona state sun devils arkansas razorbacks auburn tigers clemson tigers florida gators florida state seminoles georgia bulldogs iowa hawkeyes iowa state cyclones kansas jayhawks louisville cardinals lsu tigers michigan wolverines michigan state spartans missouri tigers nebraska cornhuskers notre dame fighting irish nyu violets ohio state buckeyes oklahoma sooners oklahoma state cowboys penn state nittany lions south carolina gamecocks tennessee volunteers texas tech red raiders ucla bruins unc tar heels virginia cavaliers washington huskies wisconsin badgers west virginia mountaineers women's sweatshirts hoodies sweatpants t-shirts tanks accessories tailgate collections shop by school clearance: $19.99 & up men's sweatshirts hoodies sweatpants track jackets long sleeve t-shirts t-shirts accessories tailgate collections shop by school clearance: $19.99 & up clearance clearance women's clearance tops jeans bottoms dresses shoes accessories fragrance tailgate don't ask why aerie $3.99 undies men's clearance tops jeans bottoms underwear shoes accessories cologne tailgate ×details© 2017 aeo management co. all rights reserved.prices as marked. aerie clearance bras swimwear bodysuits tops bottoms dresses & rompers sleepwear accessories beauty $3.99 undies k ti per te ×details© 2017 aeo management co. all rights reserved.prices as marked. items checkout ×detailstake 30% off when you use an aeo or aerie credit card. use code: cred2017*subject to credit approval. beginning january 19, 2017 at 6:00am est through january 31, 2017 at 3:00am pdt, take a one-time 30% off your first purchase when you open and use your new aeo® credit card, aeo visa® card, aerie® credit card or aerie visa card. 30% off offer is in lieu of the standard 15% off account opening offer. use your aeo visa card, aeo credit card, aerie credit card or aerie visa card at the us aeo or aerie store register or use the discount code cred2017 at the ae.com® or aerie.com shopping bag. offer valid in us aeo and aerie stores or at ae.com or aerie.com. discount will be applied during checkout when you use your aeo credit card, aeo visa card, aerie credit card or aerie visa card. this 30% off offer cannot be combined with any other discount offers. discount is not redeemable for cash, nor is it valid toward any previously purchased merchandise. all prices and/or promotions at ae.com and aerie.com are reflected in usd. offer's value will not be refunded on merchandise return. discount applies to merchandise cost only, not tax and shipping & handling costs. valid on aeo & aerie branded merchandise. offer excludes canada aeo, canada aerie, and gift cards. excludes 3rd party merchandise. discount promotion and associated terms and conditions subject to change at aeo's sole discretion. aeo® visa card and aerie® visa card are issued by synchrony bank pursuant to a license from visa usa inc.© 2017 aeo management co. all rights reserved.open a new aeo credit card & take 30% off the first time you use it!  apply now | details terms of usewant to chat? we're here for you! 1-888-232-4535call us email us live chateffective date: october 1 2008welcome to american eagle outfitter's website ("site"). this website is offered as a service to our customers. american eagle outfitters, its subsidiaries, and its affiliates (collectively "aeo") appreciate your interest in our company and your visit to this site. the following terms of use ("tou") set forth the basic rules that govern your use of this site.1. introduction.please read these terms and conditions of use carefully before using this site. they govern your use of the site. if you do not agree to the terms stated below, you may not use the site. your use of this site constitutes your knowledge, understanding, and acceptance of the tou, and your agreement to be bound by the tou. aeo may change, edit, modify, delete, revise, or update the tou from time to time without notice, and your use of this site after any changes, edits, modifications, deletions, revisions, or updates are posted to the site constitutes your agreement to comply with the posted tou.2. trademarks.the trademarks, trade names, trade dress, logos, and service marks (collectively, the "trademarks") displayed on this site are the registered and/or unregistered trademarks of aeo, or such third party that may own the displayed trademarks. nothing contained on this site or in the tou serves to grant to you, by implication or otherwise, any license or right to use any trademarks displayed on this site without the written permission of aeo or such third party that may own the displayed trademarks.3. site contents and copyright.the text, trademarks, logos, images, graphics, photos, video files, application functionality, or any other digital media, and their arrangement on this site ("content") are all subject to patent, copyright, trademark and other intellectual property protection. content may not be copied for commercial use or distribution, nor may content be modified, processed, or reposted to other websites. access to and use of this site are solely for your purchase of aeo products for personal use, information, education, entertainment, and communication with aeo. you may download, copy or print the content of this site for your personal non-commercial use only. no right, title or interest in any of the content of this site is transferred to you as a result of any downloading, copying, printing or use of this site.4. user comments and other submissions.while aeo desires to receive feedback from its customers, please do not send aeo any unsolicited creative or original concepts, ideas, materials or products, confidential or proprietary information, or the like ("submission(s)"). aeo is under no obligation to use or compensate you for your submissions. aeo will not respond to you regarding your submissions, and your submissions will not be returned to you and will not be treated as confidential information.5. license to use submissions.this site (which includes all affiliated sites, mobile apps, and social media pages) may provide you with the opportunity to submit, post, or display content, such as photos, images, text, materials, information, data, opinions, messages, notes, graphics, designs, or any other content (“ugc”). you can do this either by uploading ugc directly to the site or by posting ugc to your social media accounts. by submitting ugc to this site or posting ugc to your social media accounts, you represent that: (i) you own or have unencumbered, transferable rights and permissions, including, without limitation, the right of publicity, to the ugc that you submit; (ii) you have permission from all persons appearing in your ugc to grant the rights granted herein; (iii) the use of the your ugc as described herein will not violate any law or the rights of any third party; and (iv) that you are above the age of 18. if your ugc shows a child that is under the age of majority in their state of residence, you represent that you have written permission from the child's parent or guardian to provide the photo or video image for commercial use. submitting ugc to this site or posting ugc to your social media accounts means that you automatically grant aeo, and its third-party service providers (collectively, the “licensed parties”) a perpetual, worldwide, unlimited, irrevocable, transferable, assignable, royalty-free, fully-paid license for the licensed parties to use that ugc and your image, likeness, username, real name, caption, location or other identifying information in connection with your ugc, for any lawful purpose, including but not limited to any commercial advertising, in any manner or media now or later developed, including, without limitation, the right to display, reproduce, modify, translate, create derivative works, distribute, assign, commercialize, and sub-license that ugc to third parties for their lawful uses and purposes. subject to existing laws, you waive any moral rights that you or your licensors may have in any ugc.6. no endorsement or liability for user-generated or third-party content.although third-party or user-generated submissions may be posted on this site, the posting of those submissions does not constitute aeo's endorsement of those submissions. aeo is not responsible or liable for any claim, including, without limitation, loss or injury to real, tangible, or intellectual property, violations of personal privacy or privacy rights, actual, consequential or punitive damages, personal injury, or wrongful death in connection with third-party or user-generated submissions.7. third-party links.third-party links on this site may direct you to third-party websites that are not affiliated with aeo that may be located in different countries, and those websites and the products sold on those websites are likely to be subject to the originating country's regulatory or product safety requirements. aeo is not liable for any harm or damages related to the purchase or use of goods, services, resources, content, or any other transactions ("third-party products") made in connection with any third-party websites. please review carefully the third party's policies and practices and make sure you understand them before you engage in any transaction. complaints, claims, concerns, or questions regarding third-party products should be directed to the third party.8. copyrights and digital millennium copyright agents.pursuant to our rights under the digital millennium copyright act ("dmca"), 17 u.s.c. § 512, we have designated a copyright agent to receive copyright infringement notices for claims of infringement related to materials found on this site. our copyright agent is aeo's chief counsel. the agent can be reached at (412) 432-3300, copyrightalert@ae.com, or via u.s. mail at 77 hot metal street, pittsburgh, pennsylvania, 15203.9. dmca infringement notification.to be effective, your infringement notification must include the following:1. a physical or electronic signature of a person authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed;2. identification of the copyrighted work claimed to have been infringed, or, if multiple copyrighted works at a single online site are covered by a single notification, a representative list of such works at that site.3. identification of the material or content that is claimed to be infringing or to be the subject of infringing activity and that is to be removed or have access disabled, and information reasonably sufficient to permit us to locate the material;4. information reasonably sufficient to permit us to contact the complaining party, including address, telephone number and email address where the complaining party may be contacted;5. the following statement: "i have a good faith belief that use of the material in the manner complained of is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law"; and6. the following statement: "the information in this notification is accurate, and under penalty of perjury, i swear that i am the copyright owner or that i am authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed."upon receipt of the written notification containing the information as outlined in 1 through 6 above:1. aeo will remove or disable access to the content that is alleged to be infringing;2. aeo will forward the written notification to the alleged infringer; and3. aeo will take reasonable steps to promptly notify the alleged infringer that we have removed or disabled access to the content.dmca infringement counter notification.pursuant to the dmca, after the alleged infringer receives a notice of infringement from aeo, the alleged infringer will have the opportunity to respond to aeo with a counter notification ("counter notification"). to be effective, a counter notification must be a written communication provided to aeo's designated copyright agent, and must include the following:1. a physical or electronic signature of the subscriber;2. identification of the material that has been removed or to which access has been disabled and the location at which the material appeared before it was removed or access disabled;3. the following statement: "i swear under penalty of perjury that it is my good faith belief that the material identified above was removed or disabled as a result of mistake or misidentification of the material to be removed or disabled"; and4. the subscriber's name, address, and telephone number, and a statement that the subscriber consents to the jurisdiction of the federal district court for the judicial district in which the subscriber address is located, or if the subscriber's address is outside of the united states, or any judicial district in which aeo may be found, and that the subscriber will accept service of process from the person who provided notification or an agent of such person.upon the copyright agent's receipt of a counter notification containing the information as outlined in 1 through 4 above, the dmca provides that the removed material will be restored or access re-enabled and we will comply with this requirement as required by law, provided that the designated agent has not received notice from the original complaining party that an action has been filed seeking a court order to restrain the subscriber from engaging in infringing activity relating to the material on our network.10. prohibited uses.in addition to other prohibitions as set forth in the tou, you are prohibited from using the site or its content for reasons including but not limited to the following: (a) for any unlawful purpose; (b) to solicit others to perform or participate in any unlawful acts; (c) to violate any international, federal, or state regulations, rules, laws, or local ordinances; (d) to infringe upon or violate our intellectual property rights or the intellectual property rights of others; (e) to harass, abuse, insult, harm, defame, slander, disparage, intimidate, or discriminate based on gender, sexual orientation, religion, ethnicity, race, age, national origin, or disability; (f) to submit false or misleading information; (g) to upload or transmit viruses or any other type of malicious code that will or may be used in any way that will affect the functionality or operation of this site, other websites, or the internet; (h) to collect or track the personal information of others; (i) to spam, phish, pharm, pretext, spider, crawl, or scrape; (j) for any obscene or immoral purpose; or (k) to interfere with or circumvent the security features of this site, other websites, or the internet. this list is in no way exhaustive. we reserve the right to terminate your use of the site for violating any prohibited uses.11. registration, accounts and passwords.you are responsible for the personal protection and security of any password or username that you may use to access this site. you are responsible for all direct or indirect damages and liable for all activity conducted on this site that can be linked or traced back to your username or password. you are obligated to immediately report a lost or stolen password or username to aeo.12. site updates.aeo undertakes no obligation to update, amend or clarify information on this site, including without limitation, pricing information, except as required by law. no specified update or refresh date applied on this site should be taken to indicate that all information on the site has been modified or updated. please remember when reviewing information on this site that such information may not represent the complete information available on a subject. in addition, subsequent events or changes in circumstances may cause existing information on this site to become inaccurate or incomplete.on occasion, information on this site may contain errors, including, without limitation, typographical errors, inaccuracies, or omissions related to product availability, special offers, product promotions, pricing information, product descriptions, or product shipping charges and transit times. aeo reserves the right to, at any time without prior notice, correct any errors, inaccuracies or omissions and to change or update information or cancel orders if any information on the site is inaccurate (including after you have submitted your order).13. product and pricing information.this site, content, product information, and any products sold through the site are intended to comply with u.s. state and federal and canadian national laws and regulations. some products cannot be shipped to certain jurisdictions. if you are a non-u.s. or non-canada based user, be advised that other countries may have laws, regulatory requirements, and product safety requirements that are different than those in the u.s. and canada. if you are a canadian user, be advised that products sold online through this website may not comply with provincial or local regulations.aeo reserves the right, but is not obligated, to limit the sales of its products or services to any person, geographic region or jurisdiction. we may exercise this right on a case-by-case basis. we reserve the right to limit the quantities of any products or services that we offer. all descriptions of products or product pricing are subject to change at any time without notice at the sole discretion of aeo. aeo reserves the right to discontinue any product at any time. any offer for any product or service made on this site is void where prohibited.14. resale of product.this site sells products to retail consumers only. you shall not use the site to purchase products for re-sale or export. aeo reserves the right to immediately bar access to the site and terminate the account of any user who violates this provision. aeo also may refuse to accept returns of such products.15. limitations on liabilityyou acknowledge, by your use of this site: (1) that your use of this site is at your sole risk; (2) that you assume full responsibility for all costs associated with all necessary servicing or repairs of any equipment that you use in connection with your use of this site; and (3) that aeo will not be liable for any damages of any kind related to your use of or inability to use our site, including without limitation, failure of performance, error, omission, interruption, computer virus, or network or internet failure, or including, without limitation, direct, indirect, special, compensatory or consequential damages, lost profits and/or loss of or damage to property whether the alleged liability is based on contract, tort, negligence strict liability or any other basis, even if aeo has been advised of the possibility of such damages. in no event will aeo's total liability for any claims related to this site exceed fifty ($50) dollars.because some jurisdictions do not allow the exclusion or limitation of incidental or consequential damages, aeo's, its affiliates', agents', licensors' and suppliers' damages in such jurisdictions shall be limited to the extent permitted by law.16. disclaimer.the content provided on this site is provided "as is" and "with all faults." aeo makes no warranty or representation, either express or implied, as to its use, availability, content accuracy, appropriateness or performance of this site. as a user, you assume all risks and responsibilities for its use or non-use, and aeo makes no representation that the content appearing on or downloaded from this site is compatible with your computer or free from error or viruses. no aeo employee, agent or representative is authorized to modify or amend this warranty. to the extent allowable by existing law, aeo disclaims all other warranties, either expressed or implied, including but not limited to the implied warranties of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose, with respect to this site and its content. some jurisdictions do not allow the exclusion or limitation of incidental or consequential damages, or limitation on how long an implied warranty lasts, so the above limitations or exclusions may not apply to you.aeo reserves the right to alter or remove site content, or suspend or terminate your use in any way, at any time, for any reason, without prior notification, and aeo will not be liable in any way for possible consequences of that action.17. indemnification.you agree to indemnify and hold aeo, its directors, officers, employees, agents, and affiliates harmless from and against any and all claims, damages, costs and expense, including attorney fees, arising from or related to your use of this site or breach of the tou.18. termination.the tou will remain in effect until you notify us that you no longer wish to use the site, or you cease using the site. notwithstanding anything in this tou to the contrary, the parties understand and agree that all terms and conditions of the tou that may require continued performance, compliance, or effect beyond the termination date of this tou will survive termination of the tou and will be enforceable by the parties, including but not limited to sections 2, 3, 5, 8, 9, 15, 16, 17, 19 and 22. aeo may also terminate the tou at any time and may do so immediately without notice, and accordingly deny you access to this site, if in aeo's sole discretion, you fail to comply with any term or provision of the tou. upon any termination of the tou by either you or aeo, you must promptly destroy all materials downloaded or otherwise obtained from this site, as well as copies of such materials, whether made under the tou or otherwise.19. choice of law and forum; consent to electronic communications.these tou will be governed and construed in accordance with the laws of the commonwealth of pennsylvania, without regard to its conflicts of law rules. for all disputes arising out of or relating to this site or tou, you submit to exclusive personal jurisdiction and venue of the courts located in allegheny county, pennsylvania.20. notice.when you visit this site or send e-mails to us, you are communicating with us electronically. you consent to receive communications from us electronically. we will communicate with you by e-mail or by posting notices on this site. you agree that all agreements, notices, disclosures and other communications that we provide to you electronically satisfy any legal requirement that such communications be in writing.21. privacy statement.aeo is committed to protecting the privacy of the visitors to this site. for information on how information is collected, used, or disclosed by aeo in connection with your use of this site, please consult our privacy policy which is incorporated into the tou by reference.22. no other agreements.by agreeing to the tou, you represent that you are at least the age of majority in your state of residence, or that you are the age of majority in your state of residence and you have given aeo your consent to allow any of your minor dependents to use this site. the provisions and conditions of the tou constitute the entire agreement between you and aeo related to the use of the site and supersedes any prior agreements or understandings not incorporated in the tou. the tou are effective as of the effective date. continued use of the site by you after the effective date constitutes your acceptance of the tou after the effective date.23. payment processing.by agreeing to the tou, you consent that depending on the type of payment method used, the payment processing services for goods and/or services purchased on this website are provided by either ae direct llc or by american eagle nl services co. b.v. on behalf of ae direct llc, in the event you choose to pay with credit card and the payment will be processed via a european acquirer, these terms are an agreement between you and american eagle nl services co. b.v. at principal address, prins bernhardplein 200, 1097 jb amsterdam, the netherlands.should you have any questions concerning the tou, or if you desire to contact aeo for any reason, please contact our webmaster. help topicscontact uscall uswrite usemail uschat usorders + returnstrack orderreturn policiesshipping + handlingpricing + taxes/dutiespayment optionsmy account + aeo rewardsprogram infopointsrewardsterms & conditionsmy accountaeo credit cardsaccount detailspay my billemails + textsemailstextssize chartswomen'smen'saerietailgateproduct care symbolsamerican care labelingeuropean care labelingjapanese care labelingmexico care labelinglegalprivacy noticescalifornia disclosuresgeneral notice of compliance - aodaterms of useaeo brand protection gift cards give them what they really want. aeo rewards earn up to 40% off at aeo & aerie. aeo credit cards get 15% off your first purchase. pay bill | apply now mobile app shop & get exclusive deals right from your phone. reserve, try & buy we'll hold the styles you love for you in store. blog: aeo | aerie style tips, diy ideas & more. store locator track order email sign up mobile alert sign up free 2-day shipping investors aeo better world careers press room site map have a question? call us: 1.888.232.4535 help return policy email us feedback follow us #aeostyle #aeriereal terms of use california disclosures privacy notices brand protection affiliate program © 2017 aeo management co. all rights reserved. gift cards aeo credit cards pay bill apply now card benefits reserve, try & buy stay in the know email sign up mobile alert sign up download our app about aeo investors aeo better world careers press room site map have a question? call us: 1.888.232.4535 help return policy email us feedback privacy notices privacy notices terms of use california disclosures brand protection #aeostyle #aeriereal blog: aeo | aerie © 2017 aeo management co. all rights reserved.