来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20161230140741/https://www.ae.com/content/help/privacy-notices?navdetail=footer:c5:p1
================================================================================

american eagle outfitters men's & women's clothing, shoes & accessories home women women home featured new arrivals online only now trending #aeostyle gallery aeo soft & sexy v-day shop new! tailgate collection brands we love #weallcan clearance tops view all shirts t-shirts sweaters hoodies & sweatshirts jackets & outerwear tank tops bodysuits bralettes bottoms view all jeans pants joggers & sweatpants leggings & yoga skirts shorts dresses & rompers swimwear shoes socks accessories fragrance & beauty aeo apt don't ask why tailgate gift cards aerie view all bras bralettes undies swimwear sleepwear tops bottoms more aerie... deals jeans bogo 50% off socks bogo 50% off $20 & under bralettes $35 one pieces 25% off bikinis all clearance 60% off men men home featured new arrivals online only ae active now trending v-day shop #aeostyle gallery aeo flex tops new! tailgate collection brands we love #weallcan clearance tops view all shirts t-shirts polos sweaters hoodies & sweatshirts jackets & outerwear bottoms view all jeans pants joggers & sweatpants shorts underwear shoes socks accessories cologne & grooming tailgate gift cards deals jeans bogo 50% off socks bogo 50% off underwear 2 for $24, 3 for $33, 5 for $50 clearance: 60% off jeans jeans home women's jeans view all jegging skinny vintage hi-rise straight tomgirl boot flare favorite boyfriend hi-rise crop men's jeans view all skinny slim slim straight straight boot loose aerie aerie home featured new arrivals online only now trending v-day = u-day chill. play. move. guide sunnie collection brands we're crushing on style inspo #aeriereal aerie supports bras view all bralettes unlined bras lightly lined bras pushup bras strapless & multi-way bras sports bras bra accessories undies view all thongs string thongs cheekies string bikinis bikinis boybriefs hi-rise boybriefs boyshorts 4 for $27.50 sunnie undies 7 for $27.50 everyday loves undies swimwear view all one pieces bikini tops bikini bottoms coverups accessories bikini mix & match tops bottoms sleepwear bodysuits dresses & rompers socks accessories home fragrance & beauty clearance gift cards deals $20 & under bralettes $20 happy unlined bras $35 one pieces 25% off bikinis $25 & under tops $30 & under bottoms bogo 50% off shop $3.99 clearance undies clearance: 40-60% off tailgate tailgate home shop by school view all alabama crimson tide arizona state sun devils arkansas razorbacks auburn tigers clemson tigers florida gators florida state seminoles georgia bulldogs iowa hawkeyes iowa state cyclones kansas jayhawks louisville cardinals lsu tigers michigan wolverines michigan state spartans missouri tigers nebraska cornhuskers notre dame fighting irish nyu violets ohio state buckeyes oklahoma sooners oklahoma state cowboys penn state nittany lions south carolina gamecocks tennessee volunteers texas tech red raiders ucla bruins unc tar heels virginia cavaliers washington huskies wisconsin badgers west virginia mountaineers women's view all sweatshirts hoodies sweatpants t-shirts tanks accessories tailgate collections shop by school clearance: $19.99 & up men's view all sweatshirts hoodies sweatpants track jackets long sleeve t-shirts t-shirts accessories tailgate collections shop by school clearance: $19.99 & up clearance clearance home women's clearance view all tops jeans bottoms dresses shoes accessories fragrance tailgate don't ask why aerie $3.99 undies men's clearance view all tops jeans bottoms underwear shoes accessories cologne tailgate aerie clearance view all bras swimwear bodysuits tops bottoms dresses & rompers sleepwear accessories beauty $3.99 undies k ti per te store locator track order my aeo my account order history aerewards my favorites aeo credit card aeo credit card & bill pay create account $usd back to top ×detailsfree shipping with a $50 purchasebeginning january 3, 2017, at 6:00 am est for a limited time only receive automatic free shipping valid for orders of $50 usd or more shipping to u.s. & canadian addresses. offer not valid on international orders. this offer is good for u.s. standard shipping within 3 to 7 business days pending credit approval and authorization. orders to canadian addresses will be shipped via canada post within 6 to 10 business days to urban areas and 15 to 22 business days to rural areas. this free shipping offer can be combined with other discount offers. no discount code is required at ae.com or aerie.com. not applicable toward previously purchased merchandise. all deliveries are pending credit approval, merchandise availability, delivery and weather conditions. shipping outside of us not available on merchandise from these brands: aeo apt, american crafts, artisan de luxe, audiology, baggu, ban.do, bass, bc, beauty for real, bed stu, big mouth inc, birkenstock, bravado, btw, cat footwear, clarks, classy chargers, compagnie de provence, creative recreation, chronicle books, colab, color factory, crownjwlz, define, dioy, dr. martens, dr. scholl, durango, dolce vita, eastland, fjallraven, emoji, eos, formation brands, found my animal, fred & friends, fringe, glory/goorin, gola, hachette, half united, hang ten, heidi swapp, henschel, hunter, imm, just mustard, living, keds, keep it simple, kelsi dagger, kikkerland, knock knock, knot & bow, k.swiss, laqa, laline, lack of color, liberty, life line, lulu dk, luxy lemon, make up eraser, marquee market, matisse, meri meri, minnetonka, moorish, mountain ocean, muses & rebels, new balance, npw, nudestix, octopus books, paddywax, palladium, pendleton, pf flyers, pinch, pony, quadrille, quay, reebok, rosanna, royal apothic, scarlett kitty, seychelles, slant, sprigs, street level, sun bum, sunnylife, swedish hasbeens, talking tables, tangle teezer, tattly, teva, thorogood, timberland, tonymoly, topo, tretorn, triple c, volley, wallpops, whish, wild + wolf, wolverine, woolrich, word, and workman.© 2017 aeo management co. all rights reserved.free shipping on orders over $50 details feedback store locator track order my aeo sign in order history aeo rewards account settings aeo credit card & bill pay don't have an account? no problem... create account $usd items checkout women women featured new arrivals online only now trending #aeostyle gallery aeo soft & sexy v-day shop new! tailgate collection brands we love #weallcan clearance tops shirts t-shirts sweaters hoodies & sweatshirts jackets & outerwear tank tops bodysuits bralettes bottoms jeans pants joggers & sweatpants leggings & yoga skirts shorts dresses & rompers swimwear shoes socks accessories fragrance & beauty aeo apt don't ask why tailgate gift cards aerie bras bralettes undies swimwear sleepwear tops bottoms more aerie... deals jeans bogo 50% off socks bogo 50% off $20 & under bralettes $35 one pieces 25% off bikinis all clearance 60% off men men featured new arrivals online only ae active now trending v-day shop #aeostyle gallery aeo flex tops new! tailgate collection brands we love #weallcan clearance tops shirts t-shirts polos sweaters hoodies & sweatshirts jackets & outerwear bottoms jeans pants joggers & sweatpants shorts underwear shoes socks accessories cologne & grooming tailgate gift cards deals jeans bogo 50% off socks bogo 50% off underwear 2 for $24, 3 for $33, 5 for $50 clearance: 60% off jeans jeans women's jeans jegging skinny vintage hi-rise straight tomgirl boot flare favorite boyfriend hi-rise crop men's jeans skinny slim slim straight straight boot loose aerie aerie featured new arrivals online only now trending v-day = u-day chill. play. move. guide sunnie collection brands we're crushing on style inspo #aeriereal aerie supports bras bralettes unlined bras lightly lined bras pushup bras strapless & multi-way bras sports bras bra accessories undies thongs string thongs cheekies string bikinis bikinis boybriefs hi-rise boybriefs boyshorts 4 for $27.50 sunnie undies 7 for $27.50 everyday loves undies swimwear one pieces bikini tops bikini bottoms coverups accessories bikini mix & match tops bottoms sleepwear bodysuits dresses & rompers socks accessories home fragrance & beauty clearance gift cards deals $20 & under bralettes $20 happy unlined bras $35 one pieces 25% off bikinis $25 & under tops $30 & under bottoms bogo 50% off shop $3.99 clearance undies clearance: 40-60% off tailgate tailgate shop by school alabama crimson tide arizona state sun devils arkansas razorbacks auburn tigers clemson tigers florida gators florida state seminoles georgia bulldogs iowa hawkeyes iowa state cyclones kansas jayhawks louisville cardinals lsu tigers michigan wolverines michigan state spartans missouri tigers nebraska cornhuskers notre dame fighting irish nyu violets ohio state buckeyes oklahoma sooners oklahoma state cowboys penn state nittany lions south carolina gamecocks tennessee volunteers texas tech red raiders ucla bruins unc tar heels virginia cavaliers washington huskies wisconsin badgers west virginia mountaineers women's sweatshirts hoodies sweatpants t-shirts tanks accessories tailgate collections shop by school clearance: $19.99 & up men's sweatshirts hoodies sweatpants track jackets long sleeve t-shirts t-shirts accessories tailgate collections shop by school clearance: $19.99 & up clearance clearance women's clearance tops jeans bottoms dresses shoes accessories fragrance tailgate don't ask why aerie $3.99 undies men's clearance tops jeans bottoms underwear shoes accessories cologne tailgate ×details© 2017 aeo management co. all rights reserved.prices as marked. aerie clearance bras swimwear bodysuits tops bottoms dresses & rompers sleepwear accessories beauty $3.99 undies k ti per te ×details© 2017 aeo management co. all rights reserved.prices as marked. items checkout ×detailstake 30% off when you use an aeo or aerie credit card. use code: cred2017*subject to credit approval. beginning january 19, 2017 at 6:00am est through january 31, 2017 at 3:00am pdt, take a one-time 30% off your first purchase when you open and use your new aeo® credit card, aeo visa® card, aerie® credit card or aerie visa card. 30% off offer is in lieu of the standard 15% off account opening offer. use your aeo visa card, aeo credit card, aerie credit card or aerie visa card at the us aeo or aerie store register or use the discount code cred2017 at the ae.com® or aerie.com shopping bag. offer valid in us aeo and aerie stores or at ae.com or aerie.com. discount will be applied during checkout when you use your aeo credit card, aeo visa card, aerie credit card or aerie visa card. this 30% off offer cannot be combined with any other discount offers. discount is not redeemable for cash, nor is it valid toward any previously purchased merchandise. all prices and/or promotions at ae.com and aerie.com are reflected in usd. offer's value will not be refunded on merchandise return. discount applies to merchandise cost only, not tax and shipping & handling costs. valid on aeo & aerie branded merchandise. offer excludes canada aeo, canada aerie, and gift cards. excludes 3rd party merchandise. discount promotion and associated terms and conditions subject to change at aeo's sole discretion. aeo® visa card and aerie® visa card are issued by synchrony bank pursuant to a license from visa usa inc.© 2017 aeo management co. all rights reserved.open a new aeo credit card & take 30% off the first time you use it!  apply now | details privacy noticeswant to chat? we're here for you! 1-888-232-4535call us email us live chatunited states privacy noticeupdated as of: march 7, 2016american eagle outfitters, inc. and its affiliates and subsidiaries (collectively, "aeo", "we", "us", or "our") are committed to maintaining your confidence and trust as it relates to the privacy of your information. please read this privacy notice (this "notice") to learn how we collect, protect, share and use your information. this notice applies to information obtained in connection with our technology platforms, including, without limitation, our websites, mobile/tablet sites, web pages, social media presence, marketing campaigns, applications, our stores and other aeo controlled digital properties that link to this notice (collectively, the "platforms"). by purchasing our products/services, visiting our stores, providing us information or by accessing our platforms, you consent to the collection, use and disclosure of your personal information in accordance with this notice.this notice does not create a contractual obligation between you and aeo, and it is subject to our terms of use. if you have questions about this notice, please contact us at custserv@ae.com.note, when applying for an aeo credit card, issued by synchrony bank, additional privacy policies may apply to information collected during such process.quick guide to contentsinformation collected.use of the information collected.sharing of information.choice and access.advertising/behavioral targeting.children.security of your information and identity theft detection program.other sites.consent to processing and transfer of information.changes.contact us.mobile marketing messaging.california compliance rights.1. information collected.information provided.we receive and may keep information voluntarily provided when you navigate our platforms, make a purchase, utilize our services, apply for an aeo credit card, create/maintain an aeo account, register with or otherwise contact us, take part in a special promotion, customer research, contest or sweepstakes, or otherwise provide or submit information.as part of such information collected, we or our vendors (as defined below) may collect "personal information" (information that may be used to identify you as an individual) such as your name, e-mail address, telephone number, home address, payment information (e.g., account information or credit card number), or social security number (e.g., if you are applying for an aeo credit card, issued by synchrony bank). the types of personal information collected may vary depending on your navigation and use of the platforms. for example, we will collect your credit card number and other payment related information in connection with your purchase of products and/or services through the platforms.we may also receive and keep information you provide to us regarding other people. for example, you may provide us with the name and address for a gift recipient. when you provide us with the personal information about the intended recipient of a shipment, we use that information for the purposes of processing the shipment and, in some cases, to communicate with the intended recipient. we rely on you to obtain the intended recipient's consent to our use of their personal information for these limited purposes.information we receive from third parties.in our efforts to maintain accurate and complete information, we utilize third party entities to assist us with updating and maintaining current contact information (e.g., national change of address or ncoa).we may also receive personal information and other information from sources assisting us with updating, improving and/or analyzing our records or with detecting fraud or theft.additionally, we may receive information from various consumer reporting agencies and related service providers.also, we may receive information about you from other third parties. for example, if you are on another website and you opt-in to receive information from aeo, that website will submit to us your e-mail address and other information about you so that we may contact you as requested. you may also choose to participate in a third party application or feature (such as one of our facebook or twitter applications or a similar application or feature on a third party website) through which you allow us to collect (or the third party to share) information about you, including usage information (as defined herein) and personal information such as lists of your friends, "likes", comments you have shared, groups and location. services like facebook connect give you the option to post information about your activities on our platforms to your profile page to share with others within your network. in addition, we may receive information about you if other users of a third party website give us access to their profiles and you are one of their "connections", or if information about you is otherwise accessible through your "connections" web page, profile page, or similar page on a social networking or other third party website or interactive service.information collected automatically.usage information. whenever you visit or interact with the platforms, we, as well as third-party advertisers, vendors and/or service providers (collectively, "vendors"), may use a variety of technologies that automatically or passively collect information ("automated technologies") about how the platforms are navigated, accessed and used ("usage information"). usage information may include browser type, device type and characteristics, device identifiers (as defined below), operating system, application version, the pages served, the time/date, your geo-location, the preceding page views, and your use of and pathway through the platforms. this information helps us administer our platforms, keep our platforms fresh and interesting, recognize you and your device, personalize and tailor content, diagnose problems with our servers, analyze trends, gather broad demographic information for business or aggregate use, and enable our online presence to operate properly and efficiently for you and for your individual customer experience.device identifier. we or our vendors may automatically collect your ip address or other unique identifier ("device identifier") for the "device" (e.g., computer, mobile phone, tablet or other device) you use to access the platforms. a device identifier is usually a number that is assigned to your device when you access a platform or its servers, permitting identification of your device by its device identifier.automated technologies. the automated technologies used on the platforms to collect usage information include, but are not limited to, cookies (data files placed on a device when it is used to visit the platforms), mobile analytics software, pixel tags (transparent graphic image, sometimes called a web beacon or tracking beacon, placed on a platform to indicate that a page or e-mail has been viewed), and similar technologies. both session cookies (which expire once you close your web browser) and persistent cookies (which remain on your device, sometimes until you delete them) may be used. please remember, some automated technologies may tell your browser to get content from another server.if you would prefer not to accept cookies, most browsers will allow you to: (i) change your device browser settings to notify you when your device receives a cookie, which lets you choose whether or not to accept it; or (ii) set your device browser to automatically reject any cookie. however, please be aware that if you disable or reject cookies, some features and services on our platforms may not work properly because we may not be able to recognize and associate you with your aeo account. please note, even if you choose to restrict or modify your settings, you may still see or receive aeo advertisements via our platforms and on other sites, but such advertisements will not be based upon your browsing history.aeo does not respond to "do-not-track" setting in user's web browser, and our platforms may continue to collect information in the manner described in this notice. you can also learn more about cookies by visiting allaboutcookies.org which includes additional useful information on cookies and how to block cookies using different types of browsers.2. use of the information collected.we or our vendors may place automated technologies on your device for a variety of reasons, including security purposes (including protecting the integrity of the platforms and our stores), platform navigation, and marketing and analytics purposes (including allowing the selection of personalized ads or offers believed to appeal to you, based on your interests, preferences, location, or demographic information). additionally, automated technologies may also be used to associate you with social networking sites (e.g., facebook and twitter), and, if you so choose, enable interaction between your activities on the platforms and your activities on such social networking sites.the information collected via the platforms is used to provide you service and answer your questions and requests; maintain our loyalty programs; provide you with access to certain areas and features of the platforms; verify your identity; deliver merchandise and services ; conduct research, analysis, and surveys; communicate with you about your account and activities on the platforms; tailor content, advertisements, and offers served to you; alert you to products (including recalls); serve you our promotional information and that of our partners, we think may be of interest to you; improve the platforms; comply with license and legal obligations; and for purposes disclosed at the time you provide your personal information or otherwise with your consent. we may also use the information we collect to administer giveaways, contests, birthday programs and similar promotions, and special customer recognition programs, including our loyalty program(s).in using your information, we may combine certain personal information, customer information and usage information collected online and offline, including information collected from third parties.3. sharing of information.except as described in this notice, we will not provide any of your personal information to any third parties without your consent. we may share non-personal information, such as aggregate data and usage information with third parties. we may also share your information as disclosed at the time you provide your information, as set forth in this notice, including in the following circumstances:third parties providing services on our behalf. we may share your personal information with vendors that perform functions on our behalf or assist with our business operations, such as those that host or operate our platforms, analyze data, process transactions and payments, fulfill orders or provide customer service; advertisers; sponsors or other third parties that participate in or administer our promotions, contests, sweepstakes, surveys or provide marketing or promotional assistance and "powered by" partners or partners in co-branded sites. your personal information may also be used by us or shared with our subsidiaries, affiliates, sponsors, partners, advertisers or other third parties to provide you with product information and promotional and other offers. for example, synchrony bank manages an online credit center. when you visit the web site, synchrony bank receives the information you provide for the purpose of assisting aeo with the administration and management of the aeo credit card. synchrony bank may have its own policies that govern the site when you apply for a credit card.your agreement to have your personal information shared. while utilizing our platforms, you may have the opportunity to opt-in to receive information and/or marketing offers from someone else or to otherwise consent to the sharing of your information with a third party, including social networking sites such as facebook or twitter. if you agree to have your personal information shared, your personal information will be disclosed to the third party and the personal information you disclose will be subject to the privacy policy and business practices of that third party.business transfers. we may share your personal information with other entities and our affiliates primarily for business and operational purposes. in the event that aeo is involved in a bankruptcy, merger, acquisition, reorganization or sale of assets, your information may be sold or transferred as part of that transaction.legal disclosure. we may transfer and disclose your information to third parties to comply with a legal obligation; when we believe in good faith that the law or a governmental authority requires it; to verify or enforce our terms of use or other applicable policies; to address fraud, security or technical issues; to respond to an emergency; or otherwise to protect our rights or property or security of third parties, visitors to our platforms or the public.4. choice and access.you may ask us not to use your personal information to provide you with marketing information or offers, or not to send you newsletters, marketing e-mails or other communications, by: (i) modifying your registered user information on the platforms; (ii) sending us an e-mail at custserv@ae.com; (iii) contacting us by mail american eagle outfitters, c/o customer relations, 77 hot metal st., pittsburgh, pa 15203, or (iv) following the removal instructions in the communication that you receive. your opt-out request will be processed within 30 days of the date on which we receive it.if you wish to modify, verify, correct, or delete any of your personal information collected through the platforms, you may edit your registered user information or contact us at the above address or e-mail. in accordance with our routine record keeping, we may delete certain records that contain personal information you have submitted through the platforms. we are under no obligation to store such personal information indefinitely and disclaim any liability arising out of, or related to, the destruction of such personal information. it may not always be possible to completely remove or delete all of your information from our databases without some residual data because of backups and other reasons. we will retain and use your information as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements. we do not control certain privacy settings and preferences maintained by our social media partners like facebook and twitter. if you wish to make changes to those settings and preferences, you may do so by visiting the settings page of the appropriate social media site.additionally, we may refuse requests that are unreasonably repetitive, require disproportionate technical efforts, risk the privacy of others, or are impractical.5. advertising/behavioral targeting.we may use third party ad network providers to help present ads on the platforms or other sites, as well as other service providers to evaluate and provide us with information about the use of the platforms and viewing of our content. such providers may place and access automated technologies on your device to serve you ads or other content personalized to your interests, which they infer from your browsing on the platforms and other sites you have visited. in doing so, the provider collects or has access to non-personal information such as your usage information. the use of automated technologies by these providers is subject to their own privacy policies, not ours.6. children.the platforms are intended for "general audiences" and are not directed to children under the age of 13. we do not knowingly collect, use or disclose personal information from anyone under 13 years of age. if we determine upon collection that a user is under this age, we will not use or maintain his/her personal information without the parent/guardian's consent. if we become aware that we have unknowingly collected personal information from a child under the age of 13, we will make reasonable efforts to delete such information from our records.7. security of your information and identity theft detection program.we take information security seriously and use a variety of security measures to help protect your personal information and online transactions. we utilize encryption technology, including secure sockets layer, to protect your information that we transport across the internet. your personal online and mobile account(s) with us are password protected, with restricted online access.in addition, aeo has a program (the "red flag program") designed to comply with the red flag rules promulgated by the federal trade commission under the fair and accurate credit transactions act of 2003. pursuant to the red flag program, aeo has identified specific patterns, practices, and forms of activity to be red flags signaling possible identity theft. in the instance that aeo has identified a red flag, aeo will follow the red flag program closely to protect you against identity theft. for complete program details please visit www.ftc.gov.additionally, we use a variety of security measures to help protect your information that we maintain at our facilities, including physical, administrative and technical controls (that are consistent with retail practices) in an attempt to mitigate such risks. however, no electronic data transmission or storage of information can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. please note that we cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to us, and you use the platforms and provide us with your information at your own risk. we encourage you to take your own steps to protect your personal information and prevent identity theft.8. other sites.the platforms may contain links to other sites that we do not own or operate. this includes links from advertisers, sponsors and/or partners that may use our logo(s) as part of a co-branding or co-marketing agreement. we do not control, recommend or endorse and are not responsible for these sites or their content, products, services or privacy policies or practices. these other sites may send their own cookies to your device, they may independently collect data or solicit personal information and may or may not have their own published privacy policies. you should also independently assess the authenticity of any site which appears or claims that it is one of our platforms (including those linked to through an e-mail or social networking page).the platforms may make available chat rooms, forums, message boards, and news groups. remember that any information that you disclose in these areas becomes public information and is not subject to the provisions of this notice.9. consent to processing and transfer of information.given that we are an international business, our use of your information necessarily involves the transmission of data on an international basis. if you are located in the european union, canada or elsewhere outside of the united states, please be aware that information we collect may be transferred to and processed in the united states. by using the platforms, or providing us with any information, you consent to the collection, processing, maintenance and transfer of such information in and to the united states and other applicable territories in which the privacy laws may not be as comprehensive as or equivalent to those in the country where you reside and/or are a citizen.in furtherance of the eu data protection directive 95/46/ec (the "directive"), aeo participates in the eu and swiss safe harbor framework (as established by the u.s. department of commerce) regarding the processing of personal information from the european economic area ("safe harbor"). aeo has certified that it adheres to the safe harbor privacy principles of notice, choice, onward transfer, security, data integrity, access and enforcement ("certification"). to learn more about the safe harbor program, and to view our certification page, please visit http://www.export.gov/safeharbor/. in light of recent european court of justice actions, aeo maintains its certification but has taken additional steps to properly evidence adherence to the directive. such additional steps include revaluating our data flows, entering into an inter-company agreement detailing the processing of certain personal data, and working to ensure that necessary controller obligations are being passed through to various service providers.in compliance with safe harbor, aeo commits to resolve complaints about your privacy and our collection and use of your personal information. if you have complaints regarding our compliance with the safe harbor you should first contact us (as provided below). if contacting us does not resolve your complaint, you may raise your complaint with icdr/aaa, please visit their website at http://info.adr.org/safeharbor/ for filing information. if you are faxing or mailing icdr/aaa to lodge a complaint, you must include the following information: our name, the alleged privacy violation, your contact information, and whether you would like the particulars of your complaint shared with us. the icdr/aaa dispute resolution process shall be conducted in english.10. changes.we may update this notice to reflect changes to our information practices. we may change or add to this notice at any time without notice, so we encourage you to review it periodically.11. contact us.postal mail.if you do not want to receive promotional mail from aeo via postal service, send an e-mail or a letter stating this with your name and address to either custserv@ae.com , or our mailing address below. you can also call us at 1-888-232-4535 with your request.e-mails.when you fill out one of our forms or other requests for information, you may choose to receive e-mail that informs you about merchandise in our stores or online, as well as special offers, contests and promotions. in addition, we may send you e-mails to help us learn more about you and your preferences. if, after you have shared your e-mail address with aeo, you decide that you do not want to receive e-mail from aeo, you have several options to let us know of your preferences:you can unsubscribe from promotional e-mails at any time by clicking on the hyperlink shown in aeo e-mails and follow the instructions to indicate your unsubscribe preference;orcontact aeo customer relations as set forth below,as it relates to questions you might have about this notice or if you have a concern that aeo may have failed to adhere to this notice, please call customer relations at 1-888-232-4535, e-mail custserv@ae.com, or write us as follows:american eagle outfittersc/o customer relations77 hot metal streetpittsburgh, pa 15203attention: senior director of crmyou may also contact us in any one of the above ways to request access to or correction or update of your personal information.if you have specific questions regarding your aeo credit card, you can call aeo credit card customer service at 1-800-843-0875 during the eastern u.s. time zone hours of 8 a.m. - 12 midnight monday - saturday or 9 a.m. - 10 p.m. on sunday. you can also write to:american eagle outfitters credit cardp.o. box 530993atlanta ga, 30353-099312. mobile marketing messaging.you may decide to have marketing messages sent directly to your device via text messaging. this program is completely voluntary, and messages will only be sent to customers who have consented to receive them. if you have errantly received a marketing text message without opting in to the program, or if you wish to opt out of receiving messages, please respond to the text message in the following manner:for ae, reply "stop" to eagle (32453)for aerie, reply "stop" to aerie (23743)for additional help regarding your subscription to ae's mobile marketing messaging program, reply "help" to 32453; aerie's mobile marketing messaging program, reply "help" to 23743.message and data rates may apply. please consult the applicable wireless service agreement for your individual pricing plan.by texting to subscribe, you are consenting to receive mobile marketing messages from aeo at the mobile number you provide. you agree that the messages may be sent using autodial or other automated technology. consent is not required for the purchase of goods and/or services.you will receive up to 2 messages per week for each subscription.any information you provide will be held in accordance with this notice.13. california compliance rightscanadian privacy noticeamerican eagle outfitters and its subsidiaries ("aeo") respect your right to privacy. we may change or add to this privacy policy at any time without notice, so we encourage you to review it periodically. aeo reserves the right to vary this policy province by province as required by law. by purchasing our products or using our services or website, you consent to the collection, use and disclosure of your personal information in accordance with the following privacy policy.we have included in this privacy policy details on how we collect, use and protect the information you decide to provide us. this privacy policy will tell you:what information is collected by aeohow we use informationhow we may share informationhow you may contact aeoaeo points of contactthe aeo points of contact include, but are not limited to:aeo stores, our merchandise sales website ae.com, aeo's customer service line for ordering products and communications with aeo's customer relations departmentany other website or on-line service that may be provided from time to time by aeo or on behalf.what information do we collect?consumer informationwe receive and may keep information voluntarily given to us when you decided to make an aeo purchase, apply for an aeo credit card, register on an aeo website, take part in a special promotion or when you provide any other information or unique preferences to better serve you. this information may include:your name, address and phone numberdate of birthyour e-mail addressyour credit card, gift card or aerewards loyalty card numberproof of your identityany other information that aeo may voluntarily collect from you from time to time on its website or through alternate means.it might also include information you provide us about other people. for example, you may provide us with some of the same information as above (name and address) for a merchandise gift recipient. when you provide us with personal information about the intended recipient of a shipment, we use that information for the purposes of processing the shipment and, in some cases, to communicate with the intended recipient to provide information pertaining to the status of the shipment. we rely on you to obtain the intended recipient's consent to our use of their personal information for these limited purposes.information from other sourceswe may receive information about you from other sources such as updated address information. this information may help us to improve our ability to service your needs such as ensuring the accurate delivery of direct mail materials.use of cookies and other technologywe want you to be aware that certain online tools exist to help us service and recognize you when you visit one of our websites. for your convenience, to help us personalize your experience or better serve your needs, we may receive and store certain types of information when you visit one of our websites. cookies may be placed on your computer when you click on an aeo e-mail, banner or on the site directly. we use this information to understand how users navigate to and around our websites, view product pages, access content and make purchases.once information is received, how is it used and/or shared?within aeoinformation we collect from you may be shared between all points of contact within aeo and its subsidiaries. we use this information to offer you special offers, new products and services. in addition, aeo may use such information to:provide you with timely and reliable fulfillment of requestsdo all things necessary to administer those servicesdeliver merchandise and services that you purchase onlineregister you on ae.comfacilitate payment for your purchasesconfirm your orders and delivery informationrespond to your customer service inquiries or requestscommunicate offers, benefits and featured items to youadminister giveaways, contests, birthday programs and similar promotionsadminister special customer recognition programs, such as aerewardsfind and stock the products you wantcustomize your shopping experience and for other uses for which aeo has obtained consentoutside aeocertain business services are performed on aeo's behalf and at certain business services are performed on aeo's behalf and at aeo's request by other companies. we may securely share your information with selected vendors that perform services for aeo or to others for other marketing purposes. to perform these services, these companies may, at times, utilize some of the information you have provided aeo. this information is used solely for the purposes aeo has requested such as maintaining our database, administering and monitoring e-mails, and contest administration.we may also securely share your information with governmental agencies or other entities, including credit reporting agencies, assisting us in fraud prevention or investigation. we may do so when (1) permitted or required by law, (2) trying to protect against or prevent actual or potential fraud or unauthorized transactions, or (3) investigating fraud that has already taken place. these entities may access and, if necessary, record your information to assist us with fraud prevention and detection. we will never authorize the release of your information to or by such entities for any other purpose.retention of personal informationaeo retains your personal information for as long as necessary to fulfill the purpose(s) for which it was collected and to comply with applicable laws. your consent to such purposes(s) remains valid after any termination of our relationship with you.right to transferaeo also reserves the right to disclose and/or transfer personal information to a third party in the event of a proposed or actual purchase, sale (including, but not limited to, liquidation, realization, foreclosure or repossession), lease, merger, amalgamation or any other type of acquisition, disposal or financing of all or any portion of aeo or of any of the business or assets or shares of aeo or a division thereof in order for you to continue to receive the same products and services from the third party.how to contact aeopostal mailif you do not want to receive promotional mail from aeo via postal service, send a letter stating this with your name and address to custserv@ae.com, or to our mailing address below. you can also call us at 1-888-232-4535 with your request.e-mailswhen you fill out one of our forms or other requests for information, you may choose to receive e-mail that informs you about new merchandise in our stores or online, as well as special offers and promotions. in addition, we may send you e-mails to help us learn more about you and your preferences. if, after you have shared your e-mail address with aeo, you decide that you do not want to receive e-mail from aeo, you have several options to let us know of your preferences:you can go to ae.com, access your "my ae" profile, uncheck the box marked "send me e-mails with ae.com promotions" and follow the instructionsyou can discontinue promotional e-mails by clicking on the hyperlink shown in all aeo e-mails and follow the instructions to indicate your unsubscribe preferencecontact ae customer relations as set forth belowas it relates to questions you might have about our privacy policy or if you have a concern that aeo may have failed to adhere to this privacy policy, please call customer relations at 1-888-232-4535, e-mail custserv@ae.com, or write us as follows:american eagle outfitters canadacustomer relations450 courtneypark drive westmississauga, ontariol5w 1y6attention: manager – marketing & store communicationsyou may also contact us in any one of the above ways to access or update of your personal information.mobile marketing messagescustomers may decide to have marketing messages sent directly to their mobile devices via text messaging. this program is completely voluntary, and messages will only be sent to customers who have asked to receive them. if you have errantly received a marketing text message without opting in to the program, or if you wish to opt out of receiving messages, please respond to the text message in the following manner:for ae, reply "stop" or "arret" to eagle (32453)for aerie, reply "stop" or "arret" to aerie (23743)for additional help regarding your subscription to ae's mobile marketing messaging program, reply "help" or "aide" to 32453; aerie's mobile marketing messaging program, reply "help" or "aide" to 23743.standard message and data rates apply. please consult the applicable wireless service agreement for your individual pricing plan. you can reach customer support via email at mobile@ae.com or via phone at 888.232.4535. please note that it may take up to 10 days to process your stop request, during which time you may receive additional mobile marketing from aeo.miscellaneousour policy on gathering information from and communicating with children onlinewe recognize the unique privacy concerns regarding children. pursuant to coppa guidelines, we do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information on-line from children under the age of 13. if a parent or guardian is made aware that a child under the age of 13 has provided us with personally identifiable information without their consent, please contact us at 1-888-232-4535, or by e-mail custserv@ae.com or at the address listed above and we will remove the information about the individual from our marketing database.our commitment to data securityaeo makes commercially reasonable efforts to ensure that personal information collected from you is protected against loss and unauthorized access. this protection applies in relation to information stored in both electronic and hard copy form. aeo uses industry standard security techniques on our websites to help protect against the loss, misuse or modification of information that you have provided. when you access your personal information or transmit personally identifiable data to us, that information is stored on servers that we have used commercially reasonable efforts to protect from unauthorized access or intrusion. while we implement the above security measures, you should be aware that 100% security is not possible.what happens if i hit a link to another site from an aeo site?our websites may offer links to other sites. other sites have their own terms of use and privacy and security policies. aeo is not responsible for how such third parties collect, use or disclose your personal information. if you choose to visit one of these sites, you may want to review the policies that govern that particular site.mexico privacy noticeúltima actualización: 1 de julio de 2014american eagle outfitters y sus subsidiarias ("aeo", "nosotros", "nos" o "nuestro") se comprometen a mantener su seguridad y confianza respecto de la privacidad de su información. lea lo siguiente y descubra cómo recopilamos, protegemos, compartimos y usamos su información como parte de nuestras plataformas tecnológicas, incluyendo, sin limitación, nuestros sitios web, páginas web, características interactivas y aplicaciones ("plataformas"). al comprar nuestros productos, usar nuestros servicios o el sitio web, usted está de acuerdo en la recopilación, uso y divulgación de su información personal conforme con la siguiente política de privacidad. tenga en cuenta que esta política no se aplica a la información recopilada cuando usted solicita una tarjeta de crédito aeo (emitida por synchrony bank).guía rápida sobre el contenidoinformación recopilada en nuestras plataformas.cómo usamos la información que recopilamosintercambio de informacióninformación que recibimos de tercerossu acceso, elección y derechos de privacidad.publicidad/marketing por comportamiento.niños.programa de detección de robo de identidad y seguridad de su información.otros sitios.consentimiento al procesamiento y la transferencia de información.cambios.contáctenos.1. información recopilada en nuestras plataformas.información que usted nos proporciona.recibimos y podemos conservar información que nos haya proporcionado de forma voluntaria cuando decidió realizar una compra, solicitar una tarjeta de crédito aeo, registrarse en un sitio web de aeo, participar en una promoción especial o suministrar cualquier otro tipo de información o preferencias exclusivas para ofrecerle un mejor servicio. nosotros o nuestros proveedores de servicios podemos recopilar información personal (información que puede utilizarse para identificarlo como persona), como su nombre, correo electrónico, número de teléfono, dirección personal o información de pago (como un número de cuenta o de tarjeta de crédito). los tipos de información personal que recopilamos pueden variar según cómo usted utilice las características de las plataformas. por ejemplo, recopilaremos el número de su tarjeta de crédito y demás información relacionada con pagos cuando compra productos o servicios a través de las plataformas.también podemos recopilar información suministrada por usted sobre otras personas. por ejemplo, usted podría proporcionarnos el nombre y la dirección del destinatario de un regalo. cuando usted nos proporciona información personal sobre el destinatario pretendido de un envío, nosotros usamos esa información para propósitos de procesamiento del envío y en algunos casos, para comunicarnos con el destinatario pretendido para suministrarle información relacionada con el estado del envío. confiamos en usted para obtener el consentimiento de uso de la información personal del destinatario para estos propósitos limitados.información recopilada automáticamente.información de uso. cuando visita o interactúa con las plataformas, nosotros, además de terceros anunciantes o proveedores de servicios, podemos usar una variedad de tecnologías que recopilan información, de forma automática o pasiva, acerca de cómo se usan y se obtiene acceso a las plataformas ("información de uso"). la información de uso puede incluir el tipo de navegador, el tipo de dispositivo, el sistema operativo, la versión de la aplicación, la página servida, la hora, su ubicación geográfica, la visualización de páginas anteriores y el uso que usted hace de las características o las aplicaciones en las plataformas. esta información nos ayuda a mantener nuestras plataformas actualizadas y atractivas para nuestros visitantes y nos permite adaptar el contenido a los intereses de cada visitante.identificador de dispositivos. nosotros o nuestros proveedores de servicios recopilamos automáticamente su dirección ip u otro identificador exclusivo ("identificador de dispositivos") para el dispositivo (computadora, teléfono móvil, tableta u otro dispositivo) que usted usa para acceder a las plataformas. un identificador de dispositivos consiste en un número que se asigna a su dispositivo cuando usted obtiene acceso a un sitio web o a sus servidores y nuestras computadoras lo utilizan para identificarlo. podemos usar un identificador de dispositivos, entre otras cosas, para administrar las plataformas, ayudar a diagnosticar problemas con nuestros servidores, analizar tendencias, realizar un seguimiento de los movimientos de los usuarios en la página web, ayudar a identificarlo a usted y su carrito de compras y reunir amplia información demográfica para el uso agregado.cookies; etiquetas de píxel. las tecnologías que se usan en las plataformas para recopilar información de uso, incluyendo los identificadores de dispositivos, incluyen, entre otras: cookies (archivos de datos colocados en un dispositivo cuando se usa para visitar las plataformas), software de análisis móvil y etiquetas de píxel (imagen de gráfico transparente, a veces denominada "baliza web" o "baliza de seguimiento", colocada en una página web o correo electrónico, que indica que se ha visto una página o correo electrónico). además, se pueden usar cookies para asociarlo a usted con sitios de redes sociales, como facebook y twitter, y, si usted lo decide, habilitar la interacción entre sus actividades en las plataformas y sus actividades en dichas redes sociales. nosotros o nuestros proveedores podemos colocar cookies o archivos similares en su dispositivo por motivos de seguridad, para facilitar la navegación del sitio y personalizar su experiencia mientras visita nuestras plataformas (como permitirnos seleccionar qué anuncios u ofertas pueden atraerlo más, en función de sus intereses, preferencias, ubicación o información demográfica). una etiqueta de píxel puede indicarle a su navegador que obtenga contenido desde otro servidor.podemos utilizar cookies transitorias (que caducan una vez que cierra su navegador web) y cookies permanentes (que quedan en su dispositivo hasta que usted las elimina).si usted prefiere no aceptar cookies, la mayoría de los navegadores le permiten: (i) modificar las configuraciones de su navegador para notificarle cuando recibe una cookie, lo que le permite aceptarla o no; o (ii) configurar su navegador para que rechace automáticamente todas las cookies. sin embargo, tenga en cuenta que, si desactiva o rechaza las cookies, es posible que algunas características y servicios de nuestros sitios no funcionen adecuadamente porque quizás no podamos reconocerlo y asociarlo con su cuenta. aeo no responde a la configuración "do-not-track" de los navegadores web de los usuarios. puede visitar allaboutcookies.org para obtener más información sobre las cookies y datos útiles sobre cómo bloquearlas con distintos tipos de navegadores.para obtener más información sobre anuncios con cookies y cómo optar por no aceptar específicamente cookies de anuncios, consulte anuncios y luego cómo rechazarlos.2. cómo usamos la información que recopilamosusamos la información que recopilamos de y sobre usted para responder a sus preguntas y solicitudes; otorgarle acceso a determinadas áreas y características de las plataformas; verificar su identidad; entregar mercadería y servicios que compra en línea; comunicarnos con usted en relación con su cuenta y actividades en las plataformas; personalizar contenido, anuncios y ofertas para usted; mejorar las plataformas; cumplir con obligaciones de licencia; y para fines revelados al momento en que nos proporciona su información personal o, de otra manera, con su consentimiento. asimismo, podemos usar la información que recopilamos para administrar obsequios, concursos, programas de cumpleaños y promociones similares, y programas especiales de reconocimiento para clientes, como aerewards.3. intercambio de informaciónsalvo por lo aquí estipulado, no proporcionaremos información personal alguna a terceros sin su consentimiento. podemos compartir información no personal, como datos agregados e información de uso, con terceros. además, podemos compartir su información según lo revelado al momento en que nos proporciona su información, de acuerdo con lo establecido en esta política de privacidad y cookies y en las siguientes circunstancias:terceros que brindan servicios en nombre nuestro. podemos compartir su información personal con terceros que realizan tareas para nosotros, tales como proveedores de servicios que alojan u operan nuestras plataformas, analizan datos, procesan transacciones y pagos, completan pedidos de compras o brindan servicio al cliente; anunciantes; patrocinadores o demás terceros que administran o participan de nuestras promociones, concursos, sorteos, encuestas o proporcionan asistencia de marketing o promociones y socios de "tecnología de" o socios en sitios de marca compartida. también podemos usar o compartir su información personal con nuestras subsidiarias, afiliadas, patrocinadores, socios, anunciantes u otros terceros para brindarle información sobre productos e información promocional y otras ofertas. por ejemplo, synchrony bank administra un centro de crédito en línea. cuando visita el sitio web, synchrony bank recibe la información que proporciona con el fin de brindar asistencia a aeo para la administración y la gestión de la tarjeta de crédito de aeo. synchrony bank puede tener sus propias políticas que rigen el sitio cuando solicite una tarjeta de crédito.su aceptación de que se comparta su información personal. en nuestras plataformas, puede tener la oportunidad de optar por recibir información u ofertas de marketing de otra persona o, de otra manera, aceptar el intercambio de su información con un tercero, incluyendo sitios de redes sociales como facebook o twitter. si acepta el intercambio de su información personal, esta se revelará al tercero y estará sujeta a la política de privacidad y las prácticas comerciales de dicho tercero.business transfers. podemos compartir su información personal con otras entidades y nuestras afiliadas, principalmente para fines comerciales y operativos. en el supuesto de que aeo se vea involucrada en un proceso de quiebra, fusión, adquisición, concurso preventivo o venta de activos, es posible que se venda o transfiera su información como parte de la transacción.aviso legal. podemos transferir y revelar su información a terceros para cumplir con una obligación legal; cuando creemos, de buena fe, que las leyes o una autoridad gubernamental así lo requieren; para verificar o hacer cumplir nuestras condiciones de uso u otras políticas aplicables; para abordar problemas técnicos, de seguridad o fraude; para responder ante una emergencia; o por otro motivo para proteger nuestros derechos, bienes o seguridad contra terceros, visitantes de nuestras plataformas o el público.4. información que recibimos de tercerospodemos recibir información sobre usted por parte de terceros. por ejemplo, si usted está en otro sitio web y decide recibir información de aeo, dicho sitio web nos enviará su dirección de correo electrónico y demás información sobre usted para poder comunicarnos con usted según lo solicitado. también puede decidir participar en una aplicación o característica de un tercero (como una de nuestras aplicaciones de facebook o twitter, o una aplicación o característica similar en el sitio web de un tercero) a través de la cual usted nos permite recopilar (o que un tercero comparta) información sobre usted, incluyendo información de uso e información personal, tales como listas de sus amigos, "me gusta", comentarios que ha compartido, grupos y ubicación. los servicios como facebook connect le permiten decidir publicar información sobre sus actividades en nuestra plataforma en su página de perfil para compartirlas con otros integrantes de su red. asimismo, podemos recibir información sobre usted si otros usuarios de sitios web de terceros nos otorgan acceso a sus perfiles y usted es uno de sus "contactos" o si, de alguna manera, se puede acceder a información sobre usted a través de la página web, página de perfil o página similar de sus "contactos" en una red social u otro sitio web o servicio interactivo de terceros. podemos complementar la información que recopilamos sobre usted a través de las plataformas con dicha información de terceros a los fines de mejorar nuestro servicio, adaptar nuestro contenido a usted u ofrecerle oportunidades para comprar productos o servicios que creamos que pueden interesarle.5. su acceso, elección y derechos de privacidad.siempre puede indicarnos no compartir su información personal con terceros, no usar su información personal para proporcionarle información u ofertas o no enviarle boletines informativos, correos electrónicos ni demás comunicaciones al: (i) modificar su información de usuario registrada en las plataformas; (ii) enviarnos un correo electrónico a custserv@ae.com; (iii) comunicarse con nosotros por correo a american eagle outfitters, c/o customer relations, 77 hot metal st., pittsburgh, pa 15203 o (iv) seguir las instrucciones de cancelación en la comunicación que reciba. su solicitud para cancelar la suscripción se procesará dentro de los 30 días siguientes a la fecha de recepción.si desea modificar, verificar, corregir o eliminar alguna porción de su información personal recopilada a través de las plataformas, puede editar su información de usuario registrada o contactarnos mediante la dirección o el correo electrónico antes mencionados. de acuerdo con nuestro sistema de registros habitual, podemos eliminar ciertos registros que contienen información personal que ha proporcionado a través de las plataformas. no tenemos la obligación de almacenar dicha información personal indefinidamente y desconocemos toda responsabilidad que surja de la destrucción de dicha información personal o que se relacione con ella. es posible que no siempre se pueda quitar o eliminar por completo toda su información de nuestras bases de datos sin que queden algunos datos residuales por razones de copias de seguridad y otros motivos. retendremos y utilizaremos su información según sea necesario para cumplir nuestras obligaciones legales, resolver conflictos y exigir el cumplimiento de nuestros acuerdos. no ejercemos control sobre ciertas configuraciones y preferencias de privacidad que mantienen nuestros socios de redes sociales, como facebook y twitter. si desea realizar cambios a dichas configuraciones y preferencias, puede hacerlo visitando la página de configuraciones del sitio de la red social correspondiente.6. publicidad/marketing por comportamiento.podemos usar proveedores de redes de anuncios de terceros para ayudar a presentar anuncios en las plataformas, además de otros proveedores de servicios para evaluar y proporcionarnos información sobre el uso de las plataformas y la visualización de nuestro contenido. dichos proveedores pueden colocar y tener acceso a cookies, etiquetas de píxel o tecnologías similares en su dispositivo para brindarle anuncios o demás contenido adaptado a sus intereses, que pueden deducir a partir de su navegación en las plataformas y otros sitios que ha visitado. al hacerlo, el proveedor recopila o tiene acceso a información no personal, como su información de uso. el uso de cookies, etiquetas de píxel o tecnologías similares por parte de estos proveedores está sujeto a sus propias políticas de privacidad, no a la nuestra.7. niños.las plataformas no están dirigidas a niños menores de 13 años de edad. no recopilamos, usamos ni revelamos a sabiendas información que permita la identificación personal de niños menores de 13 años de edad. si durante la recopilación determinamos que el usuario es menor de esta edad, no usaremos ni conservaremos su información personal sin el consentimiento del progenitor o tutor. si descubrimos que hemos recopilado, sin saberlo, información que permite la identificación personal de un niño menor de 13 años de edad, haremos lo posible por eliminar dicha información de nuestros registros.8. programa de detección de robo de identidad y seguridad de su información.tomamos la seguridad de la información seriamente y empleamos ciertas medidas de seguridad razonables para ayudar a proteger su información personal.además, aeo cuenta con un programa (el "programa de banderas rojas") diseñado para cumplir con las reglas de bandera roja (red flag rules) dictadas por la comisión federal de comercio conforme a la ley de transacciones de crédito justas y exactas de 2003 (fair and accurate credit transactions act of 2003). de conformidad con el programa de banderas rojas, aeo ha identificado qué patrones, prácticas y tipos de actividades específicos son banderas rojas que indican un posible robo de identidad. en caso de que identifique una bandera roja, aeo seguirá el programa de manera estricta para garantizar la protección contra el robo de identidad. visite www.ftc.gov para conocer todos los detalles del programa.sin embargo, es imposible garantizar que la transmisión de datos electrónica o el almacenamiento de información sea 100 % segura. tenga en cuenta que no podemos asegurar ni garantizar la seguridad de la información que nos transmite, y usted usa las plataformas y nos proporciona su información a su propio riesgo. le recomendamos que tome sus propias medidas para proteger su información personal y evitar un robo de identidad.9. otros sitios.las plataformas pueden contener vínculos a otros sitios que no nos pertenecen ni operamos. esto incluye vínculos de anunciantes, patrocinadores o socios que pueden usar nuestro logotipo como parte de un acuerdo de marca compartida o marketing compartido. no controlamos, recomendamos ni aprobamos estos sitios ni su contenido, productos, servicios, prácticas o políticas de privacidad ni somos responsables de ellos. estos otros sitios pueden enviar sus propias cookies a su dispositivo, recopilar datos o solicitar información personal de forma independiente, y pueden o no tener sus propias políticas de privacidad publicadas. además, le recomendamos que evalúe, independientemente, la autenticidad de todo sitio que parezca o alegue ser una de nuestras plataformas (incluyendo los sitios vinculados a través de un correo electrónico o página de red social).las plataformas pueden poner a su disposición salas de chat, foros, tableros de mensajes y grupos de noticias. recuerde que toda información que usted revele en estas áreas se convierte en información pública y no está sujeta a las disposiciones de este política de privacidad.10. consentimiento al procesamiento y la transferencia de información.dado que somos una empresa internacional, nuestro uso de su información obligatoriamente implica la transmisión de datos a nivel internacional. si se encuentra en la unión europea, canadá o en cualquier otro lugar fuera de los estados unidos, tenga en cuenta que la información que recopilamos puede transferirse y procesarse en los estados unidos. al usar las plataformas o proporcionarnos información, usted da su consentimiento a la recopilación, procesamiento, mantenimiento y transferencia de dicha información dentro de los estados unidos y demás territorios aplicables en los que las leyes de privacidad pueden no ser equivalentes ni tan integrales como las del país en el que reside o del que es ciudadano.aeo y sus afiliadas y subsidiarias participan del marco de puerto seguro (safe harbor) con suiza y la unión europea, según lo establecido por el departamento de comercio de los ee. uu. respecto de la recopilación, el uso y la conservación de información personal de países miembros de la unión europea y suiza. aeo y sus afiliadas y subsidiarias han certificado que se adhieren a los principios de privacidad de puerto seguro respecto de la notificación, elección, transferencia, seguridad, integridad de datos, acceso y cumplimiento. para obtener más información sobre el programa de puerto seguro y ver nuestra página de certificación, visite http://www.export.gov/safeharbor/.en cumplimiento de los principios de puerto seguro con suiza y la unión europea, aeo se compromete a resolver los reclamos acerca de su privacidad y nuestra recopilación de uso de su información personal. en caso de tener reclamos relacionados con nuestro cumplimiento del puerto seguro, primero debe contactarse con nosotros (según lo que se establece a continuación). si al contactarse con nosotros no se resuelve su reclamo, puede elevar su queja ante el centro internacional de resolución de conflictos (international centre for dispute resolution, icdr)/asociación de arbitraje estadounidense (american arbitration association, aaa). visite su sitio web en http://go.adr.org/safeharbor/ para obtener información sobre la presentación correspondiente. si envía un fax o correo al icdr o a la aaa para presentar un reclamo, debe incluir la siguiente información: nuestro nombre, la supuesta violación de privacidad, su información de contacto y si desea que se compartan los detalles de su reclamo con nosotros. el proceso de resolución de conflictos del icdr o la aaa se llevará a cabo en inglés.11. cambios.podemos actualizar esta política de privacidad para reflejar las modificaciones a nuestras prácticas sobre información. podemos hacer cambios o adiciones a esta política de privacidad en cualquier momento y sin aviso previo, por lo tanto lo invitamos a revisar la información periódicamente.12. contáctenos.correosi no quiere recibir correos promocionales de aeo a través del servicio postal, envíe una carta con su declaración, nombre y dirección a custserv@ae.com o a nuestra dirección de correo que se muestra a continuación. también puede llamarnos al +1-888-232-4535.correos electrónicos+1-888-232-4535.si tiene preguntas sobre nuestra política de privacidad o si cree que aeo pudo haber fallado en alguno de los puntos de su política de privacidad, por favor llame a relaciones con clientes al +1-888-232-4535, escriba un correo electrónico a custserv@ae.com o envíenos una carta a:american eagle outfittersc/o customer relations77 hot metal streetpittsburgh, pa 15203attention: senior director of crmyou may also contact us in any one of the above ways to request access to or correction or update of your personal information.también puede contactarnos como se indica arriba para solicitar el acceso a su información personal, o a su corrección o actualización.si tiene preguntas específicas sobre su tarjeta de crédito aeo, puede comunicarse con el servicio al cliente de tarjetas de crédito aeo llamando al +1-800-843-0875 de 8:00 a.m. a 12 a.m. (est) de lunes a sábado, o de 9:00 a.m. a 10 p.m. (est) los domingos. también puede escribirnos a:american eagle outfitters credit cardp.o. box 530993atlanta ga, 30353-0993mensajes de marketing móvillos clientes pueden optar por recibir mensajes de texto de marketing directamente en sus dispositivos móviles. este programa es completamente voluntario y los mensajes solo se enviarán a los clientes que así lo hayan aceptado. si recibe por error un mensaje de texto de marketing sin haber elegido participar en el programa o si decide dejar de recibirlos, responda el mensaje de texto de la siguiente manera:para ae, envíe la palabra "stop" a eagle (32453)para aerie, envíe la palabra "stop" a eagle (23743)para obtener ayuda adicional referente a su suscripción al programa de marketing por teléfono móvil de ae, envíe "help" al 32453; para el programa de marketing por teléfono móvil de aerie, envíe "help" al 23743.pueden ser aplicadas las tarifas para mensajes y datos. consulte el acuerdo de servicio inalámbrico aplicable para su plan de precios individual.al suscribirse, está aceptando recibir mensajes de marketing móvil de american eagle outfitters/aerie al número móvil que haya proporcionado. usted acepta que los mensajes pueden enviarse mediante el marcado automático u otra tecnología automática. usted acepta que no se requiere su consentimiento como condición para comprar productos o servicios. recibirá hasta dos mensajes por semana por cada suscripción. la información que proporcione se tratará de conformidad con nuestra política de privacidad. © aeo management co. help topicscontact uscall uswrite usemail uschat usorders + returnstrack orderreturn policiesshipping + handlingpricing + taxes/dutiespayment optionsmy account + aeo rewardsprogram infopointsrewardsterms & conditionsmy accountaeo credit cardsaccount detailspay my billemails + textsemailstextssize chartswomen'smen'saerietailgateproduct care symbolsamerican care labelingeuropean care labelingjapanese care labelingmexico care labelinglegalprivacy noticescalifornia disclosuresgeneral notice of compliance - aodaterms of useaeo brand protection gift cards give them what they really want. aeo rewards earn up to 40% off at aeo & aerie. aeo credit cards get 15% off your first purchase. pay bill | apply now mobile app shop & get exclusive deals right from your phone. reserve, try & buy we'll hold the styles you love for you in store. blog: aeo | aerie style tips, diy ideas & more. store locator track order email sign up mobile alert sign up free 2-day shipping investors aeo better world careers press room site map have a question? call us: 1.888.232.4535 help return policy email us feedback follow us #aeostyle #aeriereal terms of use california disclosures privacy notices brand protection affiliate program © 2017 aeo management co. all rights reserved. gift cards aeo credit cards pay bill apply now card benefits reserve, try & buy stay in the know email sign up mobile alert sign up download our app about aeo investors aeo better world careers press room site map have a question? call us: 1.888.232.4535 help return policy email us feedback privacy notices privacy notices terms of use california disclosures brand protection #aeostyle #aeriereal blog: aeo | aerie © 2017 aeo management co. all rights reserved.