来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20181231062757/https://www.ae.com/content/help/terms-of-use?navdetail=footer:c5:p4
================================================================================

american eagle outfitters men's & women's clothing, shoes & accessories home × shop women women home featured new arrivals best sellers online only gifts for her brands we love ae x me true you sizing the soft shop tops view all sweaters & cardigans hoodies & sweatshirts flannels & plaid shirts shirts & blouses t shirts tank tops graphic tees crop tops bodysuits kimonos the basics jeans bottoms view all jeans joggers & sweatpants pants soft pants skirts shorts leggings overalls aerie pajama pants tailgate college sweatpants jackets & coats dresses view all sweater dresses jumpsuits shift dresses rompers maxi dresses denim dresses shirt dresses aerie dresses & jumpsuits jumpsuits & rompers don't ask why view all tops dresses & rompers bottoms perfume & beauty accessories & socks view all winter accessories socks jewelry scarves hats hair accessories bags & backpacks belts sweater leggings kimonos tights sunglasses shoes view all boots slippers flats & mules clogs sneakers sandals heels & wedges brands we love gifts & tech apartment view all dormify bedding room decor desk accessories tech party supplies kitchen decor bathroom decor clearance gift cards bras bralettes undies tops bottoms dresses & jumpsuits sleepwear swimsuits socks accessories & shoes perfume & beauty nba view all atlanta hawks boston celtics brooklyn nets charlotte hornets chicago bulls cleveland cavaliers dallas mavericks denver nuggets detroit pistons golden state warriors houston rockets indiana pacers la clippers los angeles lakers memphis grizzlies miami heat milwaukee bucks minnesota timberwolves new orleans pelicans new york knicks oklahoma city thunder orlando magic philadelphia 76ers phoenix suns portland trail blazers sacramento kings san antonio spurs utah jazz washington wizards college view all alabama crimson tide arizona state sun devils arkansas razorbacks auburn tigers cal bears clemson tigers colorado buffaloes florida gators florida state seminoles georgia bulldogs illinois fighting illini indiana hoosiers iowa hawkeyes iowa state cyclones kansas jayhawks kentucky wildcats louisville cardinals lsu tigers maryland terrapins miami hurricanes michigan wolverines michigan state spartans minnesota golden gophers missouri tigers nebraska cornhuskers notre dame fighting irish nyu violets ohio state buckeyes oklahoma sooners oklahoma state cowboys oregon ducks penn state nittany lions pitt panthers south carolina gamecocks stanford cardinal syracuse orange tennessee volunteers texas tech red raiders ucla bruins uconn huskies unc tar heels virginia cavaliers virginia tech hokies washington huskies wisconsin badgers wvu mountaineers mlb view all arizona diamondbacks atlanta braves baltimore orioles boston red sox chicago cubs chicago white sox colorado rockies detroit tigers los angeles angels miami marlins milwaukee brewers minnesota twins new york mets new york yankees oakland athletics philadelphia phillies pittsburgh pirates san diego padres san francisco giants seattle mariners tampa bay rays texas rangers washington nationals great outdoors vintage americana speakeasy for a cause city pride view all atlanta chicago dallas new york city men men home featured new arrivals best sellers online only gifts for him brands we love ae x me true you sizing matching sets tops view all hoodies & sweatshirts sweaters flannels shirts t shirts graphic tees polo shirts the basics jeans bottoms view all jeans joggers & sweatpants pants performance leggings pajama pants shorts swim & board shorts tailgate college sweatpants jackets & coats underwear view all boxer shorts boxer briefs trunk underwear briefs performance leggings multipack underwear loungewear shoes view all slippers boots sneakers casual shoes slide sandals & flip flops brands we love accessories & socks view all winter accessories belts socks watches jewelry bags & wallets hats sunglasses tech accessories cologne & grooming gifts & tech apartment clearance gift cards nba view all atlanta hawks boston celtics brooklyn nets charlotte hornets chicago bulls cleveland cavaliers dallas mavericks denver nuggets detroit pistons golden state warriors houston rockets indiana pacers la clippers los angeles lakers memphis grizzlies miami heat milwaukee bucks minnesota timberwolves new orleans pelicans new york knicks oklahoma city thunder orlando magic philadelphia 76ers phoenix suns portland trail blazers sacramento kings san antonio spurs utah jazz washington wizards college view all alabama crimson tide arizona state sun devils arkansas razorbacks auburn tigers cal bears clemson tigers colorado buffaloes florida gators florida state seminoles georgia bulldogs illinois fighting illini indiana hoosiers iowa hawkeyes iowa state cyclones kansas jayhawks kentucky wildcats louisville cardinals lsu tigers maryland terrapins miami hurricanes michigan wolverines michigan state spartans minnesota golden gophers missouri tigers nebraska cornhuskers notre dame fighting irish nyu violets ohio state buckeyes oklahoma sooners oklahoma state cowboys oregon ducks penn state nittany lions pitt panthers south carolina gamecocks stanford cardinal syracuse orange tennessee volunteers texas tech red raiders ucla bruins uconn huskies unc tar heels virginia cavaliers virginia tech hokies washington huskies wisconsin badgers wvu mountaineers mlb view all arizona diamondbacks atlanta braves baltimore orioles boston red sox chicago cubs chicago white sox colorado rockies detroit tigers los angeles angels miami marlins milwaukee brewers minnesota twins new york mets new york yankees oakland athletics philadelphia phillies pittsburgh pirates san diego padres san francisco giants seattle mariners tampa bay rays texas rangers washington nationals great outdoors vintage americana speakeasy for a cause gearhead city pride view all atlanta chicago dallas new york city philadelphia jeans jeans home women's jeans view all jegging high waisted jeans cropped jeans skinny jeans high waisted girlfriend jeans mom jeans tomgirl jeans bootcut jeans flare jeans favorite boyfriend jeans wide leg jeans overalls men's jeans view all skinny jeans slim fit jeans tapered jeans straight jeans bootcut jeans relaxed fit jeans loose fit jeans baggy jeans women's jean trends view all ne(x)t level stretch ripped jeans moto jeans patched jeans light wash jeans medium wash jeans dark wash jeans acid wash jeans black jeans colored jeans non stretch jeans men's jean trends view all ne(x)t level flex ripped jeans patched jeans light wash jeans medium wash jeans dark wash jeans black jeans non stretch jeans selvedge jeans aerie aerie home featured new arrivals fave holiday gifts pj mix & match best sellers online only everyday basics new looks we love chill. play. move. leggings real you sizing #aeriereal #aeriesupports give real pop-up tour bras view all push up bras lightly lined bras unlined bras bralettes wireless bras sports bras strapless bras t-shirt bras racerback bras backless bras 50% off bras & bralettes bralettes view all racerback bralettes classic bralettes strappy bralettes padded bralettes real me bralettes high neck bralettes halter bralettes longline bralettes bandeaus sports bras undies view all boybrief undies high waisted undies thong undies cheeky undies bikini undies boyshort undies cotton undies lace undies seamless undies all undies 10 for $35 usd tops view all sweaters hoodies & sweatshirts t-shirts sleep shirts tank tops turtlenecks shirts bottoms view all pajama pants leggings & yoga pants sweatpants boxers shorts sleepwear dresses & jumpsuits swimsuits view all bikini tops bikini bottoms one piece swimsuits bikini mix & match swimsuit cover ups accessories now trending: sporty swim clearance socks & tights accessories & shoes view all scarves & kimonos hats hair accessories mittens & gloves socks & tights gifts jewelry sleep accessories sunglasses bags swim accessories winter accessories shoes perfume & beauty view all perfume bath & body skin care make up & beauty accessories wellness hair clearance gift cards bras bras home bras view all push up bras lightly lined bras unlined bras bralettes wireless bras sports bras strapless bras t-shirt bras racerback bras backless bras 50% off bras & bralettes bralettes view all racerback bralettes classic bralettes strappy bralettes padded bralettes real me bralettes high neck bralettes halter bralettes longline bralettes bandeaus sports bras shop by coverage view all demi bras plunge bras full coverage bras shop by collection view all real happy collection real sunnie collection real me collection real power collection featured new arrivals online only bra guide real you sizing #aeriereal 50% off bras & bralettes clearance swimsuits swimsuits home aerie swimsuits view all bikini tops bikini bottoms one piece swimsuits bikini mix & match swimsuit cover ups accessories now trending: sporty swim clearance women's accessories view all sunglasses hair accessories slide sandals & flip flops beach bags pool accessories men's swim shorts view all board shorts swim trunks men's accessories view all sunglasses hats tailgate tailgate home collections view all great outdoors vintage americana speakeasy for a cause gearhead city pride fan gear nba college college bowl games mlb women's tailgate view all t-shirts tank tops hoodies & sweatshirts jackets shorts sweatpants accessories clearance men's tailgate view all t-shirts half zips hoodies & sweatshirts jackets shorts sweatpants accessories clearance gifts gifts home ae + aerie gifts ae gifts for her ae gifts for him aerie gifts stocking stuffers view all treat yo' feet cold weather accessories tech & gadgets toys & games let it glow scents & self-care holiday underwear all of the jewelry american beagle outfitters gift cards view all gift cards egift cards clearance clearance home women's clearance view all tops jeans bottoms dresses & rompers shoes accessories gifts apartment & tech fragrance & beauty men's clearance view all tops jeans bottoms underwear shoes accessories aerie clearance view all tops bottoms sleepwear dresses & rompers bras & bralettes undies $3.99 usd swimsuits accessories beauty tailgate clearance view all women's men's ×detailstake an additional 10% off your purchase with code: hollyjollyoffer valid beginning december 14, 2018 at 6:00 am est for a limited time only, at ae.com® or aerie.com®. offer valid for u.s. and canada customers only. take an additional 10% off your ae®, aerie®, or tailgate® purchase. you must enter the discount code hollyjolly in the ae.com or aerie.com® shopping bag to receive the discount. offer not valid on aerie undies, aeo apt, american beagle or gift cards. excludes 3rd party merchandise. this discount offer cannot be combined with other discount codes. discount applies to merchandise after discount costs only, not tax and shipping & handling costs. this discount is not redeemable for cash, nor is it applicable toward previously purchased merchandise. all prices and/or promotions at ae.com or aerie.com® are reflected in usd.© 2018 aeo management co. all rights reserved.free shipping on the collectionbeginning december 14, 2018 at 6:00am est for a limited time only, receive free shipping valid for orders shipping to u.s. addresses only with an ae®, aerie® or tailgate® collection purchase at ae.com® or aerie.com®. offer not valid on clearance merchandise. this offer is good for u.s. standard shipping within 3 to 7 business days pending credit approval and authorization. offer is valid on tailgate orders shipping to u.s. addresses only. offer not valid on canada or international orders. this free shipping offer can be combined with other discount offers. not applicable toward previously purchased merchandise. all deliveries are pending credit approval and merchandise availability. deliveries may be delayed due to carrier issues or weather conditions. no discount code is required at ae.com or aerie.com. shipping outside of u.s. available on select 3rd party merchandise. free shipping promotion and associated terms & conditions subject to change at aeo's sole discretion.© 2018 aeo management co. all rights reserved.take an additional 10% off + free shipping! use code: hollyjolly shop women | shop men | shop aerie | details american eagle outfitters aerie search account favorites checkout women women ae tops jeans bottoms jackets & coats dresses jumpsuits & rompers don't ask why perfume & beauty accessories & socks shoes gifts & tech apartment clearance gift cards aerie bras bralettes undies tops bottoms dresses & jumpsuits sleepwear swimsuits socks accessories & shoes perfume & beauty tailgate nba college mlb great outdoors vintage americana speakeasy for a cause city pride featured new arrivals best sellers online only gifts for her brands we love ae x me true you sizing the soft shop ×details© 2018 aeo management co. all rights reserved.want an extra 20% off? refer a friend men men ae tops jeans bottoms jackets & coats underwear loungewear shoes accessories & socks cologne & grooming gifts & tech apartment clearance gift cards tailgate nba college mlb great outdoors vintage americana speakeasy for a cause gearhead city pride featured new arrivals best sellers online only gifts for him brands we love ae x me true you sizing matching sets ×details© 2018 aeo management co. all rights reserved.want an extra 20% off? refer a friend jeans jeans women's jeans jegging high waisted jeans cropped jeans skinny jeans high waisted girlfriend jeans mom jeans tomgirl jeans bootcut jeans flare jeans favorite boyfriend jeans wide leg jeans overalls men's jeans skinny jeans slim fit jeans tapered jeans straight jeans bootcut jeans relaxed fit jeans loose fit jeans baggy jeans women's jean trends ne(x)t level stretch ripped jeans moto jeans patched jeans light wash jeans medium wash jeans dark wash jeans acid wash jeans black jeans colored jeans non stretch jeans men's jean trends ne(x)t level flex ripped jeans patched jeans light wash jeans medium wash jeans dark wash jeans black jeans non stretch jeans selvedge jeans ×details© 2018 aeo management co. all rights reserved.want an extra 20% off? refer a friend aerie aerie aerie bras bralettes undies tops bottoms sleepwear dresses & jumpsuits swimsuits socks & tights accessories & shoes perfume & beauty clearance gift cards featured new arrivals fave holiday gifts pj mix & match best sellers online only everyday basics new looks we love chill. play. move. leggings real you sizing #aeriereal #aeriesupports give real pop-up tour ×details© 2018 aeo management co. all rights reserved.want an extra 20% off? refer a friend bras bras bras push up bras lightly lined bras unlined bras bralettes wireless bras sports bras strapless bras t-shirt bras racerback bras backless bras 50% off bras & bralettes bralettes racerback bralettes classic bralettes strappy bralettes padded bralettes real me bralettes high neck bralettes halter bralettes longline bralettes bandeaus sports bras shop by coverage demi bras plunge bras full coverage bras shop by collection real happy collection real sunnie collection real me collection real power collection featured new arrivals online only bra guide real you sizing #aeriereal 50% off bras & bralettes clearance ×details© 2018 aeo management co. all rights reserved.want an extra 20% off? refer a friend swimsuits swimsuits aerie swimsuits bikini tops bikini bottoms one piece swimsuits bikini mix & match swimsuit cover ups accessories now trending: sporty swim clearance women's accessories sunglasses hair accessories slide sandals & flip flops beach bags pool accessories men's swim shorts board shorts swim trunks men's accessories sunglasses hats ×details© 2018 aeo management co. all rights reserved.want an extra 20% off? refer a friend tailgate tailgate collections great outdoors vintage americana speakeasy for a cause gearhead city pride fan gear nba college college bowl games mlb women's tailgate t-shirts tank tops hoodies & sweatshirts jackets shorts sweatpants accessories clearance men's tailgate t-shirts half zips hoodies & sweatshirts jackets shorts sweatpants accessories clearance ×details© 2018 aeo management co. all rights reserved.want an extra 20% off? refer a friend gifts gifts ae + aerie gifts ae gifts for her ae gifts for him aerie gifts stocking stuffers treat yo' feet cold weather accessories tech & gadgets toys & games let it glow scents & self-care holiday underwear all of the jewelry american beagle outfitters gift cards gift cards egift cards ×details© 2018 aeo management co. all rights reserved.want an extra 20% off? refer a friend clearance clearance women's clearance tops jeans bottoms dresses & rompers shoes accessories gifts apartment & tech fragrance & beauty men's clearance tops jeans bottoms underwear shoes accessories aerie clearance tops bottoms sleepwear dresses & rompers bras & bralettes undies $3.99 usd swimsuits accessories beauty tailgate clearance women's men's ×details© 2018 aeo management co. all rights reserved.want an extra 20% off? refer a friend terms of usewant to chat? we're here for you! 1-888-232-4535call us email us live chat north american terms of uselast updated: october 18, 2018 welcome to american eagle outfitter's website (this "site"). this site is offered as a service to our customers. american eagle outfitters, our subsidiaries and our affiliates (collectively "aeo," ("we," "us," or "our") appreciate your interest in aeo and your visit to this site. the following terms of use (these "terms") set forth the basic rules that govern your use of this site and your generated or provided content. this site includes all affiliated sites, mobile apps, and social media pages. section 22 of these terms contains a binding arbitration agreement and class action waiver that waive your right to a court hearing or jury trial. 1. introduction; conditions; age requirements.please read these terms carefully before using this site. they govern your use of this site. if you do not agree to the terms stated below, you may not use this site. your use of this site constitutes your knowledge, understanding, and acceptance of the terms, and your agreement to be bound by the terms. we will post a notification on this site in the event of any material changes to these terms. such changes, whether in the form of modifications, additions, or deletions, shall be effective when specified in the relevant notification or, if the change is immaterial, immediately upon appearing on this site. please check these terms periodically for changes. your continued use of this site following our posting of any changes to these terms means that you accept those changes. without limitation to the foregoing, this provision does not apply in new jersey. age requirements for general use: registration and participation on this site is restricted to those individuals that are at least the age of majority in their state of residence and are fully able and competent to enter into the terms, conditions, obligations, affirmations, representations and warranties herein. by registering or participating in services or functions on this site, you hereby represent that you are the age of majority in your state of residence. if you are not of age, then you may use this site only if your legal parent or guardian has accepted these terms on your behalf and consented to your use. age requirements for purchases: you must be at least the age of majority in your state of residence and fully able and competent to enter into the terms, conditions, obligations, affirmations, representations and warranties herein, in order to purchase products on this site. by placing an order, you represent and certify that are legally able to enter into any and all purchase agreements with us and our partners, vendors, agents, and service providers. children’s privacy: we are a general audience site and do not direct any of our content specifically at children under 13 years of age. by using this site, you affirm that you are at least 13 years of age. if you are under 13 years of age, do not use this site. we understand and respect the sensitive nature of children’s privacy online. if we learn or have reason to suspect that a site user is not at least 13 years of age, we will promptly delete any personal information in that user’s account 2. intellectual property; site content.when accessing this site, you agree to obey the law and to respect the intellectual property rights of others. you agree that you shall be solely responsible for any violations of any relevant laws and for any infringement of third-party rights caused by any user content (defined below) that you provide or transmit to us. specifically, the trademarks, trade names, trade dress, logos, domain names, and service marks (collectively, the "trademarks") displayed on this site are the registered and/or unregistered trademarks of aeo, or such third party that may own the displayed trademarks. nothing contained on this site or in these terms serves to grant to you, by implication or otherwise, any license or right to use any trademarks displayed on this site without the written permission of aeo or such third party that may own the displayed trademarks. the text, trademarks, logos, images, graphics, photos, video files, application functionality, or any other digital media, and their arrangement on this site ("content") are all subject to patent, copyright, trademark and other intellectual property protection. content may not be copied for commercial use or distribution, nor may content be modified, processed, or reposted to other websites. access to and use of this site are solely for your purchase/use of aeo products and/or services for personal use, information, education, entertainment, and communication with aeo. you may download, copy or print the content of this site for your personal, non-commercial use only. no right, title or interest in any of the content of this site is transferred to you as a result of any downloading, copying, printing or use of this site. except as expressly provided herein, you may not modify, create derivative works, copy, redistribute, publish, transmit, display or in any way exploit any content or material from this site without express written permission from us and, if applicable, the respective copyright owner. you acknowledge that you do not acquire any ownership rights by using, downloading or printing copyrighted material. 3. user comments and other submissions.while aeo desires to receive feedback from its customers, please do not send aeo any unsolicited creative or original concepts, ideas, materials or products, confidential or proprietary information, or the like ("submission(s)"). if received, aeo is under no obligation to use or compensate you for your submissions. aeo will not respond to you regarding your submissions, and your submissions will not be returned to you and will not be treated as confidential information. 4. license to user content.we may provide you with the opportunity to submit, post, or display content, such as photos, images, text, materials, information, data, opinions, messages, notes, graphics, designs, social media posts or other social media assets, or any other content ("user content"). you can do this either: (i) by uploading user content directly to this site; (ii) by responding #yesae or #yesaerie to our request for the right to use the user content you post on instagram or twitter; (iii) or by sending us or otherwise permitting us to use user content through any other means (collectively "submitting"). by submitting user content, you automatically grant to aeo, its assigns, licensees, and its third-party service providers (collectively, the "licensed parties") a perpetual, worldwide, unlimited, irrevocable, transferable, assignable, royalty-free, fully paid-up license to use that user content and your image, likeness, username, social media handle, real name, caption, location or other identifying information in connection with your user content, in any manner in the licensed parties’ sole discretion, with no obligation to you whatsoever, for any lawful purpose, including, but not limited to, any commercial advertising/marketing, in any manner or media now or later developed, offline and online, including, without limitation, the right to display, reproduce, modify, translate, create derivative works, distribute, assign, commercialize, and sub-license that user content to third parties for their lawful uses and purposes. licensed parties are not obligated to feature, post or otherwise use any user content, or to exercise any rights granted herein, but may do so at their sole discretion. by submitting user content, you represent and warrant that: (i) you own or control unencumbered, transferable rights to your user content; (ii) you have permission from all persons appearing in your user content to allow you to provide the photo or video image of such persons as part of your user content to the license parties for commercial use; (iii) licensed parties’ use of the your user content will not violate or infringe any law or the rights of any third party; and (iv) that you have reached the legal age of majority in your jurisdiction of residence. if your user content shows a child that is under the age of majority in their state of residence, you represent and warrant that either you are the parent or legal guardian of such child or that you have written permission from the child's parent or legal guardian to provide the photo or video image as part of your user content to the licensed parties for commercial use. by submitting user content, you hereby release, discharge and agree to hold licensed parties and any person acting on behalf of licensed parties from all actions, claims, damages, liabilities, costs and expenses arising out of the use by licensed parties of the user content. by submitting user content, you hereby release and discharge licensed parties from any and all obligation to pay you for any use of your user content and any of the intellectual property and publicity rights contained therein. please note: if you delete your #yesae or #yesaerie approval post, or otherwise delete your user content, your agreement to these terms (including the rights and license grant to suchuser content) will remain in effect. 5. no endorsement or liability for user-generated or third-party content.although third-party content and user content may be posted on this site, these postings do not constitute aeo's endorsement. aeo is not responsible or liable for any claim, including, without limitation, loss or injury to real, tangible, or intellectual property, violations of personal privacy or privacy rights, actual, consequential or punitive damages, personal injury, or wrongful death in connection with third-party content or the user content. 6. third-party links.third-party links on this site may direct you to third-party websites ("third-party sites") that are not affiliated with aeo or that may be located in different countries, and those websites and the products sold on those websites are likely to be subject to the originating country's regulatory or product safety requirements. these third-party sites and store locations are only for your convenience and therefore you access them at your own risk. we have not reviewed all of the third-party sites linked to this site and are not responsible for the content of or any products or services offered on such third-party sites, and aeo is therefore not liable for any harm or damages related to the purchase or use of goods, services, resources, content, or any other transactions made in connection with any third-party sites ("third-party products"). complaints, claims, concerns, or questions regarding third-party products should be directed to the third party. also, access to participating retailers does not constitute an endorsement by us or any of our subsidiaries or affiliates of any retailers, or the resources, products, or services offered by them. we have no responsibility or liability for these third-party site’s independent policies or actions and are not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such third-party sites or retailers. please review carefully the third party's policies and practices and make sure you understand them before you engage in any transaction. for avoidance of doubt, if we provide links to social media platforms, such as facebook or twitter, and you choose to visit those websites through our links, please note that the personal information you post, transmit or otherwise make available on those websites may be viewed by the general public. we do not control user-posted content on social media sites and are not responsible for any third-party use of your personal information that you have posted, transmitted or otherwise made available there. 7. copyrights; dmca; copyright agent.you agree that we have the right, but not the obligation, to monitor, edit, disclose, refuse to post, or remove at any time, for any reason in our sole discretion, any material and content anywhere on this site. notwithstanding this right, we do not and cannot review all materials submitted to this site. if notified, we may investigate an allegation that content transmitted to us is in violation of these terms and determine whether to have the communication removed. however, we are under no obligation to remove content and assume no responsibility or liability arising from or relating to any actions or content transmitted by or between you or any third party within or outside of this site, including, but not limited to, any error, defamation, libel, slander, omission, falsehood, obscenity, pornography, profanity, danger, or inaccuracy contained therein. we may, in appropriate circumstances and at our sole discretion, terminate the access of users who infringe the copyright rights of others. pursuant to our rights under the digital millennium copyright act ("dmca"), 17 u.s.c. § 512, we have designated a copyright agent to receive copyright infringement notices for claims of infringement related to materials found on this site. our copyright agent is: american eagle outfitters, inc. attention: alexander walsh re: dmca complaint 77 hot metal street pittsburgh, pennsylvania, 15203 email: copyrightalert@ae.com telephone: (412) 432-3300 to be effective, your infringement notification must include the following:  a physical or electronic signature of a person authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed; identification of the copyrighted work claimed to have been infringed, or, if multiple copyrighted works at a single online site are covered by a single notification, a representative list of such works at that site; identification of the material or content that is claimed to be infringing or to be the subject of infringing activity and that is to be removed or have access disabled, and information reasonably sufficient to permit us to locate the material; information reasonably sufficient to permit us to contact you, including address, telephone number and email address where you may be contacted; a statement that you have a good faith belief that use of the material in the manner complained of is not authorized by you, your agent, or the law (e.g. i have a good faith belief that use of the material in the manner complained of is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law"); and a statement that the information in the notification is accurate, and, under penalty of perjury, that you are authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed (e.g. "the information in this notification is accurate, and under penalty of perjury, i swear that i am the copyright owner or that i am authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed."). upon receipt of the written notification containing the information as outlined above:  aeo will remove or disable access to the content that is alleged to be infringing; aeo will forward the written notification to the alleged infringer; and aeo will take reasonable steps to promptly notify the alleged infringer that we have removed or disabled access to the content. 8. dmca infringement counter notification.pursuant to the dmca, after the alleged infringer receives a notice of infringement from aeo, the alleged infringer will have the opportunity to respond to aeo with a counter notification ("counter notification"). to be effective, a counter notification must be a written communication provided to aeo's designated copyright agent, and must include the following:  a physical or electronic signature of the subscriber; identification of the material that has been removed or to which access has been disabled and the location at which the material appeared before it was removed or access disabled; a statement that under penalty of perjury that the material was removed by mistake or misidentification (e.g. "i swear under penalty of perjury that it is my good faith belief that the material identified above was removed or disabled as a result of mistake or misidentification of the material to be removed or disabled"); and the subscriber's name, address, and telephone number, and a statement that the subscriber consents to the jurisdiction of the federal district court for the judicial district in which the subscriber address is located, or if the subscriber's address is outside of the united states, or any judicial district in which aeo may be found, and that the subscriber will accept service of process from the person who provided notification or an agent of such person. upon the copyright agent's receipt of a counter notification containing the information as outlined above, the dmca provides that the removed material will be restored or access re-enabled and we will comply with this requirement as required by law, provided that the designated agent has not received notice from the original complaining party that an action has been filed seeking a court order to restrain the subscriber from engaging in infringing activity relating to the material on our network. 9. prohibited uses.solely for personal use: you may browse this site and all associated content solely for your personal use and enjoyment. this site or any portion of this site may not be reproduced, duplicated, copied, sold, resold, visited, or otherwise exploited for any commercial purpose without our express written consent. accuracy of information as condition to site access: to access parts of this site or some of the resources it offers, you may be asked to provide certain, sometimes personal, information. it is a condition of your use of this site that all the information you provide on this site is correct, current and complete. restricted transmission: you agree not to use any device, software or routine to interfere with the proper functioning of this site. in using this site, you may not:  transmit any unlawful, threatening, abusive, libelous, defamatory, obscene, vulgar, pornographic, profane or indecent information of any kind, including images and language; transmit any message that constitutes, or encourages or incites conduct that would constitute, a criminal offense or gives rise to civil liability; transmit or solicit any information, software or other material which violates or infringes upon the rights of others, including material which is an invasion of privacy or publicity rights or which is protected by copyright, trademark or other proprietary right, or derivative works with respect thereto, without first obtaining permission from the owner or right holder; transmit any information, software or other material which contains or delivers a virus or other harmful component; use any software, tool, data, device or other mechanism to navigate or search this site other than a generally available browser; use any software, tool, data, device or other mechanism to “scrape” or otherwise compile data on this site; frame or utilize framing techniques to enclose any aspect of this site, including any trademark, logo, or other proprietary information (including, but not limited to, images, text, page layout, or form) without our express written consent; or use any metatags or any other "hidden text" utilizing our name or trademarks without our express written consent. other restrictions: additionally, you are prohibited from violating or attempting to violate any security features of this site, including, without limitation:  accessing content or data not intended for you or logging onto a server that you are not authorized to access; attempting to probe, scan, or test the vulnerability of this site, or any associated system or network, or to breach security or authentication measures without proper authorization; interfering or attempting to interfere with service to any visitor, host, or network, including, without limitation, by means of submitting a virus to this site, overloading, "flooding, " "spamming, " "mail bombing," or "crashing"; using this site to send unsolicited communications, including, without limitation, promotions, or advertisements for products or services; forging any tcp/ip packet header or any part of the header information in any e-mail or in any posting; or attempting to modify, reverse-engineer, decompile, disassemble, or otherwise reduce or attempt to reduce to a human-perceivable form any of the source code used by us in providing this site. any violation of system or network security may subject you to civil and/or criminal liability. 10. registration, accounts and passwords.you must treat your username, password, and any other piece of information required as part of our security procedures as confidential, and you must not disclose the foregoing to any other person or entity. you also acknowledge that your account is personal to you and agree not to provide any other person with access to this site or portions of it using your user name, password or other security information. you agree to notify us immediately of any unauthorized access to or use of your user name or password or any other breach of security, including, but not limited to, if you lose your user name or password. you agree to be responsible for any use of this site or portions of it using your username, password or other security information. you also agree to ensure that you exit from your account at the end of each session. you should use particular caution when accessing your account from a public or shared computer so that others are not able to view or record your password or other personal information. we have the right to disable any user name or password whether chosen by you or provided by us, at any time if you have violated any provision of these terms. 11. site updates.aeo undertakes no obligation to update, amend or clarify information on this site, including without limitation, pricing information, except as required by law. no specified update or refresh date applied on this site should be taken to indicate that all information on this site has been modified or updated. please remember when reviewing information on this site that such information may not represent the complete information available on a subject. in addition, subsequent events or changes in circumstances may cause existing information on this site to become inaccurate or incomplete. 12. shopping online; product and pricing information.in order to shop on this site, simply select the product you want to purchase, the desired quantity, and click “add to bag.” when you’ve completed shopping, click the “checkout” button and follow the instructions to checkout and complete your order. please note that you may change the contents or edit the quantities of items in your shopping cart until you click “place order”, after which your order will be processed. after submitting your order, if accepted, a confirmation page will be displayed and your order number will be provided. you will also receive an email confirmation shortly after your order has been submitted. if your email confirmation does not arrive within 48 hours after you have placed your order, please contact us via e-mail for assistance. you may track your order by using your tracking number included in your shipping confirmation e-mail. on occasion, information on this site may contain errors, including, without limitation, typographical errors, inaccuracies, or omissions related to product availability, special offers, product promotions, pricing information, product descriptions, or product shipping charges and transit times. aeo reserves the right to, at any time and without prior notice, correct any errors, inaccuracies or omissions and to change or update information or cancel orders if any information on this site is inaccurate (including after you have submitted your order). products offered through this site are offered subject to availability. while we do our best to ensure that product and pricing information is current and complete, we are not liable for inaccurate information or for any information that has been omitted or is out of date. prices for products and services are quoted in us dollars. we may, from time to time, offer promotions for shipping and other discounts on purchases. we reserve the right to suspend any such promotions, update product information, change prices and adjust shipping and handling fees at any time without notice. furthermore, we reserve the right to change, limit, refuse, or cancel any order you place with us in our sole discretion. in the event we make a change to or cancel an order, we will attempt to notify you by contacting the e-mail and/or billing address/phone number provided at the time the order was made. by entering into any transaction through this site, you warrant and represent that all information you provide is true and correct (including, without limitation your credit card information and billing address), that any credit card transactions submitted by you are authorized, and that you are the legal holder of any credit card or payment account used to enter into any transaction through this site. if, in our sole discretion, we determine that (i) your means of payment is not valid, (ii) a transaction is not authorized, (iii) your means of payment cannot be processed or verified at the time of any charge, (iv) a charge is disputed for any reason other than failure by us to deliver the product purchased by you, (v) you have abused or misused promotions or promotion codes, or (vi) you have otherwise used this site to enter into an improper transaction, we reserve the right to immediately terminate any pending transactions, suspend your access to this site, and terminate all of our obligations hereunder. if you have any questions or concerns when placing an order or if you wish to inquire about a previously placed order, please email us at custserv@ae.com using your order number. usage of coupon codes/discount codes: limited one (1) time use per coupon and/or discount code per customer. discounts will be applied at checkout. online offers have no cash value and are not redeemable for cash. not valid on previous purchases or when combined with any promotional offers. this site, content, product information, and any products sold through this site are intended to comply with united states state and federal laws and regulations. some products cannot be shipped to certain jurisdictions. if you are a non-u.s. based user, be advised that other countries may have laws, regulatory requirements, and product safety requirements that are different than those in the united states. aeo reserves the right, but is not obligated, to limit the sales of its products or services to any person, geographic region or jurisdiction. we may exercise this right on a case-by-case basis. 13. returns & resale of product.please visit our return policy for more information on acceptable returns. additionally, this site sells products to retail consumers only. you shall not use this site to purchase products for re-sale or export. aeo reserves the right to immediately bar access to this site and terminate the account of any user who violates this provision. 14. limitations on liability.you acknowledge, by your use of this site: (a) that your use of this site is at your sole risk; (b) that you assume full responsibility for all costs associated with all necessary servicing or repairs of any equipment/device that you use in connection with your use of this site; and (c) that aeo and our licensors, service providers, content providers, shareholders, employees, agents, officers, and directors (collectively, "service providers") will not be liable for any incidental, direct, indirect, punitive, actual, consequential, special, exemplary, or other damages, including loss of revenue or income, pain and suffering, emotional distress, or similar damages related to your use of or inability to use our site, including without limitation, failure of performance, error, omission, interruption, computer virus, or network or internet failure, whether the alleged liability is based on contract, tort, negligence strict liability or any other basis, even if aeo has been advised of the possibility of such damages. in no event shall the collective liability of aeo and our service providers for any claims related to this site, exceed fifty ($50) dollars. because some jurisdictions, such as the state law of new jersey, do not allow the exclusion or limitation of incidental or consequential damages, aeo's and its service providers’ damages in such jurisdictions shall be limited to the extent permitted by law. 15. disclaimer.the content provided on this site is provided "as is" and "with all faults." aeo makes no warranty or representation, either express or implied, as to its use, availability, content accuracy, appropriateness or performance of this site. as a user, you assume all risks and responsibilities for your use or non-use, and aeo makes no representation that the content appearing on or downloaded from this site is compatible with your device or free from error or viruses. no aeo employee, agent or representative is authorized to modify or amend this warranty. to the extent allowable by existing law, aeo disclaims all other warranties, either expressed or implied, including but not limited to the implied warranties of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose, with respect to this site and its content. some jurisdictions, such as the state law of new jersey, do not allow the exclusion or limitation of incidental or consequential damages, or limitation on how long an implied warranty lasts, so the above limitations or exclusions may not apply to you. aeo reserves the right to alter or remove site content, or suspend or terminate your use in any way, at any time, for any reason, without prior notification, and aeo will not be liable in any way for possible consequences of that action. 16. indemnification.you agree to indemnify, defend, and hold harmless aeo, our subsidiaries and affiliates, and our and their service providers from and against all claims (whether or not such claims are merely alleged or otherwise), losses, expenses, damages and costs, including reasonable attorneys’ fees, costs, and expenses resulting from any violation of these terms or any activity related to your account (including negligent or wrongful conduct) by you or any other person accessing this site using your account. we reserve the right, at our own expense, to assume the exclusive defense and control of any matter otherwise subject to indemnification by you, and you shall not in any event settle or otherwise dispose of any matter without our prior written consent. 17. disabling your account.you may disable your account at any time by contacting us at custserv@ae.com. additionally, we may, in our sole and absolute discretion, disable your account at any time and for any reason, including, but not limited to, if you breach these terms. upon disabling of your account, we will retain your data in accordance with our privacy notice. even if your account is disable and you cease visiting/using the site, be aware that these terms, to the extent any provisions by their nature will survive any expiration or termination of these terms, shall survive. 18. choice of law.these terms will be governed and construed in accordance with the laws of the commonwealth of pennsylvania, without regard to its conflicts of law rules. 19. notice.when you visit this site or send communications to us, you are communicating with us electronically. you consent to receive communications from us electronically. we will communicate with you by e-mail or by posting notices on this site. you agree that all agreements, notices, disclosures and other communications that we provide to you electronically satisfy any legal requirement that such communications be in writing. 20. privacy notice.for information on how information is collected, used, or disclosed by aeo in connection with your use of this site, please consult our privacy notice, which is incorporated into these terms by reference. 21. payment processing.by agreeing to the terms, you consent that depending on the type of payment method used, the payment processing services for goods and/or services purchased on this site are provided by either ae direct llc or by american eagle nl services co. b.v. on behalf of ae direct llc. in the event you choose to pay with credit card and the payment will be processed via a european acquirer, these terms are an agreement between you and american eagle nl services co. b.v. at principal address, prins bernhardplein 200, 1097 jb amsterdam, the netherlands. should you have any questions concerning the terms, or if you desire to contact aeo for any reason, please contact us at custserv@ae.com. 22. disputes.timing of claims: any cause of action or claim you may have with respect to this site (including, but not limited to, the purchase of products/services) must be commenced within one (1) year after the claim or cause of action arises. arbitration and venue: for all disputes arising out of or relating to the site or these terms, you submit and consent to the exclusive personal jurisdiction and venue in allegheny county, pennsylvania. any dispute relating in any way to your visit to this site shall be submitted to confidential arbitration in allegheny county, pennsylvania, except that, to the extent you have in any manner violated or threatened to violate our intellectual property rights, we may seek injunctive or other appropriate relief in any state or federal court, including in allegheny county, pennsylvania. arbitration under these terms shall be conducted under the rules then prevailing of the american arbitration association in accordance with its commercial arbitration rules and before a single arbitrator. ultimately, the selected arbitrator must have expertise in the subject matter of the dispute. the expenses of the arbitration charged by the arbitrator shall be borne by the prevailing party or otherwise as appropriately allocated between the parties to the arbitration by the arbitrator in his or her discretion. however, in every other regard each party shall pay for and bear its own costs and legal fees, costs and expenses. the arbitration shall be completed within one hundred twenty (120) days of either giving notice or filing a demand to arbitrate with the american arbitration association (whichever shall first occur). to start an arbitration proceeding, use the form on aaa’s website (www.adr.org) or call the aaa at 1-800-778-7879. final arbitration: the arbitrator’s award shall be binding and may be entered as a judgment in any court of competent jurisdiction. the testimony, evidence, ruling and all documentation regarding any arbitration shall be considered confidential information. neither party may use, disclose, or divulge any such information unless otherwise required by law. class action waiver: to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, no arbitration under these terms shall be joined to an arbitration involving any other party subject to these terms, whether through class arbitration proceedings or otherwise. you agree to an arbitration on an individual basis. in any dispute, neither you nor we will be entitled to join or consolidate claims by or against other visitors in court or in arbitration or otherwise participate in any claim as a class representative, class member or in a private attorney general capacity. the arbitral tribunal may not consolidate more than one (1) person’s claims, and may not otherwise preside over any form of a representative or class proceeding. the arbitral tribunal has no power to consider the enforceability of this class arbitration waiver and any challenge to the class arbitration waiver may only be raised in a court of competent jurisdiction. 23. miscellaneous.our failure to insist upon or enforce strict performance of any provision of these terms shall not be construed as a waiver of any provision or right. neither the course of conduct between the parties nor trade practice shall act to modify any of these terms. we may assign our rights and duties under these terms to any party at any time without notice to you and without your express consent. you will not assign any of your rights or delegate any of your obligations under these terms without our prior written consent. any purported assignment or delegation in violation of this section 23 is null and void. no assignment or delegation relieves you of any of your obligations under these terms. if any provision of these terms shall be held unlawful, void, or for any reason unenforceable, then that provision shall be deemed severable from these terms and shall not affect the validity and enforceability of any remaining provisions. these terms, together with our privacy notice, constitute the entire agreement between the parties pertaining to the subject matter hereof and supersedes in their entirety any and all written or oral agreements previously existing between the parties with respect to such subject matter. some people who endorse our products may receive consideration for their endorsement. 24. pennsylvania use.this site is controlled and operated by us from our offices in the commonwealth of pennsylvania. we make no representation that any of the materials or the services to which you have been given access are available or appropriate for use in other locations. your use of or access to this site should not be construed as us purposefully availing ourselves of the benefits or privilege of doing business in any state or jurisdiction other than pennsylvania. those who access or use this site from other jurisdictions do so at their own volition and are responsible for compliance with local law. some jurisdictions, such as the state of new jersey, do not allow the exclusion of certain warranties or the limitation or exclusion of liability for incidental or consequential damages. accordingly, in certain jurisdictions, some of the above provisions may not apply to you; all other provisions of these terms remain in full force and effect. 25. notice for california users.california consumers can learn more about their additional rights at california disclosures. in particular, under california civil code section 1789.3, users of this site from california are entitled to the following specific consumer rights notice: the complaint assistance unit of the division of consumer services of the california department of consumer affairs may be contacted in writing at 1625 north market blvd., suite n 112, sacramento, ca 95834, or by telephone at (916) 445-1254 or (800) 952-5210. aeo may be contacted via email at custserv@ae.com. 26. electronic signatures.you acknowledge and agree that by agreeing to this terms electronically that you are expressly agreeing to the terms and conditions set forth herein. you acknowledge and agree that by affixing your electronic signature that you are submitting a legally binding electronic signature and entering into a legally binding contract. you acknowledge that your electronic submission constitutes your agreement and intent to be bound by the terms and conditions of these terms. pursuant to any applicable statutes, regulations, rules, ordinances or other laws, including without limitation the united states electronic signatures in global and national commerce act, p.l. 106-229 (the “e-sign act”) or other similar statutes, you hereby agree to the use of electronic signatures, contracts, orders and other records and to electronic delivery of notices, policies and records of transactions initiated or completed through this site or services offered by aeo. further, you hereby waive any rights or requirements under any statutes, regulations, rules, ordinances or other laws in any jurisdiction which require an original signature or delivery or retention of non-electronic records, or to payments or the granting of credits by other than electronic means. 27. questions.if you have any questions or comments regarding these terms, our privacy notice, or this site, please feel free to contact us by e-mail at custserv@ae.com. global terms of usethese terms are effective as of may 23, 2018 and apply to all of our customers outside of north american, specifically our european customers. introduction.this website at www.ae.com (this "website"), which may be a desktop, mobile or tablet site or a mobile application, is owned and operated by american eagle outfitters, inc.. (“aeo” and “we”, “us” or “our”), an entity organized and operating out of the united states, and its subsidiaries and affiliates. the following global terms of use (these ”terms”) set forth the basic rules that govern your use of this website.please ensure that you read these terms in conjunction with our global privacy notice, our cookies notice, and, if making a purchase via this website, our european terms and conditions of sale, since all such policies collectively govern your use of and purchase from this website.  in case of conflict between the european terms and conditions of sale and these terms, the european terms and conditions of sale prevail. your acceptance of these terms.please read these terms carefully before using this website. your use of this website constitutes your agreement to be bound by them.  if you do not agree to these terms, please do not use this website.  the terms are effective as of the date set forth above. aeo may change, edit, modify, delete, revise, or update these terms at any time and from time to time.  if registered users log-in after having been informed about the changes and do not object to them within thirty (30) days, the new terms of use are deemed accepted. the continued use of this website by unregistered users after the terms of use have been updated, constitutes continued acceptance.  protection of minors, eligibility, registered accounts and passwordsthis website as a whole is not directed to individuals under the age of sixteen (16). to sign up for newsletters, participate in sweepstakes/promotions and consent to cookies, we require consent of your parent or other legal representative if you are under the age of sixteen (16). if you are under the age of eighteen (18), you may only purchase our products on this website with approval of your parent or other legal representative who agrees to be bound by these terms.   we may ask you to verify your age and you are required to answer truthfully. if you do need meet the age limits above, we will ask for your parent’s/legal representative’s consent or deny the service.you are responsible for the personal protection and security of any password or username that you may use to access this website, and you agree to:create only one registered account on this website;provide accurate, truthful, up to date and complete information when creating your account;maintain and promptly update your account information;maintain the security of your account by implementing a strong password (we recommend that passwords are a minimum of 8 characters long, contain a mixture of upper and lower case letters and numbers and are changed frequently), keep your password safe, not share your password with others and restrict access to your account and your computer;promptly notify aeo if you discover or otherwise suspect any security breaches relating to this website (including to immediately report a lost or stolen password and/or username to aeo); andtake responsibility for all activities that occur under your account and accept all risks of unauthorised access, without prejudice to your statutory rights.without prejudice to section 14, you are responsible for all direct or indirect damages and liable for all activity conducted on this website that can be linked or traced back to your username and/or password and occurred, directly or indirectly, as a result of a breach of the requirements under iv. or v.trademarks.the trademarks, trade names, trade dress, logos, and service marks (collectively, the "trademarks") displayed on this website are the registered and/or unregistered trademarks of aeo, or such third party that may own the displayed trademarks. nothing contained on this website or in these terms serves to grant to you, by implication or otherwise, any license or right to use any trademarks displayed on this website without the written permission of aeo or such third party that may own the displayed trademarks.proprietary rights.the text, trademarks, logos, images, graphics, photos, video files, application functionality, or any other digital media, and their arrangement on this website (the "content") are the property of aeo or an identified third party (e.g., licensors) and may be subject to international patent, copyright, trademark and other intellectual property protection. you may not copy, sell, resell, modify, distribute, reproduce, transmit, publicly display, publicly perform, adapt or edit any of the content except as specifically set forth in these terms, but never for any commercial use.access to, and use of, this website are solely for your purchase of aeo products for personal use, information, education, entertainment, and communication with aeo. you may download, copy or print the content of this website for your personal non-commercial use only.  however, systematic retrieval of content from this website to create or compile, directly or indirectly, a collection, compilation, database or directory without written permission from aeo is prohibited.no right, title or interest in any of the content of this website is transferred to you as a result of any downloading, copying, printing or use of this website.if you breach this section 5 and/or section 6 of the terms, we reserve the right to immediately suspend or terminate your use of this website and/or your registered account, and you must, at our option, return or destroy any copies of the content or materials you have made.user comments and other submissions.while aeo desires to receive feedback from its customers, please do not send aeo any unsolicited creative or original concepts, ideas, materials or products, confidential or proprietary information, or the like ("submission(s)"). aeo is under no obligation to use or compensate you for your submissions. aeo will not respond to you regarding your submissions, and your submissions will not be returned to you and will not be treated as confidential information.license to use submissions.this website, which includes all affiliated sites, mobile apps, and social media pages, may provide you with the opportunity to submit materials, sounds, music, information, data, videos, photos, images, opinions, messages, notes, text, graphics, designs, or other content (“user generated content” or “ugc”). by submitting ugc to this website, you confirm that the ugc does not violate any laws and represent that you own or have unencumbered, transferable rights and permissions, including, without limitation, the right of publicity, to the ugc that you submit. if you submit ugc to this website, you automatically grant aeo a perpetual, worldwide, unlimited, irrevocable, transferable, assignable, royalty-free license for aeo to use that ugc for any lawful purpose, commercial, advertising, or otherwise, in any manner or media now or later developed, including, without limitation, the right to translate, display, reproduce, modify, create derivative works, distribute, assign, commercialize, and sub-license that ugc to third parties for their lawful uses and purposes. subject to existing laws, you waive any moral rights that you or your licensors may have in any ugc.consent to processing of your photo or the photo of your childby uploading and consenting, you agree that aeo uses your ugc for the purpose as explained in context of your upload.if your ugc contains photographs or digital or video images that depict a child that is under the age of majority in their country of residence, you represent that you are the child's parent or legal representative and are entitled to provide the photo, digital, or video image for the purpose as explained in context of your upload. you can withdraw this consent at any time by contacting us as set out in the section “contact us” below.no endorsement or liability for user-generated or third-party content.although third-party content, submissions and/or ugc may be posted on this website, the posting of such content does not constitute aeo's endorsement of it. aeo is not responsible or liable for any claim, including, without limitation, loss or injury to real, tangible, or intellectual property, violations of personal privacy or privacy rights, actual, consequential or punitive damages, personal injury, or wrongful death in connection with third-party content, submissions and/or ugc. all of this only applies to the extent permitted by applicable law.third-party links.third-party links on this website may direct you to third-party websites that are not affiliated with aeo and which are not under our control (“third party sites”). to the extent permitted by applicable law, we accept no liability for the content of any such third party sites.third party sites may be located in different countries, and those websites and the products sold on those websites may be subject to another country's laws and/or regulatory or product safety requirements. aeo is not liable for any harm or damages related to the purchase or use of goods, services, resources, content, or any other transactions ("third-party products") made in connection with any third party sites.please review carefully the policies and practices of third party sites and make sure you understand them before you use such sites and/or engage in any transaction. complaints, claims, concerns, or questions regarding third-party sites and/or third party products should be directed to the appropriate third party.prohibited uses.in addition to other prohibitions as set forth in these terms, you are prohibited from using this website and/or its content for reasons including, but not limited to, the following:for any unlawful purpose;to solicit others to perform or participate in any unlawful acts;to violate any international, national, federal, or state regulations, rules, laws, instruments or local ordinances;to infringe or violate our intellectual property rights or the intellectual property rights of others;to harass, abuse, insult, harm, defame, slander, disparage, intimidate, or discriminate based on gender, sexual orientation, religion, ethnicity, race, age, national origin, disability or political persuasion;to submit false or misleading information;to upload, unless specifically requested by aeo upon your consent, any “sensitive” personal information about yourself or another person (including, but not limited to, information that relates to health or medical conditions, information concerning trade union membership, sex life, political opinions, criminal charges or convictions, religious beliefs, racial or ethnic origin, or other sensitive matters);to upload or transmit viruses or any other type of malicious code that will or may be used in any way to affect the functionality or operation of this website, other websites, or the internet;to collect or track the personal data of others;to spam, phish, pharm, pretext, spider, crawl, or scrape;for any obscene or immoral purpose; andto interfere with or circumvent the security features of this website, other websites, or the internet.this list is in no way exhaustive. we reserve the right to terminate your use of this website for violating any prohibited uses (including those listed above).website updates.aeo undertakes no obligation to update, amend or clarify information on this website, including without limitation, pricing information, except as required by law. no specified update or refresh date applied on this website should be taken to indicate that all information on this website has been modified or updated. please remember when reviewing information on this website that such information may not represent the complete information available on a subject. in addition, subsequent events or changes in circumstances may cause existing information on this website to become inaccurate or incomplete.on occasion, information on this website may contain errors, including, without limitation, typographical errors, inaccuracies, or omissions related to product availability, special offers, product promotions, pricing information, product descriptions, or product shipping charges and transit times. unless as set forth otherwise in our european terms and conditions of sale (the “terms of sale”), aeo reserves the right to, at any time without prior notice, correct any errors, inaccuracies or omissions and to change or update information or cancel orders if any information on this website is inaccurate (including after you have submitted your order).product information and availability. all european sales processed via this website are governed by the european terms and conditions of sale. please read the terms of sale carefully before you purchase any products and/or services from aeo.  by ordering products through our website, you agree to be bound by and accept the terms of sale. we may change or update the terms of sale from time to time so please review the terms of sale before you make a purchase from this website.all information (including descriptions and pricing) about products, property and services included in or available through this website, including any links to other sites, is provided in good faith and for information purposes only, and are subject to change at any time without notice at the sole discretion of aeo. aeo reserves the right to discontinue any product at any time. any offer for any product or service made on this website is void where prohibited.the products sold through this website are intended to comply with the united states of america’s laws and regulations.  please note, some products cannot be shipped to certain jurisdictions. please be aware of specific local laws, regulatory requirements, and product safety requirements.  aeo reserves the right, but is not obligated, to limit the sales of its products or services to any person, geographic region or jurisdiction. we may exercise this right on a case-by-case basis and subject to applicable laws. we reserve the right to limit the quantities of any products or services that we offer.resale of product.this website sells products to retail consumers only. you shall not use this website to purchase products for re-sale or export. aeo reserves the right to immediately bar access to this website and terminate your registered account if you violate this provision.additionally, aeo may also refuse to accept returns of such products.limitations on liabilityyou acknowledge, by your use of this website, that such use is at your sole risk, and you assume full responsibility for all costs associated with all necessary servicing or repairs of any equipment that you use in connection with your use of this website.access to and use of this website is at your own risk and we do not warrant that the use of the website or any material downloaded from it will not cause damage to any property, including but not limited to loss of data or computer virus infection.  subject to applicable laws, we accept no liability for viruses or other computer contaminants.  you are recommended to take all appropriate safeguards (such as installing appropriate anti-virus software) and firewalls before downloading information or images from this website.aeo is liable for damages in the event of personal injury or death, intent or gross negligence.we shall, however, not be liable to you for any of the following (whether or not we were advised of, or knew of, the possibility of such losses) whether arising from any claim arising out of or in connection with the use of this website, including without limitation, under any tort, including negligence, for breach of contract, for misrepresentation (other than fraudulent misrepresentation), intellectual property infringement or under any statute or otherwise:any unforeseeable losses;any loss or damage related to your use of or inability to use our website, including without limitation, failure of performance, error, omission, interruption, computer virus, or network or internet failure;any losses or damages arising out of changes made to the content of this website by unauthorised third parties; orany delay in, or failure of, performance of our obligations under these terms arising from any cause beyond our reasonable control including any of the following: act of god, governmental act, war, fire, flood, explosion or civil commotion, failure in information technology or telecommunications services, failure of a third party (including failure to supply data) and industrial action.disclaimer for warranty.except for cases of fraud or fraudulent misrepresentation, the content provided on this website is provided "as is" and "with all faults". aeo makes no warranty or representation, either express or implied, as to its use, availability, content accuracy, appropriateness or performance of this website. aeo makes no representation that the content appearing on or downloaded from this website is compatible with your computer or free from error or viruses. no aeo employee, agent or representative is authorized to modify or amend this warranty. to the extent allowable by existing applicable law, aeo disclaims all other warranties, either expressed or implied, including but not limited to the implied warranties of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose, with respect to this website and its content.aeo reserves the right to alter or remove website content, or suspend or terminate your use in any way, at any time, for any reason with prior notice and for good cause without prior notification.indemnification.insofar as permitted by law, you agree to indemnify and hold aeo, its directors, contractors, officers, employees, agents, and affiliates harmless from and against any and all claims, damages, costs, liabilities and expenses (including attorney fees) arising from your use of this website or breach of these terms.termination.aeo may terminate the terms at any time and may do so immediately without notice, and accordingly deny you access to this website. upon any termination of these terms by either you or aeo, you must promptly destroy all materials downloaded or otherwise obtained from this website, as well as copies of such materials, whether made under these terms or otherwise.notwithstanding anything in these terms to the contrary, the parties understand and agree that all provisions of the terms that may require continued performance, compliance, or effect beyond the termination date of these terms will survive termination of the terms and will be enforceable by the parties, including but not limited to sections 2, 5, 6, 8, 15, 16, 17, 18, and 19.severabilityif any provision of these terms shall be deemed unlawful, void or for any reason unenforceable, then that provision shall be severable from these terms and shall not affect the validity and enforceability of the remaining provisions.choice of law and forum.these terms will be governed and construed in accordance with the laws of the usa insofar as these comply with eu consumer protection requirements. if us law does not provide an adequate level of consumer protection or does in any other way not comply with requirements of eu laws, eu regulations and/or accordant member state law shall be applicable additionally.notice and consent to electronic communications.when you visit this website or send e-mails to us, you are communicating with us electronically. you consent to receive communications from us electronically. we may communicate with you by e-mail or by posting notices on this website. you agree that all agreements, notices, disclosures and other communications that we provide to you electronically satisfy any legal requirement that such communications be in writing.privacy and cookies.aeo is committed to protecting the privacy of the visitors to this website. for information on how personal data is collected, used and disclosed by aeo in connection with your use of this website, please consult our global privacy notice and our cookies notice which are incorporated into these terms by reference.payment processing.by agreeing to the terms, you consent that depending on the type of payment method used, the payment processing services for goods and/or services purchased on this website are provided by ae direct co. llc. in the event you choose to pay with a credit card and the payment will be processed via a european acquirer, these terms are an agreement between you and ae direct co. llc at principal address, 77 hot metal street, pittsburgh, pennsylvania 15203, united states.contact us.should you have any questions concerning these terms, or if you desire to contact aeo for any reason, please contact us at privacy@ae.com or 1.724.779.5599. help topicscontact uscall uswrite usemail uschat usorders + returnstrack orderreturn policiesshipping + handlingpricing + taxes/dutiespayment optionsmy aeo + aeo connectedmy accountaeo connected faqaeo connected program detailsaeo connected terms & conditionsaeo credit cardsprogram detailspay my billemails + textstextsemailssize chartswomen'smen'saerietailgateproduct care symbolsu.s. + canada care labelinginternational care labelingkorea care labelinglegalterms and conditionsprivacy noticescalifornia disclosurescookie noticegeneral notice of compliance - aodaterms of useaeo brand protectionterms of saleuk and eu websitefaq for ae uk and ae eu websites gift cards give them what they really want. aeo connected rewards earn free jeans, bras, shipping & more. aeo connected credit cards get 15% off your first purchase. pay bill | apply now mobile app shop & get exclusive deals right from your phone. more ways to shop in the store, on the app or on the site. blog: aeo | aerie style tips, diy ideas & more. store locator track order email sign up mobile alert sign up free 2-day shipping about aeo investors careers site map have a question? call us: 1.888.232.4535 help return policy email us follow us #aexme #aeriereal terms of use california disclosures privacy notices brand protection affiliate program © 2018 aeo management co. all rights reserved. gift cards aeo connected rewards aeo connected credit cards pay bill apply now card benefits more ways to shop stay in the know email sign up mobile alert sign up download our app about us about aeo investors careers site map have a question? call us: 1.888.232.4535 help return policy email us privacy + notices privacy notices terms of use california disclosures brand protection #aexme #aeriereal blog: aeo | aerie © 2018 aeo management co. all rights reserved. × search