来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20241214190918/https://www.bellalunatoys.com/pages/help-center
================================================================================

help center skip to content icon-x close menu the holiday shop shop by category featured collections winter nature table the playroom collection bella luna exclusives bestsellers handmade toys wooden toys organic toys made in the usa made in europe waldorf essentials waldorf dolls waldorf birthday fall nature table playsilks fairies & gnomes rocker & balance boards waldorf playstands elsa beskow books waldorf home dolls & dollhouses dolls doll accessories teething & towel dolls maileg collection dollhouses dollhouse dolls dollhouse animals dollhouse furniture & accessories pretend play kitchen & house play playsilks stuffed animals wooden figures toy vehicles dress-ups & costumes blocks & building wooden blocks marble & ball runs rainbow tunnels magnetic blocks books books for children games & puzzles games puzzles mosaic tiles active play outdoor toys bikes & ride-ons climbing toys swings & hammocks rocker & balance boards developmental toys rattles & grasping toys push & pull toys stacking & sorting early learning musical instruments arts & crafts painting & drawing sculpting paper crafts handwork other crafts shop by age 0-12 months 12-24 months 2 years 3 years 4 years 5 years 6 years 7+ years parents featured brandsnewsaleholiday catalog help order status rewards moon child blog holiday catalog gift cards save $10 log in instagram instagram facebook pinterest cart icon-x close cart gift note subtotal $ 0.00 shipping, taxes, and discount codes calculated at checkout. check out your cart is currently empty. help order status rewards moon child blog holiday catalog gift cards save $10 instagram instagram facebook pinterest icon-search search icon-hamburger site navigation account log in icon-search search cart the holiday shop shop by category featured collections winter nature table the playroom collection bella luna exclusives bestsellers handmade toys wooden toys organic toys made in the usa made in europe waldorf essentials waldorf dolls waldorf birthday fall nature table playsilks fairies & gnomes rocker & balance boards waldorf playstands elsa beskow books waldorf home dolls & dollhouses dolls doll accessories teething & towel dolls maileg collection dollhouses dollhouse dolls dollhouse animals dollhouse furniture & accessories pretend play kitchen & house play playsilks stuffed animals wooden figures toy vehicles dress-ups & costumes blocks & building wooden blocks marble & ball runs rainbow tunnels magnetic blocks books books for children games & puzzles games puzzles mosaic tiles active play outdoor toys bikes & ride-ons climbing toys swings & hammocks rocker & balance boards developmental toys rattles & grasping toys push & pull toys stacking & sorting early learning musical instruments arts & crafts painting & drawing sculpting paper crafts handwork other crafts shop by age 0-12 months 12-24 months 2 years 3 years 4 years 5 years 6 years 7+ years parents featured brands new sale holiday catalog search search pause slideshow play slideshow free haba game with orders $150+animal upon animal or first orchard. ends nov 13th.free shippingon orders $99+we value your loyaltyearn star coins & discounts for purchases. sign up » help centeranswers to frequently asked questions placing orders when will an item be back in stock? we are restocking as often and as quickly as our suppliers are able to ship our orders to us. many of our toys are from small manufacturers or are handmade, and most are imported from across the globe leaving them subject to delays outside our control. to receive notification when an item is restocked, click the notify me when available button on the product page and enter your email address. this is the best way to be informed when the items you want are available again for purchase. if the notify me when available function is not working, please use a browser without ad-blockers or anti-tracking extensions installed.if you need help with alternative gift ideas, please send us a message at support@bellalunatoys.com or chat! we are always happy to make recommendations! can i cancel or make changes to an order i placed? our in-house warehouse team strives to process orders very quickly! when an order is completed online, it is immediately sent to our warehouse for fulfillment. intercepting orders in progress (regardless of fulfillment status) for cancellations, adding or removing items, or merging orders for combined shipping may not be possible. shipping fees are non-refundable. we apologize for any inconvenience and hope our faster fulfillment time most often works to your advantage.any unwanted items can be returned for a refund. please read our returns faqs for details.thank you for understanding!  please contact us at support@bellalunatoys.com or 1-888-438-1299 if you need further assistance. we are available monday through friday 9:00am - 5:00pm eastern time. what are the terms of special holiday and sale events? when we do have promotions, they are often part of our loyalty program star coins rewards. you can create an account here to earn coins for discounts year-round.you can also check our sale category here for select deals or current sales.* promotions and special events are announced through our newsletter and our facebook and instagram accounts. the customer care staff are notified of the sales events when they are announced to the public and do not have advance notice of dates or details.in fairness to all our customers, we adhere to the published terms for all our sales and promotional events during the holidays and throughout the year: limited time offer. valid only on in-stock merchandise while supplies last. no rain checks. no adjustments. offer cannot be applied retroactively to prior purchases. star coins cannot be used in addition to coupon codes. coupon code must be entered at time of purchase. free shipping for qualifying order subtotal after any discounts are applied. star coins can not be applied retroactively. can i place an order over the phone? we are always happy to take your order over the phone! we are available weekdays from 9:00am - 5:00pm eastern time at 1-888-438-1299. can i place a wholesale order? bella luna toys is an authorized retailer of the brands we sell, and we not offer wholesale pricing or provide discounts for bulk purchases.if you would like to place a large order for a single item, please contact support@bellalunatoys.com and we can look into the possibility of creating a special order. we do accept purchase orders which should be emailed to support@bellalunatoys.com.  we bill net 30, and shipping is 10% of the order total with a minimum of $10.95. schools or non-profits will need to provide proof of tax-exempt status. why do i get a zip code error message at checkout? this occurs when the zip code entered for the billing address does not match what is on file with your credit card company. scroll below the credit card information and select "use a different address" if the billing address is not the same as the shipping address. enter the correct billing name and address.if this does not fix the issue, please contact your credit card company to confirm the billing address on file. shipping what are your shipping rates? please visit ourshipping policyfor current shipping rates. when will my order ship? most items ship from our warehouse in new york within 2-3 business days. some large items ship directly from the manufacturer and may take up to two weeks to ship. when will my order be delivered? we will provide an estimated delivery timeframe at checkout based on the items in your order and your location. some orders may arrive in multiple shipments.please keep in mind that delivery timeframes are not guaranteed at this time by any carrier. country-wide and regional delays should be expected with all carriers, so please place time-sensitive orders well in advance. do you offer free shipping? we offer free shipping on orders over $99 within the 48 contiguous usa and to armed forces addresses. important note: to qualify for free shipping, your order sub-total must be $99+ after any discounts including star coins are applied. do you offer expedited shipping? we offer quickship and expedited shipping within the 48 contiguous usa for most orders. quickship and expedited orders received by 11:00 am est will ship the same day. quickship and expedited orders received after 11:00 am est will ship the next business day. quickship and expedited shipping services and rates will be displayed at checkout based on your location. please note that expedited service is not available on orders containing items shipping directly from the manufacturer. where do you ship? we ship to all locations within the usa including territories and armed forces addresses. we currently do not ship outside of the usa. some international customers use a freight forwarding company or have their order shipped to a friend or family member in the us, who can then send the package overseas. can i look up my order status? if you have created a bella luna toys account, please log in to find your order history and status. will i receive tracking info? we will email the tracking number when your order has left our warehouse. please allow up to 1 business day for your tracking number to become active. for any questions about delays or tracking issues, please contact the carrier. why can't i ship maileg to oh or pa? we are unable to ship maileg products to pa and oh. for details, pleaseclick here. returns what is your return policy? we want you to be entirely delighted with your purchase from bella luna toys! if you are unhappy with your purchase for any reason, you may return it within 30 days for a full refund (less promotional discounts and shipping charges).to be eligible for a refund, returned items must be in new, resalable condition with all original packaging intact and tags attached. the product cannot have been used. we reserve the right to deny a refund for any returned item that is no longer in new condition, in its original packaging, or is damaged, missing any labels, instructions, or pieces.if a returned item has been opened, is no longer in intact packaging, is damaged, or is materially different from how the item was shipped to you, it may not be accepted for return or may be subject to a restocking fee of up to 50%. items not accepted for return will be shipped back to customer at customer's expense.store credit in the form on an e-card may be issued for some returns. how do i make a return? click below to visit our returns centerenter your order number and email addressfollow the instructions and select the items to return.an email confirmation will be sent with shipping guidelines and next steps.start my return who pays for return shipping? except in the case of damaged or defective merchandise, you are responsible for the cost of return shipping.if your item arrives damaged or you were sent the incorrect item, please contact us at support@bellalunatoys.com or 1.888.438.1299 within 5 business days to report the problem. bella luna toys will provide further instructions and cover the cost of return shipping. how and when will i be refunded? a refund for returned items will be issued to your original form of payment. if an item was received as a gift, we will issue a gift card to the recipient for the value of the returned item(s). please include the email address to which you would like the gift card sent.sale and clearance items are eligible for store credit only.the refund amount will be calculated based on the price paid minus any coupons, discounts, star coins, shipping charges and gift wrapping fees, if applicable.if the merchandise returned causes the original order sub-total to fall below the $99 threshold for free shipping, applicable shipping charges will be deducted from the refund amount.refunds and credits are generally processed within seven business days of receipt of your returned merchandise. you will receive an email confirmation of your refund. please note that it can take up to 1-2 billing cycles for the refund to appear on your monthly credit card statement. what happens if i receive damaged, missing, or incorrect items? upon receipt of your order, please inspect your package for damaged, missing, or incorrect items and contact us within 5 business days at support@bellalunatoys.com or 1-888-438-1299 or to report any problems. please provide your order number, a photo of the damage, and your packing slip. damaged items reported five business days or more after delivery may not be eligible for return or replacement. can i exchange an item? we are unable to offer exchanges, but will be happy to help you process a return, place a new order, and waive the shipping fee on your new order. how do i return a gift? we are happy to help with with a gift return!please contact us at support@bellalunatoys.com or 1-888-438-1299 with the order number or name of the person who made the purchase. we will need to reference the original order to be of assistance. gifts can be returned for store credit in the form of an e-gift card issued to the recipient's email address, or we would be happy to refund the purchaser if preferred. store credit will equal the price paid for the product less any discount applied.if an e-gift card (store credit) is issued to the recipient, the purchaser is not notified of the return.we do offer free outgoing shipping on a replacement order within 30 days of the e-gift card issue date. returns must be made within 30 days. return shipping is the responsibility of the customer.ship returns to: bella luna toys-returns , 4407 jordan rd, skaneateles, ny 13152 star coins rewards do you have a rewards program? yes! we have a generous rewards program. please visitstar coins rewards page for details and answers to frequently asked questions. common product questions what size candle should i purchase? birthday ring candles:  these are the only candles which fit our birthday rings, advent spiral, and four seasons ring. they are 100% beeswax, approximately 1/2" diameter., and made in germany. note: candles must be used with our brass holders.hanukkah candles: these do not fit our birthday/advent/season rings or spirals. they are 100% beeswax, 3/8"diameter, and made in the usa with cotton wicks, plant and animal based pigments imported from europe. birthday cake candles: these traditionally-sized candles for cake decorating. these do not fit our birthday/advent/season rings or spirals. they are 100% beeswax, 1/4"diameter and made in the usa with cotton wicks, plant and animal based pigments imported from europe. large tapers: these are standard sized candles to fit most candlesticks. these do not fit our birthday/advent/season rings or spirals. they are 100% beeswax, 7/8" diameter, and made in the usa, with cotton wicks, plant and animal based pigments imported from europe.  advent tapers: these are standard sized to fit most candlesticks. set of four (3 purple, 1 pink. wreath not included.) these do not fit our birthday/advent/season rings or spirals. they are 100% beeswax, 7/8" diameter and made in the usa with cotton wicks, plant and animal based pigments imported from europe. why is my grimm's tunnel uneven? it is normal for the grimm's tunnels to appear uneven across the bottom while still in the shrink-wrap. when the wrapping is removed, the pieces will settle to sit flush on a flat surface, revealing the unique curve of their hand-cut arches! cut from a single block of wood, a tunnel may be asymmetrical with natural wood textures and markings, gaps between the arches, and a front and back; the pieces will stack best when all the arches are oriented in the same direction. if an arch does not fit, simply turn it around!grimm's tunnels are a bit of a puzzle, sparking spatial reasoning and problem solving skills. do not use downward force to stack the pieces. how do i prime a new chalkboard? a new blackboard or chalkboard requires priming prior to first use. a board that is not primed will not erase properly and have permanent "ghost" images and scratches. without priming, the board will be marred after first use. priming is easy and only requires a stick of chalk and a dry cloth or paper towel.using the side of a stick of chalk, cover the board completely in chalk, moving up and down then side to side. wipe with a dry cloth or paper towel (circular motions work best) working the dust into the surface. using a wet cloth is not recommended as it will reverse the priming process. what color bolga baskets are available? our bolga basket selection varies with every shipment we receive. each basket is one-of-a-kind and hand made by skilled artisans.  the color and pattern combinations vary greatly by artist and basket. our current selection is bold and bright colors. exact size and shape will vary.  baskets are easily reshaped by soaking in water (avoid getting leather covered handle wet), and air dried. wishbone boxes... where is box #3? wishbone has clever packaging!you will see two boxes with parts: box 1 and box 2. box 3 is inside box 1. it is a small cylinder and contains the wheel.box 4 refers to the outer shipping box and is not needed for assembly.watch wishbone mini-flip - assembly video for detailed instructions by 11-year old lulu the daughter of mini-flip's designer, richard latham! customer care customer care help center faqsstar coins rewardswishlistshippingshipping maileg productsreturnsprivacyterms & conditionsaccessibilitygdpr complianceccpa cpra compliance about us about us our storyabout waldorf toysaffiliate programbecome a bella luna influencercareerspromotional informationcustomer reviewscasting callcontact us contact us contact us support@bellalunatoys.com1.888.438.1299monday - friday9am - 5pm eastern4407 jordan roadskaneateles, ny 13152 sign up and save sign up and save subscribe to get engaging craft tutorials, parenting tips, special offers, and first dibs on new arrivals. enter your email subscribe icon-email subscribe instagram instagram facebook pinterest © 2024 bella luna toys all rights reserved icon-x "close (esc)" icon-x icon-chevron icon-x help center