来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20181113110718/https://www.compacc.com/faq
================================================================================

faq sign in my account items: 0 | total: $0.00 shopping cart item(s) added to your shopping cart. your shopping cart [x] hide subtotal: $0.00 modify cart / checkout 855-518-6681 home accessories & gear apparel & gear compacc gear gear aeromoto shadow sliders sidi boots atv & utv accessories offroad accessories street & cruiser accessories v-twin accessories big bike parts ® touring accessories cruiser accessories luggage goldwing gl1500 gl1800 2001-2017 gl1800 2018+ vehicle covers street off road tires sliders aeromoto shadow sliders oem parts can-am atv side x side spyder honda atv fl models motorcycle scooter side x side indian scout cruiser bagger touring kawasaki atv jet ski motorcycle side x side ktm motorcycle polaris atv general ranger & rzr sea-doo personal watercraft slingshot slingshot star motorcycle suzuki atv motorcycle scooter yamaha atv generator motorcycle scooter side x side waverunner victory bagger cruiser touring oem accessories can-am apparel & riding gear atv side x side spyder oils & chemicals honda atv motorcycle scooter side x side oils & chemicals indian apparel & gear accessories oils & chemicals kawasaki apparel & gear atv jet ski motorcycle side x side oils & chemicals ktm powerparts powerwear polaris apparel & gear atv side x side oils & chemicals slingshot slingshot sea-doo accessories apparel & gear oils & chemicals star accessories apparel & gear oils & chemicals suzuki apparel & gear adventure atv cruiser dual sport motocross scooter sportbike oils & chemicals yamaha apparel & gear atv motorcycle scooter side x side oils & chemicals watercraft victory apparel & gear motorcycle oils & chemicals tires cruiser dunlop metzeler michelin shinko sport michelin shinko dunlop dual sport shinko dunlop touring bridgestone dunlop shinko frequently asked questions 1. how do i find oem parts on this site? the best way to use competitionaccessories.com is by creating an account on our site and logging in. once you do that, use either the drop down navigation at the top or links on the page; select the brand you are working on, then select the type of vehicle, and then the year of your ride. you will then be shown a list of all of the vehicles we have information for that meet those requirements. if you don't see your ride or you are not sure which version to use, call 1 (855) 518-6681 and one of our customer service representatives will gladly help you out. once you have your vehicle selected, try to pick the assembly you think is most likely to have the part you are looking for. unfortunately, some of the manufacturers don't think quite like the rest of us and they associate parts a bit differently than we would. if you don't see what you are looking for, click the "change assembly" button and that will bring up all of the vehicle's assemblies with thumbnail images so you can try to figure out which one you need to look at. again, if you can't find it, feel free to call one of our customer service representatives and they will help guide you to the correct assembly. once you have the right assembly page, select the parts you need by clicking the "add" or "see price in cart" button. the cart will appear in the top right corner of your screen with what you have selected and the price at which we sell that part. don't worry, if you select the wrong part or decide you don't want it, you can always remove it from the cart later. you can hide the cart by clicking the "x" in the top right corner so you can select more parts. after you have selected all of the parts you need, you can click the "modify cart/checkout" button in the popup cart or click the shopping cart icon at the top right of the page. once you are on the cart page, you can modify the quantities of each part, remove parts, and estimate the shipping charges by entering your zip code and selecting your state. once you have what you want in the cart, you can continue to our secure checkout pages and place your order. 2. can i assume that the picture i am looking at is what i am ordering? like most online retailers, whenever possible we use product images provided by the manufacturers to accurately represent each item we carry. while we will always do our best to use exact images of our products, some differences may still exist between the pictured item and what you order. please read the item’s description to get a clear understanding of the product, or give us a call if you have any questions. 3. do you ship out of country? unfortunately, at this time we only ship to the united states and canada*. we are currently unable to ship to any other countries or u.s. territories. we apologize for any inconvenience this may cause. *brp products cannot be purchased by, or shipped to someone outside of the united states. the billing address and shipping address must be to the united states. 4. do you accept accounts/bank cards from other countries? we currently only accept payments from canada or the usa. 5. do you accept money orders or checks? while we do accept all major credit cards (including prepaid), debit cards, and paypal, we do not accept money orders or checks. 6. why does it take 3-5 business days before shipping? quickly processing and shipping your order is a top priority for competitionaccessories.com. still, because of our huge selection of parts and accessories, many orders require us to special order items directly from the manufacturer. due to this, we maintain a general shipping requirement of 3-5 business days. 7. what if i am only a few days outside of the return policy? while we feel that our 60-day return policy allows ample time for product inspection, we do understand that sometimes you may not be able to return a product in this time. unfortunately, due to the special-order nature of most of our products, we are also forced to stick to some pretty strict return policies by the manufacturers. as such, we must maintain the 60-day return policy on our end. 8. how do i create a return? if you find you need to return a product, you can generate a return request by visiting competitionaccessories.com. click on "no hassle returns. if you have any return questions, please feel free to give us a call 1-855-518-6681. 9. why does the return form ask for my vin number? by providing us with your vehicle’s vin, we are able to verify that the parts you are looking for are listed correctly in our system and will fit your bike or atv. this is meant to ensure that you always get the right part, and to help us weed out any incorrectly labeled parts by the manufacturers. 10. how do i create a login or account? easy enough: simply place an order with us! order any part or accessory through competitionaccessories.com and you’ll be asked to create an account at checkout. 11. when am i charged for the parts i order? in order to provide our customers with the largest selection of parts and accessories possible, we must special order many of our parts directly from the manufacturers. for this reason, as soon as you place an order with us, you will be charged for the full amount of your order. in the event that a product is returned, you will be refunded the full amount, minus the shipping cost and any required restocking fees. 12. have i been charged for my part that is on back order? all parts and accessories in your order will be charged to you upon placement of your order. if a part is on back order and you wish to cancel your order, please give us a call and we’ll refund the appropriate amount. 13. what shipping methods are used to ship my package? most smaller packages will be shipped via the u.s. postal service, while larger items are usually delivered via ups. in certain cases, oversized orders must be shipped via ups freight. 14. can i add a part to my order? unfortunately, at this time, we are unable to add any additional items once an order has been submitted. we apologize for the inconvenience. 15. if i just placed an order and now need to order another part, do i have to pay another shipping charge? if you have just placed your order and need to add another part, we are sometimes able to cancel your first order so that you may place a new one with all of the parts you needed. but the order must be caught within a day of it being initially placed, or your order will already have been processed. in these situations, please give us a call and we’ll do everything we can to eliminate the need for a second shipping charge. 16. can i change the speed of my order after it has already been placed? at this time we only offer standard ground shipping. 17. why have i been charged multiple times? this is usually associated with a customer’s billing address differing from what is entered when placing an order. if these two addresses do not match and you try to place an order, a pre-authorized order will be placed but the order will not go through our system. these pre-authorized orders made with non-matching billing addresses will ultimately not be charged to you and will be removed from your account statement within 3-5 business days. only orders made with matching billing addresses will be processed and fully charged to your account. as with any online retailer, we strongly recommend that you ensure any billing address you provide matches what is on file with your bank. if you feel you have been double charged for another reason than described above, please give us a call and we’ll correct the problem immediately. 18. do you do price matching? yes!  we offer guaranteed lowest prices or we'll match it, call today at 1-855-518-6681 we want your business! if you find a lower delivered price on the same item we’ll beat it! it’s just that simple. please take note of where you found the price and give us a call at 1-855-518-6681 or send us an email. we will verify their total price and then place your price matched order with us. there are some exclusions, like tires for example. the ability to price match is ultimately left to our discretion, but for the most part we will beat pretty much any price from a legitimate us dealer. contact us today for the lowest price! exclusions include: - competition accessories reserves the right to verify another company's product availability and price before issuing a price match guarantee. - the terms of our low price guarantee are subject to change at any time. - the guarantee does not apply to items sold at offline retail locations. - the guarantee does not apply to items sold at e-bay or any other auction, classified ad, trading or "swap" sites, or those sold by individuals not qualifying as retailers. online retailers that do not disclose contact information, including a mailing address and origin of shipments will not be price matched. - online retailers known to list or sell motorcycle apparel, parts, and accessoies from unauthorized, or illegal, sources will not be price matched. - competition accessories will not match competitors' coupons, or any items contained in, or containing, special giveaways, rebates, bundles, or any extra incentives. - our policy applies only to advertised prices. it does not apply to special offers or promotions, including rebates, free-with-purchase offers and special financing. - we only price match domestic (usa websites in us funds). - limited to stock on hand. not applicable to special order items. - we reserve the right to limit quantities or cancel orders at our discretion. - under most circumstances we are unable to price match once your order has been placed. 19. i am unsure of what size to order. do you have any size charts? due to the variations in sizes between apparel manufacturers, we do not offer size charts at this time. if you order an item and it does not fit, it can be returned as long as it is in “new and unused” condition and has all of its original packaging (closeout items are non-returnable). 20. if i am unsatisfied with my parts, am i able to exchange them? you may return any parts that you are unsatisfied with for a refund. additional or replacement parts may then be purchased as a new order. read warranty and return policy » 21. do you offer any paper catalogs? currently, we do not offer paper catalogs or flyers. 22. do you offer titles for the frames that you sell? as with any frame purchased online, we are unable to offer titles (we do not sell frames for honda or ktm). only your local dmv will be able to issue a replacement title for your new frame. each state has different requirements for this process. please contact your dmv for more details. 23. do the batteries that you sell come with electrolytes? due to shipping regulations, the majority of batteries we sell are sold and shipped dry (without liquids). if you have a question about a specific battery, please call our sales department and we will be more than happy to assist you. most oem batteries take additional time to receive in as they must come from a third party vendor. 24. after my return arrives at your warehouse, how long will it take to get a refund? returns are usually refunded within 7-10 business days after we receive the returned parts. if you have a question with a particular return, please give us a call and we’ll try to help. 25. how will i be receiving my refund? all refunds are returned to the account that was used for the initial purchase. with many bank cards, returns can take 3-5 business days to credit into your account. paypal refunds are usually credited immediately, and you’ll receive and email when the return has been processed. 26. why does it take 3-5 weeks to recieve my owners manual? owners manuals are printed on demand when available.  in many cases, we are not able to obtain the owners manual but we are able to obtain the owners manual bag.  this does not include the manual.  please call us if you have questions regarding this. 27.  what if i have questions about my color code? please give us a call with any questions that you may have that that pertain to the color code.  our number is 1-855-518-6681. follow us facebook youtube twitter google+ customer service contact us phone support: 1-855-518-6681 customer service hours 9 am - 6 pm est, monday - friday order info your cart your account track your order site terms terms of sale return form no hassle returns company info about us faq policies home ©2012-2018 all rights reserved. site powered by vnext technologies, inc. hello sign in and enjoy all the member benefits right now. sign in not a member yet?  start here no thanks, not now