来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20201230043739/https://www.aeropostale.com/returns
================================================================================

returns buy 1 get 1 free jeans + fs $50 details 0 your shopping cart is empty free shippingorders over $50 find a store select country my account my account login register menu aeropostale aeropostale girls view home tops tees bottoms jeans dresses + jumpsuits matching sets jackets accessories shoes bras + undies fragrance clearance collections view all new arrivals rock the vote lounge life seamless destroyed denim face coverings tiny tops uniform twisted for tie dye jeans guide online only tribe of tees extended sizes guys view home tops tees bottoms jeans jackets accessories flip flops + slides underwear cologne clearance collections view all new arrivals rock the vote face coverings new aero logo tech fleece chill zone uniform twisted for tie dye jeans guide online only extended sizes jeans view home girls jeans view all buy 1 get 1 free destroyed denim jeggings high rise jeans low rise jeans curvy jeans cheeky jeans ankle jeggings bootcut jeans skinny jeans skater jeans boyfriend jeans premium seriously stretchy real denim flex effects eco-friendly repreve guys jeans view all buy 1 get 1 free destroyed denim skinny jeans slim jeans straight jeans slim bootcut jeans athletic skinny jeans relaxed jeans 90's dad jeans loose jeans premium max stretch coolmax flex effects max stretch eco-friendly aero world view home violet sydney sheikh mari haley gage eco-friendly new arrivals view home girls view all just in rock the vote face coverings tiny tops best sellers online only destroyed denim music + pop culture matching sets jewelry guys view all just in rock the vote tech fleece face coverings new aero logo best sellers online only real denim music + pop culture destroyed denim clearance view home girls view all new to clearance $9.99 + under $4.99 + under clearance tees tops bottoms dresses + skirts accessories bras + undies swimwear guys view all new to clearance $9.99 + under clearance tees tops bottoms accessories select country help - live chat help - call us sign up/login refer a friend search catalog search your browser's javascript functionality is turned off. please turn it on so that you can experience the full capabilities of this site. refine your results by: close shop returns credit damaged defective items returning an item returns & exchanges purchase and return policy at this time, aéropostale will now accept returns and exchanges for up to 90 days from the date of purchase. online purchases you can purchase up to 50 units of aéropostale® merchandise per day. purchases above 50 units per day by a single customer will not be allowed. we take pride in our aéropostale® brand and our customers by designing, sourcing, marketing and selling our own merchandise. as a result, we do not authorize the resale of aéropostale® merchandise. unwashed, unworn, or defective merchandise with original price tickets may be returned or exchanged within 60 days of the date of purchase with the original sales or gift receipt. swimwear and underwear can only be returned/exchanged with the price tickets attached. we may refuse or delay returns if fraud or abuse is suspected. online purchases, made in both the united states and canada, can be returned by mail to the aeropostale returns center located at 350 omega parkway, shepherdsville, ky 40165. only online purchases made in the united states can be returned to stores. online orders must include the return form or bottom portion of the original packing slip. shipping and handling costs, gift-wrap costs and other charges are non-refundable. all approved returns made within 60 days of the purchase date will be issued a full refund to the original form of payment (including gift purchases) within 30 days of receiving your returned package in store purchases you can purchase up to 50 units of aéropostale® merchandise per day. purchases above 50 units per day by a single customer will not be allowed. we take pride in our aéropostale® brand and our customers by designing, sourcing, marketing and selling our own merchandise. as a result, we do not authorize the resale of aéropostale® merchandise. purchases of unwashed, unworn, or defective merchandise made in any u.s. aéropostale® store may be returned or exchanged within 60 days of the date of purchase with the original sales or gift receipt. returns with an original sales receipt will be refunded in the manner in which the original purchase was made. returns with an original gift receipt will be refunded with a merchandise return card at the selling price on the gift receipt. returns will not be accepted without an original sales or gift receipt. all returns will reflect original discounts and promotions u.s. purchases made using paypal credit® or paypal® as a payment method can be returned in store for a store credit, not a refund to your account. for account refund, merchandise can be returned by mail. (see above) swimwear and underwear can only be returned/ exchanged with the price tickets attached. attention international shoppers – we cannot process exchanges or returns via the mail. all returns/exchanges of purchases made in a u.s. store must be done in person in one of our u.s. stores and must be accompanied by the original sales or gift receipt. online exclusive policy online-only items, online purchases made in canada, room merchandise (including bedding and accessories), and fragrance cannot be returned to stores. these can only be returned to the aeropostale return center located at 350 omega parkway, shepherdsville, ky 40165. please follow the directions on the pack slip to refer to the online purchase return policy for more details. to return items by mail online purchases of unwashed, unworn, or defective merchandise may be returned by mail within 60 days of the date of purchase for a full refund to the original form of payment used for this purchase (including gift purchases). credit will be issued within 30 days of receiving your returned package. online purchases made in canada and online only merchandise must be returned by mail with the original sales or gift receipt. returns will not be accepted without an original sales or gift receipt. items purchased online and picked up in an aéropostale store must be exchanged or returned to a us store and must be accompanied by the original pickup receipt. all returns will reflect original discounts and promotions. affix the pre-paid, pre-addressed label onto your return package. no postage necessary. $7 will be deducted from your return credit for use of the label. please select a "reason for return" code on the packing slip and include the packing slip in your return package. if you cannot send your packing slip, please include your order number, billing name, and address with the item. drop off your package at any ups store, ups drop box, office depot, or staples. track your return by logging into your account at www.aeropostale.com if you would prefer to use your own shipping method at your own expense, follow steps 1 & 2 above and return the package via an insured shipping service to: aeropostale returns center, 350 omega parkway, shepherdsville, ky 40165. sorry, we cannot accept cods. all approved returns made within 60 days of the purchase date will be issued a full refund to the original form of payment (including gift purchases) within 30 days of receiving your returned package. we will not accept c.o.d. or third-party billing for returned merchandise. u.s. purchases made using paypal credit® or paypal® as a payment method can be returned by mail for refund to your account. if shipping damages occur, please contact the carrier or our customer service department at 877-289-2376 (option #1). gift cards sales are final. orders greater than 50 units are final sale and non-refundable. no adjustments. no exchanges. no returns. no exceptions. to return to store online purchases made at www.aeropostale.com may be returned to any aeropostale store in the usa. exceptions include online-only merchandise (denoted by *** in product title), fragrance items and international purchases (see policy below). these purchases must be returned by mail. unwashed, unworn, or defective merchandise may be returned or exchanged within 60 days of the date of purchase with the original sales or gift receipt. swimwear and underwear can only be returned/ exchanged with the price tickets attached. returns will not be accepted without an original sales or gift receipt. all returns will reflect original discounts and promotions. returns of items purchased with a credit card will be refunded in the manner in which the original purchase was made. online purchases using paypal or paypal credit which are returned to a store will be refunded to an aeropostale gift card. for a refund to your paypal account, items must be returned by mail. items purchased online and picked up in store can only be returned in store. these items cannot be returned by mail. shipping costs cannot be refunded in store. if you are entitled to a shipping refund, it can only be issued by calling customer service at 877-289-2376, option 1 gift returns accompanied by this packing slip may be exchanged for a new item or a merchandise credit for the gift item price. please bring the following to the store: the unworn items with price tickets attached this packing slip as proof of purchase gift returns accompanied by this packing slip may be exchanged for a new item or a merchandise credit for the gift item price. please bring the following to the store: international returns and exchanges at this time, we do not facilitate exchanges on international shipments; however, if for any reason you are not satisfied with your purchase, please contact us by email. we will provide you with further instructions to facilitate your return, including the return authorization process, the location to where returns are required to be shipped back, and the amount you will be refunded. if approved, refund amounts for returned items will be credited to you as soon as the items are received and the credits processed by our partner borderfree. your refund will be credited in the same currency and using the same exchange rate as your original order. please click here to visit our international helpdesk. returning an item please note that orders greater than 50 units are final sale and items cannot be returned online or in-store. no adjustments. no exchanges. no returns. no exceptions. returns to our online store when you receive your order, the packing slip will contain detailed instructions for returning an item. here are the basic steps: pack the item securely in the original package, if possible. affix the pre-paid, pre-addressed label onto your return package. no postage necessary. $7 will be deducted from your return credit for use of the label. please select a "reason for return" code on the packing slip and include the packing slip in your return package. if you cannot send your packing slip, please include your order number, billing name, and address with the item. drop off your package at any ups store, ups drop box, office depot, or staples. track your return by logging into your account at www.aeropostale.com if you would prefer to use your own shipping method at your own expense, return the package via an insured shipping service to: aéropostale® returns center: 350 omega parkway, shepherdsville, ky 40165 all return shipping charges must be prepaid. we cannot accept c.o.d. deliveries. all approved online returns made within 60 days of the purchase date will be issued a full refund to the original form of payment (including gift purchases) within 30 days of receiving your returned package. please note that your original shipping costs will not be refunded. all products must be returned in good condition, in original boxes (whenever possible), and with all accessories to ensure full credit. keep the return tracking number from the package you are returning to ensure that the package is returned to the warehouse. returns to an aeropostale retail store it is easy to return products purchased on www.aeropostale.com to any aéropostale® store. just follow these steps: find the nearest aéropostale® store by using our store locator (please note that returns must be made in-person. aéropostale® retail stores do not accept returns via mail). online returns must be accompanied by an original packing slip. be sure to keep a copy of the packing slip for your records. online purchases made in canada, online-only items. room merchandise and fragrance cannot be returned to stores. returns/exchanges will be accepted for unwashed, unworn or defective merchandise within 60 days of the original purchase date with the original sales or gift receipt. take the item and original packing slip to any aéropostale® store. aéropostale® merchandise must be returned to an aéropostale® location. the store associate will process your return and issue you a credit to the original form of payment if payment was made with a gift card or credit card. purchases made using paypal credit® or paypal® as a payment method that are returned to a store will be refunded to a merchandise return card. if you wish to receive credit to your paypal or paypal credit® account, please ship your items back using our online return option. returns made with a gift receipt will be refunded to a merchandise return card. please allow 30 days for the credit to appear on your billing statement. please note that your original shipping costs will not be refunded. damaged or defective items if you receive a damaged or defective item, contact a customer service representative within 30 days of delivery at 877-289-2376. please supply the representative with: order number item number tracking number from your original confirmation e-mail e-mail address phone number www.aeropostale.com will make every reasonable effort to assist you with your return. if you do not contact customer service, you are responsible for all return shipping charges. if there is extensive damage to the carton, contact a customer service representative immediately at 877-289-2376. please supply the representative with: order number item number tracking number from your original confirmation e-mail e-mail address phone number credit you can expect a refund in the same form of payment originally used for purchase within 30 days of our receiving your returned product. credit to gift cards if an online gift certificate or gift card was used, the refund amount will be applied to your online gift certificate or gift card. if you no longer have the original gift card, please contact our customer service department at 877-289-2376 to receive a new gift card or online code. refine your results by: close shop returns credit damaged defective items returning an item returns & exchanges sign up for email sign up for aéropostale emails to get the latest styles & offers for more information, please see our privacy policy. california residents, see our california privacy notice and do not sell my personal information page. enter your email sign up join aero's mobile vip club get texts with exclusive mobile offers and inspo sign up now for more information, please see our privacy policy. california residents, see our california privacy notice and do not sell my personal information page. follow us customer care order status track your order shipping and handling returns size charts contact us help coupon page my account accessibility buy online, pick up in store gift cards gift cards lost/stolen gift cards check gift card balance about us about aeropostale careers terms of use privacy policy ca privacy policy do not sell my personal information ca transparency act supply chain stay connected visit a store find store coupons live chat (9am - 11pm est) call us use student discount store faqs © 2020 aeropostale. all rights reserved.