来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20201230043739/https://www.aeropostale.com/customer-service/privacy-and-security/privacy-policy.html
================================================================================

ecommerce solutions on-demand | demandware privacy policy mix & match jeans & shorts + buy 1, get 1 free! details menu aeropostale aeropostale girls view home new arrivals tops tees activewear bottoms jeans dresses + jumpsuits matching sets jackets accessories shoes bras + undies swimwear fragrance clearance collections view all new arrivals aero impact 90's vibes air soft staycation tribe of tees new! extended sizes lounge life destroyed denim face coverings seamless uniform twisted for tie dye jeans guide guys view home new arrivals tops tees activewear bottoms jeans jackets accessories underwear cologne clearance collections view all new arrivals aero impact 90's vibe air staycation limitless tribe of tees face coverings new aero logo chill zone uniform twisted for tie dye jeans guide jeans view home girls jeans view all buy 1 get 1 free available in size 20 low rise jeans high rise jeans super high rise jeans curvy jeans cheeky jeans skinny jeans jeggings mom jeans boyfriend jeans 90s super high rise straight jeans bootcut jeans skater jeans 90s super high rise baggy jeans 90s jeans air sculpt premium seriously stretchy real denim flex effects eco-friendly repreve guys jeans view all buy 1 get 1 free stacked ultra skinny jeans skinny jeans athletic skinny jeans slim jeans slim straight straight jeans skater jeans relaxed jeans loose jeans denim jogger slim bootcut jeans premium air denim aero impact premium max stretch coolmax flex effects max stretch aero world view home jessica marin chy fiona polo jaylen kainoa noor aero impact new arrivals view home girls view all just in air soft staycation face coverings tiny tops best sellers online only music + pop culture matching sets jewelry guys view all just in air staycation face coverings new aero logo best sellers online only music + pop culture clearance view home girls view all new to clearance $9.99 + under $4.99 + under clearance tees tops bottoms dresses + skirts accessories bras + undies swimwear guys view all new to clearance $9.99 + under clearance tees tops bottoms accessories help - live chat help - call us sign up/login refer a friend find a store select country search catalog search select country login register your shopping cart is empty free shippingorders over $50 your browser's javascript functionality is turned off. please turn it on so that you can experience the full capabilities of this site. privacy policy privacy policy this site is operated by aero opco llc and/or its affiliates (collectively, "aero", "we" or "us"). we recognize that the users and customers ("you") of our web site aeropostale.com and its respective mobile application (collectively, the "web site"), care how information about them is used and disclosed. we have created this privacy policy ("privacy policy") to inform you of our information collection, use and disclosure practices for the web site. california residents, please review the california privacy policy for information about certain legal rights. acceptance of terms by using our web site, you signify your acceptance of our privacy policy. by providing personal information (as defined below) to us through the web site, you signify your acceptance of our privacy policy with respect to the collection and use of personal information. if you do not agree to this privacy policy, please do not use our web site. please be advised that the practices described in this privacy policy apply only to information gathered through the web site and our aéropostale stores in the united states and puerto rico (the “stores”), and, where applicable, through the web site’s customer service department in connection with the web site, and do not necessarily reflect our practices with respect to information gathered through other web sites that we operate or through other off-line means. if you have any questions regarding this privacy policy please contact us at the addresses noted below. what information about me is collected, stored and used? we collect and store information that you enter into this web site or that you provide in the stores or through our customer service department. for example, when you open an account or place an order, we collect and store some or all of the following information that you provide: name, billing address, shipping address, email address, telephone number, credit card number and expiration date (collectively, "personal information"). this information is used to provide the products and services that you have ordered or requested, to process and ship orders, to send order and shipping confirmations and to provide customer service. some of this information also may be used to contact you about new products, sales, promotions, special offers, and events, product and customer surveys and new site features, unless you have opted not to receive promotional communications in connection with this web site. however, when you opt not to receive promotional communications, we collect and store certain information such as your email address in order to comply with your preferences. we collect and store certain other information automatically whenever you interact with our web site. for example, we collect your ip address, browser information and reference site domain name every time you visit the web site. we also collect information regarding customer traffic patterns and site usage. this information is used to analyze and improve the web site and to provide our customers with a fulfilling shopping experience. our web site may use location-based services to verify your location and to deliver relevant advertising based on your location (such as to display the location of our nearest retail store to you), and share your location with our affiliates and service providers as part of our location-based services. we, along with our service providers, use cookies and similar technologies known as “pixel tags”, “web beacons” or “clear gifs” on our web site. cookies are small text files that a web browser uses to store certain data which helps us to identify your preferences and to optimize your shopping experience our web site. cookies also allow us to hold selections in a shopping cart when you leave our web site without checking out. pixel tags, web beacons or clear gifs are small electronic images (often a single pixel (1x1) that are ordinarily not visible to web site visitors and may be associated with cookies on the visitor’s hard drive) used by our service providers on our web site as part of our advertising program which helps us display customized advertisements to you based on your browsing behavior and to evaluate the effectiveness of our program. we may use third-party web analytics services on our web site, such as google analytics. the information collected for this purpose (including your ip address, time of request, address of the web page that referred you to our web site, browser characteristics, operating system characteristics and other information collected by automated means) may be disclosed to or collected directly by these service providers and used subject to the terms of those services. by using our web site, you consent to the processing of data about you by google and other analytics providers in the manner and for the purposes set out above. for more information regarding google analytics please visit google's website, and pages that describe google analytics, such as www.google.com/analytics/learn/privacy.html most web browsers accept cookies automatically but allow you to disable them. if you disable cookies, you may not be able to utilize all of the features on our web site. for instructions on how to disable cookies, you should consult the “help” section of your browser. in addition, you may find more information about cookies and internet-based advertising and managing your preferences for internet-based advertising by clicking here. . our web site is not designed to respond to “do not track” signals received from browsers, however, you may opt-out of receiving customized interest-based advertisements from members of the digital advertising alliance by visiting daa’s consumer choice page by clicking here. if you access our web site or mobile applications with your log-in credentials from a social networking site (such as facebook, instagram, pinterest or twitter) or if you otherwise agree to associate your account with us with a social networking site, we may receive personal information about you from such social networking site, in accordance with the terms of use and privacy policy of the social networking site. we may add this to the information we have already collected from you via other interactions. we may also collect and store information about you that we receive from other on line and off line sources, to enable us to update and correct the information contained in our database and to provide product recommendations and special offers that we think will interest you. is information collected from children? we are aware of the concerns regarding the collection of personal information from children. as a result, we do not collect any personal information from anyone who we know to be under the age of 13. if you are under the age of 13, you should use our web site only with the involvement of a parent or guardian and should not submit any personal information to us. if a parent or guardian becomes aware that a child under the age of 13 has submitted personal information on our web site, please contact us as noted below and we will remove the personal information about the individual from our database. with whom do you disclose information? we disclose personal information to our affiliates, service providers and others with your consent or as otherwise described in this privacy policy. we may disclose personal information with our affiliates, strategic and/or marketing partners and with our service providers. certain of our affiliates and service providers may disclose this personal information to their affiliates and/or service providers whom they engage to perform services related to the web site or the operation of our business. examples of these services include payment processing and authorization, fraud protection and credit risk reduction, product customization, order fulfillment and shipping, marketing and promotional material distribution, web site evaluation, data analysis and, where applicable, data cleansing. these service providers are authorized to use this personal information only in connection with the services they are engaged to perform. we may disclose personal information if we believe in good faith that: the law or legal process requires it; we have received a valid administrative request from a law enforcement agency; or such release is necessary to protect our rights, property or safety or those of any of our affiliates, service providers, customers or others. we may disclose non-personal information with our marketing partners, advertisers and others from time to time. examples of such non-personal information include the number of users who visited this web site during a specific time period or purchased a specific product through this web site. this information generally is shared in an aggregated form. we may also disclose or transfer your personal information in the event one of our companies is involved in a merger, acquisition, consolidation, sale of our business or substantially all of our assets, or declares bankruptcy. what about interactive areas? our web site may provide interactive areas, such as chat rooms, forums and message boards where you can publicly post information about, among other things, our products. just like with social media channels, anything you post will be made publicly available. you are not required to provide any personal information (including your image) when using these areas but you may choose to do so. please exercise caution when deciding to disclose personal information in these areas. we strongly recommend that you do not use your personal information as your user name or image. we cannot ensure the security of any information you choose to make public in a chat room, forum, or message board. also, we cannot ensure that parties who have access to such publicly available information will respect your privacy. what steps are taken to keep personal information secure? the security of your information is important to us. we have implemented various security measures, including secure socket layer (ssl) encryption technology, designed to protect your personal information that we collect. if you place an order through our web site, you will be asked to provide a valid email address. you may also set up an account by providing a valid email address and password. unfortunately, no transmission of information over the internet can be guaranteed to be 100% secure and, therefore, we cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information. in order to help protect personal information you provide to us, you: (i) should not share your password or account information with others, (ii) should use a secure web browser, and (iii) should change your password frequently. if you wish to cancel your password, or if you become aware of any loss, theft or unauthorized use of your password, please contact customer service as noted below. how can i access, correct and update personal information? you can access, correct, update and delete certain personal information that you have provided to us by clicking on "my account" within the “help” section of this web site. alternatively, you may access, update or remove the information you provided to us by contacting us as noted below. we may take a reasonable period of time to respond to any request to update or modify any information, limit use of information or to opt out of or unsubscribe from any communications. we may also ask for additional information to authenticate the request. if you request the deletion, modification or limitation of use of your personal information maintained by us we will promptly review your request and respond. if we grant your request, such information may be retained for a reasonable period of time in our backup systems as a precaution against system failures. some information may be retained for longer periods as required by law, contract or auditing requirements. in some circumstances we will not be able to limit use of your personal information without unsubscribing you from communications or deleting your information. can i indicate whether or not i want to receive promotional communications? there are several ways in which you can tell us whether or not you want to receive promotional communications from us. when you set up an account, or click on "manage your account" within the help desk area, or place an order, you will have an opportunity to make or change your selections in this regard. you also will have an opportunity to change these selections by clicking on the "unsubscribe" hyperlink contained in promotional emails we send you. please allow two weeks for us to process your unsubscribe request. you may still receive emails for us while your request is being processed. if you no longer wish to receive push notifications on your mobile device, please consult your mobile device’s user guide. what happens when i link to or from another web site? our web site may contain links to other web sites operated by our affiliates or third parties. please be advised that the practices described in this privacy policy do not apply to information gathered through third party web sites and that we are not responsible for the privacy policies, practices or contents of these other web sites. we encourage you to be aware of when you leave our web site and to read the privacy policies of each and every web site that you visit. what about promotions? when we run a contest, sweepstakes or other promotion relating to our web site, it will be accompanied by a set of rules. the rules for each contest/sweepstakes may specify how the information gathered from you as part for entry will be used and disclosed, if different than as described in this privacy policy. how do we treat the information of international users? our digital operations are conducted, in whole or in part, in the united states. regardless of where you live, you consent to have your personal data transferred, processed, and stored in the united states, and allow us to use and collect your personal information in accordance with this privacy policy. your california privacy rights california residents, please review the california privacy policy for information about certain legal rights. your nevada privacy rights nevada residents have the right to request that we do not sell your personal information at any time in the future. if you are a nevada resident and wish to exercise this right, please email privacy@aeropostale.com with your request that we do not sell your personal information. additional information no transmission of data over the internet is guaranteed to be completely secure. it may be possible for third parties not under our control intercept or access transmissions or private communications unlawfully. while we strive to protect your personal information, we cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to us. any such transmission is done at your own risk. if you choose to visit our web site, your visit and any dispute over privacy is subject to this privacy policy and our terms of use including but not limited to limitations of damages and application of the law of the state of new york. under no circumstances, including but not limited to negligence, shall aero or any of our affiliates or respective service providers be liable for any special, incidental or consequential damages that result from the use of the information or materials on the web site even if aero, our affiliates or any of our service providers or an authorized representative thereof has been advised of the possibility of such damages. how will i be informed about changes regarding this privacy policy? we reserve the right to modify this privacy policy at any time. if we modify this privacy policy, we will post the revised privacy policy on the web site and note the date the privacy policy was last updated. we also may highlight the link to the privacy police, post a notice on the web site or send an email describing the changes. you should check the web site regularly to see if any recent changes to this privacy policy have occurred. how do you contact us? if you have any questions regarding this privacy policy please send an email to privacy@aeropostale.com or write to us at: aeropostale.com, attn: aéropostale--privacy officer, 915 s. babcock st., melbourne, fl 32901. if you believe your password has been compromised or need to contact customer service, you may reach us by e-mail at customerservice@aeropostale.com, or by phone at 877-289-2376. last updated january 1, 2020. sign up for email sign up for aéropostale emails to get the latest styles & offers for more information, please see our privacy policy. california residents, see our california privacy notice and do not sell my personal information page. enter your email sign up shopping help track your order help faqs shipping and handling returns size charts coupon page use student discount buy online, pick up in store live chat (8am - 2am est) accessibility statement gift cards gift cards lost/stolen gift cards check gift card balance about us about aeropostale careers supply chain find a store contact us sign up for email sign up for aéropostale emails to get the latest styles & offers. for more information, please see our privacy policy. california residents, see our california privacy notice and do not sell my personal information page. sign up for aero texts join the party! text join to 237687. messages are recurring. message & data rates may apply. terms & conditions text stop to 237687 to unsubscribe. questions? call us at 877-289-2376. details sign up now follow us terms of use accessibility statement privacy policy ca transparency act © 2020 aeropostale. all rights reserved. customer care order status track your order shipping and handling returns size charts contact us help coupon page my account accessibility buy online, pick up in store gift cards gift cards lost/stolen gift cards check gift card balance about us about aeropostale careers terms of use privacy policy ca privacy policy do not sell my personal information ca transparency act supply chain stay connected visit a store find store coupons live chat (9am - 11pm est) call us use student discount store faqs © 2020 aeropostale. all rights reserved.