来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20221231143323/https://www.aeropostale.com/customer-service/cs-detailed-pages/returns.html
================================================================================

return policy everything 60% off or more + free ship over $25!* women men * all jeans 60% off + free ship over $25!* women men * graphic tees starting at $6.99!* women men * just dropped: haul-a-busters from $6.99! women men * aero x klarna gift now, pay later with klarna. details menu women back women shop all women new arrivals tops women tops shop all tops hoodies + sweatshirts shirts + flannels graphic tees sweaters knit tops polos camis + tanks bottoms women bottoms shop all bottoms jeans pants joggers + sweatpants leggings + active skirts shorts outerwear women outerwear shop all outerwear puffer vests shacket denim jackets hoodies + sweats women hoodies + sweats shop all hoodies + sweats hoodies + sweatshirts joggers + sweatpants dresses + rompers women dresses + rompers shop all dresses + rompers dresses rompers matching sets loungewear women loungewear shop all loungewear tops bottoms sleepwear leggings bras + undies accessories women accessories shop all accessories $10 + under hats + beanies fragrance + beauty hair accessories socks belts shoes watches + jewelry home + gifts sunglasses bralettes + undies women bralettes + undies shop all bralettes + undies bralettes undies fragrance collections women collections haul-a-busters emma's shop #trendingnow best sellers matching sets online only uniform extended sizes aero impact borrowed from the boys men back men shop all men new arrivals tops men tops shop all tops hoodies + sweatshirts shirts + flannels graphic tees tees polos sweaters bottoms men bottoms shop all bottoms jeans pants joggers & sweats shorts outerwear men outerwear shop all outerwear puffer vests shacket denim jackets jackets hoodies + sweats men hoodies + sweats shop all hoodies + sweats hoodies + sweatshirts joggers + sweats activewear men activewear shop all activewear tops bottoms underwear accessories men accessories shop all accessories $10 + under sunglasses cologne socks hats + beanies belts watches underwear cologne collections men collections haul-a-busters zack's shop #trendingnow best sellers matching sets online only uniform extended sizes aero impact multipacks jeans back jeans shop all jeans women jeans women shop all women wide leg jeans low + loose jeans flare jeans mom jeans 90's baggy jeans 90's jeans jeggings curvy jeans skinny jeans bootcut jeans men jeans men shop all men skinny jeans super skinny jeans athletic jeans slim jeans straight jeans relaxed jeans baggy jeans denim jogger gifts back gifts shop all gifts women gifts women shop all women holiday's most wanted haul-a-busters emma's shop peanuts shop gifts under $10 gifts under $20 splurge worthy gifts men gifts men shop all men holiday's most wanted haul-a-busters zack's shop peanuts shop gifts under $10 gifts under $20 splurge worthy gifts gift cards clearance back clearance shop all clearance women clearance women shop all women new to clearance tops jeans bottoms dresses + skirts bralettes + undies shoes + accessories swimwear $9.99 + under $4.99 + under final sale men clearance men shop all men new to clearance tops bottoms jeans accessories $9.99 + under final sale help - live chat help - call us register sign in refer a friend store locator track an order united states | usd aeropostale search catalog clear search search catalog clear search register sign in track an order get help your shopping cart is empty free shipping on orders over ﻿$25+ your browser's javascript functionality is turned off. please turn it on so that you can experience the full capabilities of this site. return policy purchase and return policy you can purchase genuine aéropostale products in our aéropostale stores and online at www.aeropostale.com. to find an aéropostale store near you, use the “store locator” button at www.aeropostale.com. we take pride in our aéropostale brand and our customers by designing, sourcing, marketing, and selling our own merchandise. as a result, we do not authorize the resale of aéropostale merchandise. online purchases you can purchase up to 50 units of aéropostale® merchandise per day. purchases above 50 units per day by a single customer will not be allowed. we take pride in our aéropostale® brand and our customers by designing, sourcing, marketing and selling our own merchandise. as a result, we do not authorize the resale of aéropostale® merchandise. unwashed, unworn, or defective merchandise with original price tickets may be returned or exchanged within 60 days of the date of purchase with the original sales or gift receipt. swimwear and underwear can only be returned/exchanged with the price tickets attached. we may refuse or delay returns if fraud or abuse is suspected. online purchases from us stores and us website, can be returned by mail to the aeropostale returns center located at 350 omega parkway, shepherdsville, ky 40165. only online purchases made in the united states can be returned to u.s. stores. online orders must include the return form or bottom portion of the original packing slip. shipping and handling costs, gift-wrap costs and other charges are non-refundable. all approved returns made within 60 days of the purchase date will be issued a full refund to the original form of payment (including gift purchases) within 30 days of receiving your returned package in store purchases you can purchase up to 50 units of aéropostale® merchandise per day. purchases above 50 units per day by a single customer will not be allowed. we take pride in our aéropostale® brand and our customers by designing, sourcing, marketing and selling our own merchandise. as a result, we do not authorize the resale of aéropostale® merchandise. purchases of unwashed, unworn, or defective merchandise made in any u.s. aéropostale® store may be returned or exchanged within 60 days of the date of purchase with the original sales or gift receipt. returns with an original sales receipt will be refunded in the manner in which the original purchase was made. returns with an original gift receipt will be refunded with a merchandise return card at the selling price on the gift receipt. returns will not be accepted without an original sales or gift receipt. all returns will reflect original discounts and promotions u.s. purchases made using paypal credit® or paypal® as a payment method can be returned in store for a store credit, not a refund to your account. for account refund, merchandise can be returned by mail. (see above) swimwear and underwear can only be returned/ exchanged with the price tickets attached. attention international shoppers – we cannot process exchanges or returns via the mail. all returns/exchanges of purchases made in a u.s. store must be done in person in one of our u.s. stores and must be accompanied by the original sales or gift receipt. buy online pick-up in store purchases made using paypal credit® or paypal® as a payment method for in-store pick up can be returned for store credit only. online exclusive policy online-only items, online purchases made in canada, room merchandise (including bedding and accessories), and fragrance cannot be returned to stores. these can only be returned to the aeropostale return center located at 350 omega parkway, shepherdsville, ky 40165. please follow the directions on the pack slip to refer to the online purchase return policy for more details. to return items by mail online purchases of unwashed, unworn, or defective merchandise may be returned by mail within 60 days of the date of purchase for a full refund to the original form of payment used for this purchase (including gift purchases). credit will be issued within 30 days of receiving your returned package. online purchases made in canada and online only merchandise must be returned by mail with the original sales or gift receipt. returns will not be accepted without an original sales or gift receipt. items purchased online and picked up in an aéropostale store must be exchanged or returned to a us store and must be accompanied by the original pickup receipt. all returns will reflect original discounts and promotions. affix the pre-paid, pre-addressed label onto your return package. no postage necessary. $7 will be deducted from your return credit for use of the label. please select a "reason for return" code on the packing slip and include the packing slip in your return package. if you cannot send your packing slip, please include your order number, billing name, and address with the item. drop off your package at any ups store, ups drop box, office depot, or staples. track your return by logging into your account at www.aeropostale.com if you would prefer to use your own shipping method at your own expense, follow steps 1 & 2 above and return the package via an insured shipping service to: aeropostale returns center, 350 omega parkway, shepherdsville, ky 40165. sorry, we cannot accept cods. all approved returns made within 60 days of the purchase date will be issued a full refund to the original form of payment (including gift purchases) within 30 days of receiving your returned package. we will not accept c.o.d. or third-party billing for returned merchandise. u.s. purchases made using paypal credit® or paypal® as a payment method can be returned by mail for refund to your account. if shipping damages occur, please contact the carrier or our customer service department at 877-289-2376 (option #1). gift cards sales are final. orders greater than 50 units are final sale and non-refundable. no adjustments. no exchanges. no returns. no exceptions. to return items to store unwashed, unworn, or defective merchandise may be returned or exchanged within 60 days of the date of purchase with the original sales or gift receipt. purchases made in a us aéropostale store must be exchanged or returned to a us store and must be accompanied by the original sales or gift receipt. items purchased online at www.aeropostale.com may be returned to a us store location with some exceptions. online returns must be accompanied by a packing slip/confirmation email. online purchases of online exclusive merchandise and purchases made using paypal, klarna, or other third party payment options, are subject to online purchase return policies. please see www.aeropostale.com for additional details. all aéropostale products purchased outside our aéropostale owned stores or www.aeropostale.com website must be returned directly to that retailer and different return policies may apply. please contact that retailer for details. returns with an original sales receipt/packing slip will be refunded in the manner in which the original purchase was made. returns with an original gift receipt will be refunded with an aéropostale merchandise credit at the selling price on the gift receipt. returns will not be accepted without an original sales or gift receipt. all returns will reflect original discounts and promotions. swimwear and undergarments can only be returned/exchanged with the price tickets attached. to receive a one-time price adjustment present your original aéropostale sales receipt within 7 days of purchase. international returns and exchanges at this time, we do not facilitate exchanges on international shipments; however, if for any reason you are not satisfied with your purchase, please contact us by email. we will provide you with further instructions to facilitate your return, including the return authorization process, the location to where returns are required to be shipped back, and the amount you will be refunded. if approved, refund amounts for returned items will be credited to you as soon as the items are received and the credits processed by our partner borderfree. your refund will be credited in the same currency and using the same exchange rate as your original order. please click here to visit our international helpdesk. merchandise must be returned in the same country that it was originally purchased in. we cannot process exchanges or returns via the mail. returning an item please note that orders greater than 50 units are final sale and items cannot be returned online or in-store. no adjustments. no exchanges. no returns. no exceptions. returns to our online store when you receive your order, the packing slip will contain detailed instructions for returning an item. here are the basic steps: pack the item securely in the original package, if possible. affix the pre-paid, pre-addressed label onto your return package. no postage necessary. $7 will be deducted from your return credit for use of the label. please select a "reason for return" code on the packing slip and include the packing slip in your return package. if you cannot send your packing slip, please include your order number, billing name, and address with the item. drop off your package at any ups store, ups drop box, office depot, or staples. track your return by logging into your account at www.aeropostale.com if you would prefer to use your own shipping method at your own expense, return the package via an insured shipping service to: aéropostale® returns center: 350 omega parkway, shepherdsville, ky 40165 all return shipping charges must be prepaid. we cannot accept c.o.d. deliveries. all approved online returns made within 60 days of the purchase date will be issued a full refund to the original form of payment (including gift purchases) within 30 days of receiving your returned package. please note that your original shipping costs will not be refunded. all products must be returned in good condition, in original boxes (whenever possible), and with all accessories to ensure full credit. keep the return tracking number from the package you are returning to ensure that the package is returned to the warehouse. returns to an aéropostale retail store it is easy to return products purchased on www.aeropostale.com to any aéropostale® store. please note that online purchases made in canada, online-only items, room merchandise and fragrance cannot be returned to stores. simply follow these steps: find the nearest aéropostale® store by using our store locator (please note that returns must be made in-person. aéropostale® retail stores do not accept returns via mail). online returns must be accompanied by an original packing slip. be sure to keep a copy of the packing slip for your records. online purchases made in canada, online-only items. room merchandise and fragrance cannot be returned to stores. the store associate will process your return and issue you a credit to the original form of payment if payment was made with a gift card or credit card. if an alternate payment method is used, your refund will be in the form of a store credit. the store associate will process your return and issue you a credit to the original form of payment if payment was made with a gift card or credit card. online purchases made using an alternate form of payment such as klarna, paypal credit®️, paypal®️, applepay etc. can be returned in store for a store credit only. for credit back to your original payment method, please send your items back using our online return option. all returns made with a gift receipt will be refunded as a store credit. please note that online purchases picked up in store (“bopis”) may only be returned in store. just follow these steps: please allow 30 days for the credit to appear on your billing statement. please note that your original shipping costs will not be refunded. if you are entitled to a shipping refund, it can only be issued by calling customer service at 877-289-2376, option 1. damaged or defective items if you receive a damaged or defective item, contact a customer service representative within 30 days of delivery at 877-289-2376. please supply the representative with: order number item number tracking number from your original confirmation e-mail e-mail address phone number www.aeropostale.com will make every reasonable effort to assist you with your return. if you do not contact customer service, you are responsible for all return shipping charges. if there is extensive damage to the carton, contact a customer service representative immediately at 877-289-2376. please supply the representative with: order number item number tracking number from your original confirmation e-mail e-mail address phone number credit you can expect a refund in the same form of payment originally used for purchase within 30 days of our receiving your returned product. credit to gift cards if an online gift certificate or gift card was used, the refund amount will be applied to your online gift certificate or gift card. if you no longer have the original gift card, please contact our customer service department at 877-289-2376 to receive a new gift card or online code. store locator order status gift cards/balance united states | usd shopping help help desk returns & exchanges prices & price match policy shipping & handling size charts buy online, pick up in store student discount questions? chat with usavailable 9am - 12am est call us1.877.289.2376 contact us about us about aéropostale careers supply chain aero impact get the latest styles & offers: email subscribe this field is required. for more information, please see our privacy policy. california residents, see our california privacy notice and do not sell my personal information page. follow us don’t sell my information terms of use accessibility statement privacy policy ca transparency act © 2022 aeropostale. all rights reserved.